Yes, it's Hortz Radio 560. Hortz Radio 560. Hortz Radio 560. Hortz Radio 560. Hortz Radio 560. Hortz Radio 2AM. Hemi Force Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. Hortz Talk to Neil, call 567-0-560-0-3 for Nate and Rarrard or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGUN-USAM. The audience considered pursuing the new Good morning, raise side. I'm 60 for no. I'm subject off the floor and the third floor. I'm good morning, raise side. I'm no longer alive. I'm subject off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. My other hip-width is from the driver's machine's road. I've been the wash-ow. If you think you know that I'm still any father, I'm right here. I need your feet. Good morning, raise side. It's the sweat you say. My eyes are open wide, but I can't see the sky. Good morning, raise side. Break the off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. I'm subject off the floor. Let's get over this. Okay, tell us where it's. Here's a fact that just came in. It says Bill Bradley is more Wall Street money than any other candidate for public or an Democrat. He's the complete political hypocrite. They didn't call him dollar bill in his playing days for nothing. Where was he when Reagan was destroying the country's middle class? Thanks an Al Gore voter. How do you like that? Dollar bill. Now is that one, two or three dollar bill. That's the obvious question. Wait, well, well, it's pretty. Okay, here we go. Here's the final result. Yesterday's poll on the on our website, theorodys.com. We asked the American each stronger gun control laws. A lot of votes, 410 votes. 328 percent of the, 328 people, 80 percent said, and only 82 people said, no, 20 percent. Let me say it again, 328 yes, 82 no, 80 to 20 percent. So how do you like that? When you've gun huggers or you squeeze us out there, or you rednecks and Yahoo's. And just keep in mind by the way, where's that other facts I had about John McCain? About the thing that's in USA today, which I did not look at. Thank you. It says, you might want to check out today's USA today. No, there's an article about law. I get to be pressed if I did. There's an article about Democrats who are voting for McCain, even though they disagree with him on virtually every issue. It says it'll make you... Barff, also doesn't the king remind you of the Martin Scheeing character from movie Dead Zone. Oh, yeah. How did you come? I mentioned. What is that all about? Based on what? Based on he's a performer. He's a new and different fresh face and he's not any of the other guys. I don't know. See, what people are forgetting is in the beginning. Remember like a few months ago, like Bush was 700 points ahead of Gore, remember that, and Bradley. And then all of a sudden, as it, like people start finding out more about these people, see right now, John McCain is in a nigma to most people. They haven't got any idea. Even though he's been in a Senate for 17 years, they've got any idea who he is, what he stands for, what is voting record is, what he really is all about. And what comes to gun control, by the way, keep in mind, this is the same man who won't even support registering of handguns because he says that the Constitution, the founding fathers, didn't make any exception for that. Yeah, he says there's nothing to Constitution about having a right to own an automobile. Ehh! Like I said yesterday, the where they like psychic, did they know that somebody was going to invent the automobile and they wrote the Constitution? No, no. But basically what he's saying is that there should be no restriction. So if he's right about not registering guns and not having any more gun control, then why shouldn't little kids be able to own guns? Because there's nothing in the second amendment, right, where the Constitution, that says you can put an age restriction on it, that's just arbitrary. Not only is it arbitrary to do it, but it's arbitrary to pick the age. How about five? Five, there shouldn't be any. It is for you should give them a piece and a gun too. How do you like that? Yeah, according to John McCain, you go down the whole list of issues, whether it's abortion, whether it's guns, every single one of the right wing agenda, everyone, he's right there with this strong thermond and the extreme right and has been for 17 years. And his big new deal is now campaigned fine at you for and the meantime, the reason that he's been in the center for all those years is because he gets all of this special interest money. He's been taken it just like everybody else, but he's a performer now. I had to, it's really kind of scary. Anyway, before we continue our poll question today, which will linger over the weekend, and this is kind of because the first, now that we just started doing this thing with the poll on the internet, which I love doing this by the way, it's interesting in getting a lot of response. But find a little bit more about the people we have out there because when you do what anonymously like this, then it then, nobody has to hold back, nobody's been to recognize your voice, nobody's been replaced in the games and so today we're going to ask a little sexual question. You consider yourself exclusively heterosexual, exclusively homosexual, bisexual or not sure. See, when I said that to George this morning, that's your heat chuckle too. And I don't see why because there are people out there who are like, could feel who's died on, I don't know, I'm finding myself. I'm reading around truth. Yeah, I know what's true. They're finding themselves. I mean, we got some pictures on the bulletin board back here that I could show you. I think if you reacted to them, you know, positively, negatively, I think that would pretty much tip your hand so to speak. It tips my hand every time I look at it, it's kind of like down around this area. Yeah. Then we got some more information about this diet and speaking diets. They had the big deal up there to wash in yesterday. Fat busters jost over diet plans of the headline. Yeah, they were they were tossing bacon and eggs in each other and the tofu and the alfalfus sprouts. And then my old friend John McDougall was there too, which I'm reading the article here. I haven't heard from him in a coupons age. Oh, there he goes again. He hasn't been on ten minutes. He's already said the word cool. John McDougall was very big on the, what the hell was the name of his plan? I'm W. News years ago. I had him on and I'm sure some of you might have the books from 100 years ago. The McDougall, uh, something, but I got, and I, I used to think that was Gill McDougall that they did that, but it was John McDougall and it's basically around rice is what it's geared around. The only problem is that when you're diabetic rice sends your blood sugar just like capacity skyrocketing to unbelievable heights. So I don't know if that right all the way do like brown rice. Do you like brown rice? I love brown rice. I like rice to it. Mmm. Yeah, I like rice to it, but it's not as good for us. Allegedly. Or is that just a state of mind that brown rice has the fiber, which of course is good for you? And of course, we'll make you shmit. So we have thousands of things to talk about today. Also that Peter were well thing. Let me just mention this about that. And by the way, and I was going every way, we need a front Paul lawn. My buddies come through for me last night with that game boy. We're lucky to win that game. Both newspapers, big thing. The NHL says the referee made a mistake or where else it was a clean hit. It was a shoulder not an elbow, but you know something, it doesn't make any difference. Because your reputation in all sports precedes you. And when you've got a reputation as a goon and you're constantly giving out cheap shots and elbowing people and cross-checking people away from the play, then sooner or later and more often than not, not just sooner or later, more often than not you're going to get nailed, even when you don't deserve it. And the bottom line has to go back to Terry Murray. What's he doing out there in that Washington game? The biggest game of the year, three shifts in the last five minutes. He played Russian and we're let with a biggest game of the year and he lost. I was going Terry and you can get pissed off at the reporters and threaten them all you want. But the fact is you blew it in that game, Jackass. Then I mentioned by the way that the hate of Mike Poison, I'm very Murray. I thought I mentioned it again this morning. It happens to be true. Gully likes him though. Of course, Gully likes everybody. Ten minutes after ten at five, six except for what's his name? Chigs. Ten after ten at five, 60 WQMs. No portion of his broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM. No. Exposition course. That is the fall of the Florida Panthers, Joseph and Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560. Oi. This is Bob Dull. The fame for ED. Correct dial dysfunction. Speaking to you, front of a classroom with children, the heartland of America. You know, one out of every China American males has some sort of ED. I've got five different kinds. Matter of fact, my plumbing is so messed up. Bob Dull, P's out of belly button. Make sure that's all. Yes, small persons. What's ED? Uh, well you know that, that's feeling you get around your pelvis when you see Adrian Barbos. Uh, how about Josie from Josie and the pussycats? Woo! Well, how about that genie in the bottle girl? Oh, yeah, I know that feeling. There you go. Bob Dull doesn't have it. Because of ED, no matter how much I rub, the genie stays in the bottle. Uh, right now I'm ten chapters into a Harlem Quint romance. And nothing. Uh, not even a stirring. I had a satellite dish put in so I could receive 600 channels of hardcore porn. Still nothing. What's that? Uh, well that's what your bad watch is when your mom's upstairs reading. You ever know that it's your dad changes the channel real quick when you walk in and slide to fell over his lap? Yeah. These probably trying to find a way to work through ED. Either that or he's just a perp. Uh, I'm Dull. So, I'm gonna miss his two Americans youth. I'm a fucking ear kid. Nothing. That is a darn it. 10 16 at 5. 6. You're W.M. Happy Friday too. Here's the fact this is what the hell is going on in this country. First, they impeach Clinton for getting a few B.J. in the oral office. Now Larry King invited Tonya Harding for a full hour because she beat her boyfriend with the hubcap. See, that's the whole thing. They should change the name of that show instead of Larry King live or whatever they call it. They should call it Larry King sucks ass. So, obnoxious morons for an hour on CNN. Because that's basically what it is. Johnson a great while he might have somebody on there that I like or might be interested in. Tonya Harding Jerry Falwell, Lewis Ferrican, Airmeas Skumbag, Airbea Pat Robertson over an overreabred insurer with his crystal cathedral 80 trillion dollars. And it says, what about that bitch Darva Conger? She's on every channel saying she didn't do it for the money. Do we believe that? No. No. I saw a couple of minutes of that with Matt Lauer which I never watched but I was channel surfing this morning and saw that bitch. Although the beons were that they had or made up pretty good. He must have done something over the cover up that she's really not old. He's done fraud. That was yeah. And that show because they keep showing the clip from that show. She had like a chicken neck, you know. But at any rate, forget about how she looked. The fact is that if she's so good, he too shoes about it was so offended that he kissed around the lips and the whole thing was a scam and a first place. What was she doing there? Long way she was doing there. If she was so offended and if her sensibilities were so life-but-I beat but it would let him up and he turned out to be such a scumbag. Slot, whore, you pick the word. That's the kind of people that do that kind of stuff. Professional. And there's nothing wrong with that. Prostitude is fine. It shouldn't be the government's business. What transactions go on between private individuals? I don't see any problem with that. For example, if the girl has maybe 20 minutes to the spare time this morning, I got paid today. You know what I'm saying? I mean, what's wrong with that? It's a private transaction. Oh no, it's a... wife and wife two time with it, right? Hope urges religious peace. Right next to the story about John Henry which I'll get to by the way. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. I'm not going after a Mickey. Oh, this is going to be good. A battle between. You know what that's going to be like. Mickey Harrison gets John Henry to suck an elephant stepping on an ant. That's how much trouble Mickey's going to have in squashing his ant. Oh, John Henry, whore, you kidding. But anyway, so the hope urges religious peace between the Christians and the Muslims. That's on the front page. But buried little further inside is this lovely story from Kaduna, Nigaria in Africa. Religious strike in Nigerian city, simmers down. Isn't that a great headline? Hey, simmer down on you crazy, Afra coolners. Christian and Muslim leaders promised Thursday to work together to restore peace in the trouble city of Kaduna. Residents trickled back in the, they, they breeze through the streets after two days of religious classes. At least 200 people did. The Christians and the Muslims, baby. A good old time religion. Schools and most doors are made closed, but hawkers were back in the streets where police and soldiers maintain a heavy presence. Fighting erupted Monday during an administration by Christians against a proposal to bring Islamic law to Kaduna state. By Wednesday an uneasy common been restored to Kaduna, one of the largest cities in northern the Nigeria. Christians and Muslims and the Muslims and the Jews and the great like the song says, everybody hates everybody else because they don't believe the same cherry tails. I got the right cherry tails. God damn it. No, you don't. I got the right cherry tails. And if you don't believe my cherry tails, you're going to burden the house. In fact, maybe we'll just burn you right now to prove it to you. Good bye religion. I'm going to tell you right now if we woke up tomorrow morning and all religion in the world this appeared, it would be a beautiful place to live. As long as everybody lighten up a few shades. There's a mobile and cross-brings, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, you've got to wonder how many cupcakes time you keep lying around the trail of these days and I don't believe it. Yeah. What a day. What did this guy say? You know, something these people are like a bad penny. They just don't ever go away. They keep coming back when you least expected. And that diet you've been talking about. That sounds frighteningly like the old scars they'll die at that I know I played around with em college men. Black coffee and great. How's Dr. Turnard doing by the way? Is he still dead? I think he's still dead. Doesn't have to worry about any weight loss program. No. And listen, last year about this time you pulled a great, great tape off of Hank Show on the interview will Clark which was obviously very bizarre. Right. Last night I looked at my watch when this happened because I thought of you immediately. A call they called up and said something about John Henry. I think I fell in the midst said, you know, the owner I admire the most in this town in Wayne. He said because he's not a hypocrite, he doesn't lie. He tells you like it. He tells you like it is. He doesn't say one thing and do another. He didn't say that. I had Neil I swear to him. He said that. 508 p.m. 508 p.m. I did show that it's a full-de-safep. I mean, obviously you know, he had to be joking. He had to be joking. I was waiting for him. I was waiting for him to say something like, yeah, right. You know, when he was saying no, I swear I swear to God, you got to pull the tape because that's exactly what he was saying. He does. I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down. If Groward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Maybe that's why we're having such a tough time for them to join up. Maybe most people remember that and they figured there's nothing going on there. They're not playing there. I'm just telling you I'm just telling you a lot of us. Anybody who who who looks at your show and listen to that call, yeah, I mean, you had the popping of mine. I was like incredulous. Well, you know, I was a little bit concerned, but Hank, you know, is a big boy. He'll make his own decisions, but I did hear him a couple of weeks ago. Last time we were talking at length about the John Henry thing and he said, well, you know, this the cruise ship tax, if they want to do that, I don't think I'd have a problem with that. So I hope he doesn't get sucked into that because the fact is that any kind of tax money would all the needs that we have in South Florida, especially in Dave County with its biggest city bankrupt, all the needs that we've got any kind of additional taxes that would love you. Have got to go first to schools and education and textbooks and roads and important things, not to building a billionaire guy, damn step baseball stadium. No matter where they would get it from. Absolutely. So I hope he gets sucked into that. Yeah, I mean, public funding for private ventures like that. Absolutely not. But if you, I just, you'll be just a shot because I, if you hear, the call was taken in context. He was dead serious. Okay. I'm going to tell you a couple hours off today in the go listen to some tapes. Got a great day. Thank you. Marlins, cruise tax, good fun, stadium. I must be crazy. I must be not. Bill in the works target tourists. The Florida Marlins won cruise your passengers to pay for new ballpark and downtown Miami. Is that going to just took two days ago? We just took the poll on any kind of tax money for a new baseball stadium and overwhelmingly 125% said no way Jose and I include you, John Henry and any language. Okay, you asshole with you. On before admitted to me in the hallway this morning, by the way, he's hoping to get to the Vietnamese New Marlin mascot. That's why he's sucking up to John Henry. He admitted that. Yeah, it's another one of those deal. This guy, he opens up his wallet to give a Tommy a check for some spotty there or whatever I was. This guy there was no cash in there because that's all gone as the track. He's got 72 different checks. Beful. That's how it maintains that expensive gambling habit and the drinking habit and wife. Because he's got, no, he's got all these different shows he's doing all the time. This man's got more guy than jobs. One thing about him, you'll never hear him say, not my job because every job is his job. Really, he's everywhere. He's on a Mika shuki thing. He's on the half time at the football game. He's everywhere you go and now he's going to be the god damn, Marlin mascot. 125 different checks he had in there from all, all from different people. Nice going, Beful. Marlin's cruise tax could fund stadium. The proposal is now being drafted for approval of the state legislature. Senator S. Ron Silver, Democrat and North Miami each had Thursday, Ohio, Senate version of the bill. The tax cruise passengers, the bill would authorize date cutting to impose the tax subject to voter approval, but the exact amount of form of the tax has not yet been determined. Silver said a cruise ship passenger tax makes sense because it would target tourists in our residence. See here we go with that crap again. The idea that, oh well, let me say it one more time. Make it very clear to you if we want to tax tourists anymore than we already are. Fine, okay, let's do it. But let's make sure the money goes to something important. Not to building a god damn baseball stadium for a sport that almost nobody here cares about anymore. Most people didn't in the first place. I remember the first day that we that was announced that they were a wing was getting us a baseball franchise and I said on the air back at IOD. I said, you know, this is very exciting, but I'm really not sure this is a baseball time. I remember that just like it was yesterday. And here we are all these years later and we're more certain than ever that it's not a baseball town. No matter what the stadium looks like, whether it's air conditioning not where the hell they stick it, it's not a baseball town. And all those Julios that were going to come out and support it are they showing up? No, no. Oh, yeah, but when Alex Fernandez pitches with this 420 pound frame, they're all going to come out and support him. Well, when you wait that much, you need a lot of support, but nevertheless are they coming out? No. No. There wasn't one extra person in the stand any day when he pitched. And it seems to me that all through the existence of this franchise, they've had an abundance of Julios on the team. Has that made a difference? No. I'm Tony John Henry. You've already got the deal there with Wayne. You're already leased in out that stadium. Just forget about the baseball games and put some cock fights in there. You'll fill up that stadium every night. They'll be packing it and the stadium too. Here's a call in Naples. Hello. Naples. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. I take a position on your gun to, I take issue on your gun position. What do you mean by that? Well, you said that the first of all, guns have never killed a single person in this country. Sir, are you going to give me this crap again? That's like saying, no, no, no. I'm going to give you a reason. I'm going to give it. I don't ever kill anybody, either just drivers. I take my Nancy. You've got no time. We're from a hunt. I get three guns to my gun. The one that's protecting me. Yeah. I am from a gun state, a broken state. So I'm not interested with you from a gun state. What state is that? It creates you. What is it? You want to say red next state. Well, Carla, what you want to, we got. No, it is North Carolina's a red next. We got that. That's the day to the wall. That next state. In Palm Beach, Florida. Yeah. But I'm telling you, there's a children. So, like, let me say it again. We did a pull yesterday. I had no control over the way the people voted. 20% of the people said we should have stronger gun control laws. What's the matter, you know, that is your own. That customer, you know, by that, that poll is not reflected. Well, how come all those people voted for John McCain and our presidential poll and George Bush and Alan Keys, do I have favor of any of that? No. No. You're going to get one. I can't get out of here. Get out of here. Go back out in the woods and let's shoot yourself in a photo. Okay. It will be a boy scout. It will be an alpha, alpha, alpha, 69 or whatever it hell is. 26 after 10 is 560 W2M. What was that going to about bank County? Oh, I'm sorry. How long do you go? You don't want to be a part of this team. And you can just get the hell out. It happens every week when the teams hit the grid. I ain't going nowhere. This is what I was born to do. It's what it means to be a man. You have to raise the name. A battle of marital proportions. Oh, come on. I just want to watch one damn game. It's every freaking Sunday. I just want to watch one game. Every freaking Sunday. Please, just the early game. Then I promise I'll paint the hall. You're crazy. Every freaking Sunday. What about the defenders everywhere? 1032 at 560 W2M. I was in a really good mood till I got this<|zh|><|zh|>. It says, hi, Neil from your voice. I feel you are in a good mood today. That's past tense now. Looking forward to meet you tomorrow. See, such a thing is chronic. And already this paul from camera room rhymes with cool. Chronic paul. Here when you face me, if it's tell me, he's going to show up there tomorrow. Which maybe wonder whether I should show up or not. Just to fit you in, you know there's a good basketball player from camera room. 6-8 playing for Berkshire High. And I know that. No, I care. No. No, no, we're good in soccer, but in basketball as well. And being chronic sent a pain in the ass too, I guess. I'll bring some pictures from camera room for you to take a look at. I hope you liked them. Wishing you a good Friday show. We'll see you tomorrow. Thanks paul from camera room. Paul, you're already a chronic. And we don't want to see you. Okay, you're driving me nuts. Yeah, it's like one of those people. Air everywhere you go. Air everywhere you look to your left to your right there. He is like the tanya hearting of camera room skis. Have a nice life paul to bed. We couldn't see it tomorrow. Then I got a thing about the diet about that ridiculous. I mean, that's the great change your hospital medical life. I mean, first of all, when you take a look at this and see how low you're going to be eating, you could put that amount of food into a symbol and have room left over for the Chinese army. They're so little. So naturally, you're going to lose a lot of weight. I'm not so sure that the chemistry is going to get the elements to do with it. Like lunch is a cup of cottage cheese and five saltine crackers and you're going to lose weight. What a surprise. I'm shocked. Here's a mobile and mirror. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a spirey portfolio. I was flipping due to channels last night. And I caught the previews of tonight and the payment tonight. Yeah. And it's going to be a part of it. It's going to be a minor. The way she goes around town with her newfound friend and TV's comedian Tom Green. No, no. Yes. Oh, no. And it looks like it's going to be totally hilarious. Tom Green's yelling at the paparazzi. Oh, he's desperate. I guess since him, he's been destroying his show. I guess he's desperate. Well, I've already set my VCR. So I got to check it out and see what it's going to be about. OK. Let me show you. I put it on wide screen. Yeah, right. OK. All right. So what I've said is America's favorite scumbags is going to be the Fox showed to replace that who wants to marry a fully millionaire. Yeah. America's favorite scumbags. They could just have it on 24 hours a day because the bigger we're scumbags. You are the more of a hero they make in this country. Monica Lewinsky, Tony Harding, no matter how much of a dirt bag scumbag Dennis Rodman, which I see he's added again. And there's no end of that crap. Insighting brawls and riots and acting like a jackass. Nobody cares. They like scumbags. It's the American F in way, baby. Although I think one exception might be that fat Rosie. Here's Bill Wyman, who is the editor of Salon Arts and Entertainment. He says, oh, Rosie, shut up. A silly organization gives us frivolous awards to husbands and Evan S. and Pop for the 42nd year. He says, I've never understood something about millivonily in the Grammys. If the two pretty faces in the band didn't get to keep the statue wet, why didn't then automatically go to the people who did sing the songs? I mean, it doesn't matter whose faces on the cover of the album. Does it? This is the sort of question one ponders while watching the Grammys, the lamest of all award shows. The Grammys are primarily voted on by a bunch of music industry, oldsters, whose main goal in life is specifically not to reward adventures in pop music, much less adventures in rock or hip hop, and who've been remarkably successful in that endeavor. This annual procedure is overseen by the truly wicked administrative court and national academy of recording arts and science sciences. The organization is run by one semical green. It gets paid $1.3 million a year, which is considered kind of high in the realm of nonprofit posts. He also oversees music cares. The organization's charitable arm, music cares the distinguished itself on the slightly different way. It took in $2.3 million in 1998 and gave out a whopping $235,000 in donations are almost 10 cents on the dollar. That's considered kind of low in the realm of charity, a report with the LA Times has been dug and green on these and other issues for seven years, but green hasn't yet quit. In the meantime, the group holds its annual debacle each year, doing its best to reward definitions without actually getting into millivinilly territory again. This year went for the nostalgia trip. One thing you can depend on is that the Grammy event always misses the vote even on its own terms. It is the wrong way, core gain of award shows. This year, for example, it had before a pop-slotted of almost universally appreciated blifeness, I wanted that way by the backseat boys. This likable confession was aced out by a strange musician named Carlos Santana and his supernatural has even strained your album of collaborations with various modern artists, most of them have his age. In the end, he took home eight awards, time Michael Jackson, for the most ever in one year, the hit smooth which Santana didn't write also want a songwriting award. Santana was part of the San Francisco sound in the late 1960s and gave a searing performance in Woodstock, over most of the 30 plus years since he has followed a strange artistic and religious news and hasn't been heard from in the past 20 years. But Aristys Klyb Davis put him back in the arena by pairing him with younger stars like Matt's box 20's Rob Thomas, who co-wrote and sang smooth. The result was a cobble, a cobble together flu-kit created by fully 3,000 stars producers and engineers. The right to the show was filled with usual embarrassments, best new artist went to Christina Agalera, a vacuous and soon to be forgotten performer. Hose Rosio Donald was searching for the unfunny, the opening number was Will Smith singing the title song from that big movie flop he had last year. Whitney Houston seemed to have taken a set of stiff. Ricky Martin sang Maria the song in the performance understood with enough to suggest that we won't have him to kick around on next year's show. Jennifer Lopez showed up for the various kibbi dress and boyfriend puppy combs would been indicted that morning for bribery. He was accused of offering his driver 50 grand to claim ownership of a handgun found in combs car after a non-autorial shooting at a New York nightclub in December. Pothi has left the building odontal senior at the end of the show and I'm relieved and that was whatever only good lines of the night. So there you go from the editor of Solon arts and entertainment. The Grammy's blow and a classic case of that and it goes back to what I just said him and I go about my remarkable life scumbags they like crap. I'm watching and I'm sitting here watching the music I do every morning much music and TV and they got that awful awful, awful, moriah carry and Joe and 98 degrees and I love 98 degrees. Everybody knows that. I mean obsessed with 98 degrees right Nick. But you know what I mean even they can't say that and for first of all you don't hear them on their anyway. But the new form of singing in America is not hip hop it's not rock it's not pop it's man it's that it's spas spas maybe that's why Nick Carter was doing that like spas thing on it's number that we're doing the other night because I've never seen a new that yeah be spastic I think Lauren Hill invented that instead of singing you just make a lot of that sounds like that. Which moriah carry and Joe both do, else you that horrible song which by the way just to make you understand what I'm talking about it's number one on the billboard single chart number one one of the worst songs in history. I mean that thing is the worst piece I've made you could ever begin to shake your one that and it's number one so don't ever like I said vanilla ice cream it's big. What is that then if you're trying to pull on us today what is that? That's for you. Just what is it? What is it? Beer first ticket. Oh beer first ticket. I love free beer. All that. 21 before 11 at the I like it for you too. 21 before 11 at 560 WQM. If why do you first be an outling but show you been waiting for America it's on your hiding sight of it. Use a lintical metalist category of it. Yeah skating to the classics. Oh nice blitz jump there. There comes your take off into a double lap. Oh she's down season agony. Now it's Brian Batano attempting a triple soccer. Oh he where are we done? Oh perfectly execute a triple chin assault by Tony Harding. He's the precision team of Tony Harding. Jeff Gullouly and her bad guy bodyguard Whitebounce cater after skater. Oh no. Twist the other go. Oh no. It's fun Boba whole family. Especially if you're the Cullion or Gadi family. Or are your tickets for Tony Harding's ice cafe? He's that blue cross accepted. 1044-560 WQM. Fingers skating is going to be the silliest of all human endeavors. Can there be anything else that people do? I mean even picking your nose is a lot more fun in watching a figure skating. Triple sound cow. Oh it's a double and of course gymnastics too is like once that boy although that at least requires some athletic ability. Usually depending on what it is. Figure skating and you wonder why there's all these bags and figure skating because it's a precise, easy thing is what it is. Figure skating. Go figure. Here's Papano. Hello. Papano. Yeah good morning Neil. How are you doing? Hey man I find a really interesting article of the fun set and over this morning on the back page of the local session the weather of all things to be interesting. There's someone asked a question to our friend Brian Norcross how far can you predict the weather in advance? Brian comes back with an answer that you can't predict the too far in advance but if you go to a certain website they'll give you a 5 day forecast for any city. If you go to this website of course it comes up but it comes up a hard core porn site. I want to give you the real thing here now. Yeah I thought that was pretty interesting there. I've been telling my son to look at these sites of Brian brings up to see this in the website but the pull up a hard core website. That was a little scared there. I was going there Brian. He's spreading it wherever he can. Yeah that's that's going to be putting that in the newspaper with a little shock to me there. Well I'm sure that we got thousands of people scouring them out of the waste basket in the bottom of their bird cage to get that out right now. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. Thank you. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line is 877 785 6345 785 645 got it. Here's a mobile in Boka hello. Neil? Yes sir. Hank was serious last night. Oh no. He said of all the owners and proud for all of that he admired the most. It was Wayne Isaac. Why do you have to admire any of them? What's there to admire? Yeah I don't know. I'm not going to. Maybe Hank's just glad he doesn't have any Wayne stock. Maybe that's why he admired them. What's there to admire about him? I don't know. He's the one that dismantled the marlins. He's the one that gave us that sour bit that I played before. Threatened to take the panthers and move me someplace else unless we build the net arena, which we did. He's the one that's constantly threatening he's going to sell this team. He's going to sell that team. He's the sour post. He's a sour answer. The bad guy, which is why stock is in the toilet and when anybody hears his name now, he's taking what used to be gold. And turn it to instant shmit. He said that he's not a hypocrite and he's not too face. Uh-huh. I'm just told you what Hank said. Well maybe Hank had a bad bull of grits or something. I'm a good friend of Scott the Warnboy. Yeah. And the circle jerk is at 8 tonight. Okay I'll be there. Thanks. Scott's going to be the pivot man is what I'm hearing. Oh good. 5605050, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Out of town, I will wait not on you, Virginia. We didn't have a call there from Naples though that guy that was stepping his song at that redneck. There aren't no redneck on the west coast of Fuflord. Oh no. No. They're ain't real redneck in Fort Myers and Naples and Port Charlotte. Huh? How's your Port Charlotte? There ain't no Naples over. Are we redneck? Maybe the beeslees. I'm a redneck as the term just good old boys. I think suits them better. Good old boys. Had a great chat with my good friend Bob Demuth. Yesterday, the elevator was picking up loose chains that I dropped out of my pocket. In fact, he and Alan for a tell the corporate attorney were having a fistfight over who was going to pick up the loose change. Here is a dayby. Hello. Yes sir. What on quote this morning? We all agree we want baseball in this town. So who's in there? The Chubby one who was somebody's getting a death bait off on the mallins. But uh... Well, who are you talking about? Be folks are that? They all agreed. We have to have major league baseball. No, no we don't. In fact, if people had any brains he'd realize if he wanted to be a little more self-serving we got to get rid of baseball because it's cost to us a fortune around this radio station. It's strangling us. That's right. I know it is. Hey, not only that. We got the 7th best best football team out of 30 in town. Yeah. And our football team made the final 8 out of 30 in town. Yeah. And they're going to support a baseball team? No. No. Not at all. No. And I think if you have a lot about if we have for the award of the 99th out of the top 150 that might not be too bad. No. I think if uh... Okay. If Hank did a survey, does anybody give a rat says about baseball on his shell because your show is too biased. We find out exactly how many people could care less if we have baseball on this town. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. My show is too biased. You hear that? In other words, I got to submit a simple and sober people whatever you put down on that thing. Basically what I want to tell you. I want you to say. Anybody believe that? No. Because we've been doing this for a week now and it doesn't come out that way at all. At all. 560560. It's been a really tough week on these phones this week. Man, these people are in a major, major coma. Well, all this important stuff going on. Although maybe that guy will call in and give me a lecture about Santana and his a cutting edge of his innovative music. Santana sucks. Okay. That's my opinion. So you're out listening to your opinion. But when you call in, you try to force me to agree with you. It's never going to work out. It's not going to work out. I'll listen. And maybe once in a while, you know, I mean, I have an open mind. But in this particular case, I've been listening to his crap for like 30 years now. And it always sucked. He had a couple of commercial hits there. You know, we're going to go into it again. He sucks. That's my opinion. If you like Santana, you've got a lot of company. Just like the vanilla ice cream. Just like that horrible song by Mariah Carey and Joe and 98 degrees. I mean, that's that's that's number one. Never overestimate the taste of the American public. That's why they're lined up at McDonald's. Line up. Cheap and fast and swill and really swell. Well, that's what they love. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're going to hear me, okay? I hear you fine. Thank you, sir. Listen, you read a story a few days ago about some football player for the Washington Redskins and, uh, right. I killed a couple of people. Well, where was that out of? Because I haven't been able to find that in the papers anywhere. I have no idea what that was on a Sunday's paper. I've had this long gone. Oh, okay. Okay. And by the way, I hate to say all those things yesterday. He's, uh, and at the top of it, he's talking about the terrain, huh? A big guy. And he also said that, uh, his complexion wasn't so bad either. Yeah. Okay. And I like, and he's saying he liked his hairdo also. I love it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. I don't know what's gotten into Hank, huh? Just when you think he's finally. I'm trying to tell her, come to the grocery reality. That was maybe his horse had wicked diarrhea or something like that out there at Goustrum. I don't know what the Hank steal is. You know, he speaks his own piece. I'm not trying to put words in his mouth, but, uh, Jesus. I mean, there's another one. I don't know how we would phrase that poll. Maybe we'll do that one day next week. Which of the, yeah, that might be, I will do that one day next week. Which of the local sports team owners will have Wayne and John Henry and the Mickey on there. And then none of the above. Which one of the following do you admire the most? And we'll see. I bet you none of the above would win. Oh, there you go. Lead me audience again. They're not going to put down here. What I tell them. Okay, Charlie. That's not going to happen. Especially on an anonymous poll like that. The reason I'm doing the thing today on sexual orientation is because there are a lot of people who say, Oh, yeah, well, you know that near Roger. He's got the big ratings all these years because all the, I think I called a couple of months ago. And all those guys who are loose a little light in the loafers. All the facts listen. We had all the facts. We didn't have an 80's here. They're too busy, you know, trying to scrape themselves off the sidewalks and south beach. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Well, yes, sir. I think of me like you doing. All right. Towards the end of the show, yes, you talk about a guy with some drivers? Yes. Okay. First of all, that's not the full living. Okay. I'm so sorry. The palm is, okay. I've been to some of quite all my life. Uh-huh. And I moved south forward from Orlando. Well, I'm sorry again. You got these guys, these Cubans. Right? They got some patience. They got some Jamaican. And I'm, I'm looking right now. I'm Jamaican. Okay. Yeah, I'm on. All right. There, start off by coming to reach, right, cut, throw, cut, throw, cut, throw. They cut the rate so bad. Now they can't live on the rate they want, right? And that's the reason why they're striking. And I grew to 9% which is said yesterday. Okay. I have no compassion for them. Yeah. Because they did today. Well, what's the 10% you don't agree? The 10% I don't agree. You do have a good truck driver. That's a good. That's a good. You said all truck drivers, grab a truck driver. I got a couple of. I didn't say that. I've, I said I've had some bad experiences. I bet there is a one-first-in-a-sati and two drives any amount at all. Who has that some bad experiences with the gravel truck drivers who get right in front of you and the stuff is spitting out of their truck and like, pelting all over your vehicle. It's not a pleasant thing when you get stuck behind that crap. That's true. Right. That doesn't make all the drivers bad guys. That doesn't mean they were all out there blocking traffic yesterday. I never said that. Okay. So I've heard, didn't put it like that. They're always wanted to good people in the bunch. Okay. First off another awful. You got guys like me that has no equipment. He's other guys that have the wheelbarrow at the end and that's not here to work. But also has more regards for the rules and regulations. He has these porters out here that want to stop the guys that have good, you know, good equipment. Yeah. And let these other guys go by with the crap. I asked one guy what's the reason for that. Well, we'll make more money with you. We'll kind of like to do that. So this one put my opinion. Okay. Well, good luck, pal. Thank you. Okay. There's one of those guys who's spewing the stuff all over your company to good guy. 16,000 open line. This is very depressing this week. To me, I'm coming right along on the heels of a wonderful vacation. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60. In fact, it's enough to make you want to go on another vacation. Is it about a half an hour? 5, 6, 7, 5, 60. What's in that package at Carlos just brought in? What's in that? What is it? Poises. No. Seriously. I'm going to go somewhere. Greek, uh, pastries. Boclav, huh, maybe? Yeah. I love Boclav, huh. I'm not really big into Greek. Correct. But I do love Boclav, huh. I'll tell you that right now. Hmm. Well, what do we all are good during the news? There. Let's do a news catch. During the news. What a joke. I must be losing my contact with reality. News on this radio station. This man losing his mind. During the news. During the 45 minute commercial break. Like I said, well, I kind of like take a peek in there and see what's on that. I do like the purple color though. There is my favorite color. Purple. Or is it maybe lavender, huh? M.I.P.A. 10.56. 5.60. W.Q.A.M. More radio. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I'm the illustrious John Ramley. Uh, you may interested to know that my lovely wife and I have written a book concerning our own theories surrounding the tragic death of our lovely little daughter. Now, as you well know, the police now know footprints in this snow around our whole. So that lead us to believe it was the work of the Obsidian Order, sending assassins into our home by protocol transport beams surrounded by blue light. The Ramsey Dream series. And available from random killing books. Right. It's 11.05. 60. W.Q.A.M. I don't know if I'm just a ganging on that random killing book or on the box of our, but it sure is good. Thanks to our friends from the Greek festival. Correct. No, not that kind of Greek. The 22nd annual Saints of the Cathedral Greek festival celebrating six millenniums of Hellenic Heritage. February 25th and 6th, which is today in the moral from 11th to 11th. And February 27th, which is Sunday from the noon to 11th. Christian. Draw on us an experienced Greek. I mean, Greece without leaving South Florida. Greek food, music, live, folk dance, kids activities. Tour of the Xr. Byzantine, Byzantine, the Cathedral. Patriots, coffee and the Baclamey, by the way, is great. It will not kill Sun's office. It's great. Patriots, coffee, gourmet grocery, wine, and spirits, Greek art, jewelry, leathery, leathery. Religious, alright. I guess you have to tell much squeaky. My kid a leathery. And devotional items, books, raffles and more. admission is two bucks for adults kids under twelve free free admission before two pm today fifty cents off admission with a sad we hear your judge take the end and this is happening at saints of the a cathedral corollary and twenty four throat just two blocks west of eye ninety five exit one so there you go if you're in a little Greek for the weekend uh... you're all set while i do love box of all and i guarantee it will send your blood sugar soaring on any way to the but you know something i don't care present in this twenty thirty five or in fact i am doing great on the last two more pounds and i feel great and i sound like i have a lot of energy because i do and you know i mean i don't want to be on doctor rackens parade because they had this big thing yesterday in the bottom line of the whole deal is nobody really knows after all these billions of dollars being spent after all the pills all the books after all the studies after all the quacks everything else nobody knows which is a hell of an indictment of medical preparation by the way that the greatest health problem that we have an american today which is getting worse by the minute by the way because people are eating in this country like it's going out of stuff i have to not stop eat it what eating and filling their fat places the stun fat americans like me because we can't stop for the food like down below we said in fact so we can't stop the food god damn it we're surrounded by a we're indated by it they delivered to your goddamn house oh before that buckler masher is good but the medical profession you guys have been done it yeah haven't done it you failed you are big fat flop when it comes to helping us lose weight safely and intelligently we had the fenn fenn thing all few people died you know big deal we had at look with protein crack back in the 70s few people died because we're desperate we all want to look beautiful okay we don't want to let me we don't maybe want to be big and fat in the tub's a lot because i do find like when you go to the hockey gaming you see certain kinds of fat people you know that a lot of those people are people who enjoy being big fat tub's you know you know the kind of people i'm talking about there were fat people are desperate and you you feel for them especially i do because i've been fighting for years but the fat tub's a lot who want to be fat tub's a lot and then say oh don't they call me names no discriminating against me because i have it a big fat a grotesque tub of lard swab here's a mobile and cruel spring so well yes sir yeah no yes things here okay first time locked on by the way all right you know regardless that you make and guy you called a little while ago you know the dump truck saying hey i'm driving up the saw grass is because there's flying by doing 85 and i'm off an hour and you're pitching about the cost of fuel right let them slow down a little bit slow down you idiots yeah we're in like we're low you know of course you know those your makins are always burned one never said i didn't catch a show yet sir regards to people or we're all i'm sure you tore him in the one yes i did yeah you know even on the paper today says you know the NHL of apologizing with the rom call it doesn't make any difference the fault was Terry Maurice sticking them out there three times in last five minutes because this guy keeps taking cheap shots and cheap shots and sooner or later you're going to get call for one when you didn't do it regardless and that's the pricey pay when you put the goon out there when the game is online and why don't they get rid of him drop lousy back on the fence and try to pick up another score for the fork that's and i didn't pick up a real skilled player now you're talking that's right go leave school baby hey man thank you for your sad scene although it was great for leased at the time of the out of a last nine five four nice going lightning thank you all you lightning fan oh but Mike johnson boy just breaks my heart even though Darcy Tucker scored two release on wednesday in finis here's Mike johnson boy is that kid a player or what uh two gold and an assist for tamper last night but thanks for being not a lot thank you so much let's go on Mike maybe he was thinking about the leaves five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line here's a facts about the music and the art love this music thing because when i tell you i like the guy called me yesterday that militant uh Santa and a sucker when i tell you about music then you got the real answer whether Georgia reason out and that's another thing like i've always told you before i don't care whether anybody agrees or not i like what i like and what really disturbs me is people i have to get the affirmation of somebody else oh isn't this really good don't you like this i don't care if you like it or not if i like it i think it's great or can't stand people like that always have to have somebody patty on it oh yeah you got really good taste you're right i like that too does an interest me in the least just every time Georgia opens up a mouth and starts about my taste in music couldn't care less not interested i mean i realize that the groups are like in no like little dick biscuit but hey listen that's just the way it goes different strokes were different laying folks and how they do them by the way lately uh pretty wait keep bringing them up there's so fun minutes ago yeah and because you like them yeah and that's over with that i want to put it in a good you know here and gone yeah that's right here and gone like Ricky Martin gone by by Ricky don't let the door hit you in a rock in the rectum away out of course it wouldn't be the first there why you got back there i'm sure rectum five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight maybe he just got a float off and the do his thing with Georgia Michael and he wants to do what to do a little number with him maybe in the tea room here's a corral geobals hello meal papa deos yes see two days yesterday i was about to ditch laugh when you were talking about media one yeah hey are the worst hey i'm talking every time i got a call and present that you're on hold for days yeah and you know i said do my friend david was in the house i said i said this is like a feel hungry but that i'm stuck up in the middle of now i'm dialing and pushing and i'm a whole the music is playing i'm here all these different voices and all i wanted was to talk to a living and breathing person that's all i've left it so hard because it happened to start but i but i do like the roadrunner that's great the review that you read on the Grammy that was pretty harsh man it was right on target well that's a couple of good performance did you watch it i saw some of it if you see the little kids no all they were great there's just four little kids came out this while but he but he wasn't ripping the performance was talking about that he was just in the awards in the whole way that it's presented well you know that's coming i mean that's what it's all about politics yeah but i mean there was some there was some pretty good performances i mean it was really cool all right i like the outing jam with the back street voice thing i thought that was great yeah i would think you would just something else uh i don't know like Philadelphia you don't like that song i like that song i like that same thing i can a lot john song like why would you do something different i don't know i just that's not going to be a lawyer i don't know like a crocodile call i got the john is cool yes and another thing over back right i'm going on the thing with the Grammys and the little kids yeah i teach and it's really weird because when i was growing up in middle school you know there was all different kinds of drama course um graphic art you know trades classes you don't see that anyone you know i teach in a middle school and it's all about computers or and that's it you know yeah they they've been cut down the peek okay there's one because they don't have a mind for the high level of the right that's correct but these kids need to do physical that i mean then you got that's the age where you're developing a little bit of a little character but listen all this money anybody that any person that supports any kind of tax money for this dating for john and we i'm personally gonna break their legs with a crowbar how do you like that i'm really a really bad man i'm putting my kid in a private school that is i don't blame good luck pal take it in here hang in there because our country that doesn't care about their kids we're always hearing about this oh our most valuable resources are kids yeah well let's see some evidence of it okay let's start doing something for those kids and by the way did you see the son of a bitch i don't want to start getting a racial thing did you see the guy who was driving the car the drag that kid no i'll find it during the break i mean he what he wasn't just dark he was the stereotypical dark scumbag disgusting rotesco lowlife that all black people were shouldn't pray that nobody would stereotype them by him and i hope you don't but nevertheless i mean just oh man the lowest sub for human form of crap and yeah she should be blamed to for leaving a kid in the car but you know something plenty of kids get left in the car and nobody drags him to their death five miles down the road just steal a car so i say we only give her we only use fry his ass like on her all though tonight and we just give her lethal injection she's a sort of bitch 10 minutes after 11 at five sixty wqw how young is too young um this has been an amazing adventure for me this whole year and um along the way there have been so many people that have made me feel so special so i'm going to take this opportunity make them so special um sorry i would like to thank my father's surgeon so taking me from those poor little eight hubs these night full of things i want to take my dad is just just in the idea and then the first one it's tell me that yes they do look real i want to get my manager for for doing my mom's signature of the incident consent form and i want to thank you all for appreciating my music you're what okay my book i thought Britney sweet are they just showed on whatever i'm watching those v8 to on some lane channel they just showed out in john with his comments after the grandmothers evening and he was going on and on about the back doorboards and about how the other groups a lot of more really lame but these guys can really ever sing and they're great and yati yati yati and they asked them which one you like the best he said he liked all of them nice gone what did they call her share and nice gone sharing anyway the wqm fan oh here's a chance of a lifetime and the qm fan will be at the bell south mobility and corral jables twenty two ninety nine positive on between uh... noon and one stop by for great deals on bell south mobility products and win some qm goodies from niggiel from noon to one he'll be there wearing a suit of armor days finding why that you all thanks out there all you old trolls noon to one at the bell south mobility corral jables twenty two ninety nine ponds pounce here's a south Miami hello yes sir uh... first time call right uh... just want to mention uh... something that change a place yes uh... just a forest there isn't enough leader round this area that he doesn't defend from any anything they do uh... for example or a team owner too also yes uh... i guess it's he won't be too but uh... you know from everything from the florist state uh... football player who went into the village department for right to uh... any pro that uh... excuse me uh... beat up his girlfriend or whatever right uh... he says well as not so bad it's not so bad you know we didn't the kill on the street right yeah so i i just want to mention that as a uh... he's in a polygist that if i you know if he had a child he shouldn't and he does he shouldn't bring up a kid with no uh... boundaries of that that he yeah well i want to do a few of the lot better because i know his son doesn't know anything he tells him so you'll feel better about that okay no attention like most of the rest of us well i just want to address a lot of checks and is well i'll pay that they'd be for he's just a maybe that's why maybe all these guys are paying them off i don't know but he's your got a lot of checks in there it's it's unbelievable the way he defend the the most biol uh... thing right and then uh... called defending the indefensible yeah and then that today's paper mentions Eric Thomas yeah and we're he had uh... seven children by five uh... girls and he didn't leave a will yeah so his mother is going to take care i don't know what's going to happen but you know that's terrible i i i you know to to just and they're so many and they just got through you'll a jazzing him like he was the king of the universe like uh... i just don't understand it it went on and on and on day after day i mean it was a tragic accident he died of a young age but uh... what was uh... his great claim to family side did was a football player that's it yeah he didn't know also was very a prolific made a lot of babies too yeah okay listen these uh... this two shell pants okay thank you everything okay this two shell real bad kidney stone five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line we've got mostly i i've been telling this for years as kissers that's why stand out from the crowd because i refuse at any price that i've been offered so far because any yes now when i say offered so far if you want to make it really worth my while let's do some big bucks okay seven figures i would say the first one could be a one that would be all right then you'll see me kissum very serious as i mean i could kiss it with a best of but not not just uh... or a day and a day out as a matter of routine forget it not just for the nickels and times that be foes uh... all of he did have a lot of checks and that while i mean a lot and every one of them was from like some different outfit i think i saw john Henry's signature on a couple of them here's my me bee pillow hello yes sir hey nil i don't want to you have a lot of material for about a week if you just pick up the date herald today you have it the day to this and day to this and now i'm going to run here some of i'll tell you about the fed you what to look for it and those ancestors then they will just time on the phone with it on the b-section first of all on page five and number two cop in date for the frank bony went with right with their uh... he was clear that's a whitewash pure and simple the other one the high allele offices that about the robbers death i must at the have the time is you don't have it that it's been over one of the cops he wasn't sure whether he fired his gun it was foreshot but he wasn't sure and when he checked the check the scene when the gun was loaded he said it was dark in the confusion he must have inadvertently replaced the possibly spent magazine with a full month was the uh... off in the dark yeah yeah the dog is a very realize the next day i'm skipping over the long articles a good article the next day when he realized that he uh... he realized when he was cleaning his gun with two-spic dental tools the toothbrush and every one of them oil the firing ten of the carpet with he said i must have been with the toothbrush that the investigative a day county a firearm the uh... examiner says it's no way you could have damaged the five ring pin with the toothbrush he'll be whitewash to eventually sure no quiet by the way is there any update in there on those uh... private prostes who bring the right home now now that will be by next year will find the law forget about okay and the only other thing on the first page again my amy date took away fifty thousand grandfathers and the five you feel special to the show in the human movie and the f i use credit they're gonna continue to show it i don't know you get all of it read you got enough there for a week okay thanks okay part for the course part for the course baby take it away your money because you're showing a two-minute film there you know about those uh... companies to come in the only in the banana republic baby only in my amy see this kind of is wrong about one thing you said they'll forget about it not if they listen to the show they won't because i'll never let him forget about it that story i'm gonna mention it is often as i have every time it pops in my heed i'm gonna mention that i mean one of the truly nauseating stories that last couple years that's come down the pike this story about the uh... prostitute ring down there the cops from all different departments all over the day or park in their cars their morning new tonight and they were just going for a couple coffee okay and a biscuit a limp biscuit all of them are walked in with a limp biscuit probably walked out with a firmer one but nevertheless sixteen year old prostitute is lost prostitute as an evening time there's still running their god damn uh... john raids out there on this game boulevard federal highway up in rock same old craftsman going on for a hundred years not to mention of course the raids in the swing clubs can genny you asshole not to mention that but here they the cops the police to people at your pain your tax dollars to to protect us they're a horn out young girls under eight girls and that's okay and thanks to a bunch of real corrupt cops this all gets swept out of the carpet and the media has no no questions about it anymore i don't know if anybody else in the status as can a question about it all these great journalists we haven't as time well where is all the digging being done why doesn't somebody ask what what's the follow up on is what what was the internal investigation that we were promised it's a year later and the answer is there is no internal investigation there is no follow up and there is no more information because if you recall back a year ago when it was real hot and heavy news for a couple of days they were saying air read department in the county was represented by people who were customers well at least they were kind enough to come by and keep this uh... ring going you know they could have gone in frequent at somebody else's home and they didn't do that here's u-peter hello u-peter yes sir this is the book of the middle can you help me out of five six seven five sixty upon five sixty on a eighteen two line eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's Miami hello Miami hello yes sir i mean i'm giving you a call it actually it kind of piggyback time to uh... you kind of you're hot still living to the lack of a follow-up our media and whatnot um... i'll try to make this brief on the first time call or so um... i i you'll wear of what's going down in the home stead air force base how they have to turn over uh... the vacant air force space and that the Miami day is trying to uh... pretty much railroads and alternative airport in the home stead air force base i am i i i i reason why i bring it to your attention is because everybody that i seem to talk to about this nobody seems to have any kind of awareness about it here a club is made some kind of a splash like a new time to with uh... adds and whatnot but they don't seem to get across the most of the people and i was hoping that maybe you could address the situation and at least dig into it in the form of a big into it in a sense uh... just basically i'm not a need to provide mental is by any means and i don't need to come across as one i try to come across as pretty moderate pretty conservative yeah but um... what they're not having a few of humanity in the road you might sort of to avoid it but maybe not yet yeah exactly depends on uh... you know the velocity i'm traveling at a course um... just basically the the summarizes all things well yeah uh... the summarizes fact is that they're proposing to uh... build a new report commercial airport that we know we know that 230 thousand right thing is no need to be discovering any of this nobody seems to be in the okay can i can i tell you why i don't want to i want to go on to take this the wrong way unless you want to the reason being that nobody cares about homes that i mean no no no no listen to me i'm happy about after they hurricane anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail anybody with more than ten dollars in their pockets all moved out of their they're all gone there is nobody left there beside the few great pickers and uh... those pickers nobody cares about homes that i mean i don't want to be a lot of the field bad about that the nobody cares you have a meal i'm not concerned about that when i'm concerned about the skate national park and evergreen no but i can't talk about that either what are you serious yes wow i didn't expect that from you but i'm i didn't say i don't care about the environment i'm doing you do you would you like me to tell you that people are up in arms about this and they do care i mean there's a small handful of people who care about that but generally the public is not interested in that yeah or concerned about who wants to marry a millionaire in the the media that that i'm a certain you're laughing but that's the public that's what it's all about they don't care about the environment and it's very unfortunate i mean when you it's we have probably we have but we wake up in the morning one of these days and take our last gas before she here i'm maybe that it'll be important well yeah unfortunately you got to point there okay well good luck to palan just uh... it's your up twenty six after eleven five sixty q a s this is five sixty q a m q a m trots the clean flag with motorsport senator unique that the kz the lord right here on its rated five sixty two 8-in money down on the covers all the closed mint that first night in military Really? Just do hold on for painful pain. You know but grief is like thaturan is encountered. I refuse. I promise, okay. I'll pull offques. Now you're stuck there. You keep your hips crossed. But you keep your hips crossed. Then? I don't think that you have spoof on your Armstrong. But you're trapped. At that time, your mind is quite the same as lightweight moments. So, your bark's so high. It's a good coat, you know? Seriously? Yes, okay. Thank you Mr. Panson. Oh, my mom! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It was just a lady for next door. That's all. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I said, I'll get it. Just said, I'm shut up! Wait, wait. Now, they're a bunch of... I can't believe it. Well, hello. Hello, Mr. Panson. I'm a Lane Pressman. Just keep your voice down. Are you the escort? I know, sir. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm sorry, Mr. Crifkins. Well, what can I do? You won't work. I just wanted to walk in between my head. Well, the escort's not here yet, if you want to jump on on Charlie. Oh, no, sir. All right. Well, I'll sleep later, I'll leave. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. No, it's just another neighbor. You can make a food or what? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Days of door bells going crazy. Oh, let's go, let's go, let's go. Great Seaters, Ghosts. Hi, Benny! It's me, Marika! Good. God, all money. What do you think of my new bond? What are you doing here? Well, I bought that house mixed door with my shitty crane money. Oh, my God! We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000. No! It is nice to think that as usual, the only one in America who have answered a question, how come she saved that dress? What kind of a slut saved the dress with a come stain, huh? But nevertheless, don't confuse the public with the facts. Here's a fact and look at that foam, man. So I guess I'll just go down this whole list here. Yeah, kill some good time today. I mean, they got nothing to say. This has been a really rough week. But you know something to why here? Oh, because I got just two big fat ones in my pocket and text to Here's the fact that this is love your shows when popular music is discussed. See, and let me just interrupt the facts. It's great to discuss popular music because it's all subjective. Like they got to call them out Santana yesterday was all better shaped because he was right now was wrong. And the fact that Santana saw all those millions of this album and won the 800 awards the other night, that must prove that he's right, right? No, of course not. Because like I said about that Mariah Carey record, which I can't for some reason, I have a mental block. If somebody calls it again right now and tells me the name of that song where I carry it with you in 98 degrees by two minutes later, I'll still forget it. I never knew it because I'm embarrassed it because 98 degrees and at least Nick and Jeff can really sing anyway, especially Nick. But you never know it by that song and the song is just so bad. So bad. It's just awful. Yeah, yeah, it just spares. This is a new form of American music. Spas music. Yeah, yeah, it's the Lauren Hill thing. Just make a lot of that. It's out there. It's a few can music. So anyway, he says, below are the greatest artists during the following decades, you're in puts please. The 50s. Oh, I mean, the 50s. Listen, that he's got the top 10 from the 50s, 60 70s, and they 50s, does he have fat stominal in the top 10? No, I mean, sir or man or it or whatever you might be who factly this salist. You know, it is interesting. It is fun to talk about, but the top 10 recording artist of the 50s without fat stominal. I say, shame on user. He's got Elvis personally buddy. Holy, Franky, Simon, Frankie, Simon again. Maybe that's him guy. This must be the Frankie, Simon guys got his blow up. How's Frankie doing? Let's see him no more. The platters Bobby Deren, how's he doing? Rick Nelson, the moon glows, the moon glows. Is this man out of his mind or what? He must be talking about the clock of world flows. Then number 80s got Dion. Oh, yeah, the moon glows, sure, left it or Dion, right? Yeah. Lloyd Price and little Richard. Lloyd Price staggerly. Hello, we're all about Lloyd Price's other big hits by the way, and one other marginal hit, which I can't think of at the moment. Lloyd Price. Boy, I know it's a long time ago, sir, but you're a memory must be slipping bad. 60s, and here you're going to George is going to love this. Because these are the two groups that you and I always are arguing about are two individuals or whatever one group and one individual. And number one, he's got the beach boys, the number 10 Marvin Gay. Number one group of the 60s, the beach boys, number two, the Beatles. I mean, there's no question the beach boys are better than the Beatles, right? Oh, yeah. I mean, what what institution did this come from? Huh? But he's a very good driver. They got to wrote this fact. That's only just a very good driver. Number three to guess who the mama's end of Papa's number four. Oh My god, all those stains are brown on his facts that I'm looking at they're all brown. Five the temptations Frankie Vellian of foreseed and Simon and Garfunkel. Well, there's no question the mama's of the Papa's are laughing at Simon and Garfunkel. Supreme Jan and D number nine just enough you're head of Marvin Gaye by the way. Jan and Dean and Frankie Lyman. There you go. See, let's take one from each decade that makes this guy under like a walking silly person, a hyena. The 70s, he's in that best group of the 70s. The dooby brothers. Now I like to dooby brothers, but they're the best group of the 70s. Oh, followed by Chicago, Led Zeppelin Santana, watch it too many guy damn a Grammy award tracer. ELO Steve Miller band Peter Frampton the Beege's sheik. I don't even know who that is. Freak out. Oh, that's that. That's done. Laysheek. The freak. Layfreak by sheik. Just. Laysheak. Lay sheik of your freak of your back home. I don't know. I don't put them in the top 10. I like late late late. The freak. They freak was by sheik. What what else did they have? Good time. These are good time. No, they're still songs. Well, these are pretty good. Mostly wrote for other people. Now Rogers and. But they're only one not to head of the who. Yeah, he got the head of the he and he's got the sheik is number nine and ten is who. Oh, I think he meant sheik of Aerobee like with an S. H. And we know what's coming after the S. H. Yes, Smith. His top 10 group of the 80s number one. Oh, wait. You better hang on tight. Okay. You better hang on to your seat real tight. Number one. Fan Halen. Woo. Laysheek. Number two the cars. Number three. Pat Benetars. Number four. Blondie number five. Michael Jackson. Number six. The go-go is there you go. Oh, yeah. Number seven Madonna eight. Hall and floats. Number nine. Oh, this must be from a stud. Number nine is Prince. And number ten and again, excuse me for my musical ignorance. Number ten is Matthew Wilder. Who is that? He has a half a hit. Who is that? I never heard of Matthew Wilder. Was he a late late late late late late late late late late late late? Now. Sheik followed break closely by the who they were only one behind. And Janet Dean Marvin Gaye was right then there behind two. How's Marvin do it by the way? He late late late. Wow. Like I said, don't complain about this pasted American public because generally speaking they don't have any see him McDonald's baby don't forget the large fries. I'm guessing this is. I just want to hear that. I love it. Oh, man. Now, we're didn't he have them on the list or the behind it were behind like the monkeys. I'm surprised he didn't put the RGs on here. Hey now. No sugar sugar not hey now. Jingle. Jingle. Oh, that the beach boy is better in the guess who is what he says. I mean that that's it. Even you would know I love the guess of even you would make the odd days as common as much as you like your Brian Wilson blow up. 21 till noon on all music radio QIM. This is five 60. All right, okay. She fools the people when she's acting nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but Hillary Clinton is a soul as I. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm making a little baby I could be a man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mr. Julie Annie yelling as so. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now Rudy did you hear about this one. Where she stuck her bill at the punch. Rudy, what would you say to Clinton? Hey, ladies I struggling muchably he wszystkieI am extinglied in your stI , mod I'm in fire. 44555 and it seems the chai sin we have a bol I've been the book's to read six, speaking of hands by the way, let me just say this if he really did say that, which I have a hearty we've only had six hundred calls confirming it about Wayne. I mean does anybody remember Blockbuster Park and the state and he was going to build this as Blockbuster Park and all that for the Marlins, the baseball team to play in and Yati Yati Yati. Every dancing that he promised to this sports fans at this time basically others that bring in a franchise is in here. The Marlins and the Panthers other than that, every other thing that his promise is going on in toilet. Everything. And then even after he did bring a world series winner with a Marlins, then he sold off the whole team and screwed everybody and dumped it off to this Porsche Lubgeon Henry who thinks somebody's going to build a stadium, which he is crazy and he is nuts. So if you're a big fan of it, then people who have mercy on your soul. Did anybody know nobody called into Tel-Jords? Did anybody remember that Mariah Carey would join any of the reason? Even though when you tell me I'll forget in two seconds, I'm pretty embarrassed for this crowd. Now you want to hear some great music. Do you know what I'm saying? Do you want to do? I want to do. Because I'm high in the world. Thank you. Frecky Lyman and the Queen Adres. Okay. Frecky Lyman. I mean everybody remembers the great white of fools fall in love, but does anybody ever remember hearing? Thank you very much. Thank God I found you. One of the worst songs ever recorded. That covers a lot of territory. I'd rather hear the 1910 Fruit Gun Company. I'd rather hear the Archies. I'd rather hear sugar sugar by the Archies. I'd rather hear Dicky Lee and Paches than hear that guy then. What was it ever again? Thank God I found you by Mariah Carey Joe and Pony and the Antigreez who should have known better get on the stage with that bitch. I mean that is just the most incoherent bunch of wheeling and just, yeah, it just goes on and on. And it's number one. Number one single in the US of A. And then the 70s this guy leaves off his list of doors. And by the way, I mean there's somebody who's somebody who's going to go see his put on there, but you want to know another group he left out? From the 70s should be in the top for your full American. If you ask me, answer it. Here's some real neat vision by the way. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the boy one's going to get him out of it on. Jesus Christ. They're going to say the whole nation went from a 14-cut day. So they're trying to get him out of the city and he's got a name of song. Come on. What's that? Remember his name again? Oh, and then of course the best song of all time. Maybe at least one. Anyway, it's just, you know, our argument argue at our argue all day long, but to send me a list like this, I wouldn't even wipe my friend dog's ass with this. Yeah. He left them out. How can he do that? Let me even like that laughing party. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's coconut creak. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. What are we going to get some sports updates on your show? We're not. Why not? Because it's not a sports show. That's why, why do you want to hear what games are going on right now, sir? I want. Yeah. I want to. I want you out of my life is what I want. Remember that song? I want you out of my life. Remember me, New you. You dead dead vulgar piece of turd. What do we get into the sports updates? Go watch ESPN. Okay. Go stick your finger. Stick your finger to suck it. You moron. Go. He local that old fart. They'd call the yesterday from the morning show. What does that Murray? Go a local with him. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, no. That waits for a half an hour for that crap. Yes, sir. Yeah. I know. I know. I know. So, hey, listen, you want to know the name of the song. Uh, little. Got other phone. You already got it. You're already got it. Thank you so much. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I think you left off the rolling stones and Bruce Springsteen too. Rolling stone, Langley, Bruce, just blinks thing off for my part, but the rolling stones. Nice going. I don't moron made this list. Yeah. I'm surprised. You didn't have a monkey on it. Randy give. Thank you. Randy give. I think it is number 11. All right. Okay, see you. Okay. Five nothing suits their fancy day. Let's do some sports updates. What do you say? Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T. I got two stinking calls on his board right now. God, all money. That that call with Mitch Lewis the other day. He hit it right on the old record. Don't forget, Miguel and the QAM van will be at the Velsauce mobility in the Gables. 2299 Ponce between noon and one. Any second now. Stop by for great deals on Velsauce mobility products and win some QAM goodies too. And maybe something good for Miguel, you never know. Five six seven last call for response here today and then I'm playing my own music. Maybe I'll just play music while these artists he's got on the list. Maybe I'll play that Mariah carry song to get even with this audience until two o'clock. Here's a mobile in four mires. Hello. I need to do it. Okay. First thing, I think that Matthew well, to show a little bit break my stride on the and the idiot's list. Never heard of it in my life. I think it was cool break my stride also. Anybody makes a list of the best stars in the 70s without the Eagles or fluid match doesn't know what's rectum or look over on the doors exactly. Here's a mobile in four mires. Hello. Mobile in four mires is gone. Okay. That takes care of that and here's the maybe our last call. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Any high dose. Okay. I listen to the phone. Okay. But this audience again and into a deep, deep sleep. I must be a tough weekend coming up. They're in a deep sleep, sir. I got short material right now. I was talking about Mariah carry and Joe. Yeah. They also failed to fit another song. It was like they did a hip hop song with a rapper called Naz. I don't know if you're so familiar. But they did a remake of an old song. I can't really remember the song what they did but that song is horrible. Yeah. I mean, they song that. It couldn't be any worse than thank God I lost this or whatever there's no one. I mean, it is the I have watched that video until I mean they showed like every 15 seconds on MTV. It's one of the four videos that they ever bothered showing and it just didn't have to make you a puke that song. And I, you know, I'm a big, you know, I'm a big listener in the hip hop feel but once that when I saw this video and I heard it, I was just like I can't believe they even, you know, they even had the adaptability to remake a good song and make it crap the way it is now. Crap would be a compliment. In fact, the way it is, crap. That's an insult to crap. We're writing characters and she needs to pack it up and just like go to where. Put a thicker one boobin to get on the bus. Okay. Thanks. Probably be on the Grammys next year. Oh, doubt. Thank God I found you. Here it is. The right there. No comment. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile info on Lauderdale. Hello. Miles Davis was the genius. The bat. Yeah. Okay. Great. Didn't he do I can see for Miles? Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. That guy was an idiot. Leave off the rolling stone. But thank God you didn't complete his list in the 90s because you noticed he didn't have a list of the top 10 in the 90s. No, I think he's still working on the game 90s. Hey, did you see that list on VH? One of the top 100 songs of all time? Yeah, but I'm a well, you mean at the end of the year when I had this, all the list I didn't see what it was? No, one of all times that is backed by the song. No way. Yeah. But number two was respect by a rate of Franklin. Respect by your rethra? Yeah. See, this is another one of those establishment kind of the olds. You know, your rethra has got to be there in the top five. I'd like your rethra, but not not that. Two of all time? No. No way. I thank Neil. Okay. Thank you. I'd rather hear like my fire by Jose Feliciano and I'd rather quite frankly pick my nose for four hours in here that again. He was all right in this time. Everyone is saying the National Anthem on any of everybody got all been out of shape and he said, Jose, can you see? And he kept saying, no, no. No. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on a year. We got a dead crowd today, baby. I mean, dead. What is wrong with this town? What would it take? A new tron bomb? I've got them good swift kicking a breath of ass. I can't even get my finger on it over there. I'm so wound up with these guy in people this week. See, that this town is like ying and yang, but they never like their never in sync. Oh, did he say in sync? I'm sorry. I apologize. I had nothing to do with music, of course, because they sure don't. Oh, that this town is never in sync. When the phone is working and I'm feeling great, everything's going good. I got all my checks, my bonus checks, everything's going to rip and then these people there, they're dead. And then when we find to get some response, then the phone gets all screwed up. We'll go like that on the guy in phone and everything is falling apart of the scenes and they're got them O.G. at the golf tournament. You can never get like all the good stuff together with the same town. Not like for five minutes. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. I want sports updates. There's another station at the end of the time. Yeah, it's been 20, 200 on the down. You'll find all the up Chuck you want, okay? Not out there. Now they're building themselves. Their south floor is only 24-hour sports station. Great. You don't have any of them? Anyhow, something they still don't have any audience. And it's amazing. They finally, they've looked at them, but they finally get Jim Perion and a rest season guys I got off the air to put someone to get Hank from Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Have you heard of this guy? I don't turn that thing. I'm probably the one. John is a free current shot. He's like, for all on the bench during the daytime. Oh yeah. No, he's kind of a great time making a like a lot of shit. Yeah. If you thought mad dog was a homer, this guy makes mad dog seem like a jet fan. I'm going to tell you something again. I said it. I listened to it a couple of times when they first went on. That station makes amateur hours and understand. And they make the kids at Pike or High would be embarrassed if you ever compare them to their station. Okay. I mean, that is the most embarrassing, virtually the operation you could imagine. And they think that they're going to have an audience? Yeah, and I'll have to make it. They're making their push now, you know, to be competition. And if it would someone out with some kind of town there, you know, they go again, thank you. But I, you know, what in the, you know, they're not showing up any of the showing numbers at all. I bet enough as they go against the first team. Number six in this market, the first team out of like basically a five station market. That'll be the only time that they'll show. That's nothing will not. They're never going to show. Those who understand today have been on since August August September October November December five months. They're having had one diary filled out with their station on it. Don't you understand what that means? Curtains, audio, and have a nice day. See, this guy keeps knocking. If he's obsessed, he's listening to them. And he's told me that they're going to show up against the first team. Are they going to show up in the morning? Oh, the midday. No, the afternoon at night. And sockets. Easter Sunday. Good Friday. Bad Friday. No, no, no, they're not going to show up. Okay, sir. Get over it. I'm glad you have a good time listening to him. By the way, you love those two lives. That's what Scott Tondrex. Oh, five six seven and that bastard Bob Eisenberg, that Jack has done there with a moussey. A musk right on his head, boys. He and a soul are what Bob Eisenberg. Even an asshole. I'm glad you told him that Mark isn't really them because Mark seems like a pretty good guy. Thank God. Don't the blame him. You know, same name. Different family. Four minutes before noon at QAN. The Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixties. You a fan. Oh my God. Oh, I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. I'm glad you have a good time. Friday's fahibi festivals like Crawl AB. To our babies. We will defend Fernando Similar January and PSIs. UH. Uhh, give me, give me, Yah, we don't know how many you every you have. I got my wind those down on the hot summer day because the hazy don't work no way. We're sweating pressure velocity, starts to smell and gets the toughest work at all this time. I mean, I realize that the elegance we're no freaky lineman and that was the medley of their smash. But I could anybody say freaky lineman was maybe one of the best thousand singers of all time. One of the best 45,000, maybe? Yeah. Speaking of freaky lineman, by the way. Do you do? I do. I do. I love you, baby, and what do you do? Come on, baby, let's go downtown. Okay, it's the 12.0550. What, that was where that came from. Remember the flying saucer? Who the hell did that? The flying saucer? Come on, quick. I don't know, watching the new Alps. If you can, in a goodman, right? Or is that it? You can't in a goodman, the flying saucer. And they had the little Christmas. And he said, come on, baby, let's go downtown. That's where that came from. I never knew what song that came from before. Oh, broke up. Ryan is a god of genius. Not to the semiconductor. Different than anybody. Oh, nevertheless. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And how come you can in a goodman right out there for the 50s? Is that a long end of the list? No. How about Edden Buchanan and Ellen Goodman? Rest in peace. Here's Miami, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Did that guy have a aerosmith on his list? You know something now, I know why I'm so angry. I know he did not. Oh, I got it. How do you like that? I don't. No aerosmith. He's got the chic on their late freak with her chic, which the language you don't dare to speak. He's got that on her. But no aerosmith in a world of stones from the 70s. Yeah, I would often. I would throw Boston there in the 70s too, but that's just me. I put him ahead of the, well, I don't know about the BGs. I do like the BGs music. He just not supposed to make you like it, you know? Yeah, they're a good for your image. They have a good use of parties and stuff. Yeah. But speaking of remade, swell, Madonna, redoing American Pods. I have to make you cry. Oh, I have an American Pod. And closing John Henry, get behind the rest of the tourist muggers and wine. Okay. Bye. John Henry, he got a shot. Oh, he don't even have a shot like that. You know, Jimmy's got the head of shot and he's gone. This guy don't even have a shot. This John Henry. Oh, yeah, you know, something this is the first time in my life. I'll ever pull for Mickey Harrison. I hope he squashes him like a net. Look at God, then, media right from outer space, squashing a net. Hitting it square, let's in. Right. 560, 505, 60, Tom 560. Oh, yeah, that's right. Here's another one. Somebody faxed me from Port Charlottes. Matthew Wilder, one of the top ten and eighties. And no mention of the police, the police. Oh, I think we need to think is what we need to do to investigate who helps help set us this stupid fact. But nevertheless, he kills him good time with his crap. And did I mention I love that Mariah Carey saw. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I didn't catch the beginning of that list. Is that just the American bands? Yeah, well, no, the Beatles were in American bands. All bands, all over the universe. My opinion, I just think the best thing to come out of Canada's rush. Is it on that list? Now, he's not on here, but they don't allow fat people on the list. 560, 505, 60, Tom 560. Rush, this guy don't know from Rush. He don't even know from hunger, from aerosmith. And I'm going to take your Steve Tyler's pretty pissed off about this list right now. He's pissed. He's going to send his daughter over here and knock the crap out of you. 560, 505, 60, Tom, Moon, Glows and Lloyd, Price. This man has got tasted as to a shrack him. God. Oh. No, no fats, domino. No fats, domino. He's got the Moon, Glows. He's got Frankie Lyman. He's got Lloyd Price. He's got that fruitcake little Richard. A little too, too, the fruit even for me. No fats, domino. What about big moppers, big and big fat black guys who could send? Then. Here's Pompano, hello. Meal? Yes, sir. Yeah. How you doing? Great. Good. Lister boring meal. Yeah. Let me ask questions. Let's go to politics. Who are you going to vote for if you voted today? So, in other words, you're changing the show. You're in it because it's boring to you. You're changing the topic? Absolutely. No, you're not. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp. 5, 6, we're not doing list. We're discussing now. I read the list. Now we're having a discussion, which you're obviously incapable of doing. Okay. And I'm afraid that nobody wants to hear your rendition of Osu's Anna. I'm afraid nobody wants to hear that today. Why not hear it? No. That's real exciting. Who would I vote for if the auction were to everybody already knows that? I've already said it. And today is the 25th of February. Is the election today? No. No. So, we'll take a poll, okay? Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes? Yes, man. Hi. Hi. Hi. I'm calling on behalf of all the men in my office that make me listen to you all day. They force you at gunpoint? Yes, and I've kind of grown to like you. Well, thank you. And this one word for one particular man. What? What? Isn't that sad? Isn't that sad? She's surrounded by all her co-workers there and she comes on a year and says, Breakfast. Maybe she wants to go to that Greek festival. Let's be what that's about. Five, six, and all by the way, this is a nephew. He's going to kill me. All I want to at least is going to kill a lot of good time. Pumping two of these at the same time. Hi. This is Brett Hedichen. And you're listening to self-floor to talk to you authority. Neil Rogers. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I'm going to go to the church. I know how you can walk into the church. I see. I only walk through the church. It says, here's the church. It says, you take time. from that. That is hospital. What happened to hit points straight at your back home? Also, she says, P.S. What the hell is with this monkcraft? They've only won one game since the Schmidt has started. As a matter of fact, Mary there, in two but home since they started with a monkcraft. Monk played guilty to an indecency in Johnson City, Texas right on heels. And that will I figure it would be time if it right in so to speak. A monk played guilty to indecency with the child and was sent to 10 years probation Wednesday, less than a week before he was scheduled for trial. State District Judge Blifer Gilford Jones accepted the play entered by Samuel A. Green 55 known as Father Benedict. No relation of course to father old tool. I don't think. Charges against Green and another monk Jonathan hit. We're filed last year in stem from the wonderful keynote to the hitman. We're filed last year in stem from the actions of the following 14 year old novice monk studying at Christ of the Hills monastery near Langkau, Texas in 1997. Hit 38 known as Father Jeremiah also no relation to father old tool was convicted in October and sentenced to 10 years in prison. The victim test of body had had several sexual encounters with hit. In other words he was hitting on him. You said he didn't object to the advances on the advice of Green, the spiritual leader of the religious on clay. He said try it. You're like it. So there you go. So there's another good reason to be having those monks as a master. There are a lot of Peter files. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Real are you doing? Okay sir. Great so by the way, how about them Panthers? Yeah. Trevor kids kids played excellent together. Yeah, we want to game. Uh huh. Well, uh, it was like last night though. No, no, 94. Yeah, I was a good person. Coming back from injury like you did. I thought he was outstanding. It was amazing. Yeah. Neil, he's a favorite. I had with buddy of mine uh, turned me on your show. He's always talking about uh, the fangs in the church conversation and also uh, the motion in the basket. Yeah. Could you help me out and play one of those eventually? How about if I played in both? Great. That's the outstanding. Okay. Have a great day. Are you two things? There's no fact in the church. It works the lotion in the basket. There you go. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's this call in Milwaukee that's been sitting there on the L. I nine for uh, longer than the Coolds age. Hello. Neil, yes sir. Are you doing from Milwaukee, Wisconsin? All right. Uh, hey, I have a transplant from South Florida up here in the walkie now in my entire office now. Love you because I listened to you on the internet. All right. Like, who is this man? It's an asshole on a radio. Yeah. Well, they don't have anybody like you in Milwaukee. Not sure that. I sure you that. My, of course, they're drunk all the time anyway. Well, I was making. Yeah, that is true. That is true. Hey, but that's 70 list. Oh, well, they didn't have Jeffrey Domrock there for a little while, but he ate himself on a house and home. What is it about the list? Yes. What about the steamer band? That's on here. It's number six and the 70s on his list. Oh, there might be okay except for the fact that aerosomots don't on there. We need the red rolling stones, which shows you this is a bozo that sent these lists. Agreed. Agreed. Hey, Neil, can you do me a favor? Maybe. Can you do the Neil got something? No. We have a great day, pal. You got a Neil. See it. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the SCI. I've never understood. I mean, I know people say things by wrote, but when you say, have a great day and he says, you got a Neil. If I were what I'm saying, I mean, people say things that he's a good guy. He's in Milwaukee. He's had a lot of pressure. They drink a lot of really bad beer up there. A lot of pee water, but, uh, man. I just don't understand why people say things like by rope because we're conditioned. Not we use some of you. You're conditioned to say these things. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Happy, uh, party. I'm back to you. I didn't hear you mention Pink Floyd. Because it's not on this guy's list. You're kidding. No. And probably because I hate Pink Floyd, but beside that. Well, I'm not saying that. They put marriage matters. And everybody, what about, uh, I can't believe he said you don't like rush. I didn't say that. I'm really one of the greatest. How are you talking about the talk guys? It was a joke. Yeah. It was a little joke. Okay. I appreciate that. Thanks. Claire. Fine. Have a great weekend. And back to you. You got it. You got it. 56050505050 on the AT&T Wireless line. Out of town line. Ata, let's stop talking about this music crap. Okay. They got a couple before was right. The list are terminal. In fact, not only is the list bad, but the concept is bad. You spoiled my whole day, sir, with your crappy list and that frecky line in Swill. Jesus Christ and Lee Freak and Sheek, although at least I learned something today. I mean, I know my disco man. I know my Gloria Gainer, but uh, Lee Freak, I just, it's one of those things. The more you keep saying it now makes sense. You follow what I'm saying? And who gives a crap anyway? I'd rather talk about Mariah Carey and that really, really a bad record by Mariah and Joe Mama. 5605050505060 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's four Lodderdale. Hello. Four Lodderdale. Yeah, let me ask you get the list of what's waiting here. Is on that list? No. Have I creed? No. Thank God. Did I creed? Hate hate. Not did this like hate despise. You know, I'm seated. I think back in the 70s. Of course, I was starting in my 30s. Bombard inducing that favor the most popular band that I can remember. More popular than the Beatles, more popular than the Rolling Stones, but why popular than Arrow Smith? By a different group of people. Oh, in other words, uh, people are doing different drugs. Yeah. Yeah. What's up? Because I believe in you got to do a lot of drugs to like that music. Rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling, all if I didn't see the, because that was working on Zeta that one year. And because people's your head a, uh, he had a blow up Delphi, each member of the group. We had a place CCR like once every five minutes. That's why I don't ever want to hear their music again. But I thought it was all like good in the first place. But I don't want to hear it again. I was good weekend. And back to you. Although who stopped the way? And that wasn't too bad. Five six seven. Five thousand times. Why? Huh? After the first 25 minute times, yeah. Who stopped the way? And I said five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line eight seven seven. Yeah, but you know something that Santana, he was an innovator. Great. Talk about music. See music, pseudo intellectuals. That really, it's like movie, so any kind of suit. Oh, yeah. But what great direction and what great filmmaking and the shades of black and yellow and white and purple. Okay. Whatever you say. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pomp, we're talking about nuclear fish today. We're talking about political persuasion. We're talking about friendly persuasion by Pat Boone. Anything but that stupid musicalist. And I want to apologize to that real jackass that called about whom I'm going to vote for if you'd like some more today. He was a moron. But nevertheless, he may have had a point. This is almost as bad as a doggy list. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I think you just made the statement of the century right there. What is that? A music is pseudo intellectual. I mean, I like my own music, but I don't go up to my friends and I expect my nose up in the air and say, hey, you know, you don't understand the music. And exactly that's why I like how I said before. I made this statement because this is the way you're supposed to feel. Whatever you like, you're like, you don't, you don't want somebody else in explanation. You don't have to defend it. If you like to guide damn beetles, if you're like the carpenters, no matter what kind of crap you like, if you like it, do you like it? Absolutely. I mean, my girlfriend, my girlfriend likes habits, sorry. I can't stand. Oh, savage, garden, jeans. Oh, man. Wow. And I'm so completely opposite of me. I like the doors. I like black Sabbath. Right. You know, and stuff like that. Aerospace. Yeah, that's really, you know, like I like hard rock heavy metal. Right. Like, you know, the soft stuff. You know, she likes the soft stuff. Maybe that's why she hangs around you a lot. Anyway, and after you were talking about the Grammy's, I mean, and you were talking about like the new music today. Yeah, the Lord and Hilton, from everybody now makes those morning sounds and that's of course to be a song. I've seen a mind said that they call those twitch songs because there's twitch or something and I'm like, yeah, that's a lot of torture for me to just fit through that thing. You know, they ask something all of those songs ought to be torched and the people have seen them too. Absolutely. And I'm starting with Lauren Hill. What is it, Jim Romcronic? And Jim Romcronic? Jim Romcronic. Oh, okay. He's gone. What what does that mean? Jim Rom was on right now. Why do we be calling me if he's a Jim Romcronic? You got a spy report on it? Yes. He probably hangs out with Murray every day. Probably hangs out with Murray. So I'm just going to read you just a chronic caller who calls talks to us to the center of his own voice. So we don't play that game on this show. Okay. Bye bye. All the way. Actually, he was making some sense. Was he making any sense? No, I don't always talk about. Hey, listen, we're just here to help you get through the day every day five days a week. That's all we can do with this. Now, we're not going to change the world. We're not going to change anybody. We're not going to change your mind. We're not even going to change your underwear. All we're going to do is the best we got Dan can. That's all we can do. Go out there to a champsamer, a conner restaurant, 64 or one north end, we're seven and four lottery between now and 130 and your last chance to get tickets to the third annual. New times international beer festival happening tonight. One of the QM vans is there and the other ones at the Bellsophability in the Gables, 2299 Ponds, which maybe they don't have as much stuff to give away. I already don't know. But Miguel is there, which makes it worthwhile to me. Stop by for great deals on Bellsophability products, wins the QA and goodies from now to one o'clock at that location. And maybe we'll have to be here for more of it. If we only had about 100 vans, we wouldn't have to do a show. We're here to meet all the goddamn van locations and do a bunch of hits every day. Rhymeswood Schmidt. 26 past noon. Oh my god. 26 past noon? That list. That was the guy was right. That just killed me. It put me into a whole different frame of mind. I feel suicidal at this point. I'm ready for a goddamn Snickers bar. I'm sure he's breathing. I want to have children someday. I just hope that his voice deeps tonight. Just in, they say I have twins, but I'm not what you with, not true frozen sun will survive. All right. Here up to date. Don't let your ways. We're not just getting into all my mind. We're not just getting into all my mind. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. We're not just getting into all my things. This is more important. I don't know why it's more important. But it's just more interesting. Like on the gun control, one you know will be overwhelming the favor because anybody with a brain wants to go gun control. But our poll question that they do consider yourself exclusively heterosexual, exclusively homosexual, bisexual or not sure. You'll have what I put the not sure category in here. We've got one already. We have 75 votes, 57 exclusively heterosexual, 13 exclusively homosexual, four bisexuals. And I want to say one I got a buy it and one not sure 75 votes. New Rogers.com. Yes, see the not sure is why one of the male and female breakdowns. This isn't a trolling poll. Your amusement and phone numbers will do that some other day. This is a survey. We'll do the trolling poll at a later time with the shoe size and other things. Other sizes. 560, 50, 50, 50, 2560 on the AT&T line. Here's Oakland Park. Oakland Park. Hey, you almost blew my ear out of it. Yeah, this phone thing again. But a few more days this phone thing will be gone. We got a brand new one. Okay, let's get serious. Okay. Let's get down to the media. It's a beastly spad. You know, these Texas people clearly understand this market. Last night or night before I asked, I was good to listen to Phil. What did I get? A rerun. I got a bill. This morning I got up and I thought, well, before you came on, I'll listen to Phil. Are you sure? Yeah. A month old rerun. These people, you know, they've got seven, seven stations down here and it's all crap. Right. That's absolutely correct. But at least they're consistent. Oh, no. They're going down here. I hope they go down the pressure. I mean, they're middle name is crap. That's what I'm hearing. The only thing I listen to now is you and we've gone back to PBS. It's that bad. Okay. God bless you, sir. Thank you. I'm having a great day. Yeah, I hear a lot of complaints about that. Even if people are want to hear Phil, are you positive? And of course, it really has many different. That's a station that's got fractions they could, but gee, I told it is before a Pete bulger could put Moses, Jesus, and Buddha, and Allah on the year. All of the same show together. It's still not break a point five share. That's the kind of genius he is. Pete pardon me for while I'm rooting your life bulger. And he's still there. That's the best part of a whole deal. Here is a man who has failed how long ago. It's like what three years ago. We were passing three and a half years ago. The morning show there, a gigantic flop, Ron and Ron, to the humongous flop. Big fat flop. We were doing great in the beginning. And then, of course, that started tailing off around the ten of the whole station went into crapper when we had that contracting negotiation. And everybody was suicidal. And then we were like holding on by a thread. And they're still holding on by a much smaller thread. And then at night it was like off the air basically. Air, air, and then they switched from passion to queer channel, and to keep the same losers in their running the place. And it's worse now that it was then. They don't have one single day part. Persons 25, 54, where they break a one share. Where they're around infraction. Thousands of times. Why do you think they call it stupid talk for pride on life? And then they can put it up guys like that. Tony call we had yesterday. They got it's plugin Liz Wild. Remember that guy? Just like they got it. It's given me the story with a fan before. Oh, they're terrible. And he's given me the whole lineup. You know, Ron to clock. He's the one that's listening. I'm going to say it again. And I'm never could say this too often. The sports nerds are the most lifeless, the most pathetic, the most embarrassing. And we don't thank God Ron here. You give you a four hour break. I don't want anything to do with those sports nerd people. Oh, couldn't you do some sports up there, cheer it up? No. No. How do you think they're going to do it? No press conferences. No sports up there. No crap. No. Hey, Captain, we know this goes. Learning a pan of a last game in week night. Only on sports, bring you five, six, eight, and. Running back to Canada providing you with a little bag ofelt's. Music. Music. Music. If they just go slow You lay on your inner tube is waiting All you have to do is go half-bomb You paddle up and head yourself and stay hot to your mind So go back to Havana, it's only 90 miles So go back and see, catch up, buddy on your brand new I love you as the energy You fly on in a tube to go back to your own It's also you can see your daddy and both brand month and that's all You fly on in a tube to go back to your own You can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see your daddy and both brand new and you can see is there anything you kars anymore Nobody were pube can come in all ready and the local news media doesn't still haven't come on. We don't care. We don't give a crap. We don't want and that's not another word about it ever. Here's more. Hello. pineapple bFF radical tell you how muchI sympathize with you has listed your show yesterday and the guy calls and about Cargos and Kanna what's innovator is yes nothing any yet . I'm eleven guy who was pissed off because my taste isn't the same. Yeah, I just couldn't believe he got mad at you. Look at that said taste this. Exactly. And I mean, you meant to know just for over years, that he's been dead since 93. Who? I'm just a govye. Oh, I know that. Yeah, he's been dead since I know you were asking if you was dead or yet. But yeah, he's definitely dead. And what we always liked to double check. Carl Santana couldn't hold his jogs trapped as far as music should go. I mean, and that's just my opinion. Yeah, but I'm sure he should go. But it wasn't going to be winning any Grammys either. So what difference is it making? Oh, that was a big difference. That was a big difference. He was usually a good lot of Grammys. I probably have some category for that on. I think that was like his last for off in Tandy. What did you like 85 years old? 10, 10. He hasn't put on an album in like 25 years and he can 13. Right. Go figure. Anyway, that's all I got, buddy. OK, thanks. But they do like the fact that, well, he likes those Santa Rear rituals. He likes choking a chicken on the front lawn. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T while his line. Oh, but he's a he's an innovator. But you're not the, you know, you're rolling your eyes. And it's the same thing with you. Did they write music? And it doesn't make any difference. That's got nothing to do with producing, with making music, with making sound. A singer is not necessarily a musician. Right. That's correct. And they awards aren't for the best musician. They're for the best song, the best vocal group. Right. We're talking about singing. Making sounds. The best penis is obviously for. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Count five, 60. You called that a penis? On the AT&T wireless line. For all over the world, all over the universe. That this company put in a great expensive. Believe me, they're not too happy about it. Although they are happy that it doesn't ring too much. 877, 785, 63, 45. Only call we had a thing from the West Coast all day was that red neck. Right off the bat from Naples that. One freezer over there. Oh, yeah. He's just making the rounds that gunsqueez and Yahoo red neck. I feel so sorry for you. Living and breathing civilized people on a West Coast of Florida. I mean, we talk about this place could use a bunch of transplants. Forget it. You people on a West Coast. Why not your ship all the Yahoo's on on bus loads and we'll bring some living and breathing people over there on a West Coast. And maybe some of us might even come over and check it out. Did he say check it out? Oh, my God. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yeah, that's Hollywood. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm a Red Zeppin' gun on the list. Yeah, it was. What was the job in the West Coast? It was on there. All right. He's not doing that that bad. Okay. The fact that he left off the Rolling Stones and Aerospace as long as he had the Led Zeppelin which disguise like, and by the way, anybody know who that song was that I've got. No, then I tell you? No. That did you write down a guess? Yes, and the Lady on two has a guess. Oh. Well, thank God for that. Yes, who? Here's a lady, mobile, and sunrise. Oh, hi, Neil. Yes, man. I was wondering, did group that you played earlier? Right. Is that the new group that there's three guys? I think it's called Youngstown? No. Oh, I thought that was it. Could they think it didn't do anything to think or backstreet? Because it's the same old thing. I'm curious, yeah. Same old. Yeah. But I thought it was that Youngstown or James Town. I don't know what they're called. My daughter's not the bad one. No, don't. I don't even know who that is. Well, there's three. There's so many of these punky little groups now. You got five and you got four and three and two. Right. And then you got that S club seven and S club 69. I mean, there's so many. You can't keep track anymore. Well, three was taken. So it's three, three dice bigger. They just picked Youngstown or James Town. Something like that. Yeah. Maybe after the James Town murder, you have that one. That might have put them over the edge. Okay. Thanks for your time. Bye. Bye. Nobody's going to know who that is. It's great song by the way. Even though George doesn't like it. See that? That's why I'm a police. If I know the R&T, it's better than smooth. That's smooth song by Santana and Rob Thomas. It's a knowing. I mean, it's not just a song. I don't like it's a knowing. It's just, oh, it makes my skin crawl. I've only seen it 70,000 times. Luckily, though, you put it together. It doesn't amount to too many seconds because boy, I can. I can surf those channels real quick. My finger can move real fast. You know what I'm saying? Correct. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a pay phone and the gables. Hello. I heard you. Yes, sir. This is a member of the group. This is a winter tour. What is it? How did this go? If you are a fan of this, the winner. Oh, some jackass in the audience. I don't know. It's anonymous. Of course you don't think anybody put their name to that. Do you? I would. Man, rush. Right up to the year number one. Right over one. Yeah. Dr. Lorna too. Come on. I mean, the music is great. I'm going to tell you something, sir. When you hang this phone up, they should give you $30 in change. Come through that thing. That's how bad the quality of this phone is. For really? What's the pay phone? Hey, bro. But the new explainer goes, come to rush. I like it. I'll look, what's right? Didn't say I didn't like rush. I made a joke out of it. Right away. I'm going to be the correct. There's Canadian A, what's not polite there, Canadian. But then again, so San Maurice, so nobody's perfect. Hey, what's right there? Yeah. For example, it's a free wheel. I thought so about it. It's really a bootcraft. Yeah. Yeah. You should go to the airman. Okay. How about R.E.M. Hey. All right. Okay. See. By the way, did you ever see talk about mincing floating queens? Did you ever see the video losing my religion? Yeah. Michael's a stite. That is named. Yeah. He's a mincing queen. Oh, man. I had never, I would love, I mean, I've had their music for years. I love their music and that song especially. But I had never seen that. But have you ever seen that video? Oh, yeah. Wow. Nice. Anthony. There's, there's just talk about float away. Remember just fade away by buddy Holly? This is kind of takeoff on it. Just float away. Maybe Ellie, I'm could listen to that. Take a little point of her, too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line, R-E-N, baby. Pretty good. So a bunch of queens. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Tamarack. Where the wish? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Sound like he had a mouthful of Smith to me, didn't it? He must not know how to attack the blue fair. I think he started a teamer with you, X-May. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On the AT&T wireless line, all the way does. He doesn't make it good point if I get to get this damn thing to move here. One moment please. Where the hell is that? Where is the good is? Yeah. Not too good pal. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. We have to be purple. Not on there. Not on the list. No. You're right. Heep. No. Not on the list. You know, the reason Andres to go via this and so. Enough albums or enough, uh, a compared to Carlisthenthana. Is because he probably doesn't look good in tights. That might be a plus to fact he's been dead seven years don't help either. Yeah and you know classical music will see copyright sort of stuff. Yes. Carlisthenthana, he sure turns me on. Yes sir. And I robbed Thomas. I'm telling you if you stuck his tongue any further down his throat, it would've come out his rectum. Carlisthenthana, J. Lennel, that's many went up to Hoj and his half the law. And you can see that bright shanning ball splot. Okay. Love you Neil. See. Nice going Carlisthenthana. Not too bad for guy celebrating his 123rd birthday today. His 120th birthday today. His 120th birthday. You turned 560. 560. That's 60. Hey, if you like Santana, you got a lot of company out there. Like I said, there's a lot of people that would rather have vanilla than rocky road ice cream. You eat them and allow have the rocky road. Thank you. Be my guest. These people like getting into a bit of a bit of a slight split. People with sports teams. Oh, you know, like you go to football game in his town. And if you're not doing it, don't like the right team right away. They're going to blow your brains out. Talk about juvenile and ass of nine. I mean, if you want to kill each other over religion, they've been doing that for a long time. Not over some stupid record or, you know, crap like that. Although if you don't like that record, I played a little while ago. That's the use sweetheart. So who sang it? Yeah. Very good. I mean, you know that was that just a, That was my, uh, very good. Your judge is right on top of it. Of course, the fact that the picture of the group is on a wall back here might have been a constant, like, my close my eyes. That's the negative image. And it's a good thing that you need all that picture down because they were floating away a little bit last time I took a peek. I used some text. I'd say three out of five ain't bad. Okay. The other two, you can have them. Okay. So before we do the ID, George and I, not sure if they, this is very important. If you really want something delicious, and it's got to be like full of carbohydrates, but something that will make your lips pucker up, no, not that Miguel. But oval team right out of the jar right from the hole. Oh, my, you can suck on that all day. Don't you kill a him. My heavy, going on a day. It's the bomb to two hours. I think. There's a lot of pasta. Just can't flush two days. Too much shuffles. Some of those top four hydrates plugged my ass away. Welcome. But since the found new Rogers, the doctor actin's food. I can take at least 15th day, bad I get the scoop. And can you feel the change tonight? You really feel your best. It's another to make fat, fat, go burger. Shit on to where you am. Can you feel the change tonight? How your Jesus turned. Listen to me. You make that fat, fat, monologue. And grab her electric worm. Yes. You sit to know to make the fat, fat, monologue. Get her electric worm. I'm sure that's just what I'm sure of. You said that must be okay. We're still debating that one. Yeah, I think he was shedding the pound. Well, it's timely. You know, between Elton John, I'd be a sharing whatever it is name is. And the Eccon seminar yesterday with all these other big big shots. Dr. Dean Orange, I don't know. Dean Orange, she just so they're important. You know, and of course, Dr. McDougle, he's a ball of fire. And then Dr. Racken, he's the most boring of them all. And they're all sitting around there, and literally, like that. You know, trying to pedal a lot of books and stuff. 560, 50560, pound 560. I think I'm going to go home and suck on some oval things. Well, I haven't had that in years. Wow. And you know, it's also real good as those things that are made of egg whites. You know, those little hard, what do you call those? The meringue meringue, those little things. What do they call those? Oh, my God. They're real sweet and just, oh, I don't remember what we had those from all. I should look. I said, forget about it. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, in regard to that guy who's called before who's compared to like a real chronic to me. In regard to that guy, let me say it again. This sounds like a real chronic to me. It is 560, 50560. See, I'm not interested in chronic. So, I can't really pull my finger on which one you are. But just hearing like two words out of your voice makes my skin crawl. Okay. So have a great life or not as the case, maybe, whichever you prefer. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18 and leave the chronic to the sports nerd shows. Okay. We're not interested in chronic on issue. Are we? No. 24 years. And we still got people that were calling 24 years long that we can't get rid of. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling about these rehabilitation centers that these athletes go to. Do you have you heard of any success stories? You're talking about like the role strawberry. I mean, draw that. That could be one. You got like, like, spam or sea sales drugs. But I guess he doesn't go to rehab centers for things like that. Yeah. I mean, when Mark Dupor, I guess he didn't have to go to rehab for pedaling drugs. I don't think he had to. I mean, he had to. Then he McLean had a little, those prominent, of course, he went up swimming all those people in business. He's back in his slammer. So I guess he was in a wrong rehab house. I mean, Pete Rose doesn't have a problem with gambling and a Darryl strawberry doesn't have a problem with drugs. And all these guys, we just keep rewarding. And why don't we have to listen to this and just, you know, just, well, let me have people like any capital in our station defending Darryl strawberry and saying he was only hurting himself. Not hurting anybody else. I heard Hank talking about that yesterday. That's the most ridiculous excuse in rationalization. How many chances does some scumbag have to get? How many chances do you get in life? I think people find to get tired of your crap. Wasn't Darryl framed this time, though? Oh, that's true. I forgot about that. I can't get over these framing. Yeah, somebody's stuffed it up as knows as what I'm hearing. Well, there are some successful rehab places in Massachusetts or something. But the ones in Florida and New York and I think the best one is that one where they send the priest out into Mexico, I think that one works real well. You know what I'm talking about? Uh-huh. Yeah. The priest, yeah, the nice thing about the Catholic Church is that if you do something in Miami, they'll send you the things, Louis. That's right. But you see, at least you won't do it here again. Okay, have a great life, pal. Call from Naples. I feel like that. And that guy didn't sound like he was going out. He said anybody like our first tables called this morning and that wild redneck. Wow, a second amendment, say. The second amendment doesn't say a goddamn thing about crazy redneck. The next Enable's Florida shooten up everybody. Doesn't say a thing about that. And he couldn't debate the point I made, which was a very good argument if he asked me and I'll say, Yeah, I was pretty good. Oh God. I'll tell you that. And that is if the Constitution is the only thing we go by, it doesn't allow Congress or anybody else to limit the age if it's an absolute right of all Americans. Then little kids should own guns, too. I'm sure the guy would say, good idea. Good idea. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, regarding the guessing of the band. Yes. 90 degrees. 98 degrees is wrong. Okay. Then the second thing I wanted to talk about in the 70s was, was Alton John mentioned. And that list. That's right. Not even on the list. Very good point. What a bozo. You know something now you understand why he said it anonymously? Would you put your name to a piece of direct like that? Not at all. No way. Okay. Thanks, pal. Let me speak in a Belt and John. We just heard that thing from that cornball movie, The Lion King. The sign always the Jewish movie, The Lion King. The fifth year of song. Yeah. What? And it's not interesting by the way. We've got this one group of young punks. They'll never admit to like it, Alton John because he's a foul. Oh yeah. What do you look at me like that for? How young. Six. No, seriously. I would say like from a lot of no teenagers to like 30. There's a whole group of those people will absolutely will tell you Alton John that they had one of them with the music because he's a fag. And they would say, Oh, there was no other fag music again if I played Alton John. Can't great. Or at least he was. He is. He's still great. Did you hear the thing from the soundtrack you didn't see that? No. And the performance he did that for a little bit. We've got it. Well, he did and I know the back street boys. They didn't overwell. That they were like in the background. They were standing in a hangover of piano and he kept squeezing none of the piano there. Squeezing their parts. But it was great. And he was live. You'll never see him. Let's think. I'll guarantee that. He's that's the different writers. Let me tell you right now. You see a group for a performer who lives. I mean, unless it's a situation where they're like doing a lot of dancing and who she who whatever. Who routinely lives things, which does this appoint me a lot about the back street boys because they do live sync a lot. And if you're in the Carter that's the thing of the night, I think you'd understand why they lives sync a lot. I mean, I like their music. But they're like they're recording studio group. It's basically what they are. So even George you didn't hear him. What I just said, but he would agree with that. Yes. But 98 degrees, even though you don't like him. But they sing. They never lives sync. And they can sing. Acapella was music or whatever. They can really sing. One. I just could use that as an example. Okay? I'm just using it as an example for get about those groups. I'm just talking in general when somebody just remembered. Okay. And you'll never see Hilton. John look sink. She 68 Smoke. So move back. Please. And anybody who can play anything at the same time? Yeah, not too much and his great penis ability. That's that. Well, that's what Billy Joel was talking about was the apenist thing. He said he's one of the great penis in history, even better than that John penis used to be in the QM sales department. He's still here. He's gone. Oh, and what was the guy? I don't even know the guy's name there left us today. What does his name? Does he want? Our sales guy that left today. Oh, it's a sparky. Oh, sparky. That's right. Old sparky. Bye, bye, old sparky. You won't see him no more. Well, this sales, this sales department man. It's like a spinning like a cradle in heat. It's just like a top spinning and spinning and spinning and spinning it is one up like a goddamn snare drum. Man, they're flying out the door. Jim, man, it's tough sports. We can't write these. Sports, we can't write these. We're 60, you say? He's Friday, you wear spoon. Yeah, if I would step my tongue down your throat, would we be treated on the front page? There's no sense out of fire. Yeah, I just like to try your own to bring your lips and rings. Yeah. You don't have to, to, to take days down on me. Back in your breathe, a no-dera hole in my hand. I just have no love and muscle so they even check out my other hands. I, I, I, I, I, I. I know you don't look like a power but a lie can't. Oh, but I know you don't look like a power but a lie can't belong to you. Yeah, I know you don't look like you. Oh, but I know you don't look like you. Oh, but never thought ever Ipod to say that then someone had been a lonely animal. Yeah, I know a fair, I know. A Jerse with the show with she's my lie canter. Oh, to, for all of that I know, which lady likes a blow. When a lie canter. Oh, but never thought it. I know, with what's answering and must meet the member lie can't help. Welcome toetti Android Soni and I'm so proud to welcome you back. early morning earlier to that. I'm in the show with a 2645millorald Wildcats and the Miami Huracc respecto a chance. All right. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I wonder how Wayne Wright's doing that. I'll be in Michigan. Maybe I've seen him lately. Oh, I bet he's dead. Wouldn't that be something if he was dead? Here's a Pemor Pines. Hello. Okay, sir. First off on that list, uh, there was Marvin Gaye on there by chef. Yeah, he was number 10. Beachboys were number one. He was number 10. Uh, at the Beachboys. I don't understand that. They were both the Beatles on this guy's list. He's got his, uh, Michael Blowup Bell. He's pumping it right now. He's a joke. I think he wanted, uh, you know, being that movie. I think that's what it is. Probably. Well, but, uh, anyway, you're talking about Hank. I don't know if you got, I know you've had a few compromisions about what Hank was saying yesterday. Yes. Absolutely. Sickening. I mean, really. I mean, so, so other as he didn't just make a passion comedy with something. You know, he was not your saying. He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, was the contract brought up about that about Henry and everyone done. Then he makes the comment that, you know, all the owners and everyone got the heat thanks to, you know, he's the straight shooter and every going that. He tells you exactly. Be so nice. I thought about Peter North if he wants to talk about that. I'm sure they're not waiting. Uh, but, uh, you know, he was saying, you know, he'd be so, said you got a cell team. You can get road policy does that. You know, I know that. But I guess Hank has selective memory. You forgot about that. Well, come that you were playing earlier about the, uh, the rental center. Yeah. The rental center in about Blotbuster park. And he was going to build his own state. Even it was going to be all part of this big Randy Osplan and then he sold all his blockbuster stock and the tears were running down his cheeks while he was counting the money. I mean, he's lied every step of the way to the public here. And then I guess he forgot to think he said in parade magazine or whatever my traffic, whatever was about he's not in it for the fans. He's in it strictly for the money. And basically he could give a crap list about the fans, which he's proven over and over again. Exactly. I mean, I think, you know, he's got a good bull progerator to and, uh, and Henry, you know, Henry's going to do exactly what he did. You know, he's going to just, you know, why? John Henry's a pimped. Don't don't you understand? He set this guy up. He can face all of a bill of goods. He convinced him that he was the bad guy Wayne and a John Henry would win the good world of the public by not being Wayne. And then all he had to do was buy the team and give him a big shout at it and that everybody's coming and build him a stadium. Yeah. I think, uh, I think Henry got the shaft like, uh, as a case said. Well, they looked on. And no, one last time. Welcome live. Okay. Long show. 567. 0560 pound, 560. I think 18th, the wireless line. Oh, God. See, this is what happens when dolphin season ends in South Florida boys and girls. This is what happened to get really the word is desperate. Even though we don't discuss it here on a show, there's still this like vacuum. There's this like somebody reached in and pulled half of your kishkizat like when you dog dies, something like that. Yeah, that dog you liter. I was talking with people about that yesterday. So dogs, just like the point you made, they kick up the kishmuts behind them. Yeah. Can't you just see all that litter. And of course, whatever is in the litter too, it's probably flying around too. Do they also sell plastic for your furniture? Maybe that's where they got that term. Kick up who you're Jews. 567. 0560 pound, 560 on a 18th, the wireless line here. Here's a mobile and sweet water. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Let me ask you. Let me tell you something. No one apparently has caught about saying what a bitch rose your old donner was with Whitney Houston. You see that? No. Really? Well, probably Whitney turned her down. No, no. Rose, you were saying, oh Whitney, a low-hawk. You know, they caught some drugs or something in her suitcase. Right. And some people are saying that Whitney Houston during the performance at T.G. He flipped their off. Yeah, I heard about the one. Yeah. Oh, well, no. I thought, don't you think it was well deserved? Yeah, but I mean, Rosie shouldn't have done in front of everyone. You know, because Whitney, you know, because you, you know, it was there. It was a joke. Okay. It's a joke. Okay. Light enough Whitney about two shades will be good. And additional which if I as much as I despise Rosie, oh, Donald, if I have to pick between her Whitney Houston, no context, I'll take that fat bitch Rosie any day and I despise her Whitney, they ought to send her eyes to Houston and the rest of her to Uranus. Okay. Get around my life. Can't sing for Smith wailing disgusting obnoxious with a nauseating husband-slides boyfriend slash abusive, whatever it out. Piece of crap he might be. Fag. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pond five, sixty of course he's a dice. So I shouldn't be married to a fag. Make sense to me at G.ing. And Yang bounces out. Maybe they'll have an Asian kid. Here's a call and saying, Peter's brewery. Hello. Hello. Yes. You're speaking. I admit, man, I get a good statement story for you real quick, the legend of that everything's alive and well in Tonella's county. This woman had a, uh, brought her neighborhood of court for having a, for building a spot to close to her fence. So the neighbor in turn, uh, sued her for having her dog, her own dogs, Schmidtman, her backyard. Yeah. She, she lost the case. So now, in her own backyard, her own yard man, the judge ruled against her in, in clear water. Now that she cannot have her dogs Schmidt and her own yard or you should go to jail. Great. Isn't that great? That's typical. Just this is a fine. Well, we're a West Florida. Yeah. You got that right. You know, have a good weekend. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Anybody just said no. No. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pond five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. In fact, I think there was probably one of the highlights of the evening. If she really did, uh, she and Whitney were and Whitney took to Roth. Or maybe it's just like a little signal for hey, may you want this later? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. I thought that was a V for victory. She was doing five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pond five and sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, man. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. All right. Um, I got, um, the bush family. Um, I get a little story of my um, uh, uh, drugs running the family. One of my, uh, friends. Okay, great. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pond five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's the call on Core Givals. Hello. Core Gavals. Aah, I knew you're. I want to call a talk about uh, when I think of the same guy that's uh, not going off from a Renoan extension, that's great. The great owner of the Uh, my meat often the same guy that's why not get offered Dan Marino a contract extension he's not the worth his time anymore what do you think let me just say this to don't you people understand Dan Marino is finished he's done he's history he puts 17 years and he puts but you know something's supposed to put 100 years in he's done nobody plays forever he's finished sir give it a rest I don't want to hear any of the sports nerd crap it makes me want to barf he's all done and this is the way in of course it was done very cumseyly just like the thing with shula but a clear they couldn't come out and say we're firing shula so instead all he's retiring and let's call an NFL films and make a little presentation and the speech and let's pretend that we're really letting him resign he wasn't resign he got his as fired because everything this organization does is clumsy but please don't don't start giving me a sorry to dance is whining about Danny deserves another 10 goodbye Danny you were great and if you're too stupid yourself to be tearing hang it up with a time is come then I feel sorry for you okay you're not going to miss any meals don't go out like a clown like a fool just say thank you I'm retiring I'm hanging it up thanks for all the good times and all the money especially and up yours and that's it say goodbye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty see and that's another thing it's far beyond for me to defend Wayne but when a guy is too stupid to voluntarily say I'm retiring right now what choices the organization got but put him in a position they're like wow I gave him a chance to bring him back at last money and they don't want to they don't want to that's right they don't want you back and if they thought that there was any chance don't you think that if they believe that there was any chance that he could pull his magic for the next year they would have him back but they don't don't you understand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello yes hey Neil how's it going great I take it you watch the those worthless Grammys the other night I saw some of it I can't tell you the truth I mean I haven't watched the Grammys in years and all and the other night was the first time and a thousand years I've watched the Grammys because I've just so disgusted with the music these days I mean did you get a look at this this this band of thugs that walked up there these black people from Philadelphia one had a comb in his hair and then the other lady had had something up in her hair it looked like she could grow spiders in there and what the hell is music come to yeah I mean it's disgusting and then you get you get you're right you get what you used to who can't sing it sing you know she could barely wine she'd married that thug it's it's a bunch of whoooms up there we only these in person sitting on sitting in that in that audience what's thing the only decent person sitting in the audience was thing what's thing that was it really he's a person looking at the guy like Andy Garcia he's all right okay okay five six seven oh five sixty prime does anybody have any idea what this man is talking about including him oh no twenty six after one and five sixty wcum you can kiss my rear end hmm you hear? oh and oohcheers I've been a pain, I've been a pain Now I can't stop, keep on this journey Now I can't stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop I've been a pain, I've been a pain, I've been a pain I've been so high, it makes the door, I'm left with another side of the door I've been a pain, I've been a pain, I've been a pain 132 is too much, I've got a lot of time to fill like all these TV shows Now it's called Making Mountains out of Mola Hill So every little thing that comes along We've got to make it into a big show, it's like Diana Ross It got fresh and she didn't like it, and he threw airport in London Yeah, they squeezed it a little bit too hard and her boob too Or whatever, it used to be there And so Larry King's got to have her out for a whole hour And she's got to go through this big side of the country And she's got to go through this big side of the country But it was just moved along to the line like anybody else Bitch and cut the crap 5605, I'm not kidding for 98 chain looking to bad Diana 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Here's Tom City, hello Tom City Hey Neil, you're mentioning the carpenters So while back they made a song that if you're not prepared for it We'll induce immediate dry heaves If you ever heard God bless the beast in the children Sure, all this is pathetic From the movie, yeah Yeah, that's got to be in the top ten worst songs of all time I think number one I have to go with that song Wile Fire for my number one Wile Fire? Oh yeah Yeah, the girl will have the horse and the back The worst song of all time is smooth by Santana and Rob Thomas Oh We'll stay just got through with the video I've had my hands over my eyes until I was safe Well hey, I was at the music store the other day And I picked up the security carpenters CD And her pictures on the edge Okay, thanks The age of the CD 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Here's a mobile and North Miami, hello Neil Yes sir Yeah, I haven't been listening to it Unfortunately Did you talk about that kiss with Santana? Yes, it was mentioned yes Oh, okay, I'm a little bit tired So what does that mean? No, I thought it was very nice But what does it mean? It does a mean and maybe that more than friends Or maybe they're more than a group And how about when you're a peon because each other Does it mean that they're more than friends? Yeah, but this is America, it's not European crazy Well, they're in Santa Ana, he's not American, he's like from outer space somewhere I don't know, after what he said he's going to spend time with his wife and children Yeah, he was like making some excuses He was making excuses, he said he said he's going to, are you, does it make a difference to you Whether Carlisle Santana swings this way upside down or sideways Does that make a difference to you sir? No, do you like a date with Santana? Oh, well, you need to haircut first Okay, we'll work on it, we'll get to get a little trim 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line There's another big topic for you, okay? Santana kissed the, this mug He said hit the smuck with a puck Out of town lines open 87785, 6345 And you know, I was on the turnpuck together And they gave me the small ticket only about four inches long What did you do? That guy was, he was special He made the attack to Chinese buffet guy Here's a mobile and pop at all, hello Yeah, I wanted to talk about the panthers, see what your take is on the, what my camera is on the right You didn't really say what my take is, you didn't say that, did it sir? I think they got a great team here and he's four players are good You write horrible things about them, the fans don't go to the games It's ridiculous, the rate point set of the way from the best team in the league And everyone's ready to go off at the three lofts Write reading them off for what? Like they're horrible team, like they're attractive I haven't had read anybody saying that they're horrible team I didn't read anything in the paper That's what I'm looking at What did you read? Where did you read that that they were horrible team? Yeah, Michael Russo never wrote that One micro, so I don't know, is that positive things to say about them? Well, even sure, let me say this to you, they've been playing well the last couple of weeks No, I wouldn't say that they've been playing well So what we do, what other than the day that they both read, Ray Wittney and Ash was what was on call for, but other than that, what is it that they wrote that was inaccurate? I don't know, I don't know, I don't know how pretty done I could pull out anything out of my hat And saying anything specific, but every time they go through some kind of a little downsell Because always something negative about them, like they don't know what they were doing Like they're like, it's a lie, you think that any more people will come out and see They're like, they lie and say that they're playing great right now They're not playing well, their defense is not existing right now Yeah, I would agree with that, but you know, where the powerplay is in the shadow of what it was Where would you pick up the talent considering the talent pool in the league To make up for that kind of a difference, who's out there that can really help this team right now That they can get and bring them in under with a fair salary that can really help them Have a good Vladimir Malakov on Montreal, we could use a hell of an event like that Can you think they could pull that kind of a deal on? Why not? Well, what's keeping them from doing it? Maybe they will do it, it's, you know, a waste of a little bit of trading deadline Got a couple of weeks yet Yeah, I just think that they have good team chemistry is the fans don't go to the games And they just put them up, but what's the boarding equipment? Wait, what do you mean nobody is supporting them? What does that mean? Well, they're going to, I don't believe that there are enough friends or tandem games And they're going to be in a different support for teams Maybe there are enough hockey fans here I don't know, I don't know, but yeah, there are enough people that have the money to afford $67 We're taking it in a lower place I'll totally agree with you Yeah, so then what are you saying? I don't know, I think the first one is, I'm just as frustrated as you are to go to a place that's like almost half empty a lot of times Like the Ottawa Game last Monday, but I got news for you The community didn't schedule a game at 3 o'clock any afternoon I guarantee if they would have played that game in 730 at night They would have been another at least 3, 4000 people and there may be more Yeah, well, it's kind of weird though, and I'm driving the work and making my sales cold during the day That there's nobody on the road I'm sure that there could have been some more fans at that game I'm going to take it for you to throw absolutely horrendous Yeah, that's probably the best way to say that So, what are you saying that you want to buy the tickets for all these people so they can afford to go? What are you saying? I'm not saying I want it Well, what are you saying? I'm saying that I think that they ought to drop some of those upper tier tickets So that people are everywhere It's not on the one hand you're telling me about the media and the town is so bad And now you tell me they ought to drop the ticket prices I mean, I just don't know what your point is But have a great day You decide you're wine and a lot They won the game last night Open up a little bit of daylight there five points on the caps Things, you know, everybody goes through these spells And if they were decided to show up and play a little defensive from here on to the right of the rest of the year They might be okay and maybe they will make a dealer too But this guy sounds like the world is coming to an end Just calm down so it's only a game Okay calm down, it's only a freaking game You got it? No 560560 560 on the AT&T line out of town line 8777856345 QAN drops the green flag with motorsports Saturday Saturday morning 6x with chokeestella Right here on sports radio 560 QA Wanna lottery pop little boy? Alright All right On the football Play it through the rear Play it slowly, keep it around You got a back and you thought And if you're lost this mind If you're willing to be all around If you're willing to do I will forgive And can't you play the game You say always well I will go to a little bit all up to technically a group of people I'll keep you playing a fan for a little bit And go around So, to them for the all the round If you didn't end up well drunk If you never hear the jails sound like You can all be in every sports range I'll give them a man and crew to know they did not Now if you can catch the ball Run with the ball with race and murder And they all ride As long as they can It is the bleacher If you sit out, something is getting And if you catch gravity, long as they are made to money And the way that's like you can away You can be paid a time And a man goes round The water has for me all the round You can be in a man's car Here's the jails sound You can be in a man's car You can be in a man's car You can be in a man's car 145 at 5.50 WQM So anyway, I got this thanks early this morning Almost forgot about it Says the model lets you know they can go online And do a search titled Three Day Diet And you'll get another copy of that diet This is the St. Joe Hospital Medical Center diet That please don't call Zurichabuck But it's on our website and your rargers.com Also It says the only difference is that this one does give you the option of having beats or carrots Now I do like carrots Huh? So I think I got that part beat Do you want to think of the hard-world egg Oh man, the thought of it And you have to peel it, you peel the shell And you like Put a little salt on it Some people like oil and vinegar on them Oil and vinegar on an egg Yeah, when they're on a salad, you put oil and vinegar on it Just like this But this is all by itself Yeah, dip it into the little oil and vinegar A hard-world egg A slice of toast and a half a banana For breakfast That's on the second day I mean the third day you read it go nuts Five-saltine crackers A slice of cheddar cheese and a small apple For breakfast For lunch Another hard-boiled egg Oh And a slice of toast Well I guess maybe if you had just AP egg would like a fork And then the other side of your mouth served in the toast Okay, you put the egg on the toast You could do that Like in the first day you have a slice of toast And two tablespoons of peanut butter Which I'm sure if you're smart You slide the peanut butter on the toast Or you can just eat it right off the spoon Which isn't bad I was that like regular peanut butter Is it like chunky Skippy or smooth See there it goes again with that Santana crack Subliminal you want to go out and buy the record Anyways, I would like I knew you'd like this since you don't like beats I sent the mini mirror requesting an alternative The day where you could have the banana I can't eat them because they give migraine And they did reply back saying I could substitute banana with a half a candle How do you like that? Happy dieting Lori and Richie Thank you Lori and Richie So there's a good news for you You can look under the word search Topics search 3-8 diet Or you can just look under new oranges.com on our website While you're voting on our full question which by the way I'm glad you mentioned that Thank you Our question today Do you consider yourself exclusively head of a sexual 93 that 76.8% Exclusively homosexual 17 that's 14% By sexual 7 that's 5.7% Not sure 4 3.3% And you were laughing at me when I put that not sure thing on there So it's laughing because I know that there's people out there who would click on it They click on it right now and the thing too We want pictures of those people So we want at least 1000 votes by Monday over the weekend And that's so we can get kind of a grasp on who we got out there And evidently for those people to see we got mostly fags Listening to this show It certainly doesn't appear to be true does it? Oh no And don't forget we'll be a seminal Indian gambling tomorrow between noon and 2-4-41 And Hollywood at 4-41, stirring, road and Hollywood And Miguel will be there and I guarantee there won't be any fags there beside me Well now what do you like about? I've got to come out and paw all over him just because he's there at the Indian joint Because we'll have to step over me I'll tell you that Here's a mobile in Bokeh hello Yes sir How are you doing? Good are you? Great Got a question for you I hear a lot of people call and talk about dieting and all these various diets Yeah, because we're all fat that's right We're fat and we're desperate and we're lazy That's what I was curious about Do you have an exercise program or? No, I have a treadmill I have an exercise bike They're both state of the earth they're both great and am I using them? No, no because I'm a lazy slob Good door stops right Right Well that's what I was curious because you know I Pretty much anything I want to try to eat good I try to eat healthy and everything And I've had the same weight size in high school But I consistently run an exercise So you know that's that goes to show you your diet It's going to fail here and there throughout But if you just keep exercise and that's going to keep your metabolism at the rate rate And you probably have as many problems Well, you know this seminar they had in Washington yesterday with add kids And the Ornish and all these other diet experts arguing It says the only thing they agreed on was that he'd for exercise and they're right Right So you know I think that's the main thing because you know If you die at an inflasium metabolism down you might get more weight Right Just one of the add my two cents I'm going to go home in the hop right on it Okay, thanks And the exercise by two I am I'm going to get on there in pedolint Fine, look at us we got 75 million lines open here in ten minutes to go This has been a very very extraordinarily weak week week week Five six seven or five that we're getting you made a good point this morning And that is if we got as much response on the phone as we're getting on that website So see it's easier that that's what I'm doing some of the polls like this one Because nobody's going to call in And want their voice heard on the ear oh yeah I'm not going to text you well whatever it is you know So it's all anonymous on the website That's great doesn't make any balls all you do is you click it on and a goddamn thing too But to pick up the phone and call and actually speak oh boy I'm telling I'm going to start writing my book I think this weekend Here's a mobile in Miami hello Yes sir Yes Are you going buddy? Okay Two comments right probably a video on the whole thing with damn arena on the guy is he's all done It's not even I thought I finished Yeah, I mean, I'm going to do anything for the team two years with or three years ago I mean a little on anything Well, he's all done. It's all there's nothing to talk about Yeah, I just want to say one thing either so I got some of my problem out of love you man Okay, thank you. I'll revert it to you Danny don't you get the message Danny just say two words. I retire Thank you two more words. There you go. Thanks everybody It's been a blast. It's been a great to any people I call oh bunch of think you deserve the ring Go take it to the ring Oh, like I said the sports nerds man they terrify me even worse than the religious for a right wing fanatics There is no group of people in the world especially after two years working on this radio station I'm hearing these lifeless sports nerds. Oh, can't we have that press conference can't we hear the updates? I mean if that's all your life consists of that all I can tell you is rest in peace This is five sixty two a.m. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it and go bird week They happen to today for the radio five sixty two a.m. If Friday you ask you your deep was said that it's those in clean and never put up it They're running for the White House so he just carried it Don't drop in that's not all even down the view people They don't know Jenny drop with you even drop some message to why will George just come out and simply say he did it He pretends to press with shut them out. Oh, he's been here got him this day He did more than watch you think But he watched it down the scene. He pretends to have that's the question that he does And he naked point much clearer like a razor on a mirror But he wants the two beanie that he didn't do anything George he pushed her back to his own clean and never put up in a can't be running for the White House So he just can't get me a turkey's food turkey's food turkey's food One fifty six and five sixty wq. I'm a interesting we had at least one hundred seventy two calls today because claiming that Hank said this and Hank said that about Wayne and sucked up the Wayne all the other So how come they call us? I'm going to be listening very carefully with great interest on the way home when I leave here to Hank show and see if any of these great balls you guys I've got the balls to call in front of him on it because I didn't hear it myself And you know, I think I don't want to whistle anything. I mean if he's comparing them to the other two guys that's his opinion he's entitled to it If he was stuck in up to him that's another story. I don't know we'll find out in about three minutes But it's just a bit like a bunch of little children in the sand by all Hank said this and deep also that and that little box said it. Yeah, we'll call them up and take issue with it Say hey, you're full of crap or whatever or yeah, we like his ball spot too whatever you want to say As long as you don't talk about Danny in the middle of it Here's plantation hello Hey, new idea. Great. I call for wish for you on to my first Panthers game couple weeks ago. Yes, sir. And listen to you to show today I just want to tell you that I sat in the goals on it's pretty good seed. I was in section. I think it was in one container something Right, and it's pretty good seed, but you know the fans out there saying well, it's too much for the game. I agree I mean, if you're going to have high I mean at least you're going to have high place tickets. You're going to lose your fan base and you know the thing with John hearing the Mars You know, he's in those. Okay, either you get me a stadium or I'm moving the team and hand it to some of the balls today. He's just going to say well, you know, we're going to have the Supposed it's fans and four to which could give a rat to ask about baseball right to say okay, we'll work a more money than you already have or for a more money that you don't have The fun in the stadium that we're going to plan it's both to have revenue sharing on the other class that just think it We're going to happen. So to join here and you're a douchebag. Well, wait a minute. Good. Just go back to the thing with the arena. Okay. Okay. He's going up to go back to the thing with the arena They didn't need to have that many seats and they also need to have somebody high price seats They've got the club seats which are priced in a early high and then you got your sweet and your sky boxes and all the stuff That's why the head of the new arena in the first place. That's why every market's got a bill new awareness because they got to have these extra millions and millions in revenue To pay all these goddamn spoiled brands. These have noxious scumbags That's what it's all about And I'm not saying that certainly not the hockey players are all obnoxious scumbags are they all? Oh, just a couple. But nevertheless That's the problem instead of pricing the fans out why not just factor in charge more for the corporate stuff Okay charge a little bit more there and give the guy they may have a chuck out there a bit of a break and then maybe we'll fill our answers in the seats Like that Caroline came to Maranite. Do I think they're gonna sell out tomorrow night? No, no I mean you don't know what the ticket the count is at this point, but do I think they'll sell on no Cotaniacicili, Citiia, Paris priest and Sicily was in critical condition today after sipping Sacramento wine spike with herbicide Oh, a sacrosan was under arrest What the hell is a sacrosan Is that like a sacrosanacrap or stand major police