560 WQAM Miami Fort Laudon Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Laudon presents the Neo Rodgers show We could talk to Neo called 560 560 toll free for daily power or power by 60 under control the opinions of Neo his guests callers Any one else on the show do not necessarily reflect those in how would you kill him? Yeah, usually we'd acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group now Neo Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QAM no fancy it albanyo or balla cuerta amirelo There's a familiar lucky We don't get power away we stand far feed you turn You would rent us our the fans or we'll get angry And we are too black being trapped in the street We know that we're the biggest one of the things I love But we are the boss in work and people in our minds Hey there Just be the boss Can you hear me? I can hear you I can hear you I can hear you We unite and fight for human causes On few with the news cameras red flashing light I can't hear you I can't hear you I can't hear you I can't hear you All right 10.02.05.60 WK We got a pair of tickets with the Dolphins game in Jacksonville on Saturday Which you can come and pick up here on tomorrow if you want to And the tickets by the wear compliments of first choice tickets towards in travel It's $100.2.9.869. Okay got it Go call that number to win the tickets So how are we going to do this today by the way George George you're sick by the way won't be here tomorrow And I'm much better don't I sound much better Yeah I feel much better You look better I look better I feel better I am better and you know why because you'd rig that stuff And I like it Yeah And Schmidt and Schmidt Wow It'll really clean you I wanted that And you people some of you folks I mean I know you mean well Although it doesn't make it more interesting you know I'm just going to work with people And people call in the TV to be a bullcrap story That stuff doesn't taste that bad It doesn't matter if fact I can kind of get used to I can get hooked on it Oh yeah I'm having a fleet 5% over there Sponsored by now or two Yeah No sir I was just thinking here I mean it goes to show you Branding thoughts of a really sick mind But maybe once a month would be a bad idea To sit around on a boring night Miami Which is almost any night in this town And kind of took a little bit of that substance Yeah It's just a make it good float Keeps your host to home Oh it's a new day Think or do they float I didn't notice But I'll tell you one thing I got to very end And I do me the end like yesterday morning Clear as running water Oh beautiful Lovely So if it's good to cleanse out your inside Why do you know it's seriously Why do you think they call it Yeah Yeah If you want to get all the crap out of your system Little fleet boss of the sort of Doesn't taste that bad And on Tuesday I'm sitting here I haven't a little bit of reputation about this thing That I went through yesterday And it was a piece of cake Which sounds good right now by the way After fasting for a day and a half Piece of cake And the people at the cross-praying surgical center By the way God bless you folks Okay It is in Bless you folks The lady who is the day like at the reception lady She her husband is a big group of mine She didn't tell me she told her remember that Because he drove me home I'm glad I was a little groggy because I think I was driving home He was a fffffffffffffffff I heard her warning said So that was good But you know they're all very professional there They're great they're very nice they're competent It's a beautiful place And they lay it down on the gurney there Of course they get you take put all your stuff in a bag And you play on one of those schmottas Well I hate those things Those gowns you know they have to tie in the back They know that nobody can tie those right in the back So as you're wandering down the hall Do your thing or lay down Everybody's like oh look at the ass And that's slug you know of course Who the hell can tie I mean you know Wouldn't it be nice if when you get that thing on Somebody would come in and like tie it behind your back Because got all you know what they're doing back there But anyway they lay you down It put a nice heated blanket on you And they hook you up to an IV and you lay there for about a half hour Dr. Diamond comes in high you know and doc And then the guy comes in with a you know She said I'm going to give you tell they tell you what you're going to do And they said when you wake up the only discomfort will be That you'll be bloated because they stick a tube up your back And blow it out and then when you wake up you're supposed to blow it up No, they blow air up there so they get a better peak So they can kind of like open the tunnel Yeah, they blow air into your back The hose they said it was a hose And then you wake up the only bad feelings you got is like Blow the fuck you say when it does just let it out So you lie in there and of course all these paramedics and nurses are like just a matter of 10 feet away And you lay in there and they say oh and so very syrup dishes Yeah, you're letting it out And everything came out great was there anything in my stomach? No, was there anything in my rectum? No, was there it now? Although next week we'll do a cat scan because that makes some good money too for them But nevertheless, father's nothing in there And today if you'll so guy they're much better Probably because number one in psychological number two because of viral infection Which I'm positive is what I got the last forever and I'm sure just heard to be said oh and everybody downstairs Oh, oh end upstairs I don't want to say who brought the flew in the viral infections to America. Oh, okay, however I don't want to say that. I don't want to say it was a plot because then people start getting his there But the good news is on channel 10 had known today alien gun zalases first recorded American fart on American soil Yeah preview there you go first recorded fart on American soil from at 6-year-old kid You people at channel 10 crazy people even carry a Jackson who writes a column about TV about 1 to be 6 months Which they buried on page 14 in the air all the day see this column belong pretty much on a radio TV page Like where you'd go to find somebody writing commentary about what TV is doing But do they do that in the air? No page 14 a buried in there Well, they've been the other stories about alien and janirino said this and this one said that and the judge He's still busy counting the money and the set of and so on channel 10 goof by not admitting goof I mean what an alien really saying I Yo, Kielo and by the way the tip off on that tape Which they've shown 50,000 times the tip off on the tape is after he says whatever it is He says when he sees the airplane in the sky and it says you're kielo a taco bell or whatever he says Is that the people around him there? They all the even in relatives is new found best friends Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Now if he was saying, oh there's a plane I don't want to go back to Cuba they'd be saying ccc, ccc, wait a window But are they saying that they're all gone no, no no no no He don't know what he's saying is a little kid He don't know what to scream, we're eating banana, he don't know Channel 10, you are a bunch of crazy people man. They kept showing it over and over and over again. So let's come and out my back again. Yeah, I think that came out of there too yesterday. So if there's anybody in this audience, it's going to have to have a colonoscopy and endoscopy both of those procedures. Have no fear because they knock you off. They give you a shot. You wake up five minutes after it's over. You're a little bit grunky. You got like a bad taste in your mouth. And then they give it a little something to wash it down. And you sit up. But I think that's it. You remember nothing. You have no idea what they stuck in your window when you play cells or went down your throat. They have no idea. And at that point, you're just happy to be alive and say everything came out great. Yeah, okay, good. And somebody drives your home and life goes on. And then of course, there was a game last night. What a bunch. First of all, there may be with 10,000 people or less. And I've very disappointed. And just to continue pushing off the fans, you're not opening up the, they're not letting people through the turnstels to a well after 630 now. Because I guess they don't want to pay the ushers and the other people at extra half power keep bastards. See, you guys with the panther organization, you can't afford to keep pushing off the public because they're, they're, they're, they're the public showing up. It's probably the fact this team wins day after day after day after day. They're eight minute points ahead of Caroline in their division. And does anybody show up in the people that did show up last night? I got stories about these people that'll last forever. So how are we going to go away these tickets? Nobody in this audience wants to pair tickets. It's just the tickets by the way you have to get up there yourself all the way to Jacksonville on Saturday. See, there, there's nobody even calling for those damn tickets. So how can we start a list or do anything like that when nobody even seems to care? Assuming that the phone might work. And of course, I heard that George yesterday had a little bit of, yeah, there's that now. That's line one, which is supposed to be like that. Let's check line two. Okay. Wait a minute. They're not coming up on the screen. Yeah, I'd like to pick it. Oh no. Oh, you know what we're happening in this happened one day before. This happened when you were gone. The lines are all in fact, I was sitting here screaming yelling thinking that nobody was calling and then the reading that I look at the phone and all the lines are ringing, but you'll have to reboot the computer. There's anything working this play. No. So not only are we sticking under a lot of stress, but Greg freaking read. Can he get a guy then? Phone system in this radio station that works right now? No. Oh, this is this is unbelievable. I think I'm having a relapse. You hear it? God. Greg wannabe. So wannabe easily is in Greg read wannabe broadcasters. How did they be a broadcast? Oh, they've been composed for the understand. Oh. Sparing the expense to bring it to the best in this man stood right here a week to go and lied as usual through a state. We'll do whatever it takes. We're not cheap. We'll do whatever it takes to get you the right response system in here. Did they do anything? Oh, no. No. So we'll work in feverously to see if we can get many calls on here today. And if not, I'm playing music. You know, I'm just I'm not going to go through this. I'm just coming out of a sick thing. I'm finally getting over this. I think the virus is on his way to San Jose. And the phone is ringing off the hook here and I'm looking on a computer and you know what? That's what it's doing, just like Port Aliana's doing. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQA. I am welcome back Neil to a real bogus place. No portion of his broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQA and be free as position court. Shelfish. Oh, no. He heard him squeak. You've heard him saying. Now, the Therat Talks dirty on a crystal clear, digital recording, that can now be yours. Listen to the dirty talk. Road starts walking. Teacher, what is doing to you? In this dark park, text rod. In his words, work them match. It is the Therat Talks dirty. If those are närings, those are that this thing is over because Greg Reed just walked in. It's always feeling good until discovered that we got a phone system that doesn't work in here, but I know you guys someday if we live long enough, we'll do something about the phone system and give us something that works in here, but I'm not gonna hold my breath. Anyway, so we're gonna give away those tickets and what we'll do is we'll do a drawing in about 12 30. George will take names and dresses. People that want to call actually have something to say. Not people that want to call out to you and say, hey, I got, I want to take it. Okay, you got that? Uh-huh. Good. Did you want to say something on the ear? Do you want to come on? No, seriously, you want to talk to the public and tell them why you won't get us a phone system in here that works since you guys don't lie to us and you don't even want to spend whatever it takes. Didn't you stand in the same spot that you're standing right now weeks and weeks ago? Maybe the last time that I saw you and say whatever it takes, we'll do it. We're not a bunch of cheap bastard like you say yada yada yada. And the meantime, we got the same piece of crap here. He went through all kinds of hell because the phone didn't work yesterday. I sit down feeling much better today. All my body parts are still in the same place. And it don't work. It's a piece of crap. For Elaine, one is in work and we just had to go ahead and stand on his head so we can put any calls on the ear. Again, yeah, fine George Corso and tell them, you know, tell some of the came are he'd be good. I said I'm not a Walmart. They pay better. Oh my god. Yeah, fine George. Okay, get that guy from Naples. He's a real rocket scientist. What's his name? The Jackass from over there. And more on. Oh, this company man, I'm saying, by the way, John penis has gone good luck to you, John, and I school. I'm getting out of here. Anybody leaves here, we can regulate them. Anybody comes to work here. We play, we get a minion together. We say cottage for them. What you say for the dead. Oh, my god. And this man walks in here with a straight face. Thank God that bit was ending just as he opened that door. So I didn't have to listen to his be BS again because that was, you know, and every time he opens up his mouth, it. Yeah. How do I feel, huh? I feel like I'm in the trial. I'm doing again. It's got to be this place. That's what's doing it. It has to be. Come back here, and it's the same old tired. This don't work in metal work. And he got to find George. So George Corso doesn't know his record of my elbow. Okay. And I don't think that he doesn't care. I was saying you this morning before we came on here. He's perfect for this place. He's like so many of the department heads in this place. He doesn't care. He kind of goes through the motions. He, you know, he's happy to put stuff together with Scott's tape at LaPay's glue and a liquor and a Schmiren at it. How many people with any kind of software he's specked would work for a company like this on the last they were paying you a lot of money. George, I'm sorry. No seriously. What kind of a person with skills like that? Like an engineer who's like a skilled person, a trained person who you know, almost the word a stick it. What kind of a person will work for an outfit like this? Somebody with any software he's specked at all. Oh, it looks at a mirror in the morning says why I'm a real mention. I work for people that know. No. I look at him here in the morning. And so there's that ugly pussy again. I don't think about these people because I might miss with the razor. And it's hard to slow your wrist with a bit with a whatever it is. Is it a bit? I don't even know what they are anymore, you know? I've been using those those raises for years. I haven't even know what they're like. They just come in a black little bag. Ten of them are those big six. Gillette. Did you say, those are you? I don't use bics. Rounds with all you Gillette. Yes, disposable. I want to talk about God name razors. Look at this. I've been on the years 18 minutes. I'm already talking about splitting my neck because the Gregory who just left here going. Yeah. You're not going to find George Corso. You're not going to do anything about the phone system. And that's just the way it is. Okay. Man walking BS. I just got rid of about I don't know how many pounds. Whatever he is, just the last two days. Thanks to that fleet and a musta walking crap on legs. No matter what he tells you, you know, when I shake your hand and make a deal with you, we got to deal and everybody is going. Yeah, right. Yeah, you're a man of your words. Rounds with words. You turn. Exactly. Anybody will take some names. We'll give away that turtikets and we'll get to our agenda, you know, and the life will go on. I thought I was going to come in and do like a regular radio today. Although several people came to me with the hockey game last night. There were a few real people there last night, not too many. And I said, oh, four George went through a whole thing with that phone again. It's a good thing you weren't there and I thought for myself, uh, yeah, it's a good point. Good thing I wasn't. Because it's getting old and ponderous. That's the go through a whole bunch of gyracians and calostetics just to put a goddamn phone thing on here here. I want to post a be a talk show. And of course, they're come back. We'll probably be, what? You did the show for three weeks without any calls. You could do it while what do you worry about the phone for? To which I would go. Yeah, right in their face. I was thinking about something right in your face. Let's tell a geocostillow story. I'm sorry. Now, that's a great story. So John Ford fired this week at Clearchan. We're going to have a big party today. George won't be here tomorrow. He's sick. He's already planning for it. And if he wasn't sick enough before, I'm sure he is by now after going through the calostone standing on his head to try to make this damn phone system work. I'm used to it. What a pile of schmith. So we're getting him hired over here. Who's that? John Ford. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. He comes in. I go out. John Ford. He's a creative monster. Yeah. He looks like a monster. It looks like God damn model. What's the ego? Not ego? What's the other one? Run field? Yeah, run field on a bad day. Standing up straight. Oh, my god. What is with his sweater and who is, uh, corny promos? This is the same man. Oh, by the way, said on the air during that, uh, ill-fated morning attempt to his what they did about a point three that he wished that Alice Rental would get AIDS and died. That was a nice thing to say on here. And guess what? He just got fired. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you know talent piece of turd. Oh, you idiot. You turd. Yeah. The only problem is of course he got fired, but we know who should have gotten fired over there. Everybody in a market who even owns a radio knows that the one that you get fired is the assassin Peter Bulls who makes it a coffee out here, but the in the meantime, who would know his answer from his elbow. And the other rumors are by the way that those still taste and, uh, and Jim Romenal. That's not all going to go anyway, because clear channels got this deal with some of those station here and that did. And so all that's in the case and stuff. I think they're just going to sign off in the daytime. It's what they're going to do there in the middle of the time. They might have they could probably still get the same point five without being on the air. It's what I'm thinking. Yeah, just put like like a humming sound on there. Oh, it's your hum station here. Why the good hum job to the 940. Yeah, there you go all day. Yeah, for good hum, and put up billboard campaign for a good hum job to the 940 and your AM dial. Man. How about those Haitians, huh? Oh. And by the way, the Puerto Ricans are going to be doing it tomorrow then on Saturday. It's going to be the Nicolaguan's and then on Sunday the Guadamalans and the Mexicans on Monday, which would be short because they're doing it in the year. And then the El Salvadorians on Tuesday, who'd I leave out? And the Yavena Swailans on Wednesday. I mean, you say, we'll be out there protesting. We're going to have nothing else to do. This man has got the foot, but it can and he always plays dumb. Well, I shouldn't say he plays dumb. He always acts dumb. I shouldn't say act. Gregory comes marching in here. When everything is falling apart, crumbling around this here, and he walks in, hey, how do you feel? Why he's unaware of the fact that his bull crap radio station here is a piece of turd with a bunch of make-belief stuff that they wouldn't even sell at radio check. They'd be embarrassed to sell this stuff at radio check. Even any check would be embarrassed. So anyway, when did I had my stress test and came out? Anybody out there in this audience who doesn't believe in vitamins and supplements, I'll tell you right now. He's an asshole. You don't believe in it. Coq10 best stuff I've ever taken in my life has got that pulse weight a hold down here. That kind of like exercise in a bottle away, it's for real. It's great. Invite him in 800 milligrams a day. My stress test came out sensational for a fat-old slob like me that doesn't do any exercise. They want to get the pulse up to 138. I got it up to 142. I said, okay, it's enough of this crap. Plus, they're getting you wrong and resty with you anyway. So by the time I got there in first rated in psychotic I've already done a little bit of a stress test. I had probably done another couple of minutes on a damn thing on the treadmill, but I was already worn out. But I did more than I had. Did they show you a little target? There's like, have you ever done a stress test? There's like a little circle on the computer and it'll like feel like a little pie and it feels in as you're as you're doing a pie. They give you a little piece of pie while you're on it, which is where they hold it out like this so you keep running faster and try to reach it. Yeah, they hold it in front of your push. I think it was punky pie. But anyway, I did real good. So the stress test was great. My everything yesterday, all my parts are in the right place. I'm feeling better today. And then I come in here at the same old-tired crap. I look at this. We killed 25 minutes already. And Greg reads running around over. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But he really knows his Smith. Yeah, that's why they put his name on the list of ingredients because he's a Schmitthead. God, the move. God, an arrogant prick who doesn't know a damn thing about engineering about radio about manners, about dealing with people about anything. arrogant prick did a great job over here. Fixed it up that button for the Fort Myers station. Didn't he? Huh? Did a beautiful job. And I was going there about the move. Oh, I'm I'm telling you the collection of losers. They got in this company. It's amazing. It's astonishing. And then, of course, in the sales department, once they go on, hey, just hold your breath for a little while. They turn around and come right back in. We got that ball hit a guy came back in here. You know, his favorite thing is stands outside and paces up and down and smokes out there at a parking lot. That's uh, he does that hours and I'm happy to find it. It's a little bit too. He's a hell of a guy. What else is the name Mike? Go what? Not Epstein. Epstein. What is it? Ecc, not none of another Jew. Oh my god. Yeah, if you're Jewish, come on down. We'll put you in the sales department here at WDUAM. Okay. Got him. I worked up today. So let me tell you, let's please boss the soda once and off when and out clean yourself out. Nothing like it. Channel 10 footage of noon. I'm telling you, Ali on, drops the first big bomb right here. We're first recorded bomb from that little kid. Seriously, every time this kid does anything, there's one of the cameras there to record it and then make a big sentence. You people yesterday at Channel 10, anybody who works there, you ought to hang your heads in shame. Just like the people at the LA times were so embarrassed and humiliated and the newspaper, the editorial people had a red and apology, a 55,000 page apology for the incest you were staying there with that new arena there that they got all the money from. Same thing here. Anybody connected with Channel 10, anybody that even ever drove by their building on a biscuit and boulevard down there, ought to be embarrassed. Anybody that ever, a dildo and bish you're pinning women out there that ever dildo with Anne ought to be embarrassed. The crap that they're doing putting that thing on there over and over and over and over again. Before we have our own, and of course this is a big thing with all of TV stations. That is a really a news story, but exclusively on 10, exclusively on 7, unbelievable, unbelievable. And by the way, Janino Reno still says, because the judge he's too busy counting that money. Does it take a genius to figure that a state court, a family, a court judge, it doesn't overrule the INS, does it take a genius to figure that out? I don't think so. But don't confuse Jose Basuto and Ronald Rumble and Rowl's foul Sanchez and all these, and Lincoln DS Blar. He put on a performance tonight to go on Larry King. I thought his eyes were going to pop out of the socket. This man is a man, Lincoln DS Blar. Rimes with. Yeah. Lunatic. Papa papa papa. And hey, he knows the league are thought in the American F and way, but that means only he speaks Charlie Wrangler who's got a big mouth to begin with. He couldn't get in a word halfway and wise. And every time that anybody else tried to speak, Lincoln DS Blar. Yeah, but I'm supposed to speak. I thought Larry's suspenders were going to snap. 1026 at 560 WQN the country. QAN drops the green flag with motorsport center. Saturday morning. One shot show. It's your head. Right here. On sports radio 560 QA. Just space and stands for nothing. Help the globe! Stop. If you talk to jedes past, quickly gave it up. Happy music, evaporate I want to ensure by the air force that in Melody's device with a Okay, so what do you really see on that tape? I've something like that. 1031 and 560WC, we got Hank and Flagry today. We got Hurricane Hotline at 6, 7 o'clock tonight. Now, I have no idea why we got, they talk at baseball with Boog at Chulas. I do have an idea why because they sold it. Yeah. January 13th, we got our three-hour baseball show with a Boogster, okay? At 7 o'clock tonight with the elected or not, and then capital in the 10. With the odds of whether anybody listening to the previous three hours. Oh, yeah, I must be this place, you know? Yeah, I'm starting to gag and choke and cup. Maybe that's because my Gregory disease is starting to get allergies. Yeah, so Georgia's in there saying, I think one of why I have this beef jerky, you know, because we're starving. Don't be eating crap when your sick is a dog. We eat more crap at this place. I would just say in this morning, we could get some good cuisine. Something healthy in here. What? Nothing. Yeah, something helpful, something good for you. Not in this hood. Instead of all that greasy, I mean, I don't want to knock, I mean, the people that bring this food, it's all delicious and very good, and they mean well, but, you know, when you've had your kishki's, our twisted inside, you want to eat something that's good for you. Can I think of anything that is good for me? That I like? No. Like, how did you know what, Dan and no fat yogurt? Plane. I like you. The dish, well, this is plain though, with nothing I don't plan you. Delicious, but no taste. It's okay. And it's got acid offloads in it, so it's good for your kishki. Okay, so you should be sugary to it, wouldn't it? If you know, if you put some, uh, not a splenda. And it's okay. Oh, okay. Blend it. Yeah. That sounds pretty good. Let's have a bunch of yogurt here. What do you say? No. No. We better take some names for this thing, although before that, I better tell you about the Answers at the hockey game. I said first of all, please, like I said before, don't give me this dolphin stuff. Uh, Finn and Diana, this is a sports sounded, it's not even close to being a sports sounded to joke. Got the hottest Dan team going, the Florida Panthers. They went almost every goddamn game. Even when they play lousy like land, it's been last night. Mike Vernon plays great last night for the fourth game. He played four games for this team. And the defense except for Brad Hedkin, last night of play to go again. Except for him, the rest of the defense stayed home. And he still played a great game. And he still won a game. And Pauvel stuck another one. Nice pass there, Ray, what day? Nice going sweetheart. And Pauvel's up there with 29 goals just for behind Yami Yager. What tell more, could you want? There's most exciting player in the world, the team that's in first place by a big importance and thousands and thousands of thousands of people disguised as green empty seats there last night. Said the attendance for it's 14,000 something. That's ticket so if you should live so long. So to the right of me, one roll back, bunch of a drunken red next last night, got a... Put him at a barn, put him at a barn, put him at a barn, put him at a barn, put him at a barn, put him at a barn. Yes, yeah, the screamer. Hey, I love, I wonder what what tells you, let's boil your effect. You have net the whole crowd is turned around looking at these guys, drunken red next should have been kicked out in the second period. And then sitting behind me, even worse than the drunken red next, who are almost amusing because they were so obnoxious, sitting behind me were a couple of guys who obviously were just killing time. Papa, the whole game. game never stop for a minute never took a break never took a breath were they talking about the game about hockey about anything related to oh and loud loud you could hear it 10 rows down oh you know I see that the GE went up a half a point this morning I made a and they're talking about all this other crap and then in the middle of the first or second period I forget which because I got so dizzy from it one of their buddies comes down sits on the edge of the step like cozy's up to them and the three of them not in the seat but like on the edge of the step next to them and the three of them are going like that talking in in crap as loud as they could please somebody explained to me what kind of so-called sports fans do we have in his town why are they there other than the fact that maybe somebody gave them some tickets it's got to be that and they have no lives I'd rather stay home and watch millionaire with Regis Steuben which is a bad show but it is a dicking only because there ain't nothing else on no cliches are addictive and you want to know why because you can play along only I'd like to be I'd like to be challenged a little bit more than one of the two colors of an Oreo cookie I'd like to have a question a little bit more difficult than that yeah what what are the two colors of an Oreo cookie and by the way we got four answers up there if you like the computer will eliminate three of them and then let's let them see if you can get a right we can call in call the White House and you got I mean Jesus that's a bad bad show really is best two quishos still on the air beyond a shadow that out the squeal of fortune and the prices right okay is there any doubt about it no you want to know why because I just said so oh the first of all there are all I'd tell you one of the great shows that was ever on if you're you're both a Brian will agree for those games show channel viewers like me and him which are the only two with card sharks would Jim Perry did you ever watch card sharks yes you didn't like it sure oh I think we're gonna say much quishos all the time or at least the card sharks was a good game show and the questions they used to ask where at least I mean like you pick a number what what percentage of guys so want to get laid in the next five minutes and we're always be the the response must have been a group of retards there are like 89% the other 11% they don't know what that means they're from Miami yeah you people the game last night that was a real award-winning performance so to that right now what do they even show up for and and they put up on the board there let's go panthers to try to start a cheer is this here start the only cheer they still know I believe you're officiating last night was terrible Mr. McGo get some thick glasses please but nevertheless the only chance that they know hey ref you suck oh man as predictable as to God damn weather with the North Pole these people in that macaroon as very sad we got a hell of a team they're playing great it was exciting game even though they were against the girls team and they were I have to team with sick and pukener guts up race shepherd by the way had a pull off the road yesterday and pukener guts out and set on the side of the road from this flu everybody sick I don't want to say who brought all the flu and the viruses to America you know what I'm saying in fact you know what you do you shave in the middle the head there and you look for the sign of the beat for that 666 and then all of a sudden boy you'll see the warm-turn real fast oh he's a fidel okay agent oh oh that infidel everybody's pukener guts out and half the team a six Scott Melon be wasn't supposed to play last night he scores a goal damn near scored another one comes off a six bed so you know it was gonna be a tough game because half the team is a pukener brains out but is there anybody there to see it oh no no same old predictable town was it in New York and then by the way wasn't New York team but it's a New York team that doesn't drive anybody in New York almost caught myself in a a buying there because it wasn't New York team but it's one and nobody on the long island goes to see either maybe 5000 game maybe kind of a girls team like Seattle you know like it's often be last weekend oh no we got a shot man he got a shot Jackson build a beat anybody I've never heard so much garbage from people at just a couple of weeks ago we're talking you finally coming to the realization of the truth and now they're living in Lala land oh yeah we're talking super bolder yeah okay there sure hope on on this station because what to make a lot of money you ever got the week that they are squeak by again this station breaks in a lot of cash yeah not that they're gonna spend on any of our stuff and here are they ever got no 21 before 11 at 5.60. but you can't go panic will start taking names in a couple of minutes we'll start talking to the troops out there we'll give away a pair of tickets to the often Jacksonville game you got to get there yourself of course compliments the first choice to get towards the travel who frosty nags yes I like it when the guy stopped by for a hummer do you remember when you got that hummer you can't get on the block really has no chance I need to have no chance I am this is live with the guy stopped by for a hummer for a hummer I like guys who started only one is it's flexible they make a wish for a kick it's long from my hummer from my hummer big one daddy stick it in my hand I gave you a hummer and it all began we had the biggest one that I ever did see it's built to the floor when you tried to be when you unzip I can't help but warn but it's no thing that you just let the flawning you wet my wish and with that big thing baby I've played on my throat man it's your eyes pretty pretty now I think about you that makes me sad you went away and never came back I gave you a hover and you went back home but call it home because of the size of your home I felt even love when you gave me a beach now I'm a little bit like Alex P. keyton when I'm a human is a two with it really doesn't matter the size of your sticks kids on the block really has some of the time you have no I have to realize when the time is that five for a hummer okay 1045 it five six you're over to Q.A. and so Terry Jackson writes 10-10 goof by not admitting goof you're about to asshole channel 10 remember they called we could go out because there's no other guy in real talk show going on this time of the day and then we're desperate to come in with their cameras and exploit me in this audience and make a circus in here and we said no goodbye channel 10 don't ever waste your time call us again okay you guys except for of course our good friend no don't know whatever his name is with that's what the comma shame on wplg channel 10 for failing to come clean and admit to its new step bluice's Terry Jackson although he quite frankly you don't have it right in this article either after running a sensational video of alien Gonzalez on Tuesday night in telling viewers on the crubbery the boy shouted you want to be returned to Cuba the station tried to weasel out of the continuum controversy on Wednesday evening news anchored Dwight look how old I looked waterdale and report his mark toyella and Connie Hicks delivered stories that said alien towards are open to debate and station general mangler john garwood said the new staff was being responsible when it made the first report and also was covering the ensuing controversy what did it which is it channel 10 says to reach action also out to the next episode of NIPD Blue channel 10 promoted a story that it said would include shocking words spilling from young alien lips as in report a win belt led the 11 p.m. news cash with a few seconds of tape of an extended alien yelling in Spanish at a passing jet then with dramatic conviction she told yours that alien his arms raised to the sky said I want you to return me to Cuba there was no context for alien to mark so any hit that the translation of the words on the slightly muddled tape might be something different when they faced with mounting evidence from Spanish speakers and language experts that alien probably said I want that they not take me back up to Cuba see I hate to break the news to you Terry Jackson but you don't say I want that they not take me back to Cuba do you your key at all what you say that you say no key at all right but but I'm saying you wouldn't say I want that they not take me back even a single he just wrote it screwed up but he starts out by saying you'll care which means I want you know you wouldn't say I want not to have that sandwich I mean anyway it's not the way of work but anyway he says a channel 10 tried to hide its gap behind a what do you think he said street pull the stations credibility would have been better sir by a crack admission that the first story was over hyped and under reported may have been an error it said the station seemed to rebel in the future and the fewer with a lot of the reminding viewers that this was a story that only would be seen on channel 10 only on 10 thank god channel 10 failed its primarily English speaking viewers without first reporting ignoring any balance and favor of sensationalism then it failed he was again by not owning up to some bad journalists the judgment but or and like I said why did I wish my time we'd net to what is he really say I don't do anybody oh no I don't know what he said the fact is that nobody who cares what he said who give the flying craft every time this kid has like I said is a jaster attack we got 55 reporters down there and a whole bunch of people hypervettelating and screaming and yelling and Jose basulto coming on the street and at goddamn raule solos say say oh well we want to protest now but we want our people to be standing by standing by to be standing by so when you punch your buttons all your little robots will go out there all 800 of them and act like a bunch of assholes again that's what this town is turned into we got we got a handful of irrational lunatics punching the buttons and as soon as they start pulling the strings and pushing the right buttons all their lackeys go out there in the streets and start pissing everybody off that's what it's all it's just as simple as that you don't have to make it complicated unacceptable Jose and ramele and whatever your other goddamn name is this week okay let's start talking to some folks out there otherwise you only got 12 30 to register for these great for a ticket thanks to a first-to-a-ticket stores and travel to the dolphin the Jacksonville game this Saturday as it went in doubt somebody like just get blown out I don't want to say who will say well see because at the NFL and the teams are also bad anyway that who the hell knows we got a shot we got a shot we got a shot sound like we got a shot here's Holly would hello hello yes sir welcome to our screwed up bonuses now I see that how you doing this morning you found good good good to go I sound great I'm full of peppers and not so full of if I could anybody tells me I'm full of crap the answer is low not today hey Wendy any of any questions do you remember back when the conversation you had with the gentleman well you know you haven't had because even the Lord loves Neil Rogers yeah what did you have a conversation with that gentleman or did that just did you call and say that I don't I don't know sir I have no idea well time I don't remember anyway he's a family relative of mine he told me on Thanksgiving when we all got together and I thought it was I'm not a good lord even loves Neil Rogers probably I'm not a forty-seven years really he lives in Miami by 98 I'm forty seven I'm talking about him now you saw you if you saw you age now you're talking about really yeah I'm well I'm a very sick and right now with that on day with that on the old station I hate that's it and I was on the old stations you're in heaven I stayed five six seven oh five sixty five five six oh man that guy's not the qualified for anything is it's no chance getting out of here with that crap was you know kind of marginally interesting way we're in fact no was it really interesting at all no desperate she like I said I want to talk to some people today you want to take it to any have something to say well register if you want of course if not that's okay too if you want to talk about colostomy bags in the color rectal this and and and and that's well however they say it and the end of scoppel and now how you would say something like that and some what the owner is in there here's North Miami hello I just lost that's right if oh that guy was good one oh God I lost it for Monday though you know the boats that come in from Africa on Monday open door policy uh-huh this Martin Luther's birthday and I'd love to see you don't be knocking at day I take that day off his holiday every year not for a special reason but just because I don't want to take off you keep ready for a telecomming oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh the key buddy I was there to hear about Monday all the infected people from Africa gonna be here on the Monday right so if you think we don't have enough sick people here yet just wait they're gonna be that kind to do good group of gonna be the big aid of big seed of big tea the big whatever you want they're gonna bring it yeah good I can't say no problem you gotta say you're gonna know you gotta we have a little way to get you on Saturday sir we gotta shot we say hold on don't take Miami or you might get cut off I don't know who's gonna win the game does anybody know of course not but I mean listen to somebody's so funny people calling on this radio station and some of the people on the air course is usual by the way thanks hopper who we're on what there was a two day when I left out here we won't want to talk to me on the air to wish me luck with my test but I had to get out here because I had to go for my stress test I had a fly out of here and then they give me the wrong address to go to I already told that story but it was a little annoying but Dr. Dix good guy and my good friend Gary up there at the office every time I walk in Gary starts you know talking radio just stick with my health Gary don't be a yet don't be a groupy Gary just stick with my health let's keep it but it was good and a stress test you know something I wouldn't mind take them one of those how often you supposed to take one of those like every year every two years something like that something like that I don't know it's not that bad and you actually can watch it you watch the monitor it shows your EKG is going and your pulse right in your blood pressure they're taking what you're doing the thing not bad and they say get your pulse up to 138 that's our target I'm watching that thing and I could I I don't want to say this because the doctor might be listening all the way down that could go another 342 but what's the point that I want to croak right there any a treadmill? No that was enough I got your little pie filled in there now let me sit down have a little pie would whipped cream and that's it oh it is viral thing I mean on three weeks plus one day and I think finally finally it's on the way out maybe I'm hoping I maybe I kind of like got it out of my system here's Miami hello hello are you doing pretty good listen on his alien uh not alien but alien alien I'm human and I agree that they want to demonstrate they can but as far as stopping traffic and stuff the film would you look yeah I mean I have very good news for everybody not yet including you the two guys that got hit by the red car yeah the two guys are going to be charged with blocking traffic obstructing traffic and the guy in the red car who told the story to the cops that he felt they threatened him he was a scare for his life he's not getting charged at all how they like great that's great I even got into the my mom over this yeah your mama yeah she kept telling me that they got the right to demonstrate and the free country as they will you have to demonstrate you don't have a right to keep threatening the public blocking off traffic slowing down and threatening the airport what the hell is the goddamn airport got to do with any of this hassle huh what is the guy nothing I agree now on also on the sports that you were talking about the fans and and let me realize that we don't have great fans down here but I go to about four games for hockey games I I know nothing about hockey I take my son I got a 15 year old son and please hockey right and and I love the arena and the facility over there is great I but I took my son to a basketball game last week and that is ridiculous I mean what they built that American Airlines arena and downtown Miami yeah I expected to see something similar to the Panthers arena that is ridiculous the parking situations yeah they they can't only have the parking because there was yeah I mean I won't go back there and now they're talking about it came by the light somebody came by between two his last night and said they were their last week and it's the worst the nightmare and history but every aspect of it's not finished even though my son stood almost a quarter and a half of basketball to get a soda I mean it's ridiculous it's the exiting and going up to the third level I mean it is ridiculous there's no room it's poorly I think he's looked as the Mickey again I'll be honest with you or it's ridiculous I think the only people that came out ahead were the people with the sweets and stuff that's about it right my hands said it was built for two or three thousand people and for the fans but to them you know it's always that way let me tell you I'm a big guy and those little chairs I didn't fit him I was just like just like the season the corners at the macarina first of all we haven't filled up the arena one time this year for the Panthers they could have built 18000 seats instead of 19 five or whatever it is and then made it look a lot for all the time and and made so maybe a thousand or fifteen hundred seats bigger so you don't have to have like little baby seats for people that sit in the corners but they you know they're a bunch of grave robbers yeah it's terrible and then they don't open the damn turns they also like six to be five last night so they can piss everybody off because they don't want to pay the usher next to a half an hour I just unbelievable yeah I want to be on the list pal I got to run yeah okay hang on put that amigo on the list they're okay 10 56 it's 560 1230 will do the drug and then you'll have to come down tomorrow let me make a very clear tomorrow because we won't have the tickets to the marmorning and pick up your tickets to see the dolphins play in Jacksonville who knows man they got a shot a little mom here and around town from that jackass with a silly silver here that's a remarkably pair we got a shot you see him run up the Danny after that came on Sunday oh yeah yeah we did it yeah and then he kind of like soldered away like get away from me you smell bad you know only one South Florida radio station that's right here we've got two sports radio 560 QAL Oh no don't drag holy bomb they told they'd bring those back to your You say you're always well, or you'll go to hell, it's all up to technically up with you. I hate to say that I'm a man who doesn't go well, so I'm going to live for the opposite ground. You need an NFL dog. If you never hear the jails err long, check out his everything's more strange eyes. They're a very criminal they do tonight. As you can catch the ball, run with the ball with rape and murder, and be alright. As long as they can, it's the bleachers. They're out, sometimes being. The care of you gets bloody long as they're baked upon you, and the lamb is like you do the way you care. You need to be better. Remember them. The old man will be on the ground. You need an NFL dog. If you never hear the jails err long, they're very well-jonged. You're a bad old man. I just dawned on me while listening to that. I never really thought of before that. Back in the days, I talked about this before before we had all this hyped, contrived, a Gary, glitter, and all this stuff. It's all kind of sporting events. There was no, that maybe an organ, which is a music, or just an organ, a swing and organ, which is nothing wrong with that. But people react naturally, however they react. If they got excited, if they were oblivious, whatever. But now everything is orchestrated. So like first it was the way. Everybody's acting like an asshole. They're all doing this, like a bunch of idiots. Now it's like if a sign went up on the scoreboard, anyone of these stadiums or remas that said, take the index finger of your right hand and stick it in your nose, take the index finger of your left hand and stick it in your right hand. You have like 50,000 people, or however many of you read it, 15,000 people stick in fingers in their orifice. Yeah. Oh yeah, here we are. Like this. And they probably come up with a song, or the tune note out. Uh-huh. Yeah. Orch is straighted excitement. Of course, what do you expect? Especially a lot of class tonight, what most of the people are there. I'd say 80% of people are with it, couldn't they give it a crap less? What was going on in the ice? You know, there was our usual corridor, it was my friend Howard Kleinberger, across the way. How you don't hour? And it was something that people in my section, I know very well, who are good devoted fans. What is that in the game? About 100 of us? And I'm sure it's scattered around the arena. There were a few hundred more. And then that's it. And the rest of the people, I was at the office yesterday and this brought had really big teach. And by my, by my, by my, I mean, what are you guys talking about? And why do you talk so freaking loud? Like we got to hear a play by play of your boring life? God. And you wonder why so many people choose to stay home and watch free on TV? Does anybody wonder that anymore? No, I don't. But I, you know, it's right by my house. I enjoyed going there. At least I tried to enjoy going there. I enjoyed the game. It was probably entertaining last night. Pettledy shot there at the end. Here's a river here at B. Chillow. Deal. Yes, sir. This is the old hot walker from River here at beach. And I need you let me off the hook for all time. Say what is that? I took a vow about six years ago to solve the last break. This give you a life and I'm afraid I'm going to let you down. You know, you know what the story is in River here at beach with it, with what your mystery was. What are you talking about, sir? What was lying with your usual shit? Anthony caught it. The Michigan. Yeah. That's the mystery I've been trying to solve. And I don't have an answer for you. I hear it's coming back to some coast high to finish his education. He got a great daughter there. It's running great track. Really? Well, it runs in the family, you know? Well, you know, the only answer. Anybody named Carter usually runs fast. Billy Carter used to run fast after he peed on the walls of our house. He didn't make the old story. He didn't make the old story. He didn't make the whole thing. So, uh, no, Miss Lillian did though. Yeah. She made the wrinkle Hall of Fame. You know the answer to that mystery though, is yes. Two of your favorite people, Bill McCartney and Bo Schermberger. Yeah, I have no idea who the first one is. Who Bill Who? Bill McCartney, who coach the Carter out of FD was in the system at and became of the Born Again Christian. Okay, well, thanks for the good news. Anybody know what he said? No. No. 560, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. So, we can get more great calls like that one from Riverview or Beats. That was pretty special. One at a time. Well, get a call like that from Dayton Broward. I don't think. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, I knew you mean I got to follow that guy. Yeah. Well, it's not much to top. That's pretty bad. You are quite a bit under the weather last night when I came up and taught you. What do you buy at? It's not you. By the way, yeah. You didn't look like yourself last night. Well, man. You're not. You're not. Yeah, you didn't look like yourself last night. Well, man. I just gotten too under going all of this stuff and cleaning up my system. I was a little bit, you know, peek at, so to speak. Plus, not eating for a day and a half. Well, first of all, you're wrong. You wouldn't have 15,000 people, but can fingers in their orbit. But you can't get that many people at the arena. That's why I'm not talking about our arena. And our arena has eight thousand, you do on it. Hey. Even the islander fans up top even said that the Florida fan is stuck. You know, it was pathetic up there. the better we're yelling and screaming. Yeah, I think that last night and we hit a new low. That was the worst ambiance even if going back to the old arena this arena for the second year. Now that was the worst ambiance I've ever encountered going to a Florida Panthers game. That was tragic and they've been winning game after game after game and some of the sour people come up to me, you know, oh well gee what's wrong with it? And I'm thinking of myself why you people bitching complaining and winning every guy and game just about their 50,000 points ahead in their division. They got the biggest lead of any team in the league in their division by a long shot. What's everybody bitching about even on the road now they're winning most of the games? What is the problem? Why are these people so sour? The old it's the same thing it's like no matter whether they're winning or losing, they're not going to show up. They don't want to be there. They are there. They're giving the tip of quite you to that. It's like it's like with Dan Moreno when he was losing everybody says he's stuck. He should retire. He goes to win one game. That's every one of them says he's our savior. After a brewery scored that rule out and what these great past lives on, I thought the same thing that's where my mind had been saying all along. This town doesn't deserve Dan Moreno or Pavell Bre. Not in the lead they don't appreciate him. Hey well there's a few of us up here that are supporting the team every game. Yeah. No I have only missed one game because I was out of town this year, you know, spur all the rest of the people. It was a my section up in 405 was empty. It was maybe a handful of islander fans. Yeah. There was a couple of fans up at the top. They were sitting on their hands. I would say I was I was on the hand maybe 10,000 people or less night maybe. If that. Then I went out on the balcony and looked at parking lot. It was empty. Yeah. So what do you there? Absolutely nobody. Okay. And as far as little alien goes, put him and the Cuban leaders in a 10 foot aluminum boat, a couple of panels, send their butts back to Cuba and screw them off. You want on the list? Yes sir. Okay. Day pain. That's our good buddy. Day putting some on the list. I'm gonna say after 11 at 5.60WQM. Oh, shoot. Yeah. There. This is not a black guy's crowd at the Mcerbeen. By the way, first of all, it was asshole. So they're sitting across the mountain. They're going to roll back. Well, I know not sister. Oh my god. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. Oh, he's with you too. Well, my daddy is my youngest old mother. His mother is my very own. He's very clean. He's the my first goodness me. See, I have this revolutionary idea. What we ought to do with the Mcerbeen and that is have like a special sex out there. They have those big wide hallways. It's beautiful. And just pick one special section and kind of rope it off. You don't do a little rope at all. I'm going to make sure they can't get out. For all the people I want to just sit out there and smooth it. You know, how many, they had these amazing places for people to want to go get dry. They call it the call the called bar. Right? They call bars for people I just want to chill. I don't know. I don't know. Another. And then go dry home and kill somebody on the way. Like Rick Sanchez. That's what they're called bars. Not hockey or winters, not basketball or winters, not baseball stadiums, not football stadiums. They're called bars. And let's go to that tailgate party. Yeah, we only got 14 hours before the game. Just up, not just in disgustingly. One thing that drunks don't understand. Any of them is how obnoxious they are to everybody else. See, they think they're funny. Because they're usually with other drunks and they're all laughing a day. You know, they're laughing in the cackling and puke in each other. And everybody else is looking at them kind of like, like that. Like what's wrong with you, man? Got your mind. And how come nobody kicked those assholes out? You know, they're a whole bunch of, I'm not one on words. Words don't bother me. But when people are bringing their little kids in there, it seems to me that people would be upset. Not that those kids have heard the words before, but they don't want to expose them in that environment. Just some drunken bass. You know, after you and FNA, every other word was F-Tortian. And he got to with 85th beer in between, is the NF, every other one. Could have been a very pleasurable experience there. You're even more to small crowd, but it wasn't. Here's a mobile and del Rey B. Tell him. Hello, Dau Rey. Yes, sir. You know, I just want to tell you a story here. It's not that long. First of all, I don't want to eat. Did you have a main name, Brady? No. I don't think it's, I have an old horse job. I called, I'm a seasonholder, tickets for the Dauphin City Orange Bowl, etc. And I called down here. I figured, well, let's get a few people together. Maybe go up the jack to the, like, club seat. So I called down here. You got a club foot? I got a club foot in the club seat. All right. So I just got a club foot in the club. Back home. It's gone. So I called down here, right? So how many ticks you think they had available to the public that are season tickets to holders? 20 ticks. Yeah. I went to the super vibe. Right? That hurt. I should have, I should have met to me. Hello. How was this, sir? So I just should have 20 tickets. I mean, what happened? Where's all the tickets? I said, well, we'll put the players, the management after they get done. We only have 20 tickets. I can't believe that. Yeah. They're off, jumping them all over the place, I guess. I guess it's season ticket. All that doesn't mean anything. No, I guess not. All right. I guess it makes a lot more sense to stay home. Lots of fun TV for free. You don't have to have those drugs peeping all over you. I thought it would be nice to take a little ride to Jacksonville. It's only five or two to have six. Yeah. And four or five people up there. We just did that. You know, I'm not going to save you. You don't have to waste your money on the gas. And that over price. Food up there. You don't have to be in the middle. All those Yahoo's in Jacksonville. And do all count of, you know. And you can sit home and watch it free on your TV. How do you like that? How do you do on the pop of any good? Oh, no. Okay. They haven't changed. Right. They haven't changed. Haven't written it out. It's kind of like your Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jim. It's Kevin and the Brucey and Brucey and Kevin and maybe Wally once in a while. Have a great day. There you go. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. I think this guy ought to be pleased that it is an efficient let ball away up there. How that didn't have any tickets. Because it wouldn't be a pleasant experience. What did all the while we'll say this. We're going to give these tickets away. And if you have a good time. Fine. If not, don't blame us. We're trying to do something nice. Are we trying to do something nice? No. We're trying to kill some time with it. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I want to talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yes, I am. Hey, how you doing? I'm doing great. Talk about the dolphins. Why? I don't talk about this. Come on. This is not a sports show. Why do I want to talk about the dolphins? Who would you think the chances are? A slim to none. Oh, come on. Are you kidding me? You asked me a question, sir. You want my answer or you want to just let me do agree with you? I think they have slim to none. Jacksonville, Jacksonville, plays in a crappy division in the United States. I'm an marginal game during the year. But the fact is that when you look at their personnel, they happen to have a much better. The dolphins are just because they want to game against the girls team. Does that make them any better than the team that lost six of their rate games the week before that? Of course not. Now, now, did you see what the time is? I don't write the answer. Call those sports nerds. Okay, they'll agree with you. Jump right on the bad wagon. Front running phone. He's front running phone. Yeah, all the way. They squeak by and I do me. Oh, you know, I don't want to pick up a good friend. Hank again, but I will. I'm driving. Where the hell was I going? Maybe the doctor somewhere. And somebody calls him about old and tomorrow. And I'm the only one on this radio stage. You're recognizing that a Linda Marry. He's the guy that if wasn't for him, they would have been out of contention in most of the games this season. Because he's one of the best field role kickers ever came down the kite. And somebody mentions that and acts as well. He's all pro and there's a, well, what more do you want? You don't get it. What do you want us to say? Which I thought and so whoever was running the board that day, you're trying to know, yeah, what's the what's there to say? We'll pack them a sandwich. Something like that. When you don't have any guy damn offense, when the inside the 20 is the dead zone instead of the red zone, and you're going to have a guy who's dependable like he is almost every guy damn time, he deserves a lot of credit and should be talked about. Of course his name ain't Danny and his name ain't Jimmy. Maybe maybe we could have Danny Marae and his brother Jimmy Marae, Danny and Jimmy Marae instead of all in though, which is kind of a strange name anyway. And he's a cracker's can't say that no how. He's Italian I heard from Argentina's what I heard. And don't have anybody calling me like, you'll costel us a lot of 10. Just having them the same since he had that bed experience at this one club, you know? When that guy scored score in his face. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, how's it going? Yes sir. Did you see the first lady last night after David that I don't know? I don't stay up to watch David letter me now. You know, now, you're seeing her up close in that show last night. I can understand why Bill went there. Of course not. Who don't want to touch that bitch? Oh man. I mean, and you know, remember if you see pictures of when she was younger when they were in Arkansas, she looked just like the daughter looks now. What's that? I could never think of the name of the daughter that we're trying to look and daughter there. What's her name? Chelsea. That's the guy. That's the only thing she had that freaky hair and she was, she was a mess. Then she's a nice, now they're ice princess. She was just in a not just little bitch and I was just a rag on Julia. She says that. Good for her. He's a fashist pig, okay. I say a plague on both her houses. Well, he's a fashist. He's a fashist. He's a Nazi, really, Julia. He's the Ken Jenny of New York. I take Linda trip over her. Uh-huh. I'm that how bad. Okay, we'll have a good time with Linda until I'm still looking for her son. 5670560, pound 560. You're smoking about that. That's not a joke. That's serious business. I'd like to trip over him. Have a little sip and fall. Slipping slides. 560, pound 560. On the AT&T wireless line as we tried desperately who'd have registered some more people. Not going to be much of a contest at 1230 when we draw a name out of a year. I'm like, uh-huh. Oh, you know, I saw that last night too. Very sad. Right there in our section. Some young kid with a schmata on his head, you know, with the, with the, uh, bottle of that Bobby. Turns out what they call him. Bobby pins that keep those things in their hair. Yes. Oh, you know how sad that is. On you Jewish kids out there, just say, Oh, and mommy or daddy try to tell you you're going to have to walk around all your life when I schmata on your head. Just say, no. Time to go back to the tenth world. Okay, go back to the Stone Age. And quit. I had to quit trying to impose their stupidity on you. That just breaks my heart when I see that. So I was like, you know, religious or ethnic group would have to, it's at least with a Mormon. You can't see the magic underwear. Now, what are those kids doing? Jim class. Huh? I have to go into the shower. Oh, gee, Johnny, look at that. He's got funny underwear there. You don't get to wear the magic underwear until after you're married. You don't? No. You're not a god until after you're married. I would think we'll be the other way around. You wear the magic underwear. It's hard to do a poker truth or you know, but if once you're married, huh? Then you want a little bit of freedom. Then it's okay to be having 20 or 30 or 40 kids. That's what the Osmond said. It's a privilege that you have to earn those undies. Is it really? Oh, yeah. Now, are they ever staying a little bit of your thinker? What? No, not then. Now, let me ask you this. And say, after we're all the time, if you're like going for a colonoscopy and you're doing the prep, and you have to drink that floor roll, whatever that is, or that go lightly and call it. Believe me, I didn't go lightly. Okay. I went. Definitely an awful, but now, you get to take those off when you're in the undies and do them from now. They have to use a seam rip around the edge. Oh my god, I hate when I have it. What if you have bad aim? Talk about heavy duty experience. Four more, you know. Pour all these poor kids raised with these stupid religions. Have to walk around like a bunch of zombies. Just saying, no, tell your parents, give them the buff on goal. Okay, Tom, if they want to live like a bunch of stupid barbarians, that's okay. It's not for you. That's what you tell them. Next, come here. By the way, the food on the way from our good friends at Atlantic City subs, if we love them, profusely, they're great. God, are they wonderful people, huh? To put up with us. Thank God. Here's a crawl spring, fellow. I'm Neil. Yes, sir. I think it's great that the stadium is empty. 10,000 less people standing up in front of me yelling with the kids. I'm going to hockey games. Yeah, but why should it be empty for quite a lot of the team is kicking ass. You got the most exciting player in the world. What does that say about this town? If they can't say that play out even one? I just pulled down three years ago from New York. Yeah. How you should go to all the range of games. It was great. And then I'm going to tell you something. Even though the islanders are pretty pissed for a team, that was an exciting game last night. What is a good game, but it was exciting? At least it was an exciting game. Right. It was in the blowman out game. Right. And now the other thing is, what are we going to get a new stadium? Yeah, right. We do for one. Miami just got one. Let's get one. Yeah, that's right. Let's have one in date brown and in Palm Beach. Why not? Why not by me, chloro sprints? Okay. Next week. Okay. 560-705-60. Yeah. Palm 560. On the AT&T Roth. Too bad about that carnival cruise ship, by the way. What endmiki here? Some manys sure is having problems these days. You know? I keep telling you people just say, no. Just say no to the religious nothing. Just say no to the cruise ship people. Unless you want to be a captive audience. See, I know it's very difficult to understand. But once you're out there at a cruise ship in the middle of the ocean or where it is. You're going to have to head you are. And something bad happens, or you're having a bad time, or like on this one, or something bad happen, or all the toilet stop working, and all the electric went out. And they weren't telling the truth, which is just like around here at QAM. Greg Reed ought to be the director of a cruise line. He'd be great. To tell tales. They're all there's nothing wrong. Those big flames just see it's just a show. Okay. Yeah. Just a show. All that smokey smell. It's just we're getting more barbecuing. I mean, based carnival corporation that word largest cruise operator said a generator or board of cruise ship celebration. What an aim. Let's play the song. How come on? Let's celebrate. Who seems that, cometer? Close. No. Celebrate. Bye. Cool in the game. I would never have got that. Stool in the game. Anyway, the cruise ship celebration caught fire about midnight near Jamaica. No one was reported to enter and damages still being assessed. Are you sure? Cooling the game. Sing a celebrate? I like that song. In fact, I'd much rather hear that. Why would we play that after we're goal celebrate by cooling the game? Instead of God, they're still going to get me a fan at that at that at that at that. Oh, I'm telling you. If I could just remake the world through the eyes of God. You're truly. Believe you me, it would be a much more fun place to look. Trust me. I'm going to be a great week for everybody when you go to the game. And by the way, people with these smoking pottener wouldn't be like, I'm not just in loud and disgusting like that. And they'd be buying a lot more food than the concession stands to. There you go, Wayne. There's a way to make a lot of money. You can even afford to pay the usher's the extra half hour. Three week for everybody to panther game. God. And those concession stands to the lines of the be as long as they're at the Macqueror at the other arena. As the Mickey Arena. Mouse. God, am I wrongs up today? Now, I have a little under here. We go like I said, it's the Commodore's. They sound like the Commodore's. I don't think I said close. And if you get into the game with the seat with the king, please do the king. Huh? You're on the gang, I'm 2 am. The boat, Sony's sports showhouse. Are you up to the challenge? No, Saturday morning, today. Only on sports radio 5.62 a.m. Get the Hoover out the more mine now. I took a day at the Silver's. Just a little bit. Hey, you're Jennifer. I just need to check looking at me. Did he look me in the eyes? Hey, you're Chevy. You work pretty hard on his steak, huh? Took one. Three, four hours. Well, they rove her. Well, now it's dark meat. Never look me in the eyes. And now, a typical evening at the Silver's just alone household. You took big man's life to learn. Wonder how he like you chicken soup? Hot or cold? We've always out in Newties. And we... Maybe I dip my boys in it for a little sliver. I hope you enjoy the appetizer Mr. Don't look me in the eyes. Don't... With the shell. It's 11.30 at 5.60. If you come kind of at the Tokyo Costello, get the number every time he hears that. Here's a good letter to the editor. And one of our papers is this morning probably the sun'scent, because it makes too much sense. And both papers, 95% of the letters they've been printed in the editor, which of course they're always based in proportion to whatever they're getting. Our likes say the same thing. Like cut the crap and send them back home. It says, whose freedom says, Anthony Melendez in Fort Lauderdale. It says, let me try to get this. The Cuban community does not want to send alien Gonzalez back because Castro's anti-democratic Cuba's Thompson human rights and takes away their freedom. The Cuban's create traffic slow-down to protest the ironest decision. While doing this, they stop on the rights of a democratic majority who believe the most basic human rights belong to that father. The Cuban community says it loves the West Democratic system, but it acts to create anarchy. Why should I defend my freedoms? How do you like that? Ask Anthony Melendez. He says, Why? Yeah. Nice going Anthony Goodlutter. And I could read 50 million more, but I won't waste the time. All same pretty much the same thing. Cut the crap. Cut the crap. We had to have a protest out there in the streets, and that's what we all have to just chant. Cut the crap. Cut the crap. And stop threatening. Threatening and threaten. All we can't say what will happen if he goes back, and we can't say, and we want everybody to be on guard. What is the word? I'm not on guard. I'm ready. Ready on command. Standing by. Waiting for the signal. So they can go out there. It's like a bunch of puppets. You wind them off. But it means better. And they start to do another thing. Hyperventilating. What a pile of. And thank God that's not the turningists into a political circus here. Like they do it over there in Cuba with all those pony rallies with the t-shirts. Thank God they're not doing that here. Right. See what's good for the goose. Like they say in Newfoundland, what's good for the goose is good in gender is what they say in Newfoundland. Those new fees. Which by the way, how come it's an hour and a half ahead up there? What kind of time is that? Is there any other time zone in the world? That's unlike a half hour or so? No. I don't think so. They're the only one. Only those very, very strange people like Bob Cole from the CBC that's got four hairs on his head and comb's him like off of the side to make it look like he's got some hair. Here's lots of hat you. Hello. Good morning sir. Yes, they're pretty good. You are a full energy to do on the Friday day, baby. No, they cleaned you out. Yeah, yesterday my back bones on fire today the rest of me is. Is that fleets up to what do they sit your feet? Is it what now? It's called a phosphosodal. Can you take a look at the tape? No, the tape's literacy. Or lemon ears. I thought you're saying, Citric C. Oh, no, no. Is it tape literacy? I don't know. No, I think you left the letter off the first part of that. Yeah. I think we'll have the age out of the acid tricyc. I'm calling the rip your station kneel. Go right ahead. Point golf 91. I am a hard working farm. We're up and off to Hatchy. Yes sir. I'm packing some vegetables right now. You're packing it right now? Yes sir. I'm heading down there because I have to make it a delivery on the west side of the airport. I'm getting off into the palm metal and your station is about to be a traffic report. And the guy's like, well, it's the bigger sucks. I've ever seen it right before he got to wear a hat. It got him off and put on a promo for your station. I think we were to hurry. Actually, we're here. I am stuck on the palm metal. Well, we don't have time. We got to make spots around. Make it only take a, there's an accident. But we don't have time to take a. The worst part is my veggies are packed in mice. So here I am sitting there dripping all over the place. Yeah. Because I'm in a pickup. But, you know, that's just to the producer you suck in the morning. Well, you fudge back them and surmach. Make it on the lift. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Have a great day. I thought I was waiting because I thought maybe wanted his name. Oh, no, he did sick and I get on the list. I wasn't here that. I wouldn't get what is he still there. I hope I pray or not. Because I hung up on him. I didn't hear what I didn't understand what he said. Oh, he is there. Thank goodness. Because he was a decent guy, huh? He's a hardworking guy. He's busy packing at morning to midnight. He wants his name on was plus we only got 56 minutes to go to 1230. When I pull a name out of a smota. Oh, God. It's just, why do I care about those things? Why do I care about the fact that there are six twisted people out there living in the dark ages that forced their kids to embrace the same craft that they were alive their lives around? What is schmoth is under it with a bobby pins. Oh, makes it brings tears to my eyes. Makes me want to start all over again if I had any, but I don't. I've been left. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to celebrate my rare earth. We used to be known as the flood line. It was on the 3rd of grandma who was in the front of the thing. You find it? Yes, that's not bad. Remember that? Listen. Those ticket broke as man. They ought to be arrested. I've been trying to get tickets and they beat the Seattle up there and I can't. It's $300. I think it's a super pole. 300 bucks? Yeah, man. It started at 189. 225. I wouldn't pay 35 cents to go with you that crap. Well, I'm going up there anyway. I like to stop there and watch the game. Yeah. I'm about back. Are you want to be on the list? Is that what you're saying, sir? I'm about to be on the list. Okay. I'm going to, I must be a little slow. I don't know. I guess these people are a little bit nervous to come around and say, put my name on list, God, damn it because otherwise they figure I'll cut them off right away. Because I'm loaded with energy today. Am I loaded with it? That's all I got as energy. I don't have any crap for today because believe me, I'm all gone. But what's that number on the other timeline? By the way, just in case, maybe somebody in the West Coast has got something to say or really doubt it or someplace else or I can pump each. 877-785-6345. 877-785-6345. I know that's an, I don't want to start preaching again, but fat is definitely not worth that. Fat Rich was telling me by the way, he's doing okay. Totally the other day he had an angioplasty emergency in the hospital and bat his hospital. He was telling me the other day about how they do that thing. They stick, they stick, they tube up through your groin. And the artery through your groin. Oh, God. And then when they finished a procedure and opened up your oya clogged artery, which he had one artery that was almost completely closed off, which now all of a sudden he can breathe and feels better, which I wonder why. Then they pull that thing out and they have to put a plug into the, where they made the hole in your groin. Ahhhhhhhhhh! Exactly. And they have to hold it in there 30 minutes so your blood can start coagulating. It can start healing up again. So that, because if they pull a plug out, all the blood starts spurting out, which Yoke has still can relate to. Things spruiting out wildly in all directions. So fat is definitely not worth that. I know it's a lot more fun to talk about fish food and great restaurants. I've been fighting this with myself with the audience for 24-guid damn years now. But the fact is that American people are fat and dying from it. And I think that this was my last hurrah this last to go around here with this viral infection. Because I'm be honest, I thought for sure. If it wasn't the heart, it was the stomach, it was the fact that it was something. When you walk around a fat slob, most of your adult life, in bad health, no exercise, with a big public. And believe me, I got a small pup who compared to most of you fat slob's out there. Like so many of you people I see at the hockey games can barely even move, can barely even water around there. Fat is not worth that. I mean, I realize, you know, it's a capitalist country. We got to make a lot of money for all the food people, all the restaurants, all the food probably, all the supermarket. But enough is enough already. Stop for the fat. Enough for the fat. Please, I'm begging you stop with the fat. You fact I heard that Brook Dang is it's not a hunchback thing. I hear she's going in for a suction job. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil, let's go. Okay. Hey, you know what? I totally forgot what was going on. Oh, no. One thing that was going to be, before I lost what I thought was going to say was, I think that another country should step in and say, look, what's right is right. But they probably have too much, too many other things going on. They know what's right. And I found them as well. Yeah. What do you just say? What do you say? Another country should step in. Oh, yeah. Okay. Oh, man. Woo! Is this difficult today? Oh, it's not to be a tough exercise for this audience. I'm sorry. I apologize. See, this happens every time I get a little bit of energy, which luckily doesn't happen very often. But now I do. And every time I get like a head of them, it's like, oh, is he, we can't keep up with use pal. We're in South Florida. We're a little bit on the slow side. It's a little kind of dull down here. Just look at that crowd we had last night. Oh, I'm serious. That was, that was the most. I'm not talking about our regular folks through their all the time. There were a few of us. But I mean, that was the most bizarre gathering. I've ever had the disc privilege of sitting amongst even those old dolphin views. The ones. Hey, you spilled my beer, God damn. I got to beat the cram. Yeah. What did you say? This looks like a chronic handwriting. Doesn't it perform the chronic practices? Which I can't read it anyway. Oh, he wants, oh, yeah. It's back, it's back, it's back. It's back, it's back. It's back. You got the list of the tickets. No, no, no, thank you. dolphins, hurricanes, plus Sunday and money night football. Your football superstition is sport radio 5.6 EQA. One million times for new rogers, even the years I'll one, two, three. I made a through college and average this week. I have a lot of money. But not much of a brain. Like most of you voters who were just this late. But I could say one thing that you came. My dad used the next present thing. I got money. Power in the afternoon. I could do everything I used. The thing that made a cash is all I mean. Is that as far as my ego and my brain. One is just the only. And it's related marketing is all I use. A gardener votes for more. I'm just like you. This is a fashion school and they pay. Yeah. I don't think I left that. That's good. Just remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't. You can kiss my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes and ask conversation things. On the king of denial too. I have no problem. Lying to you. So why is it so important for you to know. Whether or not I did blow. I didn't go in a cocaine of my nose. A little bit of tooth. A little blow. When I'm elected I'll put it in. Well that. When I put up the constant drink and can. Oh, right. It's 145 at 5. It's 50 W. Kim Hankle. The other flag of this afternoon. Pungent is brains out. We got her a cool hotline six o'clock. And then seven o'clock and I get for the life of me. I can't figure out why except that they sold the bill of goods to somebody. We got the baseball with blue. We got churless. Why is that to be doing something anyway? You know, the books here. Which is better than talking about. And you know what. And then we got a couple and after that crap. Okay, where we going? Taking names to a 12 30. We're taking prisoners and taking names. And then we'll have the drug and then we'll talk about important stuff. Like how come you didn't win? Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. First time calling here. All right. I'm a college student. And I live in sunrise. And I love going to the hockey game. Uh-huh. But the thing that I noticed about the fans there. Is nobody will show up now. But you watch them play off time. All those running phony. You know, people like myself. We ought to make a rule right now that those people can't get Play off tickets. All those running phony. We ought to find somebody to barricade them out. And having every year, I try to get tickets to the playoffs when they come. And all the front running phony is the corporations. Whoever buys the ball of seats. And all the people who love going. And actually know a little bit about hockey. Yeah. Get shut out. It's like what they do at the World Series when they average fan can't even buy a ticket because all the seats are given away to the corporate assholes. Exactly. Just the same thing with the Super Bowl. Right. One more thing. Can you get on the list new? Yes sir. Thank you. Hang on pal. And watch out for those redneck drop from the macarina. Yeah, we read. We sunk to a new low. And what I don't understand is this. It's supposed to be the season now, right? The snowboards are back. And whatever. I don't get it. It's the season. So you would think that place would have been jam packed. You thought they were packing it last night. But no way Jose. Very illophargic, you know, kind of like a half-assed, I just don't understand. And then to hear the conversation when they are actually attempting to talk about something that's going on up there, they don't know God damn Pablo Burry from my pop lawman is done. They haven't got any clue what's going on out there. Hey, it was that big sparse right there. Look at him keep falling down. He's pretty funny. You're right. Nice dumb penalties again there Peter. Here's a mobile and boating beach, you know. Yes. Sir. How are you doing now? Okay. Question. How do I get in this place? I think I have to do to get to this pick it. Probably you'll find some material. Go on and get a search party, sir. Find some material called back with something to say. And then at the end of that, the conclusion of saying something interesting, illuminating, amusing worthwhile being on a radio at that point, you'd say, would you please put me on? Let's not say sure, Jess. And then you'd be on a list. But in your case, the answer is no. Your Chiero Abla, no. Abla, is that how it goes? Your Chiero Abla, no. Something like that. What did he say? Your Chiero Taco Bell. That's exactly. If you wasn't that tight backwards, if you backed mask it, he says your Chiero Taco Bell. I thought he was asking for an airplane since you got everything on one. And by the way, after that's where Channel 10 got the clip of his first recorded fart, American Swell, was after the Taco Bell. After too many interredo. Woo. You're seeing Cuba. They've got no Taco Bell because that's not Cuban food. Is it Cuban food? No. No, there's no horse meat in it. Here's a mobile and Fort Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? I just want to make this short and sweet. I would love to get on the list for tickets to the game and Jacksonville. Five, six, but my answer was short and sweet, too. Wasn't it? And right to the point? No. It sounded just like that. I think it was. No. I'm not doing that. So that's not a radio show. That's, now I did. I did came in today because this is something special. And we got to, we could be something special. We got a shot. And there are a lot of people out there who would love to go to that game. I have for the life of me. No idea why anybody would want to go to Jacksonville for anything quite frankly. But nevertheless, I'll assume where these delusional people, who actually think that Miami's got a shot in that game. They got a shot. And you know something, maybe they will win. Maybe Jacksonville will play like that against a couple of the girls teams there. Because they're not so great to begin with. But again, everything is relative. They're not so great. But when you look at this team, at this bunch of, and at great running game, you know. Yeah. And a defense that really knows how to gag and choke just at the right time. Okay. When the tuck gets going, the dolphin defense vanishes. When the going gets tough. How is that? How does that go? So anyway, here's the cool thing to gain. Yeah. How come we don't play this is the game. What's going on? Like after a goal, you celebrate. Right. It wouldn't be a million times better than that goddamn cramp. Oh, Jesus Christ. If I have to hear that cramp one more time, what's that under by the way? Rock and roll apart to 8,000. As Mark VanderMir would say, it's under. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Let's have a little bit of a time. It's here. Wouter. Here we go. Come on. Take the noise, baby. Take the noise for the boy. Here we go. I just louder in your gym. Go to the gym. Go to the gym. Go to the gym. Go to the gym. Go to the gym. Okay, so. Oh. Little sneaky there on the end, huh? On the old, uh, back home in. 10 till noon at 5, 60 WKM, where I have it a great Thursday, whatever Helday it is. I haven't got any idea. Of course, Monday, George will be better. He's not sick tomorrow. We're already playing these these ahead of time. I can't imagine feeling better. I'll be here today at tomorrow most of the day, and then of course, who knows what will happen when I leave. But, uh, and George will not. And then Monday, of course, is Martin Luther Cune Day, which I take off every year and study on kipper. Because taking off you on kipper, like one of those people who are worth the schmoth on, I had would be totally hypocritical. I don't take off for silly religious holidays. Do I? No, never. No. But for Martin Luther Cune Day, I do take off because there's somebody we can respect. There's somebody who should have a day was Martin Luther Cune, who's a great man with some big balls. Which have an ugly got a lot of exercise, but that's his business. And eventually we javed your who was well, Javed your who were wanted to know about people's balls and whether we're going on what they were doing kind of like to a castella. He didn't want to know. Yeah. He's a real balls on guy that's your castella. That's what I've always heard. But that's another story for him to tell on that great motorsports Saturday show. I'll probably be telling you about that. In fact, he'll probably cut. We're close with Jeff Gordon. Jeff here's about that from what I'm hearing. And of course, Jeff Gordon is one of those religious nuts. You know, who goes on it? And we got the archbishop of Miami with those awful spots on there. Because this is the year to come back to the Lord. Yeah, we want your money is really what he's trying to say. Yeah, that's exactly what that's all about. And then we got the Reggie White, you know, Mr. Humbleful, Mr. I never met a fact that I wanted to get a shower with unless they looked really good. And Jeff Gordon, and all these other religious assholes on there preaching to everybody. Stop preaching already. Will you place? No, no. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Sir. Roger made the, your back in the world. Everything is out okay. It came flying out. Listen, have you heard of the new controversy that started up, yes, yeah, I guess with Commissioner, Reggolato. No. Yeah, he, well, I know about him. He's an asshole. Yeah, he's an asshole. And he's going, he's going to go up against Captain Rodriguez. Because he said that Captain Rodriguez and his people used too much access to force at the protest on 57th Avenue Flagler last week. And he says, although we will have more demonstrations. It's a, it's a force. I mean, when they let the people take over the Flagler street, yeah, I ended up with the force push the back and they knocked off about two cans of dirt gas. He said I would success a force. Yeah. And then he's making threats to the police department. Has anybody told them that he has no jurisdiction over the police? He don't care. Is that how he does it? No. They just make it up as they go along. Oh. That's the way they do it. And they have been in the public. Anyway, they're going to go to head to head. They said today at the Commission chambers, and they're going to, uh, supposedly revolve the situation. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Thanks for the good news. 560560, pound 560 on the 18 and two. Well, it's lying year after year, century after century. The same old tired burned out pieces of drug. Okay, Maurice Burray. Uh, Xavier Harvey or Swar is depending on how he's pronouncing it this week. Jocat Royo Tomasura del Aoto Ramon, Salo Sanchez, Jose Bozoso, the same old tired retreat with the same old tired song. And you know something like everybody in this town says, whether they're Cubans, whether they're Anglo's, whether they're whatever the hell they are, whether they're white black green, purple, whether they're upside down, younger, or off of this crap. That pull on Michael Pudding. Nice going there, Mike. Why, why would you, Michael Pudding's embarrassed to be working at Channel 10 after the thing later yesterday? Playing the little, uh, alien farting. That was bad. Oh, did you see what it's, if it smells like eggs, it means he wants to go back. If it smells like beautiful, uh, uh, lilac, it means he wants to stay here. Oh, it smells like lilac's to me. Smells like roses to me. Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, Neil. Good value back. When is this? Neil. One thing, uh, it's got to come and sleep. Number one, um, how much I'm going to call you from, uh, you know, Bobby Fielus is, uh, great guy that he's playing in, be able to die and everybody's, you know, interesting and baller the subject. Um, number two. What is there to say he died in a car crash? You got him. What is there to say about it? Well, I mean, you know, I mean, I guess everybody's interested in one of the things like a protest and all this, you know, stupid things. Uh, but anyway, Neil, number two is, um, I do cover a Spanish for his station and I do a little sports with a partner on my, and I went to the heat and the, and guess we sold her. Very jackass. Uh, no, no. Now I know what they're kind of very jack-adden and they're thumping the jackass and my little fact. He's an asshole. I couldn't believe this guy knew. I mean, this guy was a, I'm, I'm nerd ever since he was more normal. Or I mean, uh, we, we have some full steps. And I'm like, man, there's some lady following us. We turn around and show you know, if it was in, you know, looking down running closer to the floor, you know, and what a jackass. And I got such a jackass, you know, so I don't pick any man, but, uh, hey, you know, you're saying the truth. Okay. Um, can I build the list now? Yeah, I'm sure you're a whole lot. I was pretty weak, but hold on to your, very jackass. You know how to do it, hang on. Yeah, see, either the right thing. You rip very nice. Of course, that's not difficult. Back to him. He's got several as one I hear. Very jackass. There's a real mystery there. He's got the pictures. Baby, he, I bet he's got copies of the same pictures that Rose Folger's got over there at the Clear Jam. Uh-huh. Because you notice all the rocks, like just like here, San Duké. He was a piece of crap anyway, but he takes the fall, but that OJ is actually that golf tournament. And certain other people I don't want to mention, stick around for a long, long time. People that were a lot more comfortable than he was, whatever that word means. And same thing over there, people keep dropping like flies. We had a little party in our pants over here. The John Forgas fire. Oh, not that we hate him like poison, but in this case, we'll like an exception. No talent means spirited. Nurti little twerp. Have I made myself clear? No. Four minutes till noon is five, 60 W to kill. Another 30 minutes, another half hour will take some names. Although we don't really have them in the names on list of you. Honestly, we're just probably that is good. Because the people look at their names on it. They like it that way. It increases their chances. Better than when the guy damn lottery, I'll tell you that. And don't forget, you'll be able to pick the tickets up tomorrow. Don't come here today and then start whining. Come tomorrow if you're the winner because we don't got to me up today. That'll give you plenty of time to get in your car and head for the Hershey Highway. Go up there with all his yos, up in Jacksonville. We're probably their middle name is all like that. A Neil Roger show. Sports radio. Five, 60s. You, A, M. W, you, A, M. My family, my family, my family. Oh. I'm going through a bedroom with no. All right. And by the edge of the different one we get there. I'm going to do that as a little bit more. With no. I got it on the new. It's your play for the fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot the chances. I've been on the bench once upon a time. I'm a junior on the rugby, and I'm a loser. And I found out that the limit changed me with the dice. Why did that bitch tell me? Who was too dark to see? She'd be the better person of the pit. It's not scared of these. People will be down. The number of people in the world is in the world. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. The H is in the queue. It's going to start a ward on there. Before they do, I got an idea. What the queue was I to do is start a bacon call. We can call it the sperm national bag, the free Cuba. Okay, great. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I'll just lie. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I know how you don't like the ride. Miami Gardens Drive and 15. There's about 5 of them out there. Yeah. I'll find my name on the list. What are you saying? You're a label for your name on list. Listen, small hang on, pal. Pretty weak. You can give us a spot. Probably least you try to help you. There's any try to help you out. Oh, we just try to give you a name on list. Maybe made it up. I don't care. Put them on a list. You started like a great American to me. Any spoken English? Probably a lot of whatever you name is. How's that in a corner? What are you doing by the way? See, that's what they care about. People like silly people like Al Stracken. People like Joe Rose, my good friend, a little dog. You know, hey, how you doing with the ladies? We believe he's. Oh, God. Every time I see I saw Joe in there this morning. I went in there and held up one of my samples from the, I moved by the posthats from my test yesterday. Every time I look at him, I think of a... Uh, Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, every time I see him. Here's a Delray beat, wait a minute. Hope sound. You know, hope sound. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I was listening to one of the sports shows last night. And we're talking about the, the brewery brothers being on the, all start team. On the year on the world all start team. Yeah. What, what possibility could there be of them actually playing together or the Panthers? Putting them in the tree. Ever getting them in on the tree or something? None. Countries not going to do that. No. The best player that got. Superstar. While they trade the brewery, another brewery to watch, they're not going to do that for And, uh, and there's no way you're going to have. Oh, man, I'll say, uh, there, there's the, uh, uh, okay. But another great Panther fan there for a 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp, yeah, there would be something. We got the best player in the world right now, okay. And nobody's coming out to see if, why don't you, no, do people are here. You have a hearing problem? Uh-huh. God. They're not coming out to see this team now. The team is winning like crazy. They've got 75 trillion points. They're 25 million points ahead of the next post is Carolina losers. Girls team, okay. They're kicking ass. They win game after game. Even when they play crappy because they're puking their guts out with a Flu like last night. They still win a game. And these people, they did they still don't show up. I mean, they could have Pablo Burre, Frank Mahabalich, Johnny Bauer, God damn Gordie House, Bobby or Wayne Gratsky, Drake Burre House, and these people still wouldn't show up. No. No. Because like I've told you for how many years and boy, I still, I get on the ground, I pray. I don't know who I'm praying to, but I pray to somebody that I somehow survived doing those stupid hockey shows that Rimmer talked me into. Even though I do appreciate the ride home yesterday, Rimmer. He's a good guy, but nevertheless those shows, they start. Yes, they did. Doing a, and like I said, it's like doing a show about, about Hall of Law and to the Eskimos. Is there anybody going to listen to that? No. No. Like doing it like Mr. Eagle used to do, doing a show on here about baseball cards. How many people over the age of 10 are collecting baseball cards? Unless the Raxu is about 10. Probably the same people are in a fantasy craft fantasy life. Exactly. Otherwise, see that lunches here. Thank God, thank you so much, sir. We're just we're polishing over here. From Atlanta City, subs. Scott, you're a good friend. I know my good friend Scott. What is wrong with you? I know you're off your feet a little bit today. What? What do you say is that most brand? I'm sorry. You know something after a while when you start getting old and seeing out, with all the dual apologies, everybody starts blending it together. Scott and Brad and the guys from Dunkin Donuts and all those other, you know. All of our Atlantic City subs is at the top of the list. And I'm just saying that because you're here, of course. No, sir, if we say that all the time, don't we say it all the time? All the time. Because we like it a good free lunch. It is a good and it's free. Thank you. And it's great. Where are we going? Here's the Delray Beach. I'm sorry. We were supposed to be next to him. Hello. Hi, how are you? Okay. I want to first wish you were welcome you back from yesterday. Welcome you back from yesterday. It was dry. It wasn't bad. It wasn't bad at all. It was nothing. Thank God. If that was the worst procedure, I'm never going to put it in the I haven't my life to Laced it in my eyes at a box. Your life is great. Wonderful. I also wanted to say, you had time that has that through. He nothing to say. You are the master. Yes, I am. I also heard a room of, I think Georgia stated that they might give you a chance to broadcast out of this world. Adulation from your rainers. That's a little town with Asians and Cubans. Right. That is possibility. Yeah, I'm going to talk about it. At least part of the year anyway. Oh, really. I'd be wonderful. Can I put my name on the list? Sure. No problem. We're good. Such job hang on. Not automatically. Not seriously. You had the right technique. You're a person. Sounds like a voice of experience. Okay. Take put him on the list. Because we got to get a few people on there. So at least it makes it like a little contest. And then we get on the important stuff in 12 30. No, that's 560 WQM. Hey, Captain, with no scores. Starting at 10, of a last 10 and. We've got only on 4 30560 in A.M. All right, now. I got a little song here for the best rise in the world. For. That air should go. And she goes again. To the Lord my son. My uncle's faithfulness. Explanations. Her son there runs him behind me. All right, now. There's a shame going. So far away from me. But don't go worry about me. Well, she can't play in the sky. All the four are dead. Oh. Hopefully the time 15 got to the 4 a.m. Not a by my good post personal friend. My best friend Scott who just brought us a pretty lunch from Atlantic City. So it wants me to remind you about the Super Bowl Super Sub Bowl special. To feed 10 lime and 15 cheerleaders for 59. Five whole subs party platter of your choice home made beach bomb a brownie tray a beach bomb brownie tray a bomb brownie tray a bomb brownie. Back home. Something like that. Two pounds of potatoes out to pound the coal. Two to three to bottles of coke or it must be placed 72 hours before kickoff. How they're going to do that. Oh, this is the Super Bowl. I'm sorry Atlantic City subs column and that there's stuff is always great. Although I do have a little this I think when in my nose is like that. A little bit of my sub one in my nose. I'm not a five six seven. Oh, five sixty. How come I'm given the numbers up when I line to love because I'm children time that we don't have so many people on the list. I'm trying to frustrate the your colors. Here's a poloque. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I think a few hockey games are sharing that the people have been off in the office and drunk. Why don't they do like they do it. The Dalton Stadium cut the liquor off at half time. But what you're forgetting though, a PP park in all football stadiums is that they get a lot of money and they start tail getting and by the time the game even started, they're already tanked out of their skull. So what could this do to cut it off after the third quarter or whatever they do it? Yeah, but after the after half time they cut off the Dalton Stadium and the people are drinking or sleeping by the fourth quarter. Yeah. When you start to tell Garth Payton and Jay parties the day before and then they'll be asleep. They can just throw their answers in the seat and they can sleep to the game and not bother the crap out of the rest of us. I know it's terrible. And you know, is anyone get on a list? Sure. No problem pal. No material but put them on a list that'll make it look good. Make it look kosher. Here's Miami. Hello. Master. I'm pissed off about. I just turned you on this morning. Yeah. I heard about your, you're, uh, received your instrument. I had to go through that. But I, I think it was called a flexible, thick, moiter scope. Mm-hmm. Well that, that's painful. It wasn't flexible. Mm-hmm. I need you as your back dome. Yeah. Uh, the guy didn't even, I mean, I don't know. You got, you were under anesthesia? Yes. I didn't. Don't remember any. So I've had that too. It's called a spig, I was spig won't ask a thing. That's no fun. I know it. Uh, they pull okay while they're getting, they stick it in your back dome. And they're too, too. And then they keep twisting and pushing. Oh, just this little more and it's a problem up here. And they're S&M guys, you know. And they blow the, they blow the, the air up there. Yeah. And uh, the thing to do is when they blow the air in there, like, Give me that catch, you know, blow right back. The nurse, he finishes up. No problem. Just like everything's fine. She says you better go on the bathroom and sit for a while because, uh, the air has to come out. It does. And I said, all right. So I sat in there for 15, 20 minutes. Nothing to happen. Nothing happened. I figured what the hell? I guess everything's, everything's done. You know, the couple things came out. I put my clothes on. I leave the office. I put it in my car. The lady reaction huh? Five minutes into my ride home. All health broke loose. Uh-huh. All over the place. Did you can't control it? I felt like a 90 year old, uh, you know, Yeah, but it seemed to be, would a swing went on to be. All you do is a little bury a minimum of the night before right. No, they had me drink that magnesium site treat stuff, which you write. It doesn't taste all at that. So I don't understand. So if you were totally clean out, how do you have anything? I wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, I don't want to get to grab the, wasn't brown. It was just, it's liquid. And get it all over the, so what's the problem with that? Oh, good. Let's tell somebody you spilled your aviatar. I thought about your story, but on the way home from work that day. Just tell somebody you just spilled your, uh, mineral oil. And I'm 20. Or we're talking to you. I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, taking a zan, what does that zan call? Is that a cow? Whatever that is. Yeah, I'm only this jar. Loose oil. This jar, that's all. All right. I can, I could on the list for you on panel. I'm glad you survived. Thank you. Okay, I'm lying to put him on the list. Yeah, he survived the military. He had a loose discharge. But I didn't know everything was okay. Here's Volk, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, go ahead. I don't know anything. I came out beautiful. No pun intended. And we thought too, yeah. And touching on that subject with the panthers, I think a social event is putting it lightly. From time to time, I've been lucky to go to the skybox. And I enjoy the games. And you sit there and these guys eat just drink and smooth. And like you can talk about the dark. Exactly. I think it's just a, These guys behind me. If you guys want to have a goddamn much better, you know, go out there and in the hall, wait, they got lots of food. They got boozed. They got whatever you want. Sit out there at a table. They ought to sit up picked and tables out there. And get those people out of the arena while a game is going on. Exactly. And then they bring their kids up there too. And it's just it's unbelievable. Yeah. You know, it's, I don't think it's an event for children. I mean, unless they're at least over the age of six. Yeah. Who knows? At least over 13, right. Exactly. And I got a friend of that procedure done. It's not really a big deal. No big deal at all. I'm only taking what I'm calling. These people call me on Tuesday. Oh, that stuff tastes so bad. And you'll be gagging. And then, oh, it's so big solid and dance with a colonoscopy. It's nothing. They have a big, they have a big, we know it's when that'll happen. They have a pretty great anesthetics now. They put you out the last thing you remember. He's talking to the guy that's going to stick the needle in your arm. And that's it. You're out. You wake up, but it's all over with. Exactly. No big deal, huh? No. That's stuck around to be on that list by the way. No problem, pal. Appreciate it. Okay. And watch your backside. 560, 50560, pound 560. We'll do the drawing and the minute. We'll get this pen and the asking over if you joined us in midstream. We're giving away a pair of tickets to the Jacksonville Dolphi game on Saturday. In Jacksonville, you better get there. Are we giving away a plane trip? No, boss trip? No. Bicycle? No. No, you got to get there on your own. Okay. And the good luck to you. And if you don't have a good time too bad, we're just giving that ticket away. Curtis, you've our very close personal friends. What was their name? First to a ticket source in travel. 800, 229, 86, 99. Our close personal buddies, whatever their name is. See, it can't keep track when you get to a certain age and you start with all these different people. It's like people come up to me that I saw like 20 year old. Oh, you remember me? Oh, yeah, sure. Like it was yesterday. Just like that procedure, you had a procedure on the bottom side of the stomach. Do I remember that? No. So what do you want for me? Here's Miami. Hello. No, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I've been a redneck living in Haalia. I was wondering if I could get a shot to get on that list to go to home country. No. 560, and some material. Did this guy have any material? No. Sorry, pal. I think maybe he deserves to be living in Haalia. They'll get him. They'll find him. He'll sneak off to those cock bites one Friday night and they'll find his ass. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. Listen, uh, worse than the children have to be those corporate guys. I had three corporate guys saying they're for me. With their cell phones, job ring on them. Ah, the cell phone people. I wish they would. You see a guy and a, yes, morning event with a cell phone and you know immediately. He's an asshole. And a question about how to get worse, you know. Halfway, I can't take the guy talking. He'll get carried some of those. I thought Grezky was in this game. Yeah. I'd say, yeah, Grezky's with the ranges in his retired. I tell him, slimy Grezky's in the game. And another thing, I know you weren't a big devore fan, but now they really choked a bribery, trading devorex for Vernon who slows molasses. What is going on? I don't care. What do you get out of here? Get away from me. Okay. Another known nothing. Mike Vernon has played four games. He's the first game he was rusty, but the fact is that all four of the games, uh, the defense didn't show up. Last night he played Grezky. Here's a guy that's not in Mike Vernon who played sensational. Who's got playoff experience, maybe not good experience, but nevertheless, we're pretty good to me last night. Nice going out, Mike. A little fart. See, like I said, these people in here, do they know anything? Do they have a clue? No. Radic devorex who used to skate around her fast, really fast, did he do anything? No. He skated fast. If we wanted to think of skaters, we'd bring us a ticket in back, okay? We don't need that. And if we want comic relief on the ice, we got big number eight there, okay? God, some of you folks had just, uh, somebody needs to draw you a diaphragm, man. Then with an A. Talk about Grezky goals. How you like that? And he should've gotten the system, a spailer goal there, and tie the game up in one of the three. You should've got it as said, Kevin Weeks desperate, unbelievably bad. But this guy really knows his crap. Here's a mobile in sunrise, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, Mike Dungeon, and I want to know where you get this. Uh-huh. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, while I was flying, by the way, tell your cousin to put back in his pants, okay? People are laughing all over the town. When you're through with it, here's a mirror, Mar, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. What's up, buddy? How are you doing? Okay. I sure am glad you got out of that column. I was going to be alright, yes. But I kept on adding flash by to your gallbladder procedure. Oh, yeah. Well, well, that's an operation. This isn't an operation. This is a procedure. I felt for you for that gallbladder thing, man. That was bad. Oh, it's a basic cake. Yeah, right. I know. Neil, Cuban American here, and I am so embarrassed by this militant attitude. These Cubans are putting out here. It's really, really makes me feel bad, man. I'm a mother, of course, is one of these militant people who came over in the early 60s. And I like to call her out on the carpet. You know, when she's telling me, well, we have this right. We have the right to blot the road. We have the right to blot the road. Oh, we have the right to blot the road. Why don't we have a right to blot the road? Well, because this is justice. You see, we have the right to do whatever we want. And then, of course, I turned the tables on her and go, oh, but most of the things are not the same old, but those fan vans don't have the same right. They don't have a form, right? They've got that only for those we decide. You've got only for those people who we want to have liberty. Right. And it's unbelievable. But it is an embarrassment. The flip side, of course, is that, you know, this brings out usually all the racist people who don't like Cuban. Right. He's getting with it. He gives them an excuse to add it. It brings the date County, Browered County, saying, up again, hi, you need a person. I want to work in, by the way, I live in Brower. I wouldn't want to mention that. Well, I live in Dave, but I'm holding on to my passport real tight into my hands. I'd squeeze a real play. In case I have to flee. I'm glad you're doing well, sir, and I'd love to get on the list. You got it, pal. Love you, brother. Hang on. And by the way, what did he say last night? I'm not hang on. Yeah, what did Ali, what flavor was it? Okay, Ali, I'm cut one loose. Channel 10 has got it on tape. Don't forget, fiber clock news is after you're in light loader jail. And Diane Magne, we're going to be dissecting the aroma. They're going to put it through an aroma analyzer and find out what he really meant. I mean, this is the ultimate thought cover of Time Freaking magazine this week, this little kid. And then the, the, the, the, the, the, all they yesterday, Channel 10, Hawking away with his crap about, oh, it's a plane to plane. It's Superman. And whatever the hell he was talking about. You're a piano tackle bill. I mean, beerus to you people with Channel 10. And I'm especially embarrassed for people like Don though in the, Michael Putney, who are wheel TV people, as opposed to most of the losers over there. Who belong there. All the people with the silly here, like Diane. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. Okay, listen, I'm calling about your colomactic of the thing you had going on. And I was going to tell you my wife and our mother and long sisters all had to go through that. And I just think it was no big deal. So I'm 37 about six months ago. I had to go in for some tests where you had to drink all this like chalky liquid. You know, you're very, very young. Yeah, and then they put you and you got to turn this way and swallow it and drink it. And I think that was worse than what I was feeling sick about. Make a long story short. I think it's just a way for them to get money from you. Not, I don't agree with you. Don't you realize the piece of mind about men and your age maybe. But when you get to be an old fart like me, after 40, especially you're supposed to have colonoscopy, you know, there are a couple years anyway. If you'd be, you just, I was feeling like I had it like you had to burp all the time. Then you go in and after you gave me the medicine, I mean the stuff you drink. I think that cured me. I don't think the checking it out. I think that's stuff like drink. I think maybe part of a psychological scare the crap out of you. So the made it stop. But you don't have to go back and repeat it again. Good deed. That may have happened to me too. At any rate there, can I get under a list? Yeah, hang on. I think you are last one. Thank you. Hang on. Which means that the phone is going to like empty out real real fast now. There's our last guy in the list by the way, who over that guy was, I think. Or maybe not maybe one more. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. Hi, gentlemen. Hi, Jennifer. I'm just going about who do you think for your opinion? Who do you think is going to go this year? Damn arena where Jimmy's up. 560, 50560, pound 560. For a second there was having flashbacks. I was thinking we were on last weekend that we're doing at the same crap again. You know, for just a brief moment, I thought I heard. Jimmy and Danny. But I know it must have been just kind of like a brain fart or something like that. Because there's no way that anybody with an IQ larger than their little thumbnail would have said that on a radio. Oh my god. Okay. We got enough names on the list. And we'll have to the break. We'll do the drawing. Somebody will wear a ticket and go up to Jacksonville. And by the way, we're not responsible. At least I'm not. I do a complete disclaimer. If you don't like it up there, too bad. Okay. I got nothing with that. I've never been in Jacksonville. I've driven through there. I have flown over there. I've been around there. But have I ever actually gone to the city? No. I want to go there. No. And of course, one of the reasons that I want to go there is Steve Nickel might still be there. That's good enough for even for me. I wonder how she was in his doing, by the way. How's that baby doing? And who's the Danny? The sports leader. Sports radio. 560. Q. A. L. W. Q. A. A. L. Go to hell. All right. You're the only one who might have been a television. You're never falling yet, right. Go to hell. Go to hell. Go to hell. Go to hell. Go to hell. Go to hell. Go to hell. Go to hell. And stop, have a cute little boy. I hear you, me and your caros. There you are. There you are, baby, that's me. It says it won't stay. No. See you, baby, that's me baby. As a Cuban, I'm the one way. In the age of humans, the members of all humans get their way. With their help, they have to share their facts. And the husband come. We want it off a go-way today. In the town of Elio. In the town of Trusy-Gian. And we try to fall this path. We just fall to live our lives. And we try to build. And we try to protest. We should pay him man. All right. Here. Here's the head to the water. And the world can't control. Another chance for publicity. One of the little shut high in the town. And we all want to live with making. Leaving Cuba's fall behind. The shower here would give me some harm. Well, my having. My having so many times. But who would you like me? In the age of humans, it doesn't fall. You look at the way. With their help, they have to share the facts. And the husband come. We want it off a go-way today. In the town of Elio. In the town of Trusy-Gian. And we try to fall this path. We just want to live our lives. And we try to build. And we try to protest. We should pay him man. In the town of Elio. In the town of Trusy-Gian. And we try to fall this path. We just want to live our lives. And we try to build. And we try to protest. Yeah, we're early on today. Has everybody sick and tired of this? They just cut and grossed out by it. They're not even saturated with it. They're puking from it. Perfect when I had that, when I drank that stuff. I noticed that I had coming out of my, exactly. Elio. And up already, okay. Let's get on with the important things in life. Doing the drawing here and finding out who's going to Jacksonville. By the way, is anybody really believe that we're giving these tickets to one day? No. It's just a joke. Yeah. These people are killed two and a half hours here. I was going to go in the old one. I came to know, oh yeah, we are okay. We're giving the tickets away because our good postfriends. What's their name again? I got to hear somewhere. Best friends in the world. First, choice tickets, choice and travel. Call 800 to 298699. They're providing the tickets. And let's get a pick a number out of the hat. How many do we have? 14, 15. Some of them because I see number 14 in there. But I'm going to mix them up. I don't want to look in here. Because I remember who 14. What are your good friends? That bitch didn't get on by the way. Now, just give the first thing. You'll see the flame and the rest of the social security number on here. It's on that man. Number of spots. Number of here is coming. Number five. Pickle. Pickle. Pickle. Pinkway. Rahul. Rahul. Rahul. Rahul. Rahul. Rahul. Sounds like a comedy picota me. I don't want to say fag. Huh? Rahul. Oh my god. Who the hell would have been Rahul? Early on. I understand it. I was number five was early on. I was just a didn't take a rocket side to figure that out. But, uh, well, whoever. I don't want to know. Don't give away too much information. Well, I have 82 Raul shown up here at the station tomorrow. There'll be eating Raul. Okay. That takes care of it. Now we can do a real talk show and stop talking to a bunch of people who are just demeaning themselves and degrading and begging for some free crap. Which you'll probably scalp them anyway. Won't you Raul? Uh-huh. Yeah. Good thinking. Here's a call from Sarah Togan to York. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I'm a listener. All right. I just drove through Jacksonville Monday. I was down Florida for four months. I had a few weeks. I'm up here with my fast. I had a week. You know why? I couldn't find a pulse. Mm-hmm. Nobody cares. By the way, you know that the city has a song. They have a jacked mill city song. Yeah. That's it. Uh-huh. Well, it's all those people up in the trees playing the banjo. They're having a good time. I just want to let everybody know that we got six inches of snow already and it's still snowing. All right. Right. Yeah. Really? Well, I bought a lot of people here. Where's they had six inches? And I'm one of them. I'll hear what you're doing to get that. Hey, being from Canada, Daga, you've been to Sarah Togan. I have not. No. I've been never been down. I think it's as close as I've been to Sarah Togan. You didn't even go to Fingerwakes? Oh, of course. I was there the day it opened. But that's not over there. That's in Canada. Where did you go? Well, whatever you're saying. Listen. Rudy Rinkon. Uh, again for the rich. And how about Roth? Roth? Yeah. Race calls with the marbles or whatever he's got in his post. The Schreden is mouth. I just want to let everybody know. He's coming up here for the Sarah Togan meat. The race is seen next year. That they're going to put in for the rich again. Luxury boxes. Great. There you go. And the common average fan like you and I we get. You know what we get. Yeah. Schlapper's like a speaker yourself, pal. All right. I'm doing okay. Have a great time. You too. Okay. When it down, shovel it out. Yep. Okay. Take a bite. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Sure. Togan. We care about that. Sure. We do. We feel for those people. It's one of those times of the year when we're glad we're here. We're not usually too glad to be here. But one of those few times a couple of weeks. Twenty two, before one is five, sixty, double. You come. Let's talk more operations. I love that. Let's start scaring a crap out of people like you do so well. All you alarmers. Uh, oh, gee. That's tough. Taste so bad. You're going to be gagging and do it. I got news for a week. We've had food brought in here some days. That tasted worse than that crap that I drank. I don't like you to rate. Do I like you to rate? No. Hate you to rate. But they say you drink the gatorade because when you're emptying your whole system, I like that. Gatorade has got the electrolytes and the vitamins and the potassium and the senette, which I think is a bunch of propaganda. Because you know those doctors. They'll turn anything that they get paid to. In fact, I saw the, you know, the gatorade sample guy was just on the way out of the office when I left that day. Not good old doctor. Dr. Ken there. Dr. Ken and Dr. Dick and subdoctor. Gary there. Little Gary Jr. who's it. Kind of like, please, doctor. He pretends he's got a medical license. I'm not a medical license. He got into cracker jackbox to play. But he's a good guy. Somebody will actually be for real. Wake up. What's the first knee Joe Rogan? Jeff DeFars. If he goes to you. We're in the morning to fix. Only on sports radio five, 60, 28. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. I really, really want to go. A pilot, Jack, more than monocons. I smoke marijuana, one of them. And shot a load on monocons. Monocons. Monocons is a woman who was an intern in the White House. Instead of taking mellows, she took off her white blouse. I guess you could say I'm the talk of the nation. Not a real good sign for a family vacation. Let me just say thanks for my high approval writing. If goodson now Americans don't mind us from aerosathing. I really, really want to go. A pilot, Jack, more monocons. I drink gin and tonicous and then fat upon monocons. Hillary is angry. I really thought I lost her. But I said she'd stay with me. I should up a valve this foster. As for daughter Chelsea, I know why she's mad. She's a college sophomore, but gets fewer days than that. You know I could have skated and escaped this big Ole Miss. I'm a monocone. They're more careful about that. And rest at two hundred trends. We're screaming. I really, really want to go. A pilot, Jack, more monocons. She blew my heart, monocons. And I blew my nerd, monocons. I really, really want to go. A pilot, Jack, more monocons. She blew my heart, monocons. I blew my nerd, monocons. Fort, Fort, Fort, Fort. 1244 at 560WQM. 560, look at that. We got an open line now. How do you like that? Oh my God. Yeah. Wonder why. How's your old one, by the way? Did you speak to Raul? No, yeah. Oh, yeah, let him wait. Let him cool. See, the middle will change our mind. I tried calling it. And ring ring ring ring. Not even an answering machine. What does that mean? We'll get a hold of him. And if not, then we'll do it again tomorrow. Here's Boca, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good evening. Yes, I am. Oh, hey, it was great to wait for you. I don't care if I got the tickets or not. But I do have a question. You can feel about the radio station being at your pretty well informed about what goes on it, even though you don't like with go-to. I know my crap. I know about this place. I know I like to problem my hand. We all have our little passions and stuff like that. We like to bet on so on and so forth. My question to you is being at the playoff is pretty important as far as NFL and I don't want to try and make this a sports store. Good. Radio show. I'm not sure. I waited a long time to tell him. I didn't sports your or gambling show. We got enough of those on the show. No, I know. But my question to you is during a playoff season, whether what sport it is, why would a radio station not put on the full playoff? Like say on Saturday or Sunday, in case somebody like a small little businessman like me, how they're pulling in and they have an eight hour pre-dolphin game show for a game that's not going to be on until four o'clock. Because they're selling, don't you understand? They got 50 billion spots in that dolphin pre game. Yeah, but they don't care about the dolphins. They care about the dolphins. You got to understand that. Wouldn't it make a different story? They don't. They don't care about the dolphins. Oh, they can't sell those other games. Who in this market care is going to buy those games? Because it was like funny last week, I was listening to the radio station that I heard. But I just explained it to you. Oh, no, call a gambling show. Please, I'm begging you. Okay, you're killing me. You're killing me. I'm giving the answer. We don't care. We just want the money. Give us the F and money. Okay, that's all. Give us the money. Don't worry. Just so I would need it the same thing. They had 400 hours of pre game and post game and in between an analization, etc. That's what it's all about. Why you paid them $72 for the broadcast, right? It's not because you get any big ratings anymore. There are no big ratings anymore. You got the games on F and the games are all on free TV. What's the big stick in deal? And by the way, for anybody else on this station, it doesn't understand the dolphins force them to put it on AFM and AM. That was the deal. For the new get to the right, so the dolphins is that whoever got them had to put it on both in an AM pathetic. But that was the deal. Was it a bad deal? I was just keeping in mind. Who made the deal? Eee! He just wanted to do the CAT scan. Rainskin. Did they find anything? No. Nothing. Absolutely empty. Oh, yeah. I'll go get George Corso. 25 years from now. Somebody will be sitting in his chair and if Greg Reed is there, would it God damn the white hair instead of his black hair? He'll be a, oh, I'll go get George Corso and George Corso will be limping down a whole would of God damn cane. With his role as Scott's tape and lapages glue. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say that I'm glad they give medical procedure one okay. Thank you. One great. And I don't know very much. Not just yesterday, but the, the stress test. This is, I have my heart as as strong as a, a horses ass. I don't have very much material. I certainly didn't want those tickets. I can tell you that. Yeah. This is how long you're going to. Big hockey fan and I wanted to thank you for the fact that I was debating whether by a dish for quite a long time now. And after hearing you as I do every day, I finally did get a dish. And I'm very proud to say that I do get to watch the, maybe beliefs in the fan. There's not, which are my two favorite teams. But that's really about it. I wanted to thank you and I hope I hear you from answered him quite soon. Okay, go leave. I'm going to be on from Amsterdam. But, I'll leave. We've done five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18, two while it's not. Well, you know, I'm thinking, have you on from Amsterdam? Or are we going to return here? I didn't even know I stayed on the next 50 years, right? No. No. 50 days, maybe 50 minutes, maybe hour in the love minutes, probably. Just don't get so curious away. Okay. Like this is a picnic. Oh, I will say this after the first of the year after I put them on probation for three weeks and took no calls. I will say this. We've certainly had a voluminous amount of phone calls here. Most of the time, have we not, yes we have. And especially when we're given some free crap away, which are we're given a more free crap away this is not not anytime soon. The answer is no. Unless of course, there's some other stupid dolphin game. Because then we get to, yeah, it's like probably these poor bastards. I mean, these wonderful friends of ours are given these tickets away. They probably spent like $50,000 cash for the honor of giving us the tickets to you with. So they can get these fee mentions on here something like that. Like those people would add golf tournament $110,000 in billing. And by the way, what do we ever find out what happened to the other 1150 bucks that was supposed to go to center one from that infamous OJ golf tournament? No. And this man still has got the hoods, but it come launching in here would it be small on his post right at the beginning of the show as usual while in the middle of another technical disaster here and kick it the phone system on here for the first 20 minutes. So the big smile on that post and that same stupidity on it look. Yeah. Yeah. There's one word for him. Oblivious. Oblivious. Incentive of the anything going on in his surroundings. Like a horse with blinders on. Only seeing that big sign in the sky. Greg Reed is a radio icon. Yeah. I would say he's the anti-Christ of radio myself. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello, Leo. Are you pretty good? I got two fat jokes for you. Okay. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get some more tickets away. What do you say? Tragic. Just tragic, pal. Do we do jokes on his show? No. No. It's not making fun of fat people you've called. Here's Boko. Hello. Okay. Can't hear you. I got a question for you quick. Number one is I love you, show. I know that you got these song parodies that are on. Are they just your show exclusives? Yes. Because I heard it on a different show. You heard it on one. At Ellie on a herds this morning. Well, how are they doing show from this market? Yeah. Yeah. No. Oh, the only condition which this isn't that thing was sent to us by some listener out there. And he must have sent it to Howard. Oh, good. Because I couldn't stand hearing it on that. I couldn't believe it. Why? Because he's playing your stuff. He's not playing my stuff. We don't own that. Some guy sent that to us. All right. All right. Click. God. Because I'm not going to get better out of shape. This guy's upset. Am I? Okay. God damn. How dare you do that? You feel better now, sir? Good. Man. Who gives a crap? All these radio yentres. Well, you know, Randy Rose is on some little station. What if I watch that? I like to grab with a fan he packed. I threw it up down there. Nick's on Saturday. But all his little radio gossip. So yeah, I hate to break the news to you guys. The light bulb is gone and pretty soon. Stupid talk will be gone because they got fractions. And the W snooze is gone. Rest in peace. It's all gone. Okay. Joyce Kaufman said this and this Mr. Ego said that it's all gone. At this to rebabby. Okay. I know it comes. There's a great shock to someone who's ready to yentres. Nobody cares about it. It's like the people who used to call up from a Tampa talking about him about fat eyelids, lacitor. Nobody cares. Only a bunch of silly video groupies who sit around on the chat rooms of the on the internet. Like the ones that we used to have on before we got smart and you're gonna change. Mid-candidat. God. You talk about best baratos. People with less people who owe points, not only have no life they owe points. There's more money as well. Hey, what's going on? Yes sir. Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call. It was. Hey, no seriously. Yeah, I turned on the news this morning and Mayor Pingo's right there. Pingo Piquenia, yes. Yeah, you know, running in the app. I just can't believe this is just such a really, really non-partisan for the leader of my engine. What do you think? This is really non-partisan issue huh? Oh, it is. Yeah, right. Yeah, this is terrible. Oh. So anyway, how did things go yesterday at your doctor? We're very well served. Everything came up fine. I have a great day. I thought the people would know material were the ones sucking around again, lost for the tickets, but they're still calling. Out of town line, if there's anybody listening anywhere in the world, I'll actually have something to say besides moderating the same things that we've already been talking about for almost three hours now. We'd be delighted to hear from you as a tool for you call 877-785-Neal. 877-785-6345. I'm feeling great. Everything came out great yesterday. Is there anything bad in my stomach? Oh, in my ang. Oh, in my ang. Oh, no. Everything's beautiful. It was a piece of cake. Anybody out there you ever have to do an endoscopy? Colossic. Don't panic. Don't listen to any of the bullcraft people. Tell you if you have to drink that sweet crap. No problem. Should be the worst stuff you ever put in your mouth. Believe me, I've had worse. Oh, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. I mean, 18. By the way, how's Malcolm doing? I'm going to horny. See, I keep telling you dark folks. We see. And the red necks are going to get upset about this. But if we had more inbreeding, more between interracial breeding, then people, a lot more people would be like the complexion of Malcolm from the young in the horny. Shambal Shawan and more as in the more I see in the more I want them. And then we all get long. There would be no problem at all. Because I tell you what, thing, there is somebody right there. Malcolm. There is other than his rectum. I mean, even if he would, after I finish showering with him, I would even look his armpits. That's how good he looked. Every part of his body except of course near the rectum. No, I'll leave that for the proctologist. OK. I'm just a little bit worried about guys who make their living spending a lot of time around your home. Oh, no. I was asking Dr. Dick yesterday. Or I went to day with my whatever day. It wasn't my stress test. I was asking to the agus. I was asking him about what kind of people want to be proctologist. And he said, assholes. Or I said that, I guess. You know what they say, opposite to track well in this case. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? OK. Neil, I have three sisters in Jacksonville. Yeah. And if we like to do Jacksonville, do Jacksonville, Martin? I've got your part. I'm in Madison, tuna. I won, Martin. Yeah. So I go to Jacksonville, and then we, yeah. But in my sister, down on, my sister, I'm from 80. Yeah. You won't want those people up there in the street slides, not worry. Not doing. Don't do that. Let me know. What I'm trying to get from some tickets from you, maybe I can go see the game I was having. So what are you listening to this show? I'm a big dozen fan. Are you listening to this show? Not for you. OK. 5, 6, 7. Somebody called this answer while this guy up this maritime runner. And he said, the call up that the fact that I'm ready was going to give you some tickets. Game of the tickets away almost a half an hour ago, so it's old news. OK, old old old, old, old, stale news. Just like baby dock and pop a dock. And Ramadan. It's the same old tyrants, crap, Ola. See, that's another reason why you should never ever give anything away on the air, even with all the respect to the nephew when there is not a bad guy, but nevertheless, no matter how many promos they promised our good postfriends, whatever their name is. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, there we go. Line 7 is acting up again. There's a good one for you. Or yeah, that was 7. Sorry about that. You're coming back on the line that works if any of them are. Come back out of a three week sick bed. That would be in the secret of dog. And is the phone worked away at supposed to? Oh, get somebody to fix the phone's Greg. How many days, how many months, how many years can you keep doing the same, lie job over and over again? They don't even work. If you got it, you understand it. And if it's a bell-south problem, get a hold of the guy in, hand-hunter, at Bell-South, and squeeze his nut if he's got any, and make him get the damn thing fixed. That's the way it works in a real company, OK? Not kind of a slack-jawd, the sobbing in your post, whatever it goes on around here, kind of attitude. Get the thing done. Period. No questions asked. Because it seems to me that a company that's trying to do with these people are doing all the way. I can't see what it is because it's the quiet period. But nevertheless, when at least I try to put on a fake appearance to be like a real company would name, which they're not. 1257 and 560 QAM. Perfect. That's good, boy. We have two great teams. Right, exhaust it. What the hell? The teams, travels and washing goods, who take on the George Townsville Youth Center Day. Join the new boys to learn, and we can't spend the evening from the action. Perfect, AX-Worma. Starts at 1130. This game will air on 790 A-M, radio. A service of sports radio, 560 QA-A. It's been moving. You knew Tom Hanks would eventually make. God did not put a gift like that in the pants of a man who he did not intend to use it. Starting another slow-witted southerner, our president. Hey, tell me not to go near it because it was so big and never bright. Oh, yeah. What's the dice here? Take my hat and wipe your chin off. Would you? Can't have any evidence. It's the creamed smile. Let's see. That was almost really embarrassing. Yeah, obviously any more anywhere else. Oh, well, you see. You still miss them. They have to clean that up, Darl. The creamed smile. Inceding theaters everywhere. Sorry about that. I started a little bit early because I was sitting here daydreamy. I was wondering, what would be like in my life to ever work like for a real broadcasting company? Which is the same? 560, 50560. In the 18T line, that tall free line man, which we had a scream and beg and plead and threaten and the go to court, 877-785-6345. 877-60, 785-6345. I still don't know it. Really good number two. Here's a lady and Del Rey B. Chela. Hey, me and I are the first of all. And you really, you know, you really took that operation like a man. I love anal sex and it hurts. Oh, too bad it's in good on here. 560, 70560, pound five-70. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I still didn't get on here. How about that? Three minutes. Yeah. You know who she is? That's the best it's called before. The one I was started to tell me a little story. That's exactly what that was. About Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. And of course, it figures that you would say that because she's a moron. And I'm going to say a twitch. And you didn't give her not. Oh, you can't say twits on here. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, Chela. Hey, you feel how you doing? OK, sir. First of all, I don't want any tickets. Well, why do you say that? Why, man, why does that have to be afraid you do a call? We're not giving away any tickets. I don't want any tickets. Well, good. OK, we won't give you any tickets. There's everybody. There's one eight tickets call up right now. OK. Why I want a stupid comment. It's like the people, oh, thank you for taking my call. If there was an, and people, you know, people call. I see on CNBC when I have some amazement on there all over the place. On this station here, it all of a thank you for taking my call. These are top shows and what we're taking phone calls. That's what it's supposed to be all about. Thank you for taking my call. Like we're doing you a favor to take the call. Again, just another way of sucking up. That's exactly what that is. The callers sucking up to ingratiate themselves to try to get off on a right footing because they're much up to us instead of just getting to the meeting as a matter. But what are your tickets? Well, well, why you have to pre you and preface your comment with that. Whatever comment it might have been, which we're not going to hear. Are we? No. No. God. Bozos. Well, I like you. And again, it's the same thing as thank you for taking my call. It's like an ingratiation line. I don't want to see that makes him better than everybody else. All the other people are called in the waiting on hold. Actually, many of whom had something to say by the way, you're bad. He's good. He don't want nothing. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. Great. Neil, I'll just want to talk about hockey. Do you have two seconds? Yes. I'm going to say for fans since the days of Tim Ordnance. I'll go yet. I'm sorry. I know. Well, I don't know if you agree with this. But it just seems to me that hockey has become so sterile. There are no players. First of all, there's no players like Eddie Shack. They're 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, T, wireless, long. What a ridiculous comment. No players like Eddie Shack. Yeah, Tim, a hunter had a big nose, too, but he's gone. What a ridiculous idea to comment. And here's a guy again. One, they call it default. Tell a reminisce about Eddie Jacobin and Eddie Shack and Phil Gooyette and other Goiam and this one and that one and boom, boom, Jeffery on. Get out of here. Oh, my god, are these called something? Now you can smell them. See, this is that thought that was the leftover from yesterday's procedure. I thought maybe I was seeping a little bit more back at it. Oh, god. That's not a hockey call, sir. Hocking a tiny come out, stop from the past. Any shack hasn't played since before. Foster, you what was in embryo, okay? Here's a guy that's getting a carry away with his hockey news. Who was the most colorful guy? We got plenty of colorful guys, okay? I'll take Ty, don't be over Eddie Shack any day the week, okay? You want an awye? Cause he's still playing. And for the right team. Here's Miami, hello. How are you doing now? Okay. I called the other day spoke to George. I'm a family member that works for the INS. And I was telling him that there was a smoke screen to come to people down. And I think Janet Reed, if you had a chance to see her this morning on her conference, I think she had a news conference at night. I never watched it before. I didn't. Well, she was saying that the boy will be going back to Cuba and that it should be with his father. And I think, well, she said that yesterday, there was nothing new. No, I understand that. But I think it should be pretty plain that the boy is going to go back right. One more question about Janet. You know, even in the, even in the Harold today, and I'm sure it must have pained them to print this, but even in the, uh, pandering Harold, it says, ex-prolegal experts agree that Ali on has slim chance in court battle. And then slim chance is staying here. And now they're saying that the reason Ali on a really left Cuba is because he didn't like the way that his father wear them. And but he had to go back because he couldn't leave his brothers behind. Yeah. I don't know about that. And this is Janice Reynolds. I mean, I know she's, yes, she has Parkinson's disease. It's five, it's not a sick as that call, but she has Parkinson's five six seven five, six, five, six, the pound five, six to you on the AT&T work. Either that or in, and she's got that your piece you ever see that. And they're playing Mamba number five in the back while she's doing the press. God, she's got rhythm baby. And she can't stop. She's got Parkinson's men have a little lot of money for that bulldog. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six to you pound five, six to you on the AT&T where I was lying to Kuala, I wouldn't give you a nickel. Since we gave the tickets away from 12 to the last 40 minutes, I wouldn't give you a half a cent. I wouldn't give you a 22 cent for this last collection of call we had put here together, but it's here killing some good time and it's all right. At least the phone, some most of the subtle lines of work are now. Some. Nice going, Greg. Here it is, it's the new millennium, supposedly. The new century supposedly. It's a new year that we know. 2000, January the 13th. Well, I'll start talking about number 13 and we'll have to talk about Jimmy too. And they still haven't got this damn thing straight now. And you would think that we were asking them to fix the Y2K problem. Worldwide, that's what you would think we were asking. Just, it's a talk station, Greg. Put it a phone system. That works. What a freaking concept, man. Can you do it? No. Ah, yeah. Nice suit, by the way. What are they traded that out? Sports radio, five, six to you. A half. Yeah, get ready. Hey, don't you look in that. You leave it to me without your name round. It's no one done, they did last and long. Just like the love for the friend of mine. Look if I got his fair job. Another two in you when you're away. It's like the love that you've been through. That you bet's going to your God. It's going to treat me just saying right. You're like the love. All right. Okay, what can we say about him? He's an asshole. There hasn't been said already, huh? Any girl? I mean, how can a guy like that have any girl? You know, somebody that said dumb and that's stupid. We got a lot of money, but they still a piece of crap. I'm 14. It's fine, but he sure can't act, can't he? No. And I'll tell you one thing, here's a little known fact, by the way. About that slice, those are almost nobody else knows in the world. If I can't have refined it. You can't think for shit. That's right. Okay, where are we going? Here's a mobile, mobile, a reporter, they'll allow. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Yes, sir. And by the way, I got a great doctor, but you know what? You can't think for shit. Yeah. And my dogs, you're good little dog, but you can't think for shit. And a big dog, you're great dog, but you can't think for shit. I'm sorry, go ahead. I just love hearing it. So I'm saying yesterday in the arena, in the NCRC, and there's less than two minutes to the game, and the panel of the shot, and the people in front of me are talking. And black, panel number, panel number, panel of shot came with like 21 second time. Yeah, there was like 27 seconds or something like that. And they talked, and they, there were the cell phones, and guess what they talked about? Benny and Jimmy. No, no. Yeah. And I'm here. For three hours, trying to watch a game, they was actually pretty entertaining. Yeah, it was. You know, I enjoyed it. You know, but all they talked about for three hours. And Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy and Jimmy. Oh, God. Okay, it should be deported. I say, let Ali on stay here and send those people to Cuba. Yeah, that's why I say. All right, man, just want to let you know. No, we got to live with it because I like hockey and I don't think it. Don't forget, pal. We got a shot. Yeah. I'm really good at it. I'm really good at it. One 15 at five, 60 WQL. I was just telling George, I think this viral thing is on the way out. I thought, I still away, go, Ali. And now it's history to get sicker and hell, and he isn't even up here tomorrow. So we're going to make him plans. Probably going over to that swing place. So he's probably, you know, got something going on. Yeah, daytime session over there. We joke, I still owe him that score. We're old man. I know, Joe is a good guy, but I know we've known this for a long time. He is not probably the most worldly person in the face of the year. A little on the naive side, a little on the slow side. You better, you better learn to be a little on a fact. You're side, okay. It's in time and move your head. Go ahead, go ahead. Oh, sorry. Here's a tell, Joe. But there's this nasty old man there. I hear these squishing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. See, like I said before, well, the show started. I cleaned out yesterday. I got a little more crap, and I'm not taking any either, okay? Cancel. Let's go to Miami. Hello. I'll be right there. Yes, sir. I have some food for thought here. Basically, I would respect your opinion. What would happen, hypothetically, you know, on a national level. If someone, you know, we have a bunch of crazy in this world, was to go over there and take a pop a little, you know, the spin. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. As the Schmidt continues, your man just non-stop. One after the other after the other. Crazy people. People who have the same middle name. Ehh! That's it. Here's a mobile and del Rey B. Chill. Hey, you mean, you see the story on the AP about the tree street? We don't have the AP, sir. That clock, price, both. About the one? That clock, price, both the auto. About the... trees. breeze. That's the story, is the week in a half old. Yeah, oh, oh. Oh, oh, can no! Save me from these people. Jesus! At least week, I talked about that. Vinnie, possible, and Patre's breeze. Call them an FM frog. That's the reason older than Marie Smoshard's grandfather. older than Dick Irvin senior use silly person or just you to store on the AP no i saw it on the pp how do you like that balance on the pp god i guess when you're this far stop you know i look at the map and it takes a long time for the news to trickle down here you know it's that i guess that's what ragan was talking about remember that he doesn't trickle down to the tip pocket about the lady in the mimey lake so i'm and the same and the same i'm going to be talking about so i'm a cd yeah and we get a hold of it like we did the last time of course not well well well i'm a self-ful Henry cd is when they're playing in show on another station i'm going to be doing that i'm the you but i like his all you can meet me crew yeah and and that was on an old cd that we've had a last year make twenty thousand dollars form right now yeah this is the new rouges show k we're not doing fill Henry cd's okay and by the way we could have used on a lot more of ours five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty i'll tell you even a women today losers losers losers that all of this is early just most i guess like i said here's a mobile and west pp tell you how are you doing i've been doing great till this last 40 minutes i think i have a real a pro left and i thought it's a dot on you by now didn't you say you got something to watch out yesterday yeah well look what's left surface don't want to talk to me you're right i'll be right what other question you are is there any rule at wheels of the ending you know no no kind of cable game just all video besides the poker we're letting over let i don't believe okay thanks they'll take it out of the week although if you want to play Russian five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen nine plenty of lines no waiting here as we're waiting for our first real call of the day because the call before twelve thirty world yeah i mean the real symbol k calls mostly sucker round calls i guess we got a long way to draw it was pretty grim yesterday that's what he told me pretty slim and grim and of course the alien thing i think is just a terrible lot of people on tired of it sick of it nauseated by it anybody who's upset with it needs to get a very very serious life here's your field hello yes sir oh my god what are we okay people we got down here in self-war let's see what you got pal oh yeah yeah that was the call huh what kind of people we got and then he's got no material people just like you sir even asked me back to with no material oh my god what kind of people we got lifeless retard just like you sir with no material no comment no sense of humor no nothing no life that's what we got because it's a place for the dead you know that nine o it there's a mobile and co-cat a quick speaking a place for the dead hello yeah me all how you feel great yeah good listen to class two and class three gaming you know the difference between the two meaning what like the seminal what they have this class two nothing but whatever so what different is a man no we're left i'm just a oh yeah no we're like there's the same guy that just called before but it's the rule that same guy like i said Russian tonight on sounds good for you pal Russian rule that sounds good and you're a class one he's an asshole asshole five six seven oh five sixty so you know what pal don't go there they're doing great ziggins of people are going there you can't get near that place the parking lot is jam morning noon and night even on some of the store okay they need you like they need a lock-in cup as the Indian say but have a great day here's a mobile and tante in uh... homstead where were this all homstead gone okay this is good here's served side hello i knew yes sir this and i'm over in sure side of this and got two questions and pre-chance reform number one is you're anyway at all to get one of your key to all and you know they're not well you can be back now by the question is an answer to be truthfully does that you got the jenny and any are you can be any one of the voices no really and you truthfully like that's uh... puts me on a hot seat no course that i don't do bits you know to bits you're right on the other line that's all book of ryan sure right anything new i don't write my name on a check you have a great life pal right anything five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two while the slide there's a lady in north line as we look for our first ration lady at the abbey hello hi yes i i i i i i i i you see you said pretty good huh i feel great great i had a call for a while the last time i find i can't travel at work and i got trouble with my union instead why is that uh... i guess it didn't like content of our call it was about the hurricane you know but i decided well what is the union have to do with your right to make a phone call to talk show i understand what is that have to do with anything that's what i kind of a new is that a bunch of comedy pinko off uh... scum bags that what it is i did you think so until this happened but anyway i decided they don't know this is an entertainment show things are tough right well what was it about i mean some remarks about how many of it was handling it you know handling what so that they let us offer work and stuff like that why so yeah okay i wouldn't do that again not a good idea we're talking about it the same to describe people's voices yeah that's another thing that they were going to get here months ago in a course uh... yeah in fact i told our program director we needed that today ever heard another work from him about that no i know you mentioned it and i said what they can get your phone lines work and i doubt we're going to see that exactly when it comes to technical expertise uh... forget about it in the vocabulary but like in my cost something right i was glad to hear you didn't mention that guy that ran into those people the route walking clappers is off the hook he's off the hook and he's the one i was threatened and as a result the other two are being charged with uh... whatever they've been charged with and i've been through this rusting out human lives i really appreciate that and also i thought towards to the good job and i keep it and also i'm like you i still like to know what's going on with that or has the cops running down here yeah and nobody seems to care about that but us what happened with that fourteen or sixteen year old grow whatever they were in all cops and all the forces and data were whole bunch of cops from every force they said they were horned growl out of the cell they swept it under carpet and the great media that stupid details about every time l i i got a stomach ache era you know they can't get to the bottom of this you people and i have a great day sweet out every four six seven ten that's not going to be great on that to number four six seven ten uh... here we go with alien again should book a bunch of i just wrote something right there there you go pal mr. smart asked to i write stuff yeah like my name on a big check god bunch of pandering scumbags you people in the so-called local news media you can't complain about the investigative reporting in this time and we're and of course the herald their big claim to famous the story on the airport the only problem is it came twenty years to late after the cat was out of the uh... whatever cat is in the cradle five and a kettle five six seven five sixty five five sixty and by the way in our set people never walk a cat on a leash you want to know why they're hoping it gets away no sirs that you see dogs tied up on a on a lea long leash and the people's back yard whatever because they want to make sure the dog doesn't get loose and run away you never see you never see a cat on a long leash never ashamed to be seen with them in public what is it all the dog owners are not ashamed to be seen in public right but the cat you don't put on a because you're hoping they'll go away not come back so that you can show that they in box out you know the one time about that's the one that smells like everybody in the neighborhood just came in at a party on your floor speaking a carpet oh people with a litter box ever going to house a with a has a litter box oh man who what family died in this place and that's supposed to make cats better than to do their business in a box see up for animals that do their business either in a bull or i like outside i think that we've been hunting for toad schools not necessarily the first part of the bullfos come back in rainy season it's a 26 past one at five sixty double Q a m two story Jim Mandage talks oh yeah right here on sports radio five sixty Q eight out how young is too young he's a drug dealer today and practically he did not he was spending his mind he ain't completely the day he ain't completely the day so he's a good man so it's good to back when he was a kid who's a good man he's a good man he's a good man he was the white house to be all he's like a sick cat he's a good man so he can't even be yours like he's like a tough one but the fact that I'm a kid that I'm a high that's the way well that's supposed to go by and I can't get in I'm thirty at five sixty WCM by the way I'm so good today I have so much energy back now that this viral thing is on a way out and now that my system is clean in my brain as well I'm just excited you know just like I did with the facts the same thing is going to happen with certain chronic colors like the one you were just talking about off the year they're just going to vanish they're going to disappear they're not going to be any more references to them there's going to be any more if they are you know they're just going to vanish they're all going to go bye bye oh no oh yes they'll have to get a search party and find a substitution for like a semblance of a little bit of a life how do you like that can't do that to us here's a mobile and coral spring silo yes man I'm going to tell you I love your show and I'm begging you please go back to the point where you weren't taking call or show was just fabulous yes it was I had three great weeks there and now listen to what these people have to get through it was pure on adulterated happen on the increase you consider doing that again I'll reconsider I love your show if you're Martin Luther Cooen days over it's a great day well I mean I'll think about it I want to get my energy back I'm just trying to get an overthrow three weeks of being sick three weeks of no calls maybe that's what's happening in my energy you think so now but it's a good excuse maybe there's something going on in this building maybe it's the stress for working for Greg Reed you think that might be it oh yeah maybe it's this phone maybe there's some kind of a phone disease here on this instrument because then we got a sick phone system it's a piece of a turret man make no mistake about it I know we're pretty demanding on to show we expect to have a phone that works I realize it's pretty radical doing a telephone talk show but at least one thing about those three weeks did I ever have to worry about was the phone working no here's Miramar hello oh Neil yes sir I said we keep building on and sending you back to Cuba no okay yeah yeah five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and of course two of the days when you weren't even here you were on vacation when I was doing the no calls and the two of the days if we were to want to take calls we couldn't because the phone didn't work at all not at all not a little bit how do you like that so my timing was as usual magnificent here's a mobile in Santa Bell hello hey Neil yes sir hey I was just going to say last night I just want to hear a Peter Warwell has make a picture of because that guy can't play for nothing he only made a few minutes right that guy the only thing he does was sitting the penalty back to the board up for the rest of them and we've called down a lot and then look up at the referee how come you didn't call say they're going to stupid penalty and look at like how can you call that even though we're going to take a day and I don't know if they could fill that roster spot with somebody who was useful player just him would really be dangerous so they could just call up somebody call up anybody just in the end just call up somebody in the phone book I guess okay is bad and last night I watch it on TV over here because I don't get over there that much but on the first goal the television broadcast and the show everybody the roster for the world in each channel well stars you know and they were showing that while the goal was going oh nice going nice going sports channel that was great it was great I was like what I remember I said how do your buddies at sports channel that was at telecast last night they stopped yeah they stopped pretty peo to bought it I guess hey Neil I'm glad everything came out for you and thanks a lot came out beautiful pal have a great day and we'll send you a sample 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's tell us that like it in pieces of the Berlin wall what do you say make a fortune I would better than those stupid key chains we'll sell little samples Podes to samples without the tote I've been told there be big seller here's Hylia hello yeah I knew yes sir that's one of the here about the FCC ruling last week about about cable access and the stations have to play educational programming on it and the problem is that the religious stations are using the cable access they have to come up and prove that all their programming has educational content oh yeah and as a result there's a whole bunch of congressman who's written letters and been pounding on FCC door I'm sure that to take that away so could you imagine probably Neil and crucifix is that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me that you can't tell me yeah like an aduished president the five six seven five six the pound five sixty on the eighteen they're all having a cluster for today is what they're doing am I right yeah they're all squeezing it yankin it I guess they're a big party in celebration and I came back alive today they were very scared they were real nervous oh my god they're looking at his uh... back down is uh... everything everything came out okay folks on back alive we continue rolling along sygon is on life goes on here's hope sound hello how you great i love to show great you i've been to the end of the worst of the program that you mean being a good guy in front of me talking to his wife and arguing about the people who's in the whole thing great unbelievable yeah they're gonna talk about something they might have some interest in and also about because they sure is although no anything about the hockey game twenty seven seconds left and keep freaking rose unbelievable yeah well have a nice day near great to be a love you show thank you sir you made it up five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two world of science that you made that up there was it are kind of interesting and probably true probably true they have no client i mean one thing that people have to be allowed around you and they're and specially talking but they're not even being allowed talking about anything that's going on out there oh good and then the people in the guys behind me the loud up noxious guys who were having a scooper on going through period conversation how many people are people as places i think i hold it out fifteen thousand or maybe a seventeen thousand i what are you people doing there what are you doing in that building why are you sitting in those seats why are you taking up that space just to make sure that we can't have the best possible time and keep in mind that i get my tickets for free most of those people who enjoy the game they pay for their tickets they work their asses up to be able to pay for those good and tickets so they can enjoy a sporting event they go on a hear your life story that i want to hear you hot get a try and a bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap about a bunch of bullcraft how much money you made the guy damn stock market alleged underline the alleged 22 till two at five sixty w q a s this is five six b q a m wow the panthers host division like a Carolina tomorrow night but we got what the far join the new voice of the panthers chickman dumbledan random alert for the panthers preview started seven here on sport's radio five sixty q a s like the shot right here swing club swingman on Saturday night the brides of admission one hundred fifty dollars final of a card he runs seventy ninety nine when it's on sale at all the time counter accepted re the look on jocas fellow space when he sees a pair of an old man's losing ball hovering over his face bracelet master basing guys it's everywhere a race card driver was to be if he can't try this sport sport one forty two at five sixty w q a m chair was a head turn that's what jocin anyway teacher and sex club case might teach again at jails what it says today this is pathetic can't springer the high school geography teacher nabbed a police rated a sex club last winter oh would return to classroom do these teaching convex in the county jail under a proposed agreement with the brides school board springer forty eight you national headlines in august when the school board suspended him and another teacher for the rest of the sting at private the springer club called a penis form now springer likely to become an adult education teacher for prisoners a job would lower pay in less seniority than his forty one thousand hundred sixty six dollar a year post he could be eligible to return to a high school classroom in two or three years under a settlement that awaits brides school board action next Tuesday oh yeah springer was a sixteen year teacher it's out for our high school in Hollywood when the board suspended him the group also sideline tanya white a thirty four-year-old math teacher and your field the high school the two were at the club separately on an on a close only in america man only in america got forbidden anybody in america should be having sex that's the america's fucking way that's right how about then Burton is he got any kids by the way uh step along to uh like his wife oh it's just amazing here's Cape Coral hello hey now how are you pretty good hey you know that's uh second uh Danny and Jimmy get you do yeah and you imagine this be the but head we're involved in that and we're more things do you feel the need for three five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line but must be audition days that was a visit a audition day for like one of those sit down comedy clubs why isn't kid Coral what do you expect here's pinecris still Neil glad to see back in action how you doing back I'm an action it's so working you're doing it did you see it there was a short article in the harrel four b cad did no he has mentioned it before one of the mysterious ways of God driver rescued from car and canal a highly a woman was adjusting for rotary hanging from the rear view mirror when she drove into the canal Wednesday how do you like that what would he do up to oh my god looking after you I hope probably okay so good here me thank you he takes care of the heathens okay all of people with these hoax polka some mumbo jumbo just like they should always old get skis sitting around and leons backyard those old ladies with a rosary beads and her crucifixes and their rubbin it in the beads to oh god give me a break here's north Miami hello how do you know yes sir I have a question to ask you about the dany and Jimmy Jimmy and Danny deal and all the harrel newspaper articles all the commentary by the sportscasters and damn arena ever been quoted 567 0560 on the AT&T wireless line they just don't get it do they get it oh no sir we don't want to discuss that's why we play the piracy sir because we don't want to discuss it we don't want to talk about what the harrel has to say about it we don't want to talk about what the sentinel's got to say about it we don't want to talk about what the callers have to say about what the sports so whole host of we don't care you understand can you comprehend that sir no can you get that into your skull I don't care about Jimmy and as much as I like him I don't care about Danny okay at this point hang it up Danny have a wonderful life nothing but the best goodbye that's it simple wow and I'm I'm concerned about what I saw that arena last life you guys that do the sports shows on this station you ought to be kissing the ground some of you guys you have no idea how lucky you are to be doing a sports shows and get paid good money for it and an appellant sports is like a four-an-lange buck English well you know if we had more guys like any shack and you're Frank Mahavoloch and Bert Olmsted it's just beyond human comprehension the vacuous nature and last night was true positive about it I mean I had to do with just that they were look around I don't know we're most of the like real living and breathing people that we have in there were there were some but there were a whole bunch of different pushing in there last night of course a lot of people disguise like I said is green empty seats and I'm thinking what are you people doing here what are you doing here why are you here you have absolutely no interest no attention span for anything that's going on here other than your own little ivory towel world nothing what are you doing here besides doing everybody else of what you did to magnificent job by the way oh yeah especially them yeah I said you want to think if that if they didn't go back to a tree get their bangers that that crew that was sitting across from me one rollback yeah they got to be in a tree today just trying to hang it away on it oh man hey man they have put them in the board put them in the board put them in the board I thought it was trying to be Ken Hirlson Junior you know there's a white socks games and a pretty a pistol job of it too by the way the hawk here's Miami hello hey near how you doing I'm doing great no just one thing on the guy they called about the fcc and the reason that the what do you mean by that you called today no no no that's a guy just called a little lot of the fcc ruling for educational television yeah the reason the the the the whole religious entities are getting upset is because they don't want to pay to be on the air if they can prove that it's educational then it's for free airtime what do you mean they don't want to pay to be on the air I don't remember what we're talking about you're talking about religious programming on or you're talking about the religious programming on educational access channels for kids oh well who didn't watch is that anyway I'm not it all I mean no there are 10 people I watched that that's so true no but my next thing they they have kids playing ping pong on those channels they they they that I mean well nobody watches that they're they're upset if I was thinking it off to the airways and have some little lazy send them their their retirement check them they'll be happy you know something I look at it differently and if the old if there are people stupid enough to send their money it's called that business that's all it's just called doing business oh absolutely absolutely absolutely if they can book the money out of stupid night desperate people more power to them yeah I I'm not going to send a check to Jan and pull crotch tonight I do have one more thing and that is you know the reason why poached and and priests are supposed to be sell it yes you know back in what was I think it was year 1238 when the Catholic Church decided that all priests and hoped and the creation of nuns were because they were losing assets because priests were married they had children and they were losing their assets yeah yeah they were they were losing their assets pretty much okay thanks a lot yeah have a great day from the awkward could it there on the much music but it and TV blows much music so I sure hope much music on your cable system all your people out there because actually number one show videos number two show like good stuff as opposed to mv which shows the same old tired crap at the same 10 videos over and over and over again pondress really weak first time green to him by the way out of sight out of mind I haven't seen the time green show and a cool age here's a mobile in Miami hello great I'm coming back man that's good I should be up at the same gratitude with to rock ashes show some Toronto or Amsterdam yeah I'm for enthusiastic being here because I feel better you know and of course if I had a studio here that would work see the only reason I'm skeptical about that is keeping mine this is a company that can't provide a technical facility right here in Miami for me to do a show so the idea that they're going to put together some kind of facility that's acceptable and that's workable in Toronto and Amsterdam and pinion New York where we're at my D I'm a race 14 eyebrows about that because I have my doubts you know I'm saying they haven't demonstrated any ability to be technically F in this place so the most technically in up radio station in the history of the business there there are the good I guarantee the kids at Piper High with KPX have no seriously they've got 50,000 times the technical knowledge that this place has got well they did what's one of the first Toronto one I've probably split half and half what's wrong with that I'm not going to be in Toronto this time the all guarantee of that I mean it's great here in your show how you struggle day to day to day to day to deal with stuff I don't know why the living conditions is really hilarious you know because they are hilarious it's a panic I'm telling you and I'm here in the alley I just had a good ball moving let's hear it those samples at 530 on channel 10 by the way yeah have a great day pal I take care and white lottery I was going to be showing you some samples at 530 560 560 560 on it oh yeah what did he say I'm serious you have to feel that you're a you lost your mind if you watched any a channel 10 news yesterday you have to be positive you just totally lost it that that the whole alien business had put you over the edge and they're going on the street asking 75 million only went to the u of m and here's a a kind of list ago a kind of linguistic sex expert in she's listening and she's going uh did he say this did he say that here's a little six year old kid here's the baby Jesus who sang all these profound things like oh yeah can airplane airplane yeah like on a little six year old kid say okay I don't think he sang anything really profound this is 560 u a m Kim vocab or talk sports weekends right here I'm supporting you 560 you fail him this is the meal Roger's so this is your brain any questions today broadcast is brought to you by new spoken cleaning the all purpose cleaner see this shirt it's a spoken clean how nasty is this carpet well just drop down your knees use a little bit of elbow grease and can clean it yes you can clean anything clean your dog clean your silverware looking clean your car can clean everything you own get clean today come visit one of our eight can clean stores or look this up on the web at scon clean dot com and can clean it up 155 by my wish somebody out there like from the s p c a would show the alien how to hold the dog and that that hothead that historical a Lincoln d s blood by the way can i spend much much to generate me or a Lincoln d s blood he ought to be in the straight jacket really i thought on crossfire there he was going to lose it with bill press uh oh my my my my my my my just hysterical but anyway somebody ought to show the kid how to hold the dog because he given that puppy and uh they keep showing him slipping and puppy around in there and he holds it like under the front legs with the body of the dog hanging down it's not how you hold the dog you know sh i mean if we're going to entertain you with a country and put up on all this fall to all put you on a cover time and because in alien at least uh handle the dog with respect like your violin ball uh and how old are the respect here's a lady in bokeh hello yes man great everything was sensational it was an easy process i had a almost actually had a good time will you sound really great today i have to say how do you like that i feel like i just uh born again i'm telling you i should say i'm really happy for you and what's your name i just wanted to ask you coach i've been coming and let's need you for a very long time and fat rich has always been so wonderful and nice and great guy i'd really just like to know how to send him a get well card he's at uh back this hospital after the hospital right but he can't send it to fat rich i don't think that's gonna work he'd like well can i send it to you and then you could forward yeah that would be good okay i really appreciate i'm glad to hear you're doing good now and you know i really appreciate all the all the work everything you do for everybody around here thanks we don't have a good one you too bye hi do you like that a nice lady thank god before the day was ah you know like too many nice people because it's not all that exciting but we know you know and just reassures you that there are some nice people out there you know i'm saying uh first i have to sit in with all those yahu's there at the game last night god there were so many people i look at a lion in fact we did have some nice people who are more regular is their last night which is okay we like have a new faces and they were looking around like cheese is this the usual client tell it hangs out in this place i mean god just after after after oh come on have it out of it that's our pull question by the way tomorrow how many beers do you have to have i've been asking us for 24 questions never got a real answer did i know how many beers do you have to have to enjoy yourself have a good time at a game 20 is it 40 is it 165 and don't forget by the way remember our good friend Andy the whale dead he died now you're not feeling well don't I don't want to put you through yeah right wrong one he's uh he's off his feed our good friend he died always read in the post from a few too many beers 36 years old he's dead oh well of course like i said for these guys were there last night have another one but another one don't stop now i'll count of me here's a mobile in Miami hello hey there's a bunch of guys it works started a project against the Cuban by nowing off dog crap in ambalate okay great are you sure with dog crapser here's a mobile in north Miami hello hello mil yes sir i was just curious after reading hearing all these things about the luch of earlier it seemed that only the appointed officials in the country and in the county in the state said something against him all the elected officials either sat on the fence or took his case and that obviously is because of all i'm asking him couldn't get elected yes and what about what's it also lame dog what oh my point is that another one of what about uh what's his name up there Charles Wrangel in New York is he elected official out of this situation yeah what i'm trying to bring out is that what is it that survey that was done last week