TQAF FTWG Flames Moltree and baby bugs Nah five to sixty a حé Lots of knats are female Dis distant killers Stop spectating the net Cat they're using blood test Aguerues like we all see The fourth card is Bis Fiff I э Lemon Sif A religious Fleet không Not mu H Ni mu There's a lot of inspiration on one of the wealthy people together. It's really a real thing that you follow. And then turn around and come out and go. And the ego is on the other side. The damn way they say, and if we call them, as a whole, just that's what I want. He's a better person. And then, when I'm about to cross the East, from the day we used to break through shall take these delicacies. That's what I wanted about them. And the peace of the queue, and the people, and the people of the West, we found pleasure in the new. And we knew that we wanted about those days. We were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the ones who were the were the ones who won? Thank you Dr. Daniel! Welcome to our good buddies folks David, we took a look at some of your new weekly videos In early couple's days, I hope for a very meaningful time. Sis David, David, David and the guest will see we finalize. Later, I will be there today under the means of部! We'll see you later, about 5 minutes maybe. I'm not too happy about it's gotta go down today. Hey listen, it's just there you've got to be selfish. Like some people I know it's gonna get into a little bit selfish. What kind of like use for our Republican Jews? Yeah, selfish. Motivated only by money having no ethics whatsoever but I like I said I'll get about a few minutes. Last night after the hands of game there's seven consecutive game without a victory. So New Jersey score is what was obviously gonna be to win and go with about a minute and a half ago so I started the red light comes on and puckers in the net. I birth up out of my sheet and I like a lot of other small people go flying out there like a bad out of a hell. Be traffic. Get there loud. When it's out get there loud. Who is entertaining? Generally speaking, I feel a good time was had by some including me. It was okay. So I'm gonna make it a B-line for the apocalypse and I get about 10 steps outside the door I hear a voice. Yeah. And I turn here's this middle-aged couple. I'm trying to not try to be delicate because this this story the reason I'm telling you this little episode is because once again I've encountered an instance that it perfectly exemplifies everything that is wrong with this place and believe me that covers a lot of territory. It covers it tremendous a big fat amount of territory. So anywhere there's a woman who comes up to me which I've seen her before. I guess at the hockey games I have no personal. And she comes up and I got to ask you a question now. I said well you know quick because I'm trying to get out of here and be traffic. And of course so obviously were they because if they were so intense how come they were one and other were the minute and a half left to see if the panthers were going to make it come back. Well they got to make it come back. Oh of course not but anyway gotta ask you a question. So she gets up this big heavy set woman right in my face and says how come you're not more enthusiastic. I'm lucky you with my binaculars during a whole game and you're just sitting there like a lump of a bottle off. Here's this like this. He's giving me like a you know a courtesy-dicky motioner. Now I must have been I don't know I guess I must have seen the least we're pounding the hell out of Minnesota on the scoreboard so I was in a pretty good mood and started the fact that Panthers took it up the old shoe again. I must have been the very good mood because ordinarily what I should have said. You know what I should have said. Why not to get a life and mind you own effen business that's fucking exactly very well said please. Right on. I mean if you're such a if you're so enthusiastic how come you got your binaculars watching me the whole game. I thought that fans went there to watch the sporting event whatever they were right. The enter I'm not sure if they're disgusting stereotypical freaking the Emperor. Right like I said. How do you like that? She's busy watching me the whole game. So my answer to her was well you don't want to do something exciting going on I get excited to do that. Can I have a water the way? I haven't stopped thinking about it since it happened and not that it was that. I got to call you tomorrow. You know something I hope you'll do call me today. You don't have the bars to call me this we guys. You bitch. You disgusting piss of turd. Like I have to go there to be on display for people you know I reminds me of the thing they do woman a couple years ago in the macarena. The women with the jacket I'm sitting there minding my own business I get to early. I like to you know getting my body temperature going about 15 Velocres it's actually cold and there before the game sitting there minding my own business. And here comes some other bitch. See I'll say it again I really feel sorry for the South Florida men. I know we had a lot of burzos out there. You know something maybe they were bright decent guys once upon a time. But take a look at the crop that they had to pick from down here. Yeah. A bitch crop. So anyway the show the woman comes up to me I'm sitting there minding my own business couple years ago I'm sitting there with my Maple Leaf jacket which I would all hotly games 40 years now, 42 years to be a jack to be in Toronto fan. I know I don't question what she's doing but anybody else is doing mind your own effort business doing home ID and age. So this woman comes up yeah how come you are next to my own jacket? I'm not gonna even tell you about the story. I got news for you assholes out there okay when I go to the game I'm gonna wear whatever if I want to wear a burrow hat sack it'll probably be an improvement over my head it'll be an improvement if I want to go there with my underwear on if I want to go there with one shoe on my left ear my other one beef inside my back. Okay that's up to me. I know go to hockey games or any place or that have to answer to anybody else. I'm just there as a spectator okay I'm not there to be on this plate so there's some jerk sitting there and understand watching me with their vernacular. In fact you know I'm gonna start doing I'm gonna start picking my nose during the games and hurling them up in a year so that you can analyze them. All that looks like a good one I look really good. Bitch absolutely you won't be calling you mark my words and I found out those people have written in front of me. You have part of the plan showed up last night and can define up the trigger in the wood pile not to talk about willy live it again. The trigger in the wood pile is a moory who's a grandpa he was in their last night. You know grandpa and grandma the grandma's got the senior winters lips. I'd like. You know the one that the member who used to have the thing on the on his hand is the face on that's her that was her that mouth those lips that face on his hand with the word that's her. Mrs. Murray or buddy or whatever he's in. He's the problem. These people confided me last night and said we're embarrassed to rip him an ass on here. I said okay I'll rip him an ass Murray you will argue discussing prophetic piece of crap. Sit your ass down next time you come there and stop using the kids of the prop. God. Well he gets the kids up there and here because from what I'm here my thought that's the only thing he can get up. Sit on Murray and get out everybody's way you up not your soul piece of crap. Other than that I had a great time. I'm in a separate. I had five three two. I'll be to come. Can't keep me a little boy. No. No. No. And that's what bitch we lost. So I'm not seeing too much to be enthusiastic about we scored one girl on a question no less. We scored one thick and go play okay not now better we have them but I'm supposed to be enthusiastic to make this bitch happy because she's watching me to open Oculus there's yet that bitch. No questions are they good regardless of both would finish a vicious mission that these were a lonely guy call from crew's point no ready's don't have regards what was the final ptall And she forgot a little fab with the Princess subject to see that. And that's the New York Lady God's Hill we wonder what's there to see it down? Not the Rageous. And she will find out that the little daughter's down to see the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she will find out that the little lady. And she said, are you ready to open the broken glass? Yes, great! In the days of the big neighborhood. Of course. And I see one mother, baby. It's easy. If here you could get married and get married. I hope you can have your children and sister very well. Like in the apartment. And that story ends immediately. But I have to work. I am ready to own you home. In the time of my two meeting. Said someone is here. What were you doing? to take an asshole out of Texas put him in the White House and have to country have been looking forward to next day. Not bad? Give it about an eight and a half on scale of 10. College football players, sick with food poisoning, transmitted by the virus to the posing team. On the field, in the first documentary, the case of a Skydonn sport. The Duke players vomited in the locker room and on the sidelines during the September 19th, 1998 game against FSU, which they lost 62-13. The virus then spread the day of the team. The only contact between the two teams was on the plane field to Dr. Christine Mowell, who said the Mowell I see it. The clicker I get. The virus was passed by. People touching each other's contaminated hands. Game films showed ill-dook players with a vomit on their jerks, colliding with opponents and duplicates wiping their mouth pieces on their hand, then touching opponents facing their later shaking their hands. I'm shaking their hand. Here's another little episode from last life. Excitement at the of Macarena. This may be one other reason. Maybe not as enthusiastic as I was since I had two cracked lips and I busted God damn factored the bone in my hands to pitch. Even when you're walking around without a cast, I'm obviously even though I've been explaining on the air that I'd go for the hand therapy three times. Thanks, L'Azure, the best we'd are. Even though my hand is coming along pretty good, the cast is no longer there, not for a couple of weeks. The fact is, the fact is that there's still pain in that little piggy because that last good, the last knuckle, was jammed in the cast for six weeks. It still hurts like a mother. So that when you're shake somebody's hand, you really don't want to shake anybody's hand. There was a very nice young lady, she was 24, very listened to the show, she shook my hand. And that was just about right. But these guys that you're there, your hands, they want to show you how manly they're there. So that's the squee de quit squee de, quit squee de, it's so hard in my hand too, okay? I'm not shaking anymore hands, so this thing heals all off. Do you have any idea how painful that is when you're when your bone is a pain in and the running your finger kill? It's pain in near-squizement, real tight. Cut the crap you idiots. So a lot of people are just to cut my left hand and say, you know, they're the ones still here on which it is, which it is, quit squee de. I'll so she never called in that bitch. I'm gonna cut it, I'm off. I just I would give my left nut. So that bitch to call. How come you can't be more enthusiastic? How come you can't mind you all having business, bitch? How come you're watching me with your binoculars? I can think of a lot of other people when I play, so I do watch with binoculars and I'm not one of them. Believe me. Well, speaking to people at some folks who are watching the binoculars that any simple MacPherson Murphy is still loud and just shrill. I mean, you know, you like the way she looks fine, have at her. So to speak. Loud and shrill. Uninolready loud and much too shrill, Pio system. They've Joseph says, picking a silver lining out of a dark cloud, at least we have some elbow room at the Macarena. You can't complain about the cloud last night because there was no, it was pathetic. And people told me that we're there for the Carolina game, we can go find it. That was not even much worse. That there was nobody there. And speaking, nobody's showing up. Michael Mayo for one. So this is the one side of the two or three times you have read a good column this year. series of fallen classic about the fact that Fox is having a little bit of a breakdown because they spent almost millions of dollars for the rights to carry baseball and the playoffs in a world series and guess what, there's nobody watching except for the New Yorkers who are well and and thank goodness for the New Yorkers because that was the excuse to do hero last night at the Macarena when nobody showed up. And I'm going to stick time outboard. I said, I'm not going to be knocking people for not showing up to tickets or overpriced. The food is gross and the tiny overpriced to keep jacking up the prices every year on that food. And the performance out there has been for the most part last night was better, but for the most part, it's pretty pretty bad to say the best. But to those keep by and of course the good news I'm seeing is that with Pat Buren fired in Boston yesterday, you can see him moving right on in here. In fact, maybe even the organization picked up a big chunk of his salary so the Harry Simmons does not have to pay out that 950 grant sounds with the name. Pat Buren's great five IPM. See ya baby. Go home yesterday and on my door. Here's a green thing on my door. Have a see a green thing on your door. One of those things that they they stick on your door. The state swans federal citrus canker eradication program will be inspecting trees in area for citrus canker next to weeks. Please don't move any citrus plants, plant parts or fruit from your property. Well I guess if we're going to move fruit from my property, I'll have to move out. How do you like that? Do I have any citrus? Oh, I have any fruit tree? Oh, any citrus? No. And oh, they showed a guy on me on a move life land implantation, some poor banks and those just hyperventilating and rightfully so. Pop it out plants canker battle in circuit court. Oh, you got to call today. And not only pop it on a beach is going to be, but also going to be joined in by a dear field beach called Springs. They do like house price group, the Pacific Ocean Creek Pembo Pines and late Wednesday Plantation Official voter consider filing a separate injunction against the citrus program for the fashes. The tanker fashes are coming in and just tearing up your property. Just keep in mind who's behind this is last name is spelled with the B USA. Okay, just keep in mind. He's the headhunter of the tanker police. 567560 palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Now the single call on a board here this morning after last night. Well, they don't care about that and that was pretty obvious by whom we there. So I could just go down and so I've got eight million things. I'm an including a great article from the Atlanta newspaper fucking overfunded. It's here somewhere in the middle of all the other direct all the southern meanless class from the local papers. Like I said, it's in here somewhere a George Goddammit. I've got 4 come out yesterday by the way. I won. George won big lucky for this. Here we go. Get the killer crap. Who do you hate the most on this show? George winning hands down. I see love them both one more big. They're in a real loving mood yesterday which is unusual for this crowd. 37770-70-705. But they hate George the most. 236 33 and a third percent. They said, you charge a third of them hate you like Thorgin. Hate them both equally 51 and hate Neil the most only 40. However, 12.8, I'll lock you through a keen percent. Hate both of us. The same. So that's there's a lot about this audience and also a lot about this market. Make no mistake about that. Who with hate? I don't hate anybody except they're bitch from the game last night. Here's a mobile and broken. Hello. Okay, now I've stuck in the end. Mobile and plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got two questions. One last night, you think the turning point in the game was that we're all fall against goldmen or interference which cost us a goal and gave them a power play and gave them a goal. So what did you want to say this? He didn't give them a goal. He had to be able to kill penalties and they didn't kill the penalties. They never got another own in one time on that power play and you've been passed it around like there was nobody else on the ice cream from a youngish bucket in there. You can't play when you can't win the officials when you play seven games in the head or one one and addition to what you can't win any games without scoring goals. You can't win games without sticking the biscuit in the basket. I can't argue with that and I emailed the Panthers asking for TMZ and I got the response that Terry Murray with his third years of experience combined with both Corey. There's more about hockey than I do and most of South Florida really. He's here to say you want to bet You want to see what had if they lose the Nashville and the Ottawa Saturday, which they will lose out of her head. If they lose those two games, I guarantee it by next week will be gone. I'll be caught in a party. Okay. I'll be there with you. Okay. Good long pal. That's what they always say that big boat of confidence comes just before the big bond drops. Okay, TMZ. I don't want you to get nervous to kiss. We'd are but believe me. They're not playing for you at all. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Ladies, Porsche's go 4 points up and Florida. However, CNN discovered that Groh who was up 1 point in their 4 two days ago Now he's 4 at 5 points behind both anybody believe in any of these four. Oh, I don't say I mean they're just to his You know what they're like. They like to get in stock market hysterical way to help them and way to hell down it's like everybody's peeing in their pants Like those crazy Canadian people yesterday with that North Health stock the TSE went down the Toronto stock It seems with about 850 points yesterday because no teleroposent the Florida whole guy they've extinct So when one stock like that takes a big crack and the whole day in the Krapher You've heard of irrational exuberance. We have irrational hysteria. That's what's going on now Here's our poor question for today. What's the way you are sending things? In fact, what we ought to do we ought to take a poll go on to and find out if the people know who's running for your Western from the state of Florida before I even live the names That would be good. What percentage of people you think would know who the candidates are for the United States Senate Chug running for county max feet 10% of just 10 people maybe 10 people in the state that's not bad out of 15 million If the election were today who would be vote for for US Senate bill Nelson bill McCallon or Lily Logan like yes is looking to be the trigger in the wood pot. Oh, yeah Good old Uncle Tom turn coat will he Logan Remember really hurtin here's haven't you or hello? Oh, yes, yes, I call that something else I'm talking about whatever you want. I'm not talking about hockey. Are you out of your mind? Yeah, talk about hockey will be off here before noon last night of the telecast after the first period yeah Every that land Mary I saw remember six many. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and I saw an land land call amount of two we put them right on the spot You said that was the first thing came remember yeah But anyway Oh, you see the 60 minutes Some days yeah, yes on that little kid who they like eight hundred thousand all right I'm gonna start calling him Jonathan was his name. I got a name and I'm gonna call him prison stock this little john I don't know John but didn't know he part about that I think it was like innocent he was I got no score and I'm glad that the CNBC people are down here just like his lawyer said He's a real times less guilty than all these speakers that they got one on their right now James Roy states read research CNBC is famously they take all of these goddamn quacks and they put them on there and they're promote Knowledge bookrap and come up with all these so-called expert opinions They don't really they're asked from your elbow and the meantime all they do when they're typing up their own stocks that they got a vested interest in You right no one knows anything with anything That's right. I also want to six minutes later. It's not like he was just ignorant of the law He's a good meal it what he was doing But they felt the mention was that when they went on a surprise visited to little john town Yeah, he had pin ups in the bedroom of Michael milking and Ivan Vosty right Well, who was good enough for him on and he came away from it with a half million bucks Great so that's wrong with that. It's you American effinway baby. He knew exactly what he was exactly By the way, me and my wife for the I got you like couple yeah, we love now Made a cigarette girl Why haven't the Washington lately? He doesn't believe I've been going for my therapy now. I don't know who that is Okay, you know the one that's a Danny hired to me, right? Okay? Dr. Boward. That was kind of push candy on her. Okay? Dr. Boward or Rick I see I'm all confused. Let's do a guiding right here. No, let's do a hockey show. No, no 26th or 10 at five 60 W to two and I need another abortion and I need it I feel like a baby hanging out my ass I'm haggling and I've been chaudled with in my feet And I quit the big blinds down the street. It's the abortion shuffle Yeah, I never do this. I never interrock a bit in the middle But I'm gonna do it just because this lady called in by request hello Hello, yes, yes We're so good. I would love to know it's a good and we're good for no That's no, yeah, how you doing bitch? But you give me what's there for yeah You're dressed for what? I left not yeah, yeah You worry you have noxious I have I will tell you we're disgusting I was not and I'm gonna ask you if you should once will be asked to come you and your husband We're high-pailing it out of there with a minute and a half ago You wish a much more enthusiastic than I am I'm going to sit there waiting on your ass for the Panthers to use that last minute and I haven't side a game up and go it over time Yeah, because it's my house in Turkey Oh really been two minutes before the end of the go I want to send my sympathies to your husband and like I said all the men out there because they have to put up with nagging nagging Kvets you women like you who just never stop Okay, let me kid just imagine the hoods of somebody saying I got my binoculars on you and how come you're not more enthusiastic I want to watch the game instead of watching me because you're more interesting than the game Well, that's a lot about your enthusiasm Your yanta your professional freaking yanta Yeah, you're mother even your mother can't stay here What you do is explain your back through you complain about the car I don't understand a minute to do some put yourself to that much attention Let me answer was a big crowd there last night. No, it was a full grace. Oh I see how to you know Just how it let me mean me one other person in this town who gets more people to those games than I do Then you one other person. Okay. Oh Who got why we were right you if that's why you all watch me next time next time I bet the vice please watch the game Leave the binoculars home unless you watch and leave with me in Pavelbury real close Unless you're watching them leave the binoculars home and watch the game Like I said I'm a Hangar on the double And it was actually a game of stitching discussion let me tell you about a great friend of mine My inductive run has been coming up the game as well as I can remember who comes around a nice guy giving us a nice big check for a criminal sauce and then set a one in the years past every year. First it was a thousand and it was two thousand bucks which I have always appreciated very much. But I thought about it sitting here this morning. I thought about it last night. I thought about it last night. I thought about it last morning and I'm thinking about it here before the show today. I'm not taking as money. Because he comes to me before the game we're talking about usual hockey talk and they are very nice guy in some ways. But he's one of those choose for Hitler. You know what I'm talking about? Republican Jews. And Republican only in a self-serving financial break. Because he knows he's not an ignorant guy. He's a very bright guy. He knows that Bush is a dummy. I even brought that up to him. I had my growing growners but not doing a game last night. And he's in denial. He said instead of saying he's not a moron. He said well he's going to sell out himself for a lot of great people. I said like who it like, Trump lot and like Jesse Helms and I went to the whole list of all these factors that have a kind of too much to eat. You see from slide at the time we did a couple people not just behind bars but we even have those instruments and I think when I see people doing something the same, Victor was saying he does work. But I think my job got in some of his works is that my wife was VO. And of course, unlike old counselor, if I had an older concubine, I had a wife, We'll say this. They're showing you what a nice guy here. He says, well, I will give you a contribution because you looked at me when I said Panperiote like it. Yeah, you would have looked like it. Yeah, yeah. Like I just held the cross up and wrote a Dracula and the Wolf Pain. And I know that would be his reaction. And he said, well, tell you what, I'll give you a check, but after the election is over. Because I don't want to find out that any of my money is going to those campaign ads that they're running. And of course he's talking about those very effective ads that Panperiote put together. They're going to be published in Women for Choice, which you see those ads on there. But all those women are voted Republican in the past or now voting Democratic right down the line because they're a sick and tired of this figure tugging crap of these people who come on their Like Bruce and say, oh, I believe in the people who people should make their own choices, except of course, when it comes to women for example. Just as one example, when it comes to personal liberties. So I'm not going to take your money around. I'm going to show you the fact that you're still, you know, you're still waiting for you. I won't take it. In fact, if we come up a little short, which I know because it looks like we're going to have a big year raising money. Or if we come up a little short, I'll put number two granted in there myself before the end of December, which I've already put my 10 granted. I'll put another two granted there. Because I don't want to take your money. Not that you're a bad guy and you're willing to put it in there. But just because they're the whole principle, nauseate to me. Right wing Jews, Jews who support Jews who support Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson and Gary Bower and Trent Lot and Tom Delay and at whole bunch of anti-Semitic obnoxious only because of dollars in sense. And like I pulled a lot of you during this discussion we've had last few weeks on the show. If that's all you care about is you're 60 cent a day alleged proposed tax cuts that you think you're going to get. Or like the one guy said, you're the, all the two grand years going to make a big deal like you're going to get two grand year, which you won't. But if he did, if you learn to sell out, I'm principle for a few bucks. Then you know, it's a free country, at least so far, go right ahead, not this kid. It's not worth it to me and I guarantee I would say that however lot more than most of you every year, but I'm not going to do it. Jewel is for Hitler. Very, very offended to me. Here's some rise, I don't. Hey, I'll find a word of principle, she comes up because the one thing I really enjoy your show about and enjoy your opinion. You've been pretty consistent all the time about everything. Yeah. You've spent two years explaining why what you've done in the past doesn't matter the fact that they're doing a good job. You know, it's his own, like in business, what he did in his private time. But now the only thing that seems to matter to you is that Bush did drugs 30 years ago or 20 years ago and he drinks up a once a month. You cannot go. No, wait, wait, wait. No, I'm not. Sir, let me see it again. Use there's a difference between somebody curousing, which they all do. And somebody having a substance abuse problem that you want to put with his button on the figure of weekly a reference, don't you see the difference? Do I have to draw your diaphragm? What do you say? We check everybody out of their job. It has a substance problem. I'm afraid that the president shouldn't be somebody with a substance abuse problem and there is no such thing. In spite of your attempt to rationalize, there is no such thing as an ex-alcoholic. That's like being a little bit pregnant. But that's all you care about. That's all I care about. And of course, how much have I talked about that compared with one percent compared to the other 99 percent about the issues and about the fact that he's a moron, which I got all kinds of material here for research, which I know I won't convince you. If George W. is banging all kinds of drugs on the side of that, and in addition to which I guess we're also supposed to forget if it comes up, then he actually paid off for that abortion. Years ago when he wrote his 70s, if we're a flimster, he turns out to be true. What are you going to say then? Instead of worrying about what I'm saying and being consistent, how about all you monochopenious gay people out there? But if you're getting a flu, if you blow jobs, how about you people what are you going to say? Are you fetus huggers? What are you going to say? I'll kiss the band ground, I've heard it. In fact, I'll kiss that brought from the hockey game last night that just got our kiss or run in the lips. Wait in front of your wiener for everybody to see. They can put the picture on a front page, the newspaper, I'll kiss you on the lips. But even a little tongue for crying out loud. If that's that Larry Flint story comes up between now and a Russian day. That's how enthusiasm you ask to cry on about that. Because that's what you're dealing with. All this all brain morality back. All these hypocritical assholes. These great robbers. And let me see it again. Just take a look if you can go back in the internet and find the files from the pictures that they've had on their Houston peches on a nice sunny day when you can't see 15 feet in front of you. Because the or a cell polluted from his good buddies in the world industry. That's what he's going to do for your environment. Just a good freaking puppet. That's all he is. Just a dish that I know nothing. A thunderhead. So you want some supposed to forget the fact. I mean first of all the factors that Clinton happens to be a capable president. He's been a tremendous leader. He's also not a moron. He's a very educated guy. He knows where a course of all is on a map. And they're pretty damn good job there too, by the way. And let me ask you. It's a little bit eric. And you go slobby and it's not. But you like that. But don't confuse this guy with the fact. We're talking about somebody who does have a substance in use problem, which we really don't know the extent of and be is a moron. You put those two together and to me you got something very, very dangerous. Speaking of something dangerous ourselves, the problem continues being dangerous. The choice to happen ever responded about Chuck Alphe or he. Oh. See we got two guys down there who look a lot like Trist rapper and Todd Drek, names in the similar. And they refuse to service their clients. And she also out here is the non-insured probably is almost as long as anybody under the sun is a great guy. The Neil Roger show sports radio 560s and the two A's. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Everybody's taking a friend to now. No, not baby. Take a pair of glasses. If it's something inside of making you feel now. No, not baby. Take a pair of glasses. No, not the business that we did do. You just have to on a day if the victim will to come out from a day to fill the portion on me. Speaking of abortion is queer channel communications. The biggest US radio company reported the best quarter in their history. And I read this only because a lot of people over there who worked there are going to be really upset. Just like what we're reading about the beeslears and all the money that they're making. And the people are going to reel up certain nasty teeth and pee all over the floor in the hallways. Because they're sort of scuttled with the fact that the beeslears won't pay them on time. And it's a bunch of cheap for it. Well, queer channel reported their best quarter in history with the record net revenues of $1.6 billion. So I'm interested. I'll give you an up 98% of the third quarter of last year and after tax cash flow of 3.38.9 million. And increase a 55% from the third quarter of 1999. And of course this goes right in line with what I've been telling about what the FCC did to this industry. Destroyed it, but you did. And this earnings report right on the heels of the making all those budgets cuts that all in the York stations up there and all the money and growing in the bad morale and people grumbling and selling nice going cheap channels and tools. Here's the mobile and full waterdale, hello. Yeah, I mean, you're there. I'm here. Yes, hello. I'm very glad that you signed the public care for the election. What I'm surprised is that if anybody's funding the gut's haul and what it does then is it manny. Yeah, yeah. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's broken. Hello. Hello. Yes. I love this. Can you see up in the picture of the act of the anti bush site? Yes. If you get it. I got it. Okay. I don't know if you want to tell you listeners. I mean, it's a pretty interesting thing. You go look at all the facts of the demand, the record and text. Well, I'll get to it a little later. But the fact is that the guys like that first one that called her this morning, he is then interested in the fact. He made up his mind. And this man could be the dumbest white man on the face of the globe. And it would make any difference to him. Yep. I agree with that. I would say that he's a personality. Yeah. And if he's a personality, I think he has people who are professional Republicans like my friend Ron, they're from the game-wise. Who's just obsessed with the amount of money he's going to save on taxes. And that's all he cares about his big business. And he's willing to look the other way through all this principle down the toilet over the fact that these right wingers, these permission right wingers, how do one's going to take it over the Republican Party? How do one's full and all the strings on Bush? Doesn't care. Yeah, I like it just the photo and like you. I mean, I make good money. And I'd probably be in one of the practices. We get a lot of money back. Right. I don't know. But I had a conscience. Right. That's right. I mean, you can't throw the social services. I mean, you have no shop respected all. And if your price is that low that for a few bucks you will have to sell out, then you're not much of a person. Yeah, I'd rather make a little more money and throw it more people. There you go. Oh, those good talk to Richie. Have a great day, Phil. Thanks for your time. Thank you, Phil. Five, six, seven, five, six. How's our thinking? I'd rather vote for money, hold them. Go to the least money, hold number one. He's Canadian number two. He's still alive. If the election will be in hell today, who would you vote for for you as Senate here in the marginal state of Florida? Bill Nelson, 16, Bill McCollum, 11, Willie Logan won. Willie Logan won. He'd be the trigger in the wood pile. Maybe Willie Logan. He'd be pissed off because then I'd try to party, snubbed in. So first of all, he endorsed Jed Bush. And then Jed Bush came out with his damn anti affirmative action. Nothing. And all the charges got all better to shoot. And then Willie Logan says, well, guess what? I want and try to throw this thing to Bill McCollum. He wants to be the Ralph Nader here in Florida, screw up the goddamn election. But so far, Willie only got one vote. Here's a mobile in the game. I'll tell him. Yeah. Yes, sir. On planet got through the, I'm a long time listener. In fact, I'm also originally from Rochester, New York as well. No, I'm nobody's perfect. I know. I know. I'm 56 years of getting out of there. Anyway. Yeah, I just can't believe. I mean, certainly this is the, an election where the lesser of two evil is going to win. Yeah. But, but, but, I mean, I just can't imagine anyone possibly voting for God and using as a criteria, Bush's personal history. God is kind of as, as dumb as as right. He is a liar. He's done. He's done based on one. Sorry. Remember one is promising all things to all people. You can't have a conversation. Go back to Rochester. If I say, wouldn't take you back. That probably stick your ass and come. You're an idiot. Nobody says go or he's done. And they say he's a liar. They may say, this a lot of things. And they say his personality's like a statue, which is true. But nobody, nobody anywhere has the audacity to say that he's done. And he's a liar. And he says, he's a liar. And he says, he's a liar. And he says, he's a liar. And it's a shame. There's an opportunity to say he's done. And again, everything being relative and you're talking about the lesser of two evil. Compared to Bush, he's a god damn rocket scientist. In fact, compared to Bush, my little miniature pincher is a genius. So you can continue off-skating to an epholicripe. And here, when I ask you a very specific question twice, and you come back with the same non-answer. That marks the end of our conversation, sir. I would say I would see you don't buzz, but I hate to head. I don't think they would let you in there. And especially since I went to school right next door to Dunn and Bob's at right now monthly school, I don't think that they'd let you in their reader because even the elementary school kids, they're going to school right now at this moment as I speak, are certainly far more intelligent than you are. You see the rest of us thinking living and breathing people can envision in fact many people came to me at the game last night and they all are separate my friend Ron of course who's a lifelong republicist because of the money factor and is a cop out in the cell out. Good guy but a cop out but other than that, every single one of them said the same thing, they can't believe that anybody could vote for someone is obviously dumb as your W. Bush. It's written on his face, there it is, it's written. It's on his forehead, it says, look at me, can you believe how dumb I am? Oh no, that confused, they're in the light in the headlights look like, but, huh? Please somebody show me where I am on the map. Far right wing, suffers in silence, is Bush's race. I'm going to start reading these articles, okay? I'm sticking to the list of all of you stupid Bush-lookers out there who can't conduct the conversation because you don't have the fact on your side. You've got nothing on your side and now you're starting to get real panicky because every guy then pull one day it's one way when it's so guy then, post you don't know what this scream or each of you is banana, that's your problem. Since you took her editorial page editor of the Atlanta Constitution, hardly a neo-liberal newspaper, she says, far right wing suffers in silence as Bush-thraize, but the strings are already shitty wing. This is no doubt that a challenging election season for James Dodson, Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell, and other icons of the offensive and conservative wing of the Republican Party. They've had to keep their mouths mostly shut, stay mostly out of sight and watch his George W. Bush publicly distance himself from much that the fringe right has stood for over the past few decades. What a change from just four years ago, then every major Republican politician was required to kiss the rings of those self-enointed obiters of morality and family values. These days, Mr. Bush had his vice-presidential nominee Dick Cheney, regardless of any public recognition of Mr. Thompson's Robert to Dell as the kiss of death. But he gets his little power hungry and publicity seeking, though they may be, the Reverend Robert's and his right wing brethren have dealt with it. They've resisted the temptation to chastise Mr. Bush to allow, for too often, to demand a public vowel of fieldy or to do anything to frighten off the independent voters Mr. Bush needs to win. There are much too desperate for that. After eight years of wandering in the wilderness of presidential politics, the religious and social right believes that with an a hairs breath of having the white and the white house a man who will do their bidding. Even if Mr. Bush has given them the stiff arm lately, they believe they can control him if he wins. There is no reason to believe that Mr. Bush harbors the same harsh and mere or social views that they do. He seems genuinely dedicated to diversity and diversity and social intolerance, but there's also a reason to believe that Mr. Bush will do anything to stop the fringe right from pushing its gay bashing, woman hating a gender in the law where he to be elected. After all of the most outrageous exaggeration that Mr. Bush is offered during the campaign, among a host of his distortions that the Washington Press Corps is chosen either ignore or downplay is his insistence that he will lead. Of all the characteristics that Mark Mr. Bush's tenure as governor of Texas leadership is not among them. As head of a state with a weak governor system, Mr. Bush mostly went along to get along. He never took on the Texas death machine despite dreams of evidence that the criminal justice system there is a riddle with racism and competence in error. He never challenged the Texas Republican Party whose official platform would appeal all minimum wage laws and abolish social security and it bears the homosexual behavior as contrary to the fundamental unchanging truth that have been ordained by God. He never stood up for the big business interest that during the year pollute the water or defy regulation. Given Mr. Bush's record and winch hisness, the retrowifial certain that can pull his strings. So they mostly stayed silent and wanted to declare that he would not have spent outlaw abortion until a lot of minds are changed. Or they wouldn't try to refilfe the FDA's approval of RU486. They knew he was pervericating on the second point anyway. Just a week or so earlier, a Bush spokesman said that Mr. Bush would try to overturn the FDA approval of the drug. And they purse their lips and grip their teeth when Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney who's got a Mary as a lesbian, refused during debates semimically, religious rights, reflective condemnation of homosexuality as an abomination. Indeed, Mr. Cheney went so far to say that people should be freed and ran any kind of relationship they want to enter into. That probably provoked private fits from the Reverend Paul Well, who once forgot after a PBS puppet aimed at toddlers as an agent of the homosexual agenda. But he and his fellow travelers were able to mute their rage, confining their descent mostly to comments on the website of their respected right-wing organizations. They figured that if Mr. Bush can just hold on and not angle any more syntax and mix up any more world leaders, the fringe right will have as NRA executives once put it, a president where we work out of their office and they're probably right. The Cynthia Tucker on the editorial page of the Atlantic Constitution. Nice going Cynthia. They're probably right as in far right. And thinking of the NRA in the last month, an action rifle association has contributed $950,000 to the George W. Bush campaign in the last one month, almost $1 million a long. Philip Morris to backo company was by the way my friend Ron's got a lot of full morphed to backler's sake mentioned to me and passing and realized what he was saying. Philip Morris to backo, number one contributor, National Rifle Association, number three contributor, the pharmaceutical company number four and the big world companies right in there in the top 10. The great polluter and seller out of your rights and seller outer to corporate interests. Wither without the booze problem, wither without a nose problem, wither without any nose problems, wither without any nose problems, a bozo a puppet of the dangerous right. So we don't need any other reasons. But if Larry Flint's ready, we're ready. Four before 11 to five, 50 W to Q. Four for the O five, 60 W to Q A M by heavy court lawyer Bill of these league. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Roots face your hand. W to Q A M dot com or the world. Where you fudge back? No, the Athlach casting call. All right, Tom Broker. Tom Broker. That's what I get. Again, Tom. One more time, Tom. I'm losing a second part. One more. Next. My time soon. My time soon. Yes, my time. My time. Stop saying what I'm saying. I say what I'm saying. I'm that. Again, I'm that. Again, I'm that. Next. Yes, he jacks it. Ah, fuck. Ah, the night for luck. A Jesse M. Sire, but the duck is white. Next. What the hell is this nuts? I mean, to duck the talk. Stay to the scribe, Mr. Allen. Crazy to send me. Recyline please. Why would it suck? Peak. The great young contrary sir, how welcome sir, welcome. Call me. I thought the surgery to line please. Offer. Excuse me sir again. Offer. Sir, I'm sorry that second part of the line I own. I'm simply flaring. Offer. Next. Oh God. I guess we got Gilbert got freedom here. All right, give it to me Gilbert. I'm back. I want more time Gilbert. I'm back. Well Gilbert, I pretty much hate you. And I think you're terrible, but get a close thing we got. You got the job. I'm not too far. Six years. You can't really take a poll either on presidential or the senator rating else. Because as soon as we do and taking a picture about 40 minutes, 45 minutes. And that's exactly what it took this time. And then they get to ward out and all of the sun. All these people weren't even listening to the show. For example, Bill Nelson was ahead of Bill McCallum by about like 35 to 17. Something like that. And now all of a sudden 35. 35 will be Logan with 10. Does anybody believe that? Oh, and I guarantee that that's couple of flashes here. Probably by 11 30, Bill McCallum has been at 600 votes. And it surprised me. Well, I enjoy doing that because the coach is sure that the degree of desperation. It's like that fact we have from the guy who's talking about how they're doing this. On all the polls on every website all over America, the degree of desperation. These are the right way in that case. Desperate. And especially getting more and more desperate rattling their spirits. Now that they see the last couple of days that the polls are really so damn close. The polls are over the weekend, and they thought Bush was really open and big lead. In fact, even on CNN yesterday, it's better now get in Bush at 5.0. Nationally in the popular vote. They showed five of the battleground states that including Florida where they showed GoForePoint to hand. And other than Oregon where Bush was 4.0 said, Go was in and everyone of the states, Michigan, Pennsylvania, for now figure with the other one. That's 415. So these nervous nellies out there probably just have a fit. A Schmidt fit. Here's a call in Naples. Hello. Hey, New. Yes sir. That last call was some tweet, Gettian. Which one was that? The guy who was talking about Bush's Gores in college. Oh yeah. I mean, that Bush is in when I have a Gores in when I ask him why. And he keeps saying he can't answer the question. Yeah. Let me bring up the point about the Rand Corporation study. Yes. My parent's ever good friend who's got her works for the corporation. It's in Southern California. It is an extremely conservative organization. It is not a left wing liberal think tank. Yeah. This is a very conservative organization. His own people are telling him he's lying. There's just no question about it. Right. The kids, the testing is rigged. The kids are very stressed in that state. When you put testing is the only criterion. You put a lot of pressure on the kids. They're not allowed to learn at their own level. You know. So these kids are stressed out. All they're doing is teaching them the passage test. Yeah. So the drop-all rate is much higher than they really had been reporting. Because a lot of these kids are just getting pushed out of the system. If you can't make it, we're going to push you out of the system. You become invisible without gets like you don't matter. So I mean his own people. This is a very good thing. But it's interesting how the media put this kind of stuff like I'm paid 20 like the hero that he has to say. The sun settled. Yeah. Didn't discover the story at all. And the thing about the patient's bill right in the fact that he lied about that. And then he said, my bush lies blatant lies. Yeah. Policy lies. And that stuff gets ignored. And yet it's gross given a little bit of misinformation like about the girl standing. She stood in the classroom and served for one day or whatever. We're six months or whatever. Then right away. Oh, he's a liar. He exaggerates on everything. And you ought to get it. It's shocking to me. Which wasn't true by the way. Because there were other students that had it. And the media did correct that. But it's like putting it on page 98 right under your bid. It's too late to say. Yeah. And let me point on one other thing too. I think people talk about how gross being. He is somewhat stiff. But I'll tell you how much stiff. Well, give it to you. Well, give it to me. Let me ask you this. Give me a little bit of a garter. I'll throw them up whole Indian. Yeah. Did you see that else in the center of our week ago? No. Oh, yeah. I'm glad you bring this up last night. Where the hell did I see it? I wish I was when I got home from the game after that. This was confronted in front of the arena. I turned on Bloomberg TV to see what the futures were in the markets. And they ran a clip of a, he was campaigning in Arkansas yesterday. And I thought to myself, I wish I had the tape rolling. If this man would campaign and speak the way he did there, he would be 50 points ahead. I mean, he was talking naturally. He was loose. He was forceful. He was really coming out. What a heavy good. Rippin' how out of Bush. It was great. And I thought to myself, where is this out? We're events. The last six months. He was great. He was funny at that dinner. He came on. You know, he got back to what interrupting. And he's like, he comes out. And he's like, well, I'm sorry. I interrupted your dinner. You know, and he's everybody's looking at him. Yeah. What's wasn't funny last night. This was just great. No holds barred. The campaigning. He was paying. And I just, I don't know where he came from. But Bush went. Bush got out there. He was so huge. He was kind of a humor. So stupid. He was like, he came out. He said, he's a little bit of a consistent bill. But when he was at jail, he started a party. I started a few parties myself. Yeah. And finish him. Okay. I have a great day, Tom. 5 6 7 0 5 6. You're 25 6. You're 25 6. On the ATD. The market's second after. I predict his man's that's already down 80 point. I mean, sorry. And then I was down 45. Listen, I understand. I saw that asshole Barton's big. They had on the other day. And he knows he may just have a point. Because I talked to maturity yesterday. And maturity says, oh, wow. I think we reached the bottom. And that that can miss me. We have not. Because if maturity says, take a quick left over here. I immediately turn right and do a U-turn as a matter of fact. Did maturity says, turn left at the light. So I'm thinking to myself, it would be a great time to start like liquidating a lot of stuff and getting some cash ready. I mean, so he's very substantial amounts of cash because there will be some great fine opportunities when we finally do get to the bottom. Like after the election. Here's a mobile and North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. There's my comment about politics. I mean, I'm neither Republican nor Democrat. Yeah. Look at the election here is trying to pick the most philosophical interpretation of the, you know, the right to the American dream. I believe that, you know, as much as I think, or post-chase and idiot, I think he employees, the right people in the right sub companies of the government, which, like, normal short-sort and column power and new people. Some companies of the government. Well, I don't think they, let me ask you something. What sub company of the government is general short-sort for now? No, I mean, doesn't. What my point is, what are you talking about? If I go or want small governments, but yet it's the biggest business nationally and internationally. And if you think that the run, the term, in other words, we're just going to have, we're going to have anarchy, we're going to abandon government. Is that, you're flying into that crap about big government? No, but they need to employ smaller communities with their own laws instead of commanding federal regulations for education. You know, how about things about things that they're going to want about in my state's rights? George W. Love states, right? You know what states, right? Don't you see what that's code for? No. Okay, well, look at that. Have somebody explain it to me. Oh, my God, I'm telling you, you know, we need, we need the voting police on lecture day. And I did see that volunteer perfect. And it's not like some big arena, whatever that guy was talking about. It's like a fire station there. Victoria Park, a little bit of it called on the corner sunrise and one 18. Like a little fire station there and that's park. And if I can't vote, and there I'll go a few other places involved, because I'm going to be voting many times anyway. I was, now, and I can't vote the difference. 5, 6, 7, how about some kind of a voter registration car? I know, just the man in my name was going to see to get those. Oh, and also the reason that the Bush people are getting real nervous is, and all these polls in Southeast Florida, the Gore is ahead of Bush 61 to 32%. I want you to stop and put on your thinking cap for just a second. You know, where the gray matter used to be inside there, put on your thinking cap. If Gore has had 61 to 32 in Southeast Florida, and you take out the, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Green tooth element down there in Little Havana. Can you imagine what that leaves? So no wonder a lot of you lost these people called in here seem very, very insecure and very lonely, because you have a lot of company down here. Most of the rest of the people here seem through this crowd. Oh. 9 minutes after 11 at 5.50 QA. 5 minutes, I'm out of the room. 5 minutes, I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. I'm out of the room. Let's get chitted to the house. of the US. The Florida Democratic Party on Wednesday, filed two against Governor Jen Bush and the Republican Party of Florida asking for a statewide apology for the wholly inappropriate and shameful misuse of the state seal and to get out to vote letter penned by the governor. The party is also asking that any absentee ballot request received by election supervisors and the result of Bush's letter be returned to the sender with or without elders. The Democrats claim a letter bush wrote urging Republicans to cancel absentee ballots with illegally decorated with the official state seal. It's unbelievable. It is to be used for official state business not for partisan politics to the lawsuit five and circuit count accordingly on county hominously capital. The seal is supposed to stand as the official symbol of the tremendous weight and power of the people of Florida. Unfortunately, the Republican Party of Florida demonstrated that to them, the great state seal is nothing but a prop to be subverted at will for some political purpose. The GOP last week said it used an older version of the state seal. Listen from the state flag as a watermark on the letter and a spokeswoman for Bush's crafted lawsuit by the adiadi adiadi adiadi adiadi. How you like that? Also, here's the thing that says many people that he's got friends who say they're not going to vote because they think that if they vote to serve jury duty, I hate to break the news here, but it's no longer God to do a voter registration rules or anything like that and has to do with your driver's license. If you have a Florida driver's license, they can call you and bug you for jury duty. So that's a really lame, lame ass. Excuse for not voting. Here's the facts from somebody, obviously highly motivated who says, it's the courts still fit. I am appealing to all voters, those who believe in controlling their own designated cast, their vote for Gore slash leadermen. The risk of electing president like George W. and giving him the opportunity to appoint federal judges let alone some peeing courts, that this is more than frightening. A abortion will become illegal. We'll have prayer in the schools. The rights to express your sexual preferences will be nullified and we'll have guns in every church in school. This year it's more than the economy. It's the courts to fit both around Gore and Julegerman and keep choice alive. And this poll of ours, of course, like I said, it's totally bogus, but I guess maybe they backed off a little bit because they don't want to be too obvious and put all 600 votes in their one time. On the US Senate race, we got Bill Nelson with 56 Bill in the economy with 56 and Willie Lowgan with 56. Oh yeah. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Mr. Howard, how are you today? My plan on voting for Al Gore as we all should. However, don't you think that your constant bashing of Mr. Leaveman might have a negative effect on his vote to the limited mentality of most of your listeners? What does that mean? Well, your comments are on the supports to city and lie. No, I'm relentless in my criticism, I'm misceiving. Because he makes me nauseous. He makes me want to puke and because I'm grossed out by his worrying of religion on the sleeve and this attempt once again to make a him part of the God squad and try to drag us all on that stupid vacuum of his. I'm not arguing that one with you. He's nauseating. It was an act of political stupidity and the part of the group people who pick him. I'm not arguing that one with you. However, just a little food for four. No, no, I'm not going to think about it. I don't do this show based on calculating. Well, let's see, should I say this? Should I let it all hang out? Well, maybe you should if you weren't or elected as we all do. Sir, don't call the show and tell me what to say. Okay. So why is he your time? Because it's not going to happen. Maybe I should. The answer is absolutely. No. I'm not easy and off on due labor. He's anxious. He's nauseating. And I'll say it again. I'm not the one that debated big cany and sucked his earlobe for 90 minutes that night. That was your man, Lieberman that said there. Like he was at a goddamn peep party. Like he was at a Passover Stader. I'm here. I don't know. I thought we had a very socialized and civilized dialogue on the issues. And then they took the poll at two to one. A chany people said chany seemed more qualified to be presidential than Lieberman's. Because Lieberman's are wimpin' a mouse. And just like this, crappy was hockin' over there at Notre Dame. First he's down there at Jorge Mott's tombstone. Suckin' up to the old Cubans who are going to vote for him anyway. And they's up there the other day in Notre Dame. And speaking of being up there at Notre Dame, I just might point out. In the newspaper today from the Hero of Wireservices on the inside, the page three, new questions are raised on Pope's silence during World War Two. Oh, okay. Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait. Wait, wait. It's my time with the right now. But you might just want to take a look at that. Since Mr. Lieberman was up there sucking around at Notre Dame. I'm talkin' about how we need to inject more religion into American society. And how we have to have our morals are all based on a higher power. And all the sort of bullcrack that he espouses. He makes me puke. So that's one thing about me. I don't see him in a void letting certain things out because it might be politically expedient. Like I'm controlling the election if you believe that. But you really shouldn't say those things, even if they are true. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Let's get to show on the road here today. Let's wake up and spell his odd damn dandelions. Okay. Here's Pepper Time, tell us. Slow down. Yes, sir. I don't know the ratio. I'm not a robot as you are, but I go back to far as I get to Eisenhower. And never in the history have I ever remember a summer or the week. Qualified guy for one of the president has George Bush. Yeah. And for America, both of the guys, then we also go to the couch and get our headache payments. And that, I'll stick to looking guy who's one of the percent of the cocky. How did you do this? I don't know if I can't speak anymore to a culture. Macauki. 560, but 560, and this other guy's worried about him. I've been in the two tough on Librums. You guys said it himself. We got them ready to have a mentality out there. Ours points. Not just in this audience, just in general. That's America. You can't complain about the education in this country because there isn't any. Macauki. All of us are ready. Looks like they're how do you do these? Here's Pepper Time, tell us. Hey, Neil, how are you today? Pretty good. What is this article with us for supposed to come out? What does that mean when is it supposed to come out? What does that mean? How do I know when it's supposed to come out? Or if it's gonna come out? Okay, I didn't know. I've been talking about it. I've been hoping to see how. Nobody's hoping more than I am. I'm squeezing it right now. I'm praying. I'm getting my knees in praying to Buddha and Allah. And Jesus and Moses in the Abraham. All righty. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Let's see. Let's see. And of course, one has to really wonder if they do have the good. Sure, if it's good. Everybody's gonna see the light of day anywhere. If anybody will publish it. I mean, Larry Flenkin publish it. Every good red blood in the American meat, personal magazine. You bet. Well, it just would be articles. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How's that line, 6, do you want anybody to fix that yet? No. And once of course, it's not on vacation. Nobody's running shit here as usual. And we found had to get traced right for him here. We're giving you a son and then all I'm trying to tell him is that to be quoted spot is 100 years old. And it's pappa pappa pappa. And he's trying his best to impersonate. Roy. Huh? He doesn't care. He doesn't know what he's doing here. How would it be if we gave the account to somebody who did care? Who is we? We. Somebody who care me and Charles. Me and Charlie L. Yeah, I grew close personal friends. How about a Charlie Colton said my A is a piece of crap. And how about somebody else handling Mr. Count? So that you know, lose all the revenue. And I've been out with you for like 500 years. How about that? There's parents who's gonna get to phone line, 6. He's the one who charged by the light. I know that. What you think I know that? That he's the temporary acting. Acting TV. Not gonna get in the last year as yet, but the week is still like we got tomorrow. He's the acting TV. I give him like 20 years for over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Hanks is back today. Is that correct? Is that thanks back today for muzine New York? Am I right about that? He's not listening. Anyway, hanks is back at 2. He's got Bino Cook. At the 5th of the Saturday noon. Perkou and Hotline at 6 from Raymond Honda. And then we got World Series. Get number 5. The last game of the series. The series. The series will be the medicine I get at over with. And books here. What does that say? Why is he that was this necessary? How books do I want to get? Any K after the game? Here's a mobile and vocalo. I don't. Great. Got two quick things. I was at the specs at my Indian International. I wanted to buy your CD. I asked him where it was. I found it. And then I said it's a good one. And he says I'm going to find it. And I never listened to the things. Number one. Number two. In my International Money Expect. Just be glad you were able to find it. Yes, I am. All right. But on the number two is. I'm going to Halloween. This is how we shop down there. And we are now with an unscientific poll. We have sold 73 goremas and only six bushmas. Oh, right. All right. So I want to tell you this is untied specific. We have, and most of my customers are 40 and under. I have sold 73 goremas and only six bushmas. That's probably the most people they look at bush and treat somebody got his mask on. You know by now. Great news, pal. Thank you. All right. Bye bye. God bless America. I do like that. There's this scientific poll. Yeah. Bye bye. W. And all your right wing lunatics. This is their last gas. America said, no 92 of the right wing lunatics. They said a big fat. Fant Identity six overwhelming. And now it's quite of the desperate attempt. By the god then big money interests to the back of companies and to oil properties and to guide them national right from association and the farmers. Oh. That's what the grow was. Wrale about that. About the pharmaceutical companies. He was he was given. An ass for it. It was great. I wish I would had that tape running. He was one of the greatest speeches I ever heard in my life. And he was just raising hell. And letting bush have it. And just cut him down to size where he belongs. And cut away all his lives. And about the fact that he's beholden all the guys. He's beholden all the goddamn special interests including the goddamn drug companies and want to a thing to list the thing You're not just for seniors, but all of us including your truly slat the pace of those for prescription drugs and being held up with a gun At the drug store because your pharmaceutical gun because we have to be worried about Eli Lilly and about all these other goddamn You know Pfizer and all you people at CNBC run to you to your not fool us You're not fooling us, you may be up there in bulk with all of God damn lunatics, but you're not fooling us for a second All they care about is give me the money money money money money And that's all and what's good for Wall Street. That's all they care about is big business 70% of the CEOs For Bush 3% for Gore and the rest don't know who the hell they are The rest of the decision on their mind getting all of Ben out of shape after the stock just went down 60% one day We're gonna say not found enough yet it's founded it, but we want to see them triple digits Huh way down Yeah, we want to get the gift and that's that's not about Barton big 2500 number would be good Only six past eleven at five sixty W to Q a I'm 60 Hey Whoever you can tell you six Hey here, you have no life to talk religion because he is a Baguette and he is not what we know about are thinking Ladies are you tired of unwanted hands creeping into your panties unwanted hands creeping when they shouldn't be Uh-huh then you need Badgeo Madding that's a first family protection that really helps Oh, yeah, yes, that's good. Oh, maybe let's do it Yeah, I work at sugar no wait John Chitton No Let me just You see, badgeo manic is fantastic it really works. It's good against muggers raided drunk husband's priest horny uncles and Martina never the lowest Nothing just sets us on to leave So Mathematics and coming tune for the fellas. It's cockatoo and It was the greatest TV offer ever the fabulous romco Regimatic and now attention ladies in the labor saving tradition of a vegetarian bodyco Presently all new Badgeo Madding The first an enticing product that offers more than just feminine protection here is how it works your husband Earl Is an abusive alcoholic loser Hey, baby me already Actually dear, I'm rather tired. I'm going to sleep your drunk and I don't want you to touch me Earl doesn't know it, but she's inserted her brand new Magnetic Protection does It's buggy baby You're not here comes Earl I'm a for you. I'm worried my new Badgeon addicts so please leave me alone Badgeon addicts I'm warning you don't do that I don't think so the badmatic slide is indicted and a puree They won't be able to slow that back on bad job addicts real seven of protection from Bobbitt co And Oh Badgeon addicts against tonight for what you're in a shape and cry of badgeon addicts twice as it's nits Get you to legs and it's done and if you make the julienne fry Badgeon Bobbitt co Call now and receive a free pocket searchman and our handy home suture get I'm a random father You can't defend in protection nothing cuts a much more than that Badgeon addicts order now call 1-800-86-742-6 That's 1-800-86 Oregon 1-33-5-50-Govidic QA and our appol is really rolling along there with the Afoni both That's never got about 40 Tony votes from a column There's McCollum 707-Billos in 1969. So really the organ 17 is anybody by an ad No, no, so any attempt to take a political poll anywhere on the internet including Michelle or anywhere else is a topless But Jonathan Cooper Smith Who's an associate professor of history at Texas A and M University and teaches the history of technology and is a writer for the history News service rights in the op-ed page in the Sun Sentinel today When Al Gore allegedly claimed he invented the internet Comedians, punits, and Republicans had a field a mocking him you're using humor and misrepresentation of what Gore said It hides the deep ratio of about the relationship between political patrons and how technology is developed Of course actual role in the development of the internet reveals just how important patrons are Technology don't suddenly emerge like popcorn from a microwave as they progress from my idea to reality Technology that pulled first shape-protted otherwise objected to the action's in-in actions of people they touch and without resources to revolve and grow Even the most promising technology will remain only an intriguing possibility Creating the fiber optic network along with the server software and other components of what became the internet didn't differ from the creation of hundreds of other new technologies in the past It demanded decades of work by skilled people lots of money in many supporting technologies like jet aircraft enters interchangeable parts The internet was financed and promoted by the federal government government The safety is like those in the business world, they're not a current a vacuum behind every major invention and in better standards of patron for the internet Al Gore was that patron The historic energy of a patron is the supporter of the arts the technology needs support too try to imagine the history of the space program without the commitment of president John Kennedy the same man to the moon Can it be didn't actually build the gigantic Saturn five rocket that launched Americans of the space No depictions of the arts actually paint the arts the non-racist museum walls They do however supply the resources usually financial and others support that make it possible for those to do the work I like to represent it. This may indicate the development of new technologies. Yes one tends to find promoters of Port Berlin directing money distress of our project more than two patrons But distinguishing the two is easy the patron works openly not co-birling with banses or her favorite technology The benefits to not flow only if at all of the paper in tone state and finally the patron promotes a broad vision instead of a specific project So what did Al Gore exactly do in claims he did in May 1999 Gore told CNN's wolf butcher during my service in the US Congress. I took the energy of creating the internet This quickly was mutated into I created the internet and became part of the presidential campaign as usual in the history of a technology the truth is more complex As the Congressman in 1970s War was a leader in introducing computers in the Congress itself when he was a senator worse sponsored several bills making the federal government A catalyst for the information super highway Our only the 1991 high-performance communities and peeling act became law is constant prodigated the concept of visibility with In government among academic and industry leaders more important role was responsible for mandating the 1987 Reagan White House policy study of government computer networks The 1991 law directed more than a billion dollars to collecting computers in the national networking university school to other institutions Even more important than the money with the goals are improving public access creating digital libraries and pushing on classified technology from the military into the publishing commercial spheres These activities raise the foundation for the explosive growth of the internet in the 1990s In sponsoring his 1991 bill war envisioned a national network that would provide for tele teleconference in link your computer The millions of computers around the country give you access the huge digital libraries of information and deliver services It cannot yet imagine not a bad or inaccurate vision Lord did not pay me wrote programs of both computers But he did as a congressman senator and vice president was more important He promoted a national policy to transfer defense public computer research to the private and educational world than the promote universal access Some may argue that the internet would have developed anyway while true It would probably would have occurred with less public and educational access and it definitely would have developed in the forest floor pace Who are as early initiatives helped change the internet into a more open and universal system with more access to federal and universal databases Then it would have otherwise done we decisions have benefited directly because of this so why it's Jonathan Cooper Smith associate professor of history at Texas and Immuniversity How do you like that but don't you fuse them of the fact because he's a big liar, you know and done and Don't be taken on that two-reverment 22 before noon the time 60 WCU a real Rogers is my lover. That's incredible to me incredible in fast Number one I'd care 알았어 East All start to stay John Carson inside family health May Reúa, passions That's my job. Always for the best of days of time to kill him. He bought a key to his head, a little bit blind. He was born into money, but he's so fragile. We started a rugby on the� in scrutiny. Life wouldn't bother you. Don't leave safety with my interventions. And for aida for some strength. That's the free baht rule, for deineifz. I'm going to go over the side. What I would do is just add notes to the bush to the stuff. There's one at three, four days. But very quick stuff may become an out-of-life board. We just got, and of course we can't verify that. But supposedly the legal vehicles are checking the who's not getting a new nice and the ins and the out-of-it-so-to-speak and within three or four days. What do you think the impact is? That's going to be for the bush might be there. And here's the fact this is typical. From right-winger, right your stupidity. Here's the fact. It's funny how you have a caller calling you and say, now where it's stupid. You ask him how it was worse to. But because the man tried to answer you with something you didn't like the year, you hang up on him. First of all, let me interject right here in this fact. He didn't answer with something I want to hear. He didn't answer a period. He went up with a non-secular. I gave him a second chance and he came back with the same non-secular. And at that point, yes, I did hang up on him. Because like most people have no basis in fact, he could refuse to have a conversation. Now he goes on to say, then you should have called your�ity bush. And it ain't in stupid. You're a reason for calling this because he looks stupid. Really bright reason, you know, nothing but put down typical liberal. Well, is that the reason that I say he's stupid is because he looks stupid? Oh, that's only a part of it. The overwhelming majority, having I've been reading from this book is our children learning. I call the Gallus for weeks on this program. Having I been doing giving you specifics? Having I been giving you specific quotes? I'm talking to you some more, okay? Mr. Wright Winger. New York, baby, New York, February 19, George W. W. W. W. I understand small business growth. I was one. Interview with Associated Press Mark A. He said, it's evolutionary going from governor to president. And this is a significant step to be able to vote for yourself on the ballot. And I'll be able to do so next fall, I hope. New is our, Jim Lair, April 27, 2000, Governor Bush, the picture on the newspaper, just seems so so on American to me, the picture of the guy's serving the house with a scared little boy there. I talked to my brother, Jen. I haven't told this to many people, but he's the governor of. I shouldn't call him my little brother. My brother, Jen, the great governor of Texas. Jim Lair, Florida, Governor Bush, Florida, the state of Florida. Los Angeles times April 8th, I was raised in the west. The west of Texas is pretty close to California and more ways to Washington, D.C. is close to California. Hope for a top Carolina for more 16th. How do you know if you don't measure if you have a system that simply suckled kids through? During New Hampshire, Perseverance Month. During Perseverance Month, the National New Hampshire January 28th. He says, this is Perseveration Month. I appreciate Perseveration. It's what you do when you run for president. You've got to preserve. Maybe he actually smuckers on his mind, huh? Maybe it looked in the mirror while shaving in the morning and thought of smuckers. During New Hampshire, Perseverance Month, he's talking about Perseverance. You've got to preserve. Mason Adams says, be sure and preserve. And spread it on real quick, which is what he's been doing for months, George W. So we're not to say because he looks to, but we got facts. We got quotes. We got, of course, everybody in the Americans heard all of his books ring of the language. And a man who has no ID who the four leaders are who are messy. Don't know where close to vote is on a map. He is dumb. Dumb are them saw, thus. As a matter of fact, since you want to push me, Mr. Willier, facts. There's eight million more facts for you. Howard Kurtz, Washington Post-Stafferider, right? Today. Faced with a very real possibility that George W. W. Bush would win the White House in 12 days. Some left-leaning journalists are flat out calling him dumb and blaming the press for not persuading this country of his utter unto ability. The question of Bush's IQ has been a campaign subject. Ever since he flunked the Boston TV reporter's quiz on four and leaders. But now with the election on the line, some of Bush's critics have come out of the closet to advertise their disdain. State, a slight editor at Michael Kinzley writes that journalists reluctantly call someone who will likely be in our next command to receive a moron is understandable. But if George W. W. W. W. is in a moron, he's a man of impressive intellectual dishonesty and or confusingly says. Author Todd Gittland says in Salon that Bush gives ample evidence that he doesn't hate reason. Bush has gotten the path on most of his subshotaways. While journalists are embarrassed to point fingers at a non-editing, who is within two weeks of the presidency. In the international Harold Tribune, former system editor, Hope Keller declares, most American political commentators today are so timid, so meaning mouths, so committed to a distorted ethic of fairness that they're unable to say the obvious about George W. W. Bush that he's unfitted to president. Rich Lowry editor of the Conservative National Review sees a little bit of desperation touch accusation. A lot of liberals journalists don't want to admit that there's issues that have worked for Bush. He says setting education, healthcare, and tax cuts, you get a sense of why is world blowing it. Not everyone believes Bush is lack of policy with wonky. This is a liability. Robert Boughtly, the Wall Street Journal's editor, who has no intellectual pretentions, he's not even afraid to say that he consults his advisors or to tell us that he's done. But Bush's critics are almost apoptctic. Hitler, in the New York University, Professor of Recall's Bush and Airhead, sees a collective abdication by the press. There's a bending over backward phenomenon, because a lot of reporters leading democratic, he says, they're in a state of recoil against the charge of liberal media. It's obvious that this is a lightweight, he's been given a pass his whole life. There you go. That sentence right there says it all. There's a lightweight, he's been given a pass his whole life. He was really failed at all as his own efforts to do anything he's done, whether it was the oil business, whether it was trading, or standing social from the next just ranges, whatever the hell it's been, a total failure, who always gets somebody to come along and pop up up with their goddamn big money, because that's what he's all about, and those are the puppet-pone historyings. And then I'm interested in that. Right. Here's Fort Myers, son of Fort Myers. Okay, well, go back and kill a bitch and then call us back. Here's a plantation, hello. Okay. You know, the way we call them things of that nature. You know, that's a typical trick. I mean, if you ever watch our guy with rough line when he comes back, if there's 2 billion people in the world he says 2.4 billion are evangelicals. Right, right. If you ever see like a friend today or the day before when Wimball is going to say, well, of course, up in the poll, he would say, oh, don't worry, don't worry. That's not true. The none of this is true. It's not a big truth. You'll think you'll think the other thing you have to understand. And then as soon as Bush is at the polls, they start to scream and we're going to explain the trumpet in the background. Look at this. To give you an example, now I'm not told that I bought the center rates. McCons got a hundred twenty two Nelson 82 and we're really looking at ninety totally bogus totally distorted. And there's no credibility there. So who know how they came? Well, they were trumpeting the ramps that he utilized being just a Bible. And now for saying those thing where people are not are not credible. Right. And then the ramps and the ramps that it came out two days ago as a later one, it was through nineteen ninety six. So one self issue that people should know and if this is one of the main things that it's about the court system is that in the first 30 days of Bush's taxi scholarship, he passed seven civil justice reform, clothing the access to the court for little people. For instance, he increased the bond a little person has to pay if it's after screwed up on them. He also increased the burden of proof in tax court. I know it's a technical issue, but it raised the bar for little people to actually feed redress in the court. Among other things, he passed seven civil justice reform bills in the first 30 days that he was in office. The guy is not for little people. That's a show. Amen. Thank you. Okay, I have a great thing. It's a great thing. From the New York Times on Sunday, the Trook Arthune, the Bush dreams Supreme Court. And it's got pictures and they all look very similar. And it's his left-right standing. Thomas Goliath Goliath, Thomas. She did Thomas Goliath Goliath Goliath. Thomas Goliath. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, you know, that's all of the stuff that inspired me to play. Again, again. So my light went off to learn what he got to his radar. That's it, Amanda. There we go. Hey, y'all, my name is Cran. The Eugene Thomas, rent the Bush's nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people that dare to take this off. I spoke a little marijuana when I was in college. That is what never been done. Then, enjoy. Well, maybe you should go outside, enjoy. And all the billy off. They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got the money. That dude is swinging it out of here. I want to fit y'all straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I'll be talking. And I'll talk it to the E. All right, I'll talk it to the where. And I'll talk it. Why not look up to the nail kind of bass. I'll be talking. Ha ha ha ha. This is a very one y'all. It's the court. Still good. It's 1153 at 5.50 WCM. Here it is. The 26th of October. The 26th of October. Well, days away. And the things that they're actually and and again, you look at this selfishness. I don't want to single out my friend Ron. There are my former friends from the hockey games. Like I said, in other respects, it's a good guy. But his politics are all based on selfishness. And he's going to look the other way. Because he's not one of those fetus under kind of people. He couldn't care less about those things. Jews for Bush, like I said before, it's like, and the same thing that Gays for Bush. But Gays for Jerry Falwell and Jews for Hitler. Same thing. Self-hating. Don't confuse me with the facts. I have an answer, Ron. He's going to save me some big bucks. Here's Pablo Beach, hello. Pablo Beach. Hello. Yes sir. I work as a whole person. And it's the American Apple C about boring ridiculous. Two months ago, we had 105 people that are pulling sides. Two three quarters of more foreign bonds. What's wrong with America? Currents are teaching. The kids, what means the vote? We are Haitian gentlemen. The last run off when we only had one person running. Right. But it's done about 530. We have to know. Yeah, I'm not kidding. And the kids asked them, dad, why could we come today? The only voted for one thing. He said because my country is in Canvau. And I think through up here, if you don't vote, don't do it. Yeah. Okay. Okay, that's all. Good luck my friend. Thanks. Okay, I'm important to take time to make up for some of the other episodes. I gave it to myself a lot better informed than most of the many of us. I'll be educated. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, all the AT&T and Verizon wireless ones. Let's get rid of this pool because it's always been screwed up by the right wingers. We just can't take one of those pools on anything that's political because they just got to get in there and they get their little circles. You're calling. And before you know, it always starts like after it's been on there 35 40 minutes. And the word goes round and round. Like Perry Cummaw would say. What can I put the better question? 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless one. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, yes sir. Do you have a position on the state of terrain's race in the Canvau? No, he follows it. No, I have not. If you read about the new times or not, I have not. Well, you're always talking about police brutality. Do you really want somebody who's that closely aligned with the police, benevolent association? Running the state of terrain, canvade. What? Ask him, you don't even know what you're talking about. I just got into this. You're always talking about police brutality. We have a guy now who's running for state of terrain in the day 10. Yeah. He's being heavily supported by the police. And when you're so mad at the current prosecutor, he can't even prosecute his name. Police officers. You're always talking about that. And if you're going to involve the night issue, he'll talk about it a little bit. Okay, he's talking about it. We got to write down series. Okay. Okay. I'm going to write down in the lobby. Right? Right. And I'm shooting like two. Five, six, seven, five. So I mean, he asked me if I read it, and he asked like he's in business because I haven't got involved in. I don't know. First, I don't live in the day 10. So it's hard to keep up with those depressing issues. But I will take a few a peek at it. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the only AT&T and Verizon Marvers once. Four, four, three, two, five, six, six, the only two A.M. I am important lawyer, a measly broadcast group station, WPOM.com or the world. Hey, baby, I'm going to use you as a sex toy. Hey, baby, I'm going to use you as a sex toy. Atreth, Madonna, hitter, dawn, 19. Put friends up the wall from where she puts her knee. She's got bad hearty. She doesn't find too well. I can't mention NASA engaged in freely foules. It's a star she really needs a shower. Let's don't hurt back here, a hot guy cow. She don't have pushments, smelling like a virgin. Straight above the skull. Equipped Madonna. Out by hair, half by hair. It's an effortless, I get it with a satinkey time. Come on, come on. Come on. Twelve or one or five, six, you've already came another one of my favorite pushes and says, it's I am hearty against quotas, quotas they basically do the lead based upon whatever. Huh. The cases had full analization and been looked at a lot. I think anybody who doesn't think I'm smart enough to handle the job is underestimating. Huh. In other words, dumb times 10. So anyway, 1970 is the little more stuff is leaking out of us. It's a lead tanky, panky, a George W. This alleged abortion that he paid for. This alleged woman who's waiting in the wigs and they have four sore and half a day of it, a little bit of a dead body. And it looks like it may be coming any day. So the speaker may be a George Gordley can out of here. She's evidently holding up for a little more cash. But the fact that they have sworn half a day that's, could vary in. Wouldn't you think it's going to vary in? Oh, yeah. Well, it shouldn't be making issues out of the useful and discussion. That's what's useful in discretion. That's what I just like Henry Hyde and the his useful discretionary was in his 40s, showing his wild oats. Can we just a lead starter, a lead gloomer, as in blooming idiot. Here's a lead in Western, hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm a long time working at this 10-hour. Great. And my husband and I are driving this day to see best. And when you're hoping that the minor doesn't like to see different kinds of search checks, right? Why? Search, search, get it, with search and search and stop. Which one? There's about 8 million. I was born on the one. I just want to go there. Okay. Thanks a lot. I have a safe trip. Okay, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. Or John McLaughlin would say, bye, bye, bye. You still haven't watched that. I think Types are tomorrow night tonight. We're locked on the company on PBS. And also it shows up on the penny through channel surfing on a cable that they're like elsewhere on their like 16 or 17 on my cable. I don't know what that is. Oh, yeah, 17 that's uh, whatever that is. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless I don't forget the best of the LCDs and cassette are waiting for you at all spec stores all over South Florida. And also when Naples and Fort Myers, they'd brought in Palm Beach. You can go to newartures.com or WQM.com to order yours. And also the key change, which are only available by the way. I'll proceed to benefit plant parent or the South Palm Beach in Brewer County. All shipping and handling being donated by Pac-Mielsen as a Berter. 965 North North North North Hill road and plantation. And no one, I will not take you to donation under any circumstances. Because I don't want you to subsidize those baby killers. Here's Fort Myers. Hey, how you doing now? Great. I know a little problem. I'm sorry I tuned in on the website there to listen to the Panthers pre-game show. Yeah. Did you listen to it? No, I was there. Okay, well the first three calls were not dolphin calls. I'm really expect. Well, and you know what? And guilty guilty since the calls were talking about the dolphin. That's really sad. That's pathetic. You ought to be, you ought to be, you know, quarter for that. You know, I mean, you know, real. I mean, the, you know, the portion for the organization, right? We organize that. Right. And so, you know, at least you would want to support your organization, just like say, you know, okay, you know, call like a call like a call like an attorney. For example, I know, those 80 million hours they have before the dolphin game on Monday night this week. You wouldn't hear anybody calling that. Get about the Panthers doing the four hours of pre-game for the dolphin. Oh, heck no, they wouldn't be calling about the season either. Right. That's right. That's the whole of the confusion. But you see, that goes back again. So, host having enough balls who's controlling the thing, having enough guts to control it and say, hey, listen, double. This is the hockey show. We got the hockey game coming up. Sting your dolphin stuff for the other 20 hours a day. What do you think, man? If you were doing the three, three, three, three games show for the dolphin, somebody called up and asked about the heat. Click. Yeah, exactly. You bet. Hey, can we get a little bit of the gildy song there? Okay. All right. See you. How do you like that? That little trippy gildy without the ball. So, you know, and I realize it's difficult. I don't even know what their father is taking calls on their for anyway. So, I go to the cat called these day after the game. Oh, let's go to Debbie on a mobile and here's new. Here's all of you. And of the same two people every day. Let absolutely nothing to say. We know a hockey talk that they stuck 45 of them up there. Right. Oh, that thing came up again on that server. The server's getting upset. Here's Margie. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I listen to all these stations talking about go online and bush online. The quickest way for it of politicians to lose an election is to tell the truth. They don't expect to hear the truth from my big brother. Yeah. The only issue that really concerns me is the Supreme Court. Because everything else, you can't believe one word any of these guys say. They don't mean a damn thing. Yeah. I've discovered through my lifetime that the truth always loses. People want people can handle the truth. They don't want to hear it. Keep them all the lies that they make them feel good. And the one who's the best liar wins all the time. Yeah. What are your feelings about that? I don't. That's a little bit too soon to believe in for me. Oh. Well, that's how you handle the truth. What is it? I see you can handle the truth. No, I don't think that everything Clinton told us in 1996 when he was running was a lie. I don't believe that. And most of it is lies. But so I was, I don't agree with you so I can't handle the truth. Is that it? Well, I'm going to take a shot at me. Maybe you asked what a lie thing. And I told you what I think. And therefore you can't handle the truth. You sound like what's in that like Jack Nicholson and Tom Cruise. And a few dumb men. That's what you sound like. Yeah. I'm going to cynical is almost anybody by politicians. But I mean, you make a blanket statement like that, which is on the face of it in idiotic. Most of it is bull-crap. Yeah. And I do agree with the part about the courtships for right. But because I don't really 100% therefore I can't handle the truth either. I'm an emotional cripple, sir. I'm just not as strong and as brilliant as you are and I apologize. I'm probably not my way along doing the best I can. And I thought it was my show you were listening to. Not your show but I'm listening to. I thought that's the way it worked. I thought it was my check. I could be wrong. That damn dollars in the pluscom. I'm not too happy about that. Oh. Yeah. Sell sell baby. 560560, Tom 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What I can't come up with a good poll question today. You ever come up with a different one. Every guy named day. I thought this would be interesting but they've already ruined it. Even before noon they had this one asphoral. Oh. No, it can't be atin political. Can't do it. Which is a real shame but of course to show it. The desperation in the length of which these people go because they're trying to lose themselves. How they can lose themselves and remember the AT when they wake up in that morning. How they can lose themselves when they're lost in the snow. How do they do? How do they do? I want to lean blue. Clean the clay shots clock. And yeah, I read that article in a hero by that sag that writes that sag column in a hero every week about a lean blue when they're gay son and you got to know about how she did this and said that. I got news for you sweetheart. Clay shot isn't your friend or my friend. Me the risk of Republican party. It is self-hating sag. What what crap gets written man? It's just the subject. Didn't this go a local balance friend tell. Hey, I'm gonna pass no to 560 WQA. Let me know your show. Sports radio 560. You. A.F. Get off me stuff. Gailsy. Gailsy. You got a top and on a boy show. Try and do the macho. Your boy sounds just like a perfect year over. Yeah. How little sports horses you watch out. Are you sad? There we. Dancing. Talkin' like a baby. Who needs a little dreading. Like a few other snacks. You don't know like a snack. We both don't rub a snack. That's your throw. You're gonna be dancing. Dancing. Dancing. Yeah. You're lucky. That's it. You're lucky. That's it. You don't be loved there on the air. And lonely. The sports can wake you your boy's crack. So if any of your words no sounds like that should find another job. And say you're an only take you back when it's cold. Your baby's dropped. So tell me. Studgy. When you're gonna grow up. You make a corner grow up. You're fairly flaky for those two broadcasting tools. Your pretty two benefits for you. Make you. Now try. You're about five. You're about five. Come again. You're about five. Playing for me that's there. We're going on game night and the pedicum species. I mean it's a really really nice excuse. But even right there first half hours like general sports talk on a Galeon game night and from 6.37. They go to hockey top pretty weak. Pretty damn weak especially when it's called Jollyon game night. Was it a football game night? No. Was it like a soccer game night or an NBA game night here? No. No. It was a baseball game night for that was like after the game and that was why it wasn't here was it all. No. Well it's serious that nobody's watching or paying much attention to. Shipping New Yorkers. It was the Panther night. And God forbid that we should do too much to promote that even when we had the games here. Go do that to play your beat to crap out of 6 one360 gonna do a critical puzzle. of the girls team boys, the abuse is not our goal score for girls in the first period and you're co-stant to the rest of the game. You don't line up at an overtime school as high like another girls team. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the palm 5, 6, the only 18 and 10 in Verizon wireless lines. Out of town is open, 877 they can't hear us anywhere. 877, 775, 6, 3, 4, 5. Here's Kendall, hello. Hey, my man. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm just just free things though, where some of these Republicans in the Amazon understand. Don't be a competitive now. Oh, I'm sorry. It's one of the number one thing about the, that you're reading about right now in the new times just to get everybody up to date. He was talking about the cancer police. I mean, excuse me, I'm talking about Isabella, which is the PBA president. And he has brought him a show from Barrett County. He had to be here for six months before, so he can run again, Catherine Mandel. And this guy here likes to beat people up as they broadcast a computer, likes to beat people up in courtrooms. He's losing. That's what the PBA brought him. Okay. That's number one. Number two, if they want to see a, like though in a fashion state or in the United States, that Bush has already started a killer in this state by letting the tankers, the stop-over, do whatever they want to and people's yard, cutting down good and bad trees, and also signing an executive order to that effect. Okay. There's your fashion state. There is something in the country called a constitution and a bill of rights. Who let them read if they can. The fourth and fifth amendment of the constitution. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm Bush America. Five six seven old five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos lines. Six or seven hundred open lines. Now we got an hour and thirty two minutes to go before Hank enters the scene here. There's a moment and trouble over there. And chill out. Neil, I can't really just agree with you on every single issue, but I want to see if maybe we can agree or want to think that. In the money held on page 19a, there's a story that's titled Foreign Aid Bill with Death for Given its clear Congress. Yeah. And what bothers me about this is the 31 poorest countries in the world. The United States is going to knock 135 million off the debt at the ALF, which is roughly 10 million of countries. Yeah. And I just don't know what the big deal is there. I mean 1435 million. That's like less than half of what we pay on work for one airplane. And then I don't know why they included this in the same article. But they point out that we're given $840 million to Israel and economic aid. Yeah. So what I'll get is Israel is certainly not one of the 41 poorest countries in the world. We're given them 440 million. Now, the reason why I do it in my money is because the only buffer we have in that part of the world. And if you haven't been able to have all that oil, we wouldn't have a flying crap a lot of jewelry. Or has to be the least. But it has nothing to do with the fact that there is democracy. It has to do with the fact that there are buffer. That's what I want. It's said, it's said from the article, we're given Israel 1.9 billion in North Korea. Yeah. And 840 in economic aid. So what I'm saying is I don't understand why 435 million for the 41 poorest countries in the world. And 840 million for Israel. Because they don't have an immunity of weapons. That's probably the answer. Okay. All right. I can read into the first time being like that one. 560560, 2560 on the 18T and Verizon Wireless Line. Well, you shouldn't say that you got to be more a jewelry. So you're going to know what's the part of the do leave it in an individual. Ah? No. No, not. 560560, 2560 on the 18T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, there's a name on. I'm exactly like you. Okay. I got to thank you for the payment you've given me over the last few days. There's nothing more entertainment. There's something to stop through your head and the level. Thank you. Bye. Okay. Bye. Nothing more entertainment here. Hidden one, cowardly, right wing asshole. Which we just heard. Bye. Bye. See, I hate to make the news to you, but I had an hour and 40 minutes to go. I have another hour and 40 minutes. Which I'm not going to waste any more time, you know, looking at the NAS because I wouldn't identify with it. Little hidden one. Up to. 560560 and I'm going to say it again in South Florida. We're a 61% bush 32. She invited me with all those right wing Julios. You know, it's really fascinating to me because maybe everyone in the majority of cars we're getting from the bush workers. You know what I'm saying? I was just fine with me. We don't need any bitter head drought there. This isn't like the loud ass limo show where one bitter little bit of, because that's boring. But it's amazing that these are a lot of the same people that were having a nervous crap in their pants over Ali on and all the stuff that was going on in this community. For a month after a month after a month and all the people go out in the streets and doing that thing. And the fact that this town was torn in the pieces having another spiked on it. Now it's interesting that they're in bed politically with those very same people. Because if it's only 32% they just leave too much room for more than the green tutorials down there. They represent a substantial part of the population, especially in their county. Strange bed follows and brings the feather, gravitate together as in. Yeah, that one's on us. Here's what modern day. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Your question for you with you big supporters of Al Gore. No, what do you mean I'd be supportive Al Gore? What does that mean? What is that? Sure. I mean supportive Al Gore's presidency. I'm in support because I'm against Bush. I'm against fascism. That's right. Okay. Well, how do you feel about having Gore in office and then having Kipper as the first lady who will pretty much take away a lot of the rights of the people? So Pippur isn't going to take away any. First lady who's not taking away rights, any more than President's take away rights. My name is Gideo Atex, and I'm a father of the middle. I think I have a D.I.s. Yeah. And there's one, which I'm sure he can't afford anyway. Let me do that. Oh yeah. Oh, I wish. And I haven't tried a lot of her creedants back him. Penuous and Jewish. Exactly. But Tipper is going to come in here and take away everybody's rights. You know, this is what, this is what Kris may have about the NATO people like Donna Hugh. Get John Niren, Pippur's a Gideo, he's for the criminalization of Pippur and we're going to eliminate the US military and we're going to do this and do our all these wild radical things. And even if you agree with all of those things, the President can't do all these things. Is there one member of the Green Party in the US Congress? No, no. Is there going to be after the selection? No, no. So what's wrong? What's wrong? They're going to get done in Congress. If you've got to get any of those things passed, well, Kris not. I'm Kris not. That's what really just astonishes me. Well, every of not anymore, because I need to show every day, first of all. And it's nothing new. The American public has been done up and do for decades. I think I've ever since the end of the television. That's when people really start getting this summer and summer and summer and summer. And just personally, the show and you don't have to take my most of it, believe it. Here's a model in my engine, hello. Yeah, I do. And I guess, I guess they have the eyes, hasn't heard about that great. We love Cretan's bullet, but they're just introducing. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. The point of safety is to keep me sand in the third row of country down, you know, from Bospon, with the hockey game last night. Well, you're the one. I would have a good selection to do, have to yourself. Actually, I want to show you the three comments I heard. You don't be here and forward at a hockey game. Okay. The first one was the genius behind me that, um, discovered by as much as Chris for Columbus when he thought up. Very number ten, my turn into a pretty good player. Mm-hmm. The second was, I, yeah, right in the yellow and all year long, go captain. What do you say captain do something captain? I couldn't figure out what to talk about. Yeah. And the third was, uh, people who were arrested, they noticed that. War was going back in the ice box. I didn't know they spread of freeze in the penalty box. You need ice box while I think there's something symbolic about that. Yeah. And then I know, the commercial, the commercial two in your radio station that says, uh, you know, better air than leader in goals with me, the obsessed and cause a lot of takeaways. When did they start making that step? Kickaway. Well, they took him away after the game with his bad shoulder. They took him away. They, they, they should take TM away. Well, like your nice deal, TM for bad burns, we'll pick him and put his shallow in. Hey, you should, I think TM will offer off of you guys. He needs history, man. Okay. But he's going to say it, even though a goal is about a smoothest hand kicker, um, there's no way I've put someone off, I think she'll be wearing a pink joker with a chin strap real tight. Okay. Thank you. Uh-huh. Anybody have any idea what you're talking about? No. No. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the 18 key. And right, go back and call Jerry Williams. Okay. I think he's on the a 90th post show up here in Boston, uh, under the block here. He's on from a two to four in the morning, with all the insound they actually up. What is Jerry, 110 this year? Yeah. A little better jury. Good night. Good luck. Goodbye. Bye bye. 25, I can only reply. I'm sure if you understand what any of these people are saying, and you know something doesn't make a better difference to me. Because it all sounds like, but I can't. Really does. That's a wrong idea. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, yeah. Yeah. I have to worry about it. Taking anything remember the hand that we did, you know, two on, so to speak. And let me say it again. I got my, my silly party in my hand. Thanks to Peter and I've heard about you and looking at the different post, that's the beginning source. But I got my exclusion right now in the putting too. Well, be shaking my hand at those hockey engineering place, I'll be shaking my hand at those hockey engineering place, I'll be shaking. And if you're going to shake it, that's good. So tight. I'm sure it can relate to that. God. You're such a host. Oh. Oh. And my girlfriend got a full die care cut boy. She looked like an A. A rat. My girlfriend got a full die care cut. I did it so that she was gay. This is a good thing. I'm not a home of cold. This truck's driving side, won't leave us alone. I'm all gay, long. The phone is buzzing. Look all the less. What's this? What's the poppin? What's the poppin? My girlfriend got a full die care cut. So, you can get full. I got a full die care cut. So, what's the number of 506 to WDQA? I'm not a pro at all school. I've underrated on it. I'm just to see how many thousand books. Let's have a pissing contest between the youngsters, between the first Facebook, on the one side. And Jonathan was actually that thing that they about how the liberal people, the more progressive people are like a catch and up now, when you're spaken, but a little not parlipos. But he's that's the case. The O'Rige is not calm. If the election were held today, who'd you work for for you, I said, that the film of columns got 155 about which about 100 of those are bogus, there wasn't that one 16 and the little of them were coming through, which I'd say, 20 of those are bogus, even though he is the chigur in the ripyle. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the NKG from Boston, Kornin, I have the left. I mean, we don't have flies in there's nobody down here, those hockey from crap. But you know, there's one of the original six teams, and they've got all those thousands of people disguised as empty yellow seats every day in game. They don't go off flies up there. Since they moved to the food and a machine, a man that can't get arrested in their place, and Pat Boons had to be escaped gold, because he was sending them to cheap quick. Here's a mobile in Berke, hello. Any else? Yes, sir. How are you doing? I got to pay the last night I was asking, so I'm a girl with the supporter, by the way, and last night I had, I was out and I was asking a couple of people, I said, like you don't have the answer, but who you're voting for? And they said, well, a show of the way, and I, as a first person I asked, I should why, and their answer was, because grew as such a liar. That was the first answer. The second answer was, a two another person, they said, look what Clinton has done to the white half. Yeah. What kind of answers is that? I've had the dumb. That's dumb. That's, and that's what the Bush supporters are saying. They don't have any clue at the why they're using voting for the kind of. I just said, I just thought that was a bit of a job. That's all. They just said, whatever, blinds they feed them, they sound really good. The smooth, the crisp blinds, they just keep repeating over and over again. And those people suck it up. Well, I mean, you don't think that they're going to want to guy like Bush and a peel of a animal like to do it. No. The peon to the masses were more on than they were to put it with job. And it's scary, because there's a lot of them not to. All the great people just make sure you get out and vote for five times. Okay, thank you. Yesterday, they're showing on CNN, which continues to be took very hard to Bush, even though now now, now they're saying he's five points ahead in their poll, even though they are state polls, they're showing goals in the orbital again. And then they said, among independent among subridden women, growers now, Bush was five and nine points ahead. Could be the 40 women in the previous poll. Now, growers, five points ahead amongst subridden women. So, let's go somewhere in the middle of the summer or subridden town. And they've got their school for the half of the women. Five of them are bush supporters and one of them was for Gore. And usually, that works as you know, if you walked in here the news, they'd be good vendor for backward. They're in the army of two people and one of the Bush supporter, one for Gore. And then maybe a third one is beautiful, native or on the side. Could try to give the apparently to balancing it out. Not CNN. In fact, I think CNN is in a patient context, but a fast network, to see if it can turn a most right wing. I think Bob Novak should take another board of the school. Five, six, seven, five, six people, and that very Magdalene bitch. How five, six, seven, eight, ten, two, and two, and two, and one of those lines. Here's a level in four miles, shall I? Yes, good afternoon, we're in the hospital. Okay. Listen, I'm a voice supporter and I want to say something to call us. You know, we should say, you take calls from Republicans as well as Democrats, like we have a day to that guy. That we've honest with you. You want to call you something, because we've even given on the law, the one boat show. For yet, if you have to prove that you make a half a billion dollars a year, you have to let the facts in the copy of your American Nazi Party code before you want to. Exactly, so you know, in our society's code, and you're in title for your opinion. No, I really do hope you do good, national. Thanks for taking the call, guys. I should ask the guys to have her, the breath will rob her go a national goal. No. So that would actually talk to some living and breathing people. Question to talk to some dumb people from all around the country, but it would be variety as opposed to the guy with the eyes. The ocean provocateur. Oh, yeah, separate work. Okay, I think it was going to take away your guy named my part of the family records. I'll pay that right now. Because a guy in a doubt like you or supposedly, though, who's in his 40s, walking around small and like a prayer, it shouldn't be listened to partage family records. Okay? Should be listening to something a little bit more timely, like maybe 90 to degrees. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's right. I think they do a little bit more of your type of special that Cretan won their Justin. Easy type. Five, six, seven, five. Six, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, the only 18, two, and Verizon Wireless on Tire Justin. Here's a mobile and coconut creek, hello. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. A couple of shares question. One, the Chinese thing with Gourmet. The other thing I worry is that they did take the cash. You know, the Chinese, the political action. They might have some pictures of them doing it. I don't think he did. But if he did. Yeah, of course he did it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. No. Honestly, no. I want to know how much money the business taken from the World Cup is. How about the money bushings from the back of the country? How about the money taken from the pharmaceutical companies? How about the money taken from the National Library Association? A million dollars, last month or so. It all behold that it's special interest. And if you just wake up and discover the politicians of their paid off and bought by special interest. No, no, no, no, no. I know he's a slimebag, but that's what I'm saying. One other thing, I was in Wendy's and Volpe yesterday. Yeah. How long come in for lunch? Oh my god. Oh, that was for my lunch. No, listen out of eating people. I was the only one who actually asked them. And he shook my ear and said, Jesus, I grabbed you at all that I asked them. I said, you can't pay money. You have to eat them. You have to eat them. You have to eat them. No, I just thought I would revoke. I thought I would revoke. Yeah. All of this. Did you eat a tempouton? Did you eat a sink, Hylings? No, I had some chicken to graduate them. So, you know, you just eat any had a salad. Okay. I'll eat a salad. Okay. Thanks to the good news. Okay. There. Yeah. That's been a column. So this is the whole thing. It's time that this was the game plan. We're concerned. Compassionate conservatives. Just cliches of nonsense, you know. And the same in the column as you add to your running. All I'm going to tack by the far right by the far left. To try to portray himself as a moderate. Now only the dumbest of the dumb were buying to that. Only people would deep-seated Alzheimer's like Ronnie out there in California. And I forget about his rabid world in Pino's Gate. His rabid partisan world in Pino's Gate. All but he's a moderate. Right. Uh-huh. And you're in slow George too. See which one goes you believe. I'm going to shot that pull. Right. By. I mean, you're going away. He and you are. You know, right in a runaway. Yeah. I think if you told him that you were Jewish, I think you might do a little better. You're in his Jewish command to cock some hoars. Cuts the hoars. Oh, not good. Yeah. They cocked enough a room. They're not playing. I just want to take a picture. Could you manage his move, man? The Neo Roger show. Just board to radio. 5, 60. You. Hey. I'm sure he would team keep his packer in his hand. He's a big man of the day. Inside his feet he'd survive. He would fed me to his body. He ain't got me in the day. He ain't got me in the day. So, hey, hey, hey, hey. You were a bunch of bad boys. He was a bad day. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well. He was so white, how could he be all this? I got to catch that star. So, when he can't be paid, he could be your best friend. I see you. So, I can't stop my fucking life. I'm a kid. And I'm a high-high-high. I live the way. Well, I'm not so good to know that he's a nice kid today. Or it's one, two, and you're a good kid. You're a good boy. But I have a good day. I need you to get back to that. So, Doug, it was the fact that he knew a couple of poor ideas. Who's the ugliest two-a-maid or personality? But the same fact that he said yesterday, he couldn't be my yesterday's day on it, which he would be all the way to do that. But it was two days ago. Although the other one is good, I mean, which of the candidates wise would be more like that, such as, oh no, not at one stand, please. God, can you even begin with? Woo! I guess Doug had all those carmen who was run off on him up there in Western. Sorry Doug. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Okay, sure. Hey, this a lot of people here like me were born for a boy. You're a little boy. Oh, wow! I love K-V-C and you know what? We are promoting it and I think the little nonsense is getting too unravel. I had the nauseous opportunity while I was driving yesterday from work. I could have been stomachate, but I put on one of those five key investigations. Radio-Mambe. Yeah, and who was there talking about this period? Mario B. F. A. Lard, you say, a representative. Lincoln Lincoln, do you have a high-risk brother? Oh, he's born in Washington, right? I know, I know. I know, I know. Oh, and he's like, they're telling and he's calling for amatori. And you know, the whole thing is, if he's young, long-sense, and he had the, the goal to say that any human's with liquid, he will not go for the course. I got on the phone, finally, I spoke with him as a result. And I've been here for 40 years. I consider myself to have to give it perhaps much to him since he was a people that you care to. I'm a good supporter. And I think many key ones are over here. And it's very insulting when you've been referred to other people because they're not supporting who you want, that they don't have dignity. Yeah. You're an expert in public muscle. But you should, you know, if you were just to listen to the nonsense. Oh, I couldn't handle. I probably lose meals that I've been using. I mean, I'm so proud to see that I'm allowing this country. I know a person in the right, I'm getting along. But listen, like I said, I have my class for ready for the World Back to Earth. And don't forget those articles that came out in the hero that was buried like way in played 85 here a couple of weeks ago, and that they did this big investigating. We've heard all the commentators there on those stations were being paid off. Okay. This is for candidates in station in position. And if there'd be a big scandal about that, was there a scandal? Oh, no, you'll hear about that scandal. I'm not that scandal. I'm sending you hear more about the cops with that prostitution right. You're a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good, a good a good guy for those things on come out. And then you say one thing. If a lot of the black people listen to what a lot of those things are setting you to a creative station, you have a figure of worry here. Is that amazing? Yeah. That, you know, I get, you know, both under First Amendment rights, I don't know. But it's very, very disturbing, you know, for instance, a lot of the old people don't know better. And they listen to that. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, well, that's why you and I got about two times. Okay. Okay, I need to go. Okay. How do you like that? Two of them to grow a bit. Let's hear from a lot more of those people that got the bars, not just the vote for Go, but have their voice recognized in the video and we wish you very well at the bringing flowers. Because that intimidation factor, I don't care that anybody tries to pet a new. The intimidation factor is still very, very much alive and well in date counted or ever kid yourself. Almost you got a very short memory. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, compound, 50. And don't anybody let your BS or a boom trial, I'm not the store that, that day that they had, that early on day. The stores that were closed and by the businesses that are closing on that day, including many who started there by being open and there were here in the offer that they couldn't refuse. Yeah. Talk about banana republic. Talk about living to intimidation. Talk about a cloudy day through the infir, talk about a banana republic of birthcraft. That's day counting for it. I really, I feel best for the, the decent people of the day counted, which I'm sure they're probably about 30, 40, and 50 maybe. That's right. Here's the interesting thing. Now that them greenstein, DDS, citizens against the destruction and eradication of trees, Quebec, send me a facts about the illegal confiscation destruction and rape of our beloved citrus trees in South Florida, without scientific collaboration. We have information from our imminent pathologist, PhDs Dr. Jack White-Side and Dr. Heinz Witzer, Cornell University, who contradicts the need for eradication of the trees to stop the candidacy. And we're issuing an open invitation to both Bush and World to see this window of opportunity and address the issue of millions so far, and destructive. The two are in South Florida citrus fruit trees at a cost of over $100 million of our tax payers money. George W. Bush preaches account of Borby and small government, and says, I trust you the people. Well, we'll be the people of South Florida, outraged by the unlawful destructive opportunities. Without following the law, I'm providing us to do process under the West Constitution. Maybe he should talk to us brother, Jim. So, well, we'll preaches that he's the environmental candidate while our environment is being ruined right now. If you're going to talk to talk to anyone, walk the walk, writing a book on the environment and just talking about a word hack it in South Florida. We want you who are both of these people to come down here immediately, not after the election, and walk away with the citizens of South Florida through the killing fields of our property and do something. We don't just want rhetoric, we want action. Now it says. So, what's up? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What They have a phone number here. I guess if people would like to be involved in it more information about what they'd be doing 305 6 6 1 0 7 40 6 6 1 0 7 40 And that should approach the bush mice, especially in a difficult position because it is brother who's the a wing leader of our other square It is fascist brother who's the wingmaster and has all these and not even taking your property and destroying the property and bringing in the police Yeah, that thing is there then they had the abound shirts with their estate and plantation. I was worried Him and going with a million products that scene Here's my skin hello. Oh, good afternoon. Yes, sir Remember you mentioned that no that will allow though. I will never want no back No, I'm not that. I'm not that. I'm not that. I don't know. It was a Tanya. I'm not that I will never watch them a Gotham group years ago Bob no that's more than contracting jack-tremont John the Gotham beyond that and they would all the wings so far back in your chit their chairs as they were good And it was always my problem going issue along yeah, and I've swear that nothing drink and heavy before they take the show In the very moon the Gotham would always say Oh, what's the answer to this what I want to hear in Bob it's actually a long jack-lapse answer I want to hear a ball you know, but go right to the list if you just like a little bit to this bloody guy's got the right perfect So that Not exactly he'd been jam on But your mom always you know, we're in the way five five back as we was leading that chapter if he goes over forget it I thought I'm the way about the other pounds. Yeah, and but now no that could stress a little bit to the right of In a nightmare or Would you say to I'd say about 10 yards to the right of time? There can more and 50 yards to the right of a total of a hundred I think he got yesterday You talk at CNN and how they're projecting the dear projection. I think as far as their positioning how right wing they've become There had really we would talk about how Every video so think about voting for later They had a discussion with guests today is a vote for Ralph later of votes for our war. Oh, that's brilliant Trying to put rocks notably people recognize now. You don't go up there and vote for That's what I think is a vote round real vote for I think exactly is a vote for a And you mentioned you were like a chance of the article Yeah, and I what next in wonder is where's we not fucking can we used to do this moderation on fire one Where's we not fucking you know, he's very quiet not to use with the post They're playing a lot these days. Yeah, and I have a question one is Has anybody seen good chaining and Mr. Burns from the sense of the same room? I mean there's a discussion I literally wanted to cut to character which is two dimensional and four amusement But the other ones on TV on the sense and I think we write in the bridge tender. Okay Okay, and how about No, some Washington Number Brooklyn we're featuring Elin or Clark Jack Jamal and sitting in for Pat Buchan we are giant cheeky barber No, here's John McCoy You want George W. Rings of Walt Oh, John, I worked it's a Oh, John Well, that's not a easy choice Oh, T.G. Boba. I'm gonna have to say the book Oh Angela and sir law exercise That's what they do in a try next issue Algo Favorite Broadway show Bring in the noise bring in the tons of Tax Wow, sir. I don't have to say Oh, I'm not saying that That's a very difficult choice Oh, and T.G. Boba. I'm gonna have to say Not a choice T.G. Boba. You gave it to us and I wasn't a choice Oh, correct with ponds Tax He loves them Next issue The cast of big brothers should be murdered Oh Oh Jack Oh Excellent Boys and Cody Oh, I'm all right All right, you are a bit of the best of all time Prop it for 3 at 5 60 W 2 Emma's which continue rolling along Singin' our song here boy Still in the pot and then smoking it too Now, you know Ralph Nader is saying yeah 5 670 5 60 Oh, look at us we got somebody going on Some people on here trying to skew this but that's good Let's have a battle of the partners who sit around our polo day Until they were going to get it even out If he washer were today who'd you vote for for US Senator There were columns got 169 gold loss in 150 And Willie Logan he'd be a trigger with a woodpower he'd be having 27 And a guaranteed ring no dark folks won't probably Logan Guilty back Anybody else Here's Orlando hello Hey, Neil I was trying to figure out my math here If we take a show you the way from this seniors right now Yeah And we're going to the young people yeah And then they blow it in the market right have we lost two show you or one show you Yeah, but then we can have a double your silver weight Texas ring just a week and replace it with that money Oh, but they probably bring it about what happened earlier No, no, 95 million using okay Now we're covered for a couple of those All right, we're on the barn stone reform campaign with US today in Sanford There was some women afterwards and MSNBC interviewed because the W stands for women The women campaign and the world and she said well if he stands for women Then how come they never talks about them and they said I don't because he's trying to keep it a quiet issue And because in Florida anyways getting buried by 10 points in women in the in two machine and two you're on a period All right, I'm probably going to be more than that. Thank you And you know why the bigger passion the fact that he's anti women and certainly anti women's like to choose And always you talk to she about or he believes in the people his opponent believes in Washington DC To be a crack to give it out of my and the he believes in big government the he believes in the people yeah and the wrong free choice is Except for it like several to come to anything Not the only free choice you want to give you is carrying your piece You use the price and you search You love I also want to take it But other than that forget it effort or you can't do that either So what if you really interesting when the one turns here in a couple of days I've made with the beginning of the next week Or talk about the other standing and Remember what happened with Bob Livingson Remember that remember that very day that he got up there to make the speech in all of a sudden they were all caught Schmidt face Because nobody had any idea of what he was gonna reveal because they caught him with his pants and loony's down and have an extra miracle affair Mr. Goody two shoes who is gonna be the next Speaker of the US So representative's wrong. That's right The next quicker he squeaked right on under there I'll be now. Yeah, you're leaving now all right when you're something between your legs Just a number one thing even Republicans have a penis I think even then change that one. I'm really sure That's what the dick said 256 with 560 W to 2 AM No, when you play M dot com But it's it's a one to two hours It's ain't a song about a half-be couple Every life That By Child Okay, I'm in the after one at 560WQM. So, Doug and Western are going to be our new pro question that comes up over because George Bruce of order is a fine show but crappy proof. And secondly, I'd be fine post, but I'm a burnout. Okay, yeah, I'll pick you through political ones, but it's what's the point? Then they keep the schwelner them. Now, it's clear too. So, let's split this off of the area, Eric. Why did the moment it's the column 173, go around, one could be down a really low control in the 7, is anybody believed that all this audience is now a question not ridiculous. In fact, I don't know what I'm going to say. So, get that thing off of it, that's done, it killed that pro. Just like when we try to take on a presidential thing. So, we're supposed to do a few minutes and then after they've actually hop on a bad back and they hop on it and they're still in it. So, Doug comes up on another great question. If you had the choice, when you still have been Florida, move out of Florida and visit occasionally or move the F out and never look back. Of course, you don't just have to put F, we can write the word out on their Eric because it's the internet. And I'm like, yeah, the FCC, the FUCC can't screw us on a goddamn internet. And that's another thing this business about freedom is speech, well, F them. That's what I said is the FUCC, screw them. Faster than this. There's the pro. If you had the choice, here three choices, would you still live in Florida, move on to Florida and visit occasionally or move the F out and never look back. Move the FU out and never look back. Let's come back and visit, just prove I knew I loved. Yeah, I know, I said it's really good. Oh, I had kind of, you know, that one on the arm side, one on the arm side, one on the arm side, one on the arm side. Five, six, six, six, six, one thing I can't deal with. I've known people over the years who have probably started to be a pro. I'm not assuming that everybody I associate with has to have the same philosophy as right of all. I will admit I'm very, very uncomfortable even being around right wing fanatics. I can't stand them and make me nauseous. But when I'm around people who are like, when I realize that they have selfish reasons for their political views, it makes me nauseous, it makes me want to vomit. I don't want to mention any relatives who live in hell and they're raising like that, would they're 40 or 50 or 60 or 70 million dollars who are constantly working for Republican because it's good for their pocketbook and if they really need it. You know what I'm talking about? And just like my good friend Ron, who I know knows better than it's hard because he's a good decent guy but it just pains me Ron that it's sad. It's really sad. Because I know you're not a fetus of you and I know you're not one of those Bible thumbpers but that's really what you're in bed with and it's really kind of smelly. And they're getting smelly in there at all. Yeah. Isn't it 5, 6, 7, or 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, on the AP and P must be the snims of it's going to my head. Here's a four-moderale, hello. Yeah sir. You are absolutely correct. That's hooked to my pants last night and it killed me. Yeah. They're voting for boys. Oh no. Let me go. We could have me. Oh no. Oh my god. This guy is a moron. Yeah. How do you, how do you parents? You know how to jump in? Well I'm adopted. Oh I see. Well that's a good cop out anyway. That's how you do. You can't change them. They're too old. They're like 65 in their 70s. Yeah. You can't change them. They were public in. They're going to stay reporting. They're going to local public in security. Even if Mickey Mouse are running. Wow. So that goes. Yeah, but it's Fox. Anyway. Oh, sorry. I'm nervous. I'm nervous. I'm not paying attention to anywhere. So just don't be nervous. I'm not paying attention to anywhere. So just don't be nervous. I'm squeezing my putt of here. Yeah. We got in my hand right now. I'm squeezing the putt of here. I got to recover man. I'm going to do my rehab. Did you hear that towards Bush quote? They were at a fundraiser or a not sure. I'm not sure if it's a fundraiser or a rose. Yeah. Or he said that some people call you the elite. I call you my base. Did you hear that? No. You didn't hear that? No. Yeah, that's true. You're gay. No. But John McLaughlin and say, wow. No, that's true. I heard it. It was on the news. It didn't hit Kappa. We didn't hear that. Oh, listen. Have a great day in Tonya Perring. Okay. I'll be right back on Bush and day. Off on Google. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Give me the cat until you tell him to stay on Bush and day. Okay. It's dangerous out there. 567.0560. And of course the sad part of it is the old folks. They do well because I mean, it's a, it's something to do. It's a project. But also a project that could be as wide molecules coming in again with VM. We're outside. And again, I'm going to blow the whole audience off. I'm going to stay coming. Remember we had that group book when we first came on a station. And then I got stuck in that again. That bad mistake would were a hockey stuff. It'll take the Chris world from the little room with the action. Price in my life, I made that big mistake. Plus those awful goddamn hockey shows that somebody's talking to me. I don't want to mention this name. You know, he said, Schmidt on the PA last night at the arena. Never again. I got my job on high light. I got my 30 seconds of comments about whatever went on when you were in. And that's it. And of course the comments about that woman had nothing to do with the hockey game. It had to do with her. It had to do with her arm. And of course she calls me an even admits that a mother hates her like person. She's an asshole, which I commend her for. I'm a demon. And a bad breath. Here's not my enemy. Hello. Anya, how are you doing? Pretty good. What's happening? I'm doing a great job and I agree with you. We're almost with everything. I want to ask something on the building for God in the media. Yes. You don't think that the media did a good job regarding the candidate for them. Each one of them exactly the way. I mean, they made go and work the top man in the same time. And we're active. Oh, yeah. Some of these women in the thing that the, the, the, the suburb of the woman yesterday. All of the after watching and that's your debate. So he scared me a death he was out of that money. He part of him in a few years. But he becomes responsible. And I guess they like the windy routine. Maybe like the, I'm the same thing about both. He's allowed to do mistakes. Yeah. He's allowed to give like a home support about his suburb district, so trucker and what's going on over there. Mm-hmm. And just the same time. I, I, I, I, what I think is going to be happening right now. Finally, the media is starting to come to the issues, to the policies, to every, everything, each one of them standing for. And I was like, hearing, seeing in with two, two, you were looking up, so they, and so he, on the, the third party, the green Canada. Yeah. And like he's putting them, and you feel like he's even still mad, bad, and everybody else, the way he's taking votes from God. And I think that's what can happen in the end. No. I don't know. I disagree with it because every time you depend on a candidate, or I'm like, when John Anderson, when an 80, every time they run in a person, they do a lot better. And then people go in there and then, um, um, um, they'll be having maybe two percent of the time, maybe it's best to push up. Well, I, what best dummy will never be going to, I can't tell you how many votes you can and it's going to get behind. That's it. How do they pay power? I can't hear. I'm going to vote behind. Time is myself in the morning and then after work behind. More times. And then maybe four seven o'clock when a post closed. Behind nine more times. Just to be on a safe side. It's not, it's, uh, behind minutes after one. Why are it sitting there? I mean, why the, how not use it, baby? If you don't use it, you lose it. Only in the banana republics, they're me, only in Miami. And they get so round, very sad, me, with a smooth solo, so big. Come on, all the day of family, two more world in six days. And have that thing right with you, Tom. Those apples in the press. But he's out. Yeah, sure. And he's out. So fast. He's out. He's out. He's out. So he's showed his food up his day high. People well, he's connected our glasses. Yo, this is Michael. Pleasant to that. He's out. And he likes your fancy job. Because he's always had to spend. And it's made the final decision. This semi-fat, black fat. And he's got some limits. He shall see. That's a sense for it. But he knows, so cool. And he knows, so fast. He was for us. We'll see. So this food up his day high. He's a well-pened exit. So what's the habit? So it's inside the flesh and gentle dabble. And it's all for six decades. What he knows is from the thing. So I know he can sit back relaxed. And sit straight for the string. And that's the fact he has for us. And just sit behind the desk. And he knows, so cool. And he knows, so fast. Because what we do, well-pened showed his food up his day high. And he's going to get the next six hours without this. Just inside the flesh and gentle dabble. So, 115 at five, 60WC, here's the fact this is on our way. My three grand children go to school and Dallas. The public school has a reality to get the kids to tell their parents the vote for Bush. Oh, I thought I would make a difference. You're going to win classes all wrong. You've never left. It says since when do I thank the artists, I have the right to get children involved in one political campaign? It's grandma and property who says, we are women for poor. I agree grandma, I wish they were the poor. You bet. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, keep on 5, 6, you on the AT&T and Verizon. Why was one? The new pool was up. Here's my email. Hello. Yes sir. You know, Irvan, how you doing? Okay. The list is for you forever. But here's my thing. Two things. Where's your thing? You're really declared himself a free agent. Will you Logan that is? Yeah. You know, there's no one in the North West community going to vote for this guy or Create a, we're going for Bill Nelson. There you go. That's all the guy that's, that's how they do this. That's the manager. I'm a manager. Yeah. You know, I knew what he would let him on the Senate floor to present his case. He could manage the clubs. And not only that, six minutes about two weeks ago. It was a, did the story on Bush and education system, just a little nervous. And it did a story. They just throw on education system. They interviewed the teachers. And they showed that the school of fear cannot have the entry exam. Because they are so geared to learn in the test. Right. The test that he didn't test. But they're not really learning anything. But they're not really looking at the state test. They're not learning the three hours. Mm-hmm. So that's Sunday night on CNN. They did a story on a go. So this Sunday night on CNN. They got to the clock and they want to do the story on Bush. So I would like for all of the listeners to watch this program and see the history behind the guy. And come Monday, let us know if they see or feel the same way about Bush. Okay. You got my vote. Okay. Thanks for all the way. All right. So just say it all to where the children of the public will live in. If you end the story, you're still in the third of the three. Move out of the floor. The visitor occasionally, three. And move the air thought never looked back too. We have just they both. So think this went on there. I wouldn't dare say how I voted. As you move out and visit occasionally. Yeah. Like when it's too cold and Amsterdam. Yeah. Look at Bobby. Five six hundred or five sixty palm. We were talking about the park on the kettle block. He said he talked about the issues. He's not over jumping up and push. They're moving. And then he had to sit on the army. I got to go see her in the wild. Okay. Just to be nice to know me. Which mind. Don't forget him. Yes. Who said lie? Oh, yes. Yes sir. What is going on with the Larry's heart to expose it? Any day now come. And why is it such a small story that why are the askers? Why is there a man after George Bush about this? I mean, there is a man after the other day. And what about the asker about drugs? He wouldn't answer that question. He sure is not going to answer about this. But what it comes out about two or four days. If they get to think and play this bitch off enough. They got four shy and after the avid is his role we're hearing. I mean, they are funny about this. It's kind of because of the person away. Right. You know, as if they have a camera. Or why not there a one. Why? How come they know as vision as penis is good the other way? Because I think Clinton's was good to be like and Bush is good to the right. Well, why do you want to know a poor child person like a gentle flower or a flower or a flower? I don't know. I just have to tell you, three or four days he's over here. All right. Like a week before the action comes, real juicy to me. Well, you know, I always put in a section where no rustication is followed already by off. Exactly. Have a great day, pal. Now we could have taken that 50 or 60 million. Given it is that broad. And she'd be, she'd be glad on all of the place right now. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Yeah. And then you know what they're going to say? Well, you know, she got paid. But they have the shine-dathed day with the lawyer's. They got their notion it. Just like the Bob Witton thing. He didn't deny it. He walked away. He resigned. How do you like that? And of course, if Bush walks away, that leaves this with dick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Publish. When they persuade Bush has to write drop-off because of the tremendous investment pressure and you'll probably can tell us with dick. Here's Nathan, shall I? Yes, sir. Okay. Look in the, on the beginning, you had previous call. We get a lot of more of the air-trip or a push. The big thing is that they go to socialists because he's offering programs to a education in child health. But there's a lot of the, I thought, those are still waiting for the visit from Dr. Mingle over there when it was close. Yeah. It's true. I could say, you know, the Bush is speaking this for a few seconds about five higher tuition shifts, five higher tuition trips again. Yeah. How do you get it? We're with 50 Texas Democrats. They're the Coca-Blued D'Agemicrotts. The Republicans everywhere are out in the country. Or would you get one with us? And let's say it again to get the patients bill of rights which passed over his veto in Texas by the Democratic legislature. And they've made them not vote for the right to be personally litacled. He litacled the law without their signing. Sure. But I don't even have bipartisan interest. Yeah, right. But for what I'm going to say, they're pretty, you're at this political conservative down here. It's a political death penalty. It's a tough one crime. It's a suspicious of any environmental regulations. They're pro-life. They're not that government. The court is going to get one. There's a lot of backspot and going on down there. The only thing is separate them is rivalry and distress. It's folks that don't know the pro-life file. You have to know I would. Push actually tried to do one major thing on his own there. They're most of the change of tax based on the extra property taxes to other forms of taxes. And despite all the backspotten in camaraderie, you couldn't get it done. You couldn't get it contented. So here is a national rally. And so, for talking about pipe ownership, what? Nobody's picked on my gun. Okay, we're also in scrap at a couple more times while there's nothing you've done. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, the only AP and P and Verizon wireless one. Out of town, 8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 6, 3, 4, 5. Let your voice be heard. Even as the ending out of prison, may be a late-year voice speaker heard. That's not for you. So, I think the 26th is the clock is ticking. We're getting really close. You know, how can we talk to a good friend of our Goldstein? I shouldn't say his name should I, because I'll be on a gathering that line in a second. But you should talk to him because he's good about his lawyer. He's trying to start school magazine, and he would have the inside track. He probably knows the lawyer's real-chair number. I mean the cell phone number. Wouldn't you think? Probably. We ought to have him get in touch. We can get the scoop on his name. That's a good thing for the entrepreneur. Now, will? Yeah. How do you like that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T. And for Nigel Wirlers' lines, is the clock ticking, baby. You can almost smell it. Here's a mobile-accross spring, shall I? Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'd be voting for Gold, but one thing scares the heck out of me. And what is that, sir? He's been pushing for the past seven years for a federal tax on gas for a year. Up to two thousand fifty-centre gallon. This time, I'm already sent to the road. And I'm already seeing surchargees on product for the gasoline increases, we've had. And what am I to? Every ten cents of surcharge on a product, with a twenty price of the retail on the selling price. If it goes to four hours, I mean, you're looking at a four hour. It's not going to go to four dollars. First of all, it's not part of this tax order. It's that was the case which I never heard that in my life. But if it was the case, it's the, it's the, it's the thing I was doing. But let me see it again. He's been the vice president for eight years. There has been any such proposal while he's been here. It's not part of his campaign now. In addition, would it be never passed anyway? So what's the point? Well, hopefully what? No, I'm not going to try. I know. I only want to say again. We know that it wouldn't. But I don't like British. Yeah. Well, let me let me earlier. If you're using Texas, not going to happen. Okay. Okay. I'll see you in Angaco. Okay. Come down. So the few weeks ago, Bill McCollum and Governor George Pepecky and four of his blinded arrest on four waterdale, they picked up the check and thank the server for her great meal and the service the best ever. When she opened the checkbook, they look at the tips. She was shocked to see that Bill had left her a 10% tip. So much for helping the working people. It goes to show that Republicans, the rich keep their money in school a little bit of die 60 cents a day, no way. Go to the borrower says, teenage and pull out of there. You can take your 60 cents in. Yeah. That's what we're saying. That's big middle class tax cut. 60 cents a day. And then, of course, you'd have to be on the borrower's end of the scale and you're going to get a big 11 cent today. All right. So at the end of the week, 77 cents, you can buy three quarters of a die coke. Only we kind of share. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. When I was buying many, many, many of your подlines, but at 13, which still doesn't flow, that's what we like. A lot of really dumb, I need a lot of power to the fluidity. We've gotten to the locationally nine, we'll be about never look back eight. We've got a long way to go on this one. Here's the question. Hello. Hey, you know, right? Yes, you're okay. You know, I've listened to you for a long time and I'm trying to figure out kind of really where you stand. Trying to figure out where I stand, which words didn't you understand? Have you been a little medium off about those? No, not really, really, no. So you're a big advocate of saying, you know, how does it really affect your life and stuff like that? And then I hear you call them people like speed of scissors and stuff like that. Now, I'm a lifelong Republican, but I'm not going to vote this year. The reason I'm not going to vote is I think four parties have kind of lost sights of everything that's going on. Have I heard you say before that you like Mario Cuomo? Now let me go, Cuomo. Okay, Mario Cuomo, about four years ago said that, you know, back in that election, Ben Cuomo had it right. And he said that, you know, what really counts is family values and personal responsibility. Yeah. And this country, let me ask you, is Mario Cuomo a fetish of your? No, but you're not, you're not, you're not a fairytale, you're not a fairytale, and they know that I'm not saying that. I'm a lifelong Republican. I'm not a fetish of scissors. I believe in the, a woman's attitude is the reason I'm a Republican is because I believe that, you know, big business ones are country better than the left. You know what I mean? I honestly do. So in general, the words, it is not your Robin Hood, we've heard it's taken the point, did we? No, no. Yeah, I don't know. Yes, yes, yes. Well, okay, well, you're saying that. Public Republican population, admitted Republican party is the party of the British, released that Donna seconding with today. Okay, and I said that. If I believe that the best of Republicans can come up with this George Bush, I am obviously not voting this year. Right. And you know, something, if they've performed for this Supreme Court of Point, which I wouldn't vote you to. I would say that. I wasn't going to follow up on that point. Yes, sir. When you say that, what exactly do you mean? What do you honestly do? Well, how about role versus weight if Bush of there's going to be a real benefit again? Then again, it was a right back to what you originally say. How does it affect more Roger? So, in other words, I'm only interested in fam. That's so, no, no, no about that exact name. But can't if they want there and that's the kind of society that I live in. It affects our freedoms for all of us, okay. Okay, let's just figure it away, the rights for one group, then that's what happened in Germany. Once they're stuck in a way, the rights for one, then they take a money from everybody. I probably understand that. That's what you said that this country is far better than you don't think it is. And you did. Absolutely. I didn't say that. I didn't agree with the proliferation of guns. That's what I think is far better. Okay, why? Can you say that? One point on the other side. I was in here. Okay. It'll be you believe that honestly, if there were problems in this vote again, that the NRA is going to have it totally away with this country. They're going to have, they're going to have, they did, they let me say it again. They don't need it. They don't need it again. They don't need it a million dollars last month to the Bush campaign, okay. They're given with all per hands that you're just trying to get him in there. And when a guy said that they were going to have an office right there inside the right house, he may have been only figuratively speaking, but pretty damn close. Maybe you have to like down the street. The meal Roger shows. That's pretty live 60s. That's you. I'm gonna go some pop show. Looking for this movie. I am just looking for this movie. I am not sure, but looking for that movie. I have it again. Good boy, nothing better. Hey the world bauen from there. All cause of pain. Yeah, 132.56 is a WDQM and course mentorship that I've stocked locally, a extraordinarily little bit of a bit of a bundle. He says, oh, I could really talk about him. I was discussing, I'm a strategy that I designed myself for, but also I was a really good idea. And I said, no, we haven't. Wow, okay, it's your call, whatever you think. And of course, have we hit bottom yet? No, no. There's around 127 drop and about to rock, and the dial is down 35 and drop and about to rock. You ain't seen nothing yet. Okay, we got 200 left of the line between now and two, which I have no idea what I could do like, because we're having a great intellectual discussion here today. Oh, a little future of our lives. So we're really curious about some of these people. They act like it's so hard to understand what I'm saying, right? Yeah, well, like, well, you know, I don't know. I just don't get it about, yeah. I couldn't possibly be anymore clear. Crystal clear, clear. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AP and two and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. All right. Yes, man. Hi. Hi. This is the first time I get a chance to call. As I've become I've tried before I'm getting a busy night to work and I'm happy I can get through the chat. What do you do? Um, you know, as a woman, um, I'm a call that I women out there that I have been in contact with regarding the vote between Bush and now Gore and that they do not realize that this this man is, uh, can take away I like to choose and I had a personal experience years ago when I was very young, I was maybe 17 where I was very fortunate that their weapon state in this country was up there and your city were actually could go and have an abortion. And my life would have been totally different than what it actually turned out to be. Had I not had that choice. And, uh, although I'm not thinking of having any children at this point in my life, I feel a sense of responsibility to other women, to younger women that have been there. How about all, you know, all these married women who claim that they're for Bush and about their daughters. Don't they care about their daughters and about their rights to make their own choices? Yes. I have a decent faculty who want to say another I have. I have a decent faculty who have daughters who have, uh, nieces. So even in where the other reasons are the men themselves don't realize the implications that if a woman gets pregnant they're involved for the next 18 years of child support. So it's not just a women issue. I mean, women's wanted to spend it pretty quick too to make that happen. So, you know, the men are concerned with the financial issues and they're looking at the social issues that they're looking at. Don't forget to let their guns go for get them. And, of course, they, that's the way to play. But, one of the things that they don't realize is that if a woman does not have a right to choose, uh, to have an abortion, they are actually going to also be a suspect that's with their decisions. So the next 18 to 20 years are their lives. Right. So simply because they're also responsible and with all the past nowadays, that they're, you know, the DNA testing that's a certain key as to who the father is and what's the best in a ballot. So, if that's a certain man, they can't even know the number of getting pregnant. And I'm surprised to see as many men that not support decisions. I'm really surprised, they're saying, you know, I'm embarrassed. If you've got to be a victim, president, where is it? Why is it that she doesn't even speak? I mean, they had a interview with father L.A. She's my true works. I know what this woman does. I have no idea. I've got a judge like, keep it in the kitchen. That's a kind of representation of we women going to have in the way out. I mean, after thoroughly and somebody other women, I'm Jacqueline Kennedy, who name another, who has brought issues and in particular has been involved in some of these different issues. Yeah, well, not all of the women, but nevertheless, she's got a brain bigger than a pig. Well, listen, vote early enough into it. Yep, I'm so real. Thanks. Here is an excellent fact which I've forgotten about. I've been talking about this in the midst of all this stock market stuff. Yes, yes, today, if we were putting head record profit. And remember, I was the one that told you weeks ago that we're talking about they wanted to maximize their profits by the end of the year. They're balance shoots. You see, I'm going to tell you towards WR, all your friends at the old companies. Maybe you're full of dummies that I've been talking about. The $2.5 tax on gas, which is a thing that if it's imagination isn't going to happen. But always business about the Arabs and about old-packing about this. They sell tech lines with direct on by the way Ted, David Quick, he was a 92 L on CNBC. He's down here in Bocahino's tech direct. Nice going Ted. Good Jewish post. Oh, a Jewish name. But anyway, here's the fact that there's why he has no one picked up on the published fact that all real companies have just had record profits as a result of increased all prices. As for the raw street Journal and some similar deep and bushes pocket and what will happen in the next four years. Not to mention, of course, the pollution that they're spewing all of our purchases, especially Houston, which we can't even walk outside of Hepatine. How do you like their apples? Record profits and all, as always, if BS, it's all BS, they're just draining the money out of your pockets through all companies. Because if it really was the cost of the wealth, they wouldn't be having record profits. They don't give a fine F about you people or about me or anybody else except their profit, the bottom-prican line. So if you've got big stock in technical and shell and a world-dutch and all these other ones go right ahead, vote with both hands for George W. But if you want those two pull-ups get in second pair to pay an almost two bucks for a gallon of gas and get in worse than a minute and wondering, how come, you know, the price of the two bail went from 34 to the almost 37 one day, then it was 35. Then we'll find out in the down to 32. Did the price of gas go down? No. And I'll say it again, these are one of the biggest contributors to George W. Number one to tobacco companies, number three, NRA, number four to the pharmaceuticals, and number five to the world companies. Or we have a real phrase that grows in the park of a rose-tiny news. Twenty two ever-trawleds I like the good tanks, even though I know them, especially the number of coasts. Twenty two before two at five, sixty double two and be a troll. Come on, an hour ago. Time to grill up and set up five to five. Well friends of Pactor Street, and please now, please, now, please, now, please. Now, please, now, please, now, please, now, please, now, please, now, please, now, I'm holding a few things. I've wished you'd freezes an army, I just write you're not pulling any more. If you're the papers that prove that, say why not catch up with the rest of the world. Enjoy as excited as the truth to set your faith in. Next time you want to reach out for goodness, please, for our hand, and all of that. I'm free from the power of your secret, and bring out the game. I'm free from the power of your secret, and bring out the game. Tell your disciples that you're a daily. On highball on soccer with Christmas in the 131st 2000 W says, actually I, this makes out a little less text than you, but I like it. When I'm talking about, when I'm talking about myself, and when he's talking about myself, all of us are talking about me. In the W says, if you may 50,000, it's clearly a budget, it's got a lot of numbers in it. On his mini-moojaum became in the Dallas-Mujaum News made tenth of this year. He says, I think we agree, the past is over. And on meet the press April 15th, this year, he says, lower and I really don't realize how bright our children is sometime until we get into the objective analysis. As in, is our children learning. Let me read that one again. Lower and I really don't realize how bright our children is sometime until we get into objective analysis. How do you like that? I'll read the next reading of the free world. I'm sorry. 560, 50, 50, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. Here's a moment in my hand. Hello, hello. Yes, sir. I'm a pound. I'm really good. Are you pissed? Yes, sir. First of all, I'm a two. First of all. We're making a good thing out loud. Yeah, we're doing a long time ago when you were Republican. But when I stuck his head up, Jim Bush's hand, that we're in the hand. To take a good look, back while you have this, that's audio. What happened to you? I wanted to keep on coming back with Republicans, middle-rights, to care about good. I want to have to do. We're making the economy and the country today, a compared to where the office was when they were. Right. I found that to go. Amen. We found it for the party. Right. Apparently, turn back it. And a stick in the whole world after it. It's closing. I'm a two-law. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, you're coming to all of this is baby hung on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the Fed Waterdale. Hello. Pretty good. I'm basically a gross supporter, but this Bush task cut about six months, six months, six half a day. It actually, I think, I would result with about 100s some a year. I guess I am a gross supporter, but I don't think that's show that that plan is a thing. I don't think that gross plan is a thing for like that. Yeah. You know, I don't think that gross plan is a thing for like that. Yeah. You know, so I don't know why it has to be best. But I'll talk to you later. I'll keep going. I just had a few way to how that was going to end. It's somebody who I've put on it. Yeah. Put it away, pal. Are they couldn't see it anyway? I can relate. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town is open, we'll wait on those two lineing those great intellectuals from Michael Wood on the list coast. 87, 7, 7, 75, 63, 45. I like when you drive over on alligator alley and other signs about the panther habitat. And then as you get kind of closer to the list coast like four miles and Naples, there's a sign that you're the area that says in television life habitat. Just in a very small area there. Here's what waterdale, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Listen, I want you to explain something. You're always asking why George Bush is so close for the poll, so you can't understand why you're here. No, I don't understand. Alright, let me, I've heard of the wife and me. I'm a little bit people, but he's terrifying. 61, this may be a reason, but there were talk about this on CNN, LLS weekend. 61 million Americans have their money in mutual funds. Yeah. And when our goal talks about drug companies and insurance companies, oil companies, signal companies, chemical companies, HMOs, many people, but they're about the technology sector, looking at mutual funds and see they have a balance. No, no, they don't. They do. No, they don't. They're actually wrong. They're in one percent of people in this country, including George truly, who know the stocks in a mutual fund. Oh, every mutual fund has got 100, 100 stocks. No, they send a, they send a password. Every month, let's meet the, let's see, you're brought, they send a data. And they send a data. And you know where it goes, you're right in the old chicken. Well, I'm looking to look at it and it's very clear to again, nobody pays. I'm a little bit shocked. And there are hundreds of names on each one of those funds. The average person, first of all, if you have a good magnifying glass, you might be able to read it. I get those things every day. I throw my glasses at it. I try to, I try to, I try to explain. Even if it's mine to make up a reason, and it's not valid, because that's not a reason. That's what they say. I don't feel what they sent on to. And they could tell me it was four o'clock in the morning right now. And I still cannot get through that. I love them, I still do. That's what they said. You know you might be a modern mother. Well, I read, I'm aware. Yeah, she's always telling me she read somewhere. When she tells you she read somewhere, it's either in readers' digest, you're going to be around landowners. Because that play much covers who I tend to worry. Okay? She read somewhere. I dogs, hate your instructions for six years, because all dogs that are here most of them with big years have been infected because of the climate and the allergens. So I'm, I've talked about it a million times. And usually, it's a battle. They're never ending battle. And as it gets older, it's 12 years old, my girl, my previous getting deaf or indefinitely deaf or, and you know something old dogs, just like those people they get deaf. One has got nothing to do with the other. I've heard of her a little long. But she calls me if you need to tell me that she read somewhere that would dogs get in sections in their ears that can go into their brains. And I better shut them into the vet again, because your micro-edited man, she's worried sick about it. That's what you remind me of, sir. You heard of them, I'm seeing them. They're for it must be true. I want to read in the weekly reader. You know what I'm saying? I want to read mad magazine, fill in the blank. I like. Oh. In fact, I, I could tell you, I want to read that the prospectus you're talking about, that breakdown on an uture fund, but all the snacks in there, but I'd be lying because I never read it. They all go straight into the circular file. I read what was. In addition to which you're going to take a separate poem and ask them, that they do take poems on the issues, is that everybody in this year, all of the ultra rich in the very rich killer about those things. That's correct. Who's real Coca-Cola? Yeah, right. Oh yeah, Coca-Cola. Yeah, Coca-Cola. That's why they want to be in here. You can relate to it. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560. 2, 8, and 10 man, they're chied. Come on. They got rid of the candy, you dog. Stop thinking. Someone else tried, yeah. So they took it from the way. And those who were, who know who's got to have the pep and bust him off. Let you drink and tell me you got. Yes, they want it, Johnny. He's good, it's a candy. Yes, I think it was no shame. He's so stockpete. Now, it's nearly a moment, man. Yeah, not so cool. Yeah, that's that. Yeah, that's that. I'm so cool. Yeah, that's that. Almost the roof. And the ratings are down 7% from under that football. Oh, yeah, they're in the tank baby. They've just suck in the wind. Nobody's watching the world. Here is the ratings all the way down. And none in their footballs down some percent because they put that more on on there. Microsoft and Dan Budo. That were going to combination. It doesn't take true guys. You will football game. I hate to make a lose here. It doesn't take true either. Handle or even a offer. But don't tell us the experts today, B.C. As the ratings continue dropping into oblivion. Here's Pablo B.C. Hi. Yes sir. About a three question of spring for the selection. Rafael, like to remind you, I am. That the president also selected to try out court judges. And that would mean that in case somebody dump you or you say, have you really, the strategy. It would be huge recommendations. The Republican president. And also, not only just the robustness weight, but within my wife's time, my adopt memory. The thing, the one man or one person was both the concept could be yours. Right. And a parent of Pablo's school. And as religious fanatics would they're for back in the during the public place that they can. Yes. And the whole cycle gets the whole idea of the segregation schools would be to be reinstated to absolutely correct. So I hope well, just not like remind people that maybe have a chapter these things. And I'll even only praise if people are not a woman's right to choose. And that accepted as a valid part of life. These other things could also be. Well sir, thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. It says you actually will be correct. Maybe the top 10 20 year holdings won't change or a mutual fund position changed by the minute. Only once a quarter when they changed their holdings was another position, which might be held in momentarily. And that publish would potentially show us holding the refucker object as a foreign best. Yeah. It changes like every second. They're in and out. They're out there down. So it's meaningless. Absolutely meaningless. And the idea that Joe and Sally Smith somewhere in middle America are sitting there looking at this prospectus for the mutual fund. That's you and the breakdown. They got so many issues such percentage. I felt more as I forget about it. They mean having some either to really tell them. Here's Kina's game. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I want to make this quick. I just have a sort of subscribing to this economist magazine called the Red Hearing. Yeah. And if you know, it's it's here to be a position. Pardon me? Is it kosher? I think it is. But it's huge right for it. All right. Anyway, this one article is very interesting. They did a it took the average annual percentage increase of the Dow Jones industrial.