Cold free and date and valor. Out of five six theon here's help all the opinions of Neil, this guest and colors. And that necessarily represents those of the big blackouts who are at staff advertising for agency. Now, here's Neil Roger on 5.16 QAM. A black thing down my net at a good book. What's that man? The toy toy. I don't know. I'm a hippie. No, go on. On the go back to jail. I'm not pooping that other schooze man who take your money. I don't know. Well, let me tell you something, Jeff. You could have given that money to me. I do not pay and I am out of incense. If you ever feel stupid, I would say surround chicken bones and conjure up the spirit of S.O. I'm glad you're being so fine. Help me experience the benefit of your credit card reading and help subsidize the ever-growing telemarketing industry that cater to the unimportant negro. Well, only 6.99 a second. I will tell you what you want to hear and less than you already know. Go now to good please. Go to the day phone at your local check-hashing store and dial 1-800. Okay, 10.15. 60 WQMAs. We're trying to search through all of this crap. I think this whole lesson business boils down to one very important point. That is, old Jews and oldsparkers don't know how to vote. Can we debate that? No, there's no debate. They are debating right now the Palm Beach County canvassing board. The right wingers are trying to get 12 Wobbits to get knocked off. The canvassing board was there with three of them. She, of course, being a Democrat and she's an kind of adamant and militant. Another accusing her of a twisting this and hanging that and giving the chat pregnant and doing all sorts of other things. Yes, she got it pregnant. And the state of the nation. Yeah. So that's going on. We got more. It's so much legal crack going on. I can't keep track of it. So that bitch Katherine Harris has got to be a Florida Supreme Court and put out this 12-page document in which among other things she wants to consolidate all these cases. Have this a big court deal with it. Also have the Supreme Court direct Palm Beach County and everybody else don't count any more votes to apply. Cross Palm Beach County ain't count anymore votes right now anyway because while they're doing the thing with Carol Roberts and try to get her knocked off of the canvassing board, they're also in court. This is the best part of the deal. They're in court asking the judge whether they can count. Let me make sure I got this right. Dimple ballots and pregnant chads. Did you got that? How's that hand job coming along, John? Exactly. Dimple ballots and pregnant chair. But of course, if anybody named Chad who's pregnant, let's face it. There are a lot of you in investigation. I mean, this is just the what it boils down to is that America does know how to hold a election. I know that's embarrassing. And they have the different networks during the 80 million hours they have to feel. They have that pieces on about well, they're the antiquated voting machines and the that they don't even make any more and these paper ballots and all this stuff. You know, California, they showed the touch screen works like a charm. They count all those millions of votes in no time at all. Don't you have any big problem? We have the technology we just don't have the will to use it because that's face it when the fix is in. And big county counts. So three precincts last night they find six more gold. They said, nah, it's got all balanced out anyway. We don't want to waste the time. We're not going to be count. Without it in the meantime, there's no way to submit it. Get off the pot. Well, they will. They won't. They might. They don't. etc. Or it's always unanimous. If a Mr. Cowell would say that it was counted as a gold vote. Oh, yeah, this is everything that was in court. Everybody in their brother. Everybody in Palm Beach County is in court. People haven't been born yet. People who died 20 years ago in Palm Beach, they're all in court. We asked yesterday, how interested are you now in the out cover of the selection? They're very interested. We got 943 votes. Several interested. 402.5 percent. Second of it, getting over was already which I voted on that. 318. 33. About a third. Getting less interested by the Bay. 2.24. 23.5 percent. I do understand, you know, the idea is to get it right. There's no question about that. But there's rich Catherine Harris coming up with this two o'clock deadline for the Counties to ascend her letter of exploration two o'clock today. Just arbitrarily she comes up with this time. You know, two o'clock tomorrow, sending a letter on explaining and show the side, whether it's ballot or not. Of course she's going to say no. And then they're going to have to take her to court. Now, so they want Carol Roberts to accuse herself. But at the meantime, how about Catherine Harris, the Secretary of Bush? Yeah, that's what she is. She's the guy damn Secretary of African Bush at pitch. This is what we're dealing with. We're dealing with some of Chanky Panky like I told you days ago. They could go on forever. They're still never going to know. You'll never really know who will end the best part in the Mexico is. That even though course they had by children, some both now, I'm sure they'll find some more Bush votes. They're probably a bunch of them right now as we speak. If it comes to a dead even tie. And they're dealing with such a small number of votes, they're anyway. Because they had a big snowstorm. Not that many people think about it. I haven't made people voted maybe less than that. But at any rate, if it comes to a dead even tie, why in the Mexico provide for a coin slip or a car game or maybe a duel? Can I really show which one they're going to pick? In fact, George Bush said, okay, I play Rayman and Buran and that duel. Something like that. Oh, God, this is just a mess. Also, I was listening to Burugas and the car going to the store. I said, listen to books you're talking about the panthers. And low on behold, here's Michael Meyers commentary, which is really lukewarm as usual. You're out of the column this town almost never today, really say anything. They kind of like beat around the bush. But for Michael Meyers, I guess, going out of the limb, panthers are pity, but injury, I'll probably not go so far. But anyway, Bruce, there was saying that at Moaries, they're very lucky that we had the election thing going on because the rogers would really be ripping in the ass and going, you know, something I love, Boogas, a great guy, and we like it a lot better since he lost all that weight. So we like him better? Yeah. I don't know why that is. And I have some people to buy me. I have some people to say, oh, I'll use to ask you better when you were fat. I mean, it's got to be the dumbest thing ever heard. And it's really just as dumb to say, we like him better than other gloves all the way. But he's more human now. He'll live longer now. He'll live longer. He'll be able to look at. He's healthy. He just, he used to be a mess. But anyway, he's a great guy, and I like him a lot, but I hope you like the news. Yeah, wouldn't be carrying on and going crazy because I do that once before and sacrifice on a lot of you. He's the business that where it's called survival. And that's just talking about one of those CBS TV shows. This is real survival. And in order to do it, you have to talk about things that people care about. Does anybody care about the panthers in their town? Oh, about hockey. Oh, so while Terry Murray should have been fired a long time ago and probably his brother with him is a package deal, I'm not going to sit in a waste a lot of time with it. So I'll forget about it. You can only make the injuries in the excuse so long. They have a lot of big injuries. But the fact is that with the insolent, they only really mean for various significant injuries at the moment. And the youngsters in the organization that they were always hearing about, in this organization, they always think, they always wanted to go back down to the mic. Sooner or later, I mean, every organization comes up with some real kids who can fill the beat and maybe help you win one game anyway. This is not going to give me a side track on that because I'm not going to do it. And if they get fired, they get fired and if not they don't. They're still going to keep losing one word there because they have no talent. They're thin in the talent line. They're desperately thin. It's the whole organization from the bottom up. Smells. Kind of like this organization. Can you smell it? Oh, God. But thanks for the bonus check. She that was a real good scam. That was a great scam. You must admit that. I was here like the bread beginning in the summer book and in the last few days. And I still got to hear a bonus. I'd go on George. I heard you've getting his bonus someday. Now, did you finally get the one from the previous book? Yes. Okay. So now we got another one to work on. This is always the big audience loves this. They're starting to get that bonus. Yeah, well, which one you're talking about? What year are you talking about? I'm glad they love it. Yeah, you love it. Yeah, like waiting for my money. Yeah, you like waiting. I've heard of that. I haven't had it right now. And of course, they're not afraid of you because you're still just a peon. And they saw that September trend. They said, well, that was because we were came back. Well, that's that was the death now. What a business. Anybody out there listening? Yes, I know. We don't care. We can take it in the money. Anyway, it's been a Saturday, it's five, six. You've got to be a QA. And I think you can kill Robert's daughter. Get up and beat this guy up. This son of a bitch. Clark, here I'll let him have it. Pick it for me. A lot of things. Something judge. Hey, judge. I'll just tell the one finger. No question of the program. Maybe we could be a celebrity. No, no. Mission. WPLM. B.C. broadcast. 1550, here's a great facts. Washington, DC. Following an emergency meeting, Wednesday morning, Congress unanimously voted to exercise Florida from the United States of America. The move was a reaction to the confusion and irregularities in the state's voting numbers that have totally disrupted the 2000 presidential election. This is the last straw said Utah Senator Orange, and SNAH's first LLN can dollars now this. Several congressmen told reporters that the decision has been a long time in coming. Well, pretty much, sick of Florida said represented a Barney Frank. They've been a constant embarrassment for too long now. And at Frank they had Dan Marino for a while, but what have they done lately? Oh, that's right. Screw up our entire democracy, I forgot. The speech on the Senate floor of Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy commented that the water support of the signs of an elderly population will free up billions of dollars in social security funds. These are valuable funds, which cannot be redirected to a national defense, but can finally be billed our demoralized, weak and military said the Senator derroying applause. As a result of the Florida screw up the House and Senate decreed a new election will take place in early December, this time Balochinesate will be tabulated by robots. It is clear that our human vote counting system is too inherently flawed since the figure of the House that he has stood, but presence of these new superior robot master, I mean, that tabulate is, will ensure a hundred percent accuracy. Remember, I said has stood every vote counts, especially if it's counted by robots. Dynamite will begin along the Florida border next Wednesday after which the state will be completely geographic, we separated from the United States. After that, there are other ones that have stood, I hope they think. All right. Here's something considerably less humorous in Brady Pressing. There's still a hot country child can calm each party. And there are just two ones, though. I think there's still a bump, bump, bump, bump, bump, bump, bump, bump, bump. And they're not counting anything, they're doing nothing. Anyway, we talked the other day about the disappearing ballots of Duval County, 2020,000 TOS were tossed out up there, and the Republicans were saying, why do you see it? Just like Palm Beach, all of these counties, the only problem being that when you looked into it, the, let's see, nearly 12,000 of them, I have the 22,000 came from just four of the city's 14 districts, predominantly Africa and American areas. And like I said before, our shfartes and the old Jews can't vote, but you get into a thing here about the ballot. I have no idea why 22,000 people could not follow directions at my high tower, chairman of Bush's Northeast Florida campaign. Duval County's ballot this year consisted of 10, listen to those, 10 presidential candidates, plus a space for one right and spread over two pages, which may have led voters to put their hold on the first page, turn the page and then vote for another presidential candidate. Not the butterfly ballot, whether they were facing each other, but here's the first page would say like five presidential names, and then you turn the next page and here's five more. So the less a suit, the people whose middle name is Dumball, Rufus, those people have turned the page and they go to it again. Why is it, see, every county in this state, I noticed comes difficult to believe. Every county says it's own standard, has a different ballot. You see the ones in Valuesia County, those paper ballots where they like, you know, X marks the spot and then they got the ones with the magic marker that you're feeling the whole, it's impossible to the state can't do anything right. And the notion that there are some of you out there who believe that we're really going to will someday know the accurate result of this solution, you're dreaming, you must be doing acid. You're out of your mind. Thousands and thousands and thousands of votes tossed out over here and thousands more there and then we have asshole saying, of course, depending on which side they run. They're saying, well, that's just the way it goes, that it happens in every election. Well, if it happens in every election, then everybody's vote is a voice to count. How come we don't change the way we vote? Sounds basic to me. Sounds like, yes, I make all the sense in the world. I mean, like, how we sort it? I make all the sense in the world. This is not the way to run a fricking railroad. God, is this piss me off? 10 presidential candidates face for a white and two different pages. Not even opposite each other, where would be obvious that it was almost same race if he had any IQ at all, but you turn one page and then you get to the second page and there's another bunch of names. And let's face it, we got to see there's no requirement that you least smart to vote. I know there are a lot of assholes out there, a lot of these arrogant bush liqueurs are all all out there and all, how can anybody be that stupid? If you don't have to vote, you don't have to be intelligent to vote. Even dumb people. I mean, look at the mirror, you're bush people, you voted for him. I mean, even dumb people are a lot of the vote in this country. Or people, frail people, goofy people, everybody's supposed to have one vote. So the idea being that you'd be laid out there is simple as like if you were doing it for a child. It's the lowest common denominator that never overrace to make the intelligence of the American electorate. And here we got all these counties that, all know, you almost get to see me and that they went out of their way to make it as difficult as they could. They could intentional confusion. But this Katherine Harris, this bitch, this bush, the secretary of bush, that's really what it comes back to. Because through a clock this afternoon, she just said, I'm able to say, well, you know what, Tom Beach, you're a peo, okay? And then they're going to have to go to court and say, back to you, honey. And it's going to go back and forth and on and on. And then of course, they're counting the bush people on the, of the absentee oversees ballots, well, guess what? Now they're saying, well, you know what I mean, I piece of good after all. Because the first of all, a lot of military ballots are from the indelisted men. Okay, charges, a lot of them start. Are they going to be voting for bush? No, no. And a lot of those other ones are coming from Israel, or Jews are there, but you don't, from bush? No. So the fact that they're automatically assuming, as part of the process of assuming they're waiting for White House, assuming that they can carry those or the remainder of those overseas ballots, maybe not so. And then what? That what you're going to say. Oh, we're heading out. Okay, let's stop counting. They all look bad. There is nobody in this process that comes out looking, but they all look like crap because we don't know how to do in election. The good news is citrus trees in another reprieve. Yeah. Yeah. The state decided, yes, today, not to reason cutting disease citrus trees off, I think the way for a bower judge to rule on the lawsuit. We got more guy named lawsuit's going on now. St. Edward culture commissioner Bob Crawford, that asshole, thought it would be too much to continue down to the side of the the continuous moratorium on cutting the trees until after the judge made his decision to fight him on him. That's circuit judge Leonard J. Leonard's fleet, who's expected to rule on the lawsuit brought by County municipalities, challenging the state's 1900 foot rule, which allowed trees to be cut down if they were within a radius of 19 or feet from the, from a disease tree. So we got at least until Friday, got a little bit of a breed of there. We have a feeling based on that judge's comment, he may just say to the state, why did that go on? First, there still are a battle in impombitre. If he's been people in place and saying we've seen some, imagine how many votes he could have counted already in a course in Valusia County, growth picked up 98 votes up there. In Valusia County, so you can imagine if it would be day-grounded pombies, see, and of course, then if it was day-grounded pombies, then picked up, like, say, 2000 votes for example, they would have to recount the whole state by hand. That would be the only rational way to do this, even though the bush people have adamly been opposed to a hand in the recalcit and they're in court right now today, challenging the federal judge's ruling yesterday. But all of a sudden, I think they might have a change of heart. So you know what, that's a pretty good idea. Let's recount the whole state by hand. Let's do a hand job. So that's where we live. We don't know a goddamn thing more now. In fact, if anything, it's 50 times more confusing than it was yesterday. I thought the ruling that we had come down was confusing enough. Probably cats are a heres that, you know, she can do this and she can do that, but don't do it arbitrarily. I mean, is there any other way she's going to do anything besides arbitrarily? Of course not. She's a secretary of bush. Okay, let's see what these people think. Here's like one. Hello. Hey, yeah, hey, Neil. In Polk and County, the extra 100 that was just counted for fun. Nobody asked them that. Part of the 300 margin now, right? Right. So really it should be because nobody even requested that. It should be a 200 vote margin. Yeah, so I don't understand how you can do that. How does a county just arbitrarily decide why? I guess they can do that because the other counties are voted, but nobody requested that they do it. Think of it. So where else go ahead and do it? Maybe we'll find some more bush votes and they did. Well, I think actually that would be, we go again. I think that would be illegal because no one made a request. You know, think you can just say, hey, let's do it. But if powered on beach and day would recount it, I think your margin would be more than never. It's 7 to 10,000 extra votes for more. Yeah. So, you know, wouldn't they in all fairness after then go on to recount the whole state? Well, that was the deal with the Gork people were trying to cut. They said, look, let's just count the whole state. It may take 10 days. The less than, I don't know, we can't do that. But the other thing is with the lawsuit with the judges ruling, he said very clearly, believe it or not, he said hand counting hand jobbing is allowed. And then after the hand counts have been made, you may use your discretion. Not prior. So she's created her own ruling. The woman with the, with the fake eyelashes? Yeah. So that's, in a way, it's just that long beach county even sent their cannot up at all. They should have just said, no, we're going to do it. Well, they had to do that because their ass would have really been on the fire if they were to describe it all the time. And if they were to done that, it was possible that she could say, okay, we're just not accepting it. You missed the deadline and everybody had pombie to this in franchise. Yeah, but she knows that in fact, she could, that's right. That's what she would have done. But in reality, that would have caused the whole situation to change now that everybody's having to pay the paper to her. If they just said, no, we'll do this our way and then we'll send it in when it's ready. I think that would have required everyone to recount. Well, if they told me to try to find out about those pregnant chads and dimples right now, she's a she's one and how are the woman. Okay, they'd like to watch her. Yes sir. Officials approved hand count in the Bloom Shaw race and date county better. You're doing a hand job and date. Because they're sure allegedly won by fewer than 600 votes and they're initially they said, no, you don't even forget it to land you lost. And now they said, well, I guess what? We're going to have a recount in the congressional race. This year 22. My immediate officials agree in and placed it to the recount six precincts. Finally starting this morning, Broward and Palm Beach have denied the her request for hand job. So it's that again, it's still up in the air. I was really Robert Steinback this morning. We're supposed to show you how confused I am. And he does make an excellent part, which I was unaware of. Take it to even more furious. We have mentioned, you know, from time to time the fact that we can't even act one back in 1988 in the Center race in Florida, even though they originally they've projected that buddy McKay wanted. What come to fight out? Mac one by 33,612 votes out of more than four million cast. But supporters of his opponent, Democrat buddy McKay, howl that some 170,000 voters mysteriously failed to make a choice for Senate, even though they voted for president on the same ballot. The suspected corporate ballot design. And here we go again. The same space on a crowded ballot. A number of large counties placed the Senate Senate candidates names at the bottom of the same page as the presidential candidate, rather than on separate page. Critics argue that this induce some voters to inadvertently overlook the Senate contest. It might across the case of contest because the drop-offers concentrated in heavily democratic counties in Bade, 19% of voters skipped the center race in Palm Beach, 22% in Broward, 12% in Hillsborough, 24%. So sorry buddy, you got screwed. Oh, I got to be honest with you. It seems between that fact just climbing Mac and the Yahoo buff. A buddy, Epson, I mean buddy McKay. It's not too good. And speaking of not too good, guess who stood in line now? Act of the president and vice president? Yes, who's next in line to take over his president? Let me give you a clue. He's 97 years old. Squad pepper. Yeah, the squad pepper. Close. Close. Or the squad pepper is dead and so is this guy, but nobody told him yet. South Carolina or yet. South Carolina. Sorry. Or an instantious from Euclomb, Mr. He's a moron. I'm more upset right. I'm thinking to be the other way. South Carolina. This is the credit. That Jesse, this is the credit to Republican. South Carolina. I give up. Strong. Oh, look. How many people have been here? Sorry. He drew to know a lot about ancient history. He knows nothing about what's going on to this. It's not about our Carolina. You better get rid of them, Mr. They're going to come up across the border there and give you what for up there in North Carolina. All you've got to do is to cut the crap. And he's certain line. Does that make you feel a lot better? Yeah. He's only 97. He's only 50 yards to the right of a tiller of a hunt. He's just waiting. He's just rubbing his hand. Well, he's rubbing something together. And doing that for years. Nothing's happening, though. 20 socials after 10 at five, 60 WQ. He can't keep his packer in his pack. And, uh, now the Newly Electric Florida Elections Super Vibber crew. So, yeah, come on. Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I am the call. Did I know a good call? No. But the temperature, when the temperature, the temperature, the temperature, the temperature, the temperature, the temperature, the temperature. Why? Why do you know a tree? I'm not going to have a look. But our love and the average can be a lot better. So, we're going to be a lot better. We can be a lot better. I'm a big big. All of our, our O.A.E.A. First two cars. So, food, test never will ever touch. So, I call the boys. She's just right outside. I think the finger is not your hand. And the test just right. She's just right. She's just right. She's just right. I only have all. Oops. Sorry. And for the reason. One, two, three, four. Two, three, four. I don't think so. It's definitely one of the final two if you've got a QM. Here's our poll question today. If our goal loses the election, the main reason will be give you four choices. Choosing your agreement is as running mate. A week campaign or mediocre performance in the debate. Those are your four choices. And Algor loses this election. We're not talking about Florida, but the presidential election overall. The main reason will be choosing to only regret is his running mate. Election fraud. A week campaign or mediocre performance in the debate. So, there we are. Here's the interesting stuff for those who think that this was a fairly handled campaign in the state of Florida. Thousands of irregularities, no more half dozen categories. Already have been reported. Valets run out in certain precincts according to the LA times. Isn't that interesting the LA times has to report what's going on down here. Also the LA times report that car polls, this is in Florida. Car polls of African American voters were stopped by police. In some cases officers demanded the C.A. taxi license. Remember we had a call on that? Remember that? Yeah. They demanded the taxi license. Are you kidding your friends or ride? Hey man. Don't be messing with the porters. According to the Associated Press, polls closed with people still in line in Tampa. In Nazi-Ola County ballots didn't line up properly. Possibly causing poor voters to have their ballots cast for hairy brown. Also Hispanic voters were required to produce two forms of ID, but only one is required. Are you following that? No. In Nazi-Ola County ballots did not line up properly. Possibly causing poor voters to have their ballots cast for. Harry Brown also Hispanic voters were required to produce two forms of ID, but only one is required by law. Doesn't have to be 100 voters in Broward County were unable to vote because the supervisor of elections didn't have enough staff to verify changes of address. And we also heard from many of those people. Voters were mistakenly removed from voter rules because their names were similar to those of ex-convicts. We also heard about that. According to what is new service, many voters received pencils rather than pens when they voted in violation of state law. Remember we had to call about that. According to mining, who owed many Haitian American voters, were turned away from precincts where they were voting for the first time. According to feed magazine, the mayor will candidate who is elected to miners overturned you to voter fraud. Xavier Swire said he was involved in preparing absentee ballots for Georgia W. Bush. And there's a big article in the paper today about that. GOP staff took in hundreds of ballots. Mostly in a little of an hour should point up and give a little assistance and even stamp them and put them in the mail and got only those who would what else they did with them. CDUS is that rather reported a possible computer air in Belusia County where James Harris and socialist workers party candidate will 9888 votes to one only 583 in the total rest of the state. Many African American first time voters are registered at Motor Vehicles Office. These are in campus voter registration drives. Did not appear on the voting rules according to a hearing conducted by the NAACP and televised on C-Spang of number 12. Three days ago. And it goes on and on and there are still people out there. Six four year, we're going to ask you a count. We'll find out who really won. The Grow Re-Count team has the news compressors, especially shortly one of eight million. And of course, the Palm Beach is still up in the air. The still are checking on the pregnant the chads and the pregnant ballots and the pregnant pauses going on. Milk counting yet. And the state Supreme Court is waiting here from them on the 12-page document file by Catherine the Secretary of Bush Harris this morning. Here's a mobile and Sarah Solar. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I believe that George Bush is talking in drafts our Dodger home. Yeah. I like our board. Okay. Thanks for your very prestigious comments. I was very good. Anybody like that? No. That was sensational. Five six seven. Five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town like in Palm Beach, West Coast, wherever 87723877775. 5345. Here's a mobile and worst palm. Hello. Milk. You have to wait for that guy. It was away. There was quick anyway. Quick containers. You know it's frustrating. The fact we all know the one the election. Unfortunately it's going to wind up with Bush. All these votes. The three thousand votes of these people gave to Buchanan that Buchanan doesn't even want. It's missed. They were going to. You want to know. He said he wants and there is votes and he wants them. Somebody got to a meeting his mind. Obviously they got to. Just like they got to all these other precincts and hit these votes. They're refused to allow people to hand count the votes. And it's going to be. It's just a shame. Well, I'm hoping if they judge us on TV if they look like Santa Claus. We'll give us the early Christmas or Honic of present and declare for the winner. But it wouldn't mean declare for the winner. How could it judge declare for the winner? Well, you know, in in difficult times or at least allow there to be a recount in Palm Beach. Can't we? Obviously the people from majority people Palm Beach County are going to vote for Board of given a fair opportunity. It's just for you. Wait a minute. You're not talking about a re-vote in Palm Beach County. Is that what you're talking about? I want to have a re-vote on Palm Beach County. It's not a matter of how it's going to match us with. You're not going to go to call before you, but your call is even more ludicrous. It's not going to happen. It's ludicrous. There's no way after all of this that's gone on and after all the publicity and all the Hupurans. First of all, the Native people are at least most of them will cannot vote for Goat. Even if you had all the same group of people that came up the first time, you can't do that. You can't keep that in re-election until you get to result that you like. It's just it just totally out of the question that they're going to re-vote in Palm Beach. I could say the entire state re-voting, which again will be a re-conversum and almost impossible. And I could see that happening. With some kind of a judge who just got totally fed up or the state Supreme Court saying, You know what, this whole thing, a smell sign, I haven't moved better. If Lord of Wants that any respectability, we better re-vote. Like on December 1st, you know, pick a date. Well, before the December 18th, and then of course, can you imagine we re-vote it? We could tell, it's all over again. I have a whole bunch more of a recounts and more ballots disappearing. Because Florida doesn't know how to do an election. We don't know how to do it. New York State, I'll say it again. How about like 16, 17? Got to be that many million people in New York State. They don't close the portal 9pm, 2 hours after Florida. Or why I'm so most of Florida. And yet every voter New York State was counted to no, no debate, no arguments. Everything gone to bed before one vote was counted in the day's counting. And if there's anybody out there who thinks that this state isn't everything that I've always said that it is. This should finally put you over the edge. This should finally convince you. This is the place, the gang that couldn't shoot straight. The gang that can't get anything right. Oh yeah, but it said, punch it to the right of the, yeah, see that's even another argument about the illegal ballot. Which I hear you Ellen Dusher was talking about, but almost nobody else wants to talk about it because the only remedy would be for Palm Beach, that's the vote over again and we all know that can't happen. It's not going to happen. I said, let's just, I still think the best idea. Call the whole election off. You know, it's probably in there and there will talk about it for four years and see what would be the proper thing to do. So good way back in a week in the like. If Bubba's going to stay in it, that Monica more head. Yeah, let's send her up there with the brother. Yeah, keep him happy anyway. Especially now, the toilet is going off to Albany. Palm, she's not going to Albany. She's going to wash her. Or to whoever she where they live. Chappiquette. And tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. And the credit. Yeah, they're living in traffic. If that's head Kennedy said he'd drive Hillary home. Oh, Chappiquette. Yeah, tap, tap, tap. Oh, yeah, tap, tap. Uh-huh. Or just losing it from all of this. We're losing it. New Roger show. Sports radio. 5, 60. You. Yeah. 10, 44, 5, 60, QAM. One Christopher news conference expected 11 o'clock this morning. I'm not. They're giving him oxygen right now just to make sure he can keep moving his lips. Doesn't it look like he might expire at any given moment, more Christopher? All of a sudden, I'd rather see him speak than that James Baker. All boy. Airbie time I see that man's push on TV or even think about his name. Oh, I'm not. But anyway, here's a very good fact. Oh, we're adding a fifth of choice to our poll. And thanks to the Elisabeth, we're a fact this in. Rick. The other reason that the ifalgo loses because of Ralph later, that'll be choice number five. And I'm sure we're here in Florida that church can be easily made because if later would have been on a battle in the first place, go to one by Elp. Probably, you know, 60, 70,000 votes. And we wouldn't be here right now because it would have been hard for, this is the secretary of Bush to cover up that big of a margin, I guess. Oh, who knows, it may have been a 200,000 vote margin. They met a distributed that up. Here's another really good fact that says from Mike. Last night, I made a county election board. Two people voted two to one not to do a manual hand count. The fact that 1% of those 6,000 votes they counted increased gross count by six. Did not seem to important enough for them to do a new count for 650,000 votes. Obviously, there are no statisticians on the board. That would equate to possibly 6,000 votes for Gore. Is this an important news story for the help of a look into? No. Should we know who these three people are and the two voted against it? No. There's the hell of having investigative team interested in the story that may cost for the president's sake? No. There are two busy, we're writing the same card news as everybody else. Right on, Mike. Then here's a fact about the GOP absentee ballots. Many absentee requests that errors and had to be corrected by election officials. This is a criminal matter. It's not a civil matter. We're asking the state attorney to the various counties looking at the civil and democratic attorneys. It's a felony. They just can't turn these over to anybody. In some of the county elections to provide the standard board of Republican said she wouldn't do anything. She'll order Republican party staff member to sit through the absentee request and add the numbers by hand. Saving the absentee requests from oblivion. The REO say that. In seminal county, this is where Bush picked up 90, remember 99 votes and 98. Election supervisor Sandwich wrote a Republican said she would allow her to put, she did allow her Republicans party staff member to sit through the absentee ballot request and add the numbers by hand. Saving the absentee requests from oblivion. It's never stopped. We can go on from now until from 10 years from now. It's never going to win. And guess what? The judge is still sitting there with a sad look at his pussy and Palm Beach. But he's on the moon with like that. About the pregnant chads and the hanging who's hanging the most, who's hanging out and hang down your head time, do it. And all this precious time is going by. And this is just what Katherine the secretary of Bush wants. I should point out. Because should they be counting some preaching in Palm Beach and then release partial results which is happening in the past and winds up. Oh, guess what? Gorges picked up another 85 votes and only like a tenth of the way through or hundreds of the way. Whatever before to a clock. But now while all this legal language is going on and they were talking about the Democrats being the one that wanted to delay. They wanted to delay. They wanted to keep sitting these arbitrary deadlines and keep delaying the obvious. And then saying, oh, guess what? They're lying's drawn to like you lose because we still got our transit votes. Of course we still don't have those. And we have absentee ballots. Remember that I'm starting here is the welcome and improviser. Here's a thought waterdale. Hello. Danielle. Yes sir. Yes, I think we should put it all in charge of a judge duty. Yeah, that's what I said yesterday. But what is the reason why we came over to fake eyelashes? What's your name? What do you want to be Palm Beach? You know Robert. You know what? You ever want to make this little slurker with her whip? And in any minute I think it's to be like mission impossible. It's going to be like, you got a rip off a mask. It's going to be George Bush underneath. Now the other thing on your pole about there about the debate. They should have both got to host it. Bush and Gorge have been stagnant throughout and did it to date. That would have been good. People would have stayed up to watch that. Okay. Thanks for your postifications coming again. Wow. 56050, 560, palm 560 on the 18T and for lines of wireless wine. Okay. We got all we have our thing. Oh yeah, neither. Later already some second place right behind the election fraud. I voted for a choosing due legal business running made. Because I think that if he would have had a more reasonable advice presidential candidate. He would have won one of those states. Let's state that Clinton won in 1996. Arkansas can see his home state. Louisiana. A lot of those red neck yahu beach sounds say to the course. Still want no jubo. They're on their ticket. Here's Hollywood. Hello. You know a couple of things. First of all, your pole question. There should be number six all the above. Yeah. Why am I not want to make a dead evening? I want to put their feet to the fire. Make them think a little bit. The other thing is I agree 150% with you about the stalling tactic of the. Which come back Republican. You're right on it. I don't know if you read more in doubts column today in the New York Times. It's briefly says W campaign on the issue of restoring trust. But it turns out he meant restoring the bush family trust. In other words, you can have all the choices you want as long as you choose us. And then she says in brief, W keeps acting as though he needs to get busy with a transition. Even though all he's doing is giving jubb to all the old bush family retainers. Right. And so I hear some former Bush White House officials are already sitting around the range with him. How much time and imagination does that take. And then closing she says, well, at least there is this to be grateful for. Nobody has spotted Johnny Conqueror in Florida yet. If the chaps don't fit, you must have quit. Yeah, that's more in down. Yeah, I've got that here. All right. I don't have a great day. And you too. Okay. Great as usual. Nice going Marine. Oh, the facts is here just keep pouring in and pouring in and pouring in. And pouring in. 3% about 3% of Florida 6.1 million voters in life weeks election did not register a Retrocholester president up from just over 2% in 1992 according to the Sunset will survey. The numbers include two to five data from 54 counties in the latest tellies from 3 county still in the dispute. This is a tremendous amount of ballots at Pamela Swafford, the deputy director of elections of Hamilton County. To me, that team's like an awful lot is what she said. 560560, on the 18th, 15 Verizon, Marl<|th|>. They're like in my duty as a officer. Wow. There going on and on and on and on and Palm Beach. Here's Western. Hello. I think it's required by any Republican that speaks to the media that they utilize the phrase. They Democrats want to count and recount until they get the decision that saves while waiting for. Right. Every one of them has stayed almost for a bit of almost exactly the same phrase the majority of the other people have been looking for a way to count and it's not a new number of the life. I told I get a solution they're looking for. I'm getting the results they want. It leads me to believe that this is the, believe this or not. Okay. I maybe I have a team grasp of the obvious. I think there's something more being orchestrated here than we see. I just wanted to keep that eye. And with all this going on, I gotta say I'm getting exhausted and right now my chads are hanging. Okay. Don't let them drop off. Maybe you're a big trouble. In Broward County, two and a half percent of the county's 58,7,000 total votes did not count toward a presidential race. A total of 17,925 didn't count. Those are way too high that can brace president of election data services and corporate. The leading compiler of nationwide detail of the voting data. The way he said pure ballot design was probably responsible for the multiple votes. So at 7925, over 60, 60, 700, under, above 13,000 votes in Broward, they didn't count. Pure ballot design. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. I love your program. Of course. I would like to tell you that this is to go look at the property because of the election for us because I never really thought that something like that could happen in the United States. And I guess you never go to Chicago. Yeah. For Miami. Yes sir. And I would like to note, I would like to tell you also that people who voted for Mr. Bush will be very disappointed. There are lots of credit on this project's countrymen to come out there. There will be very, very, very. What do you know, something in that case? I mean, if we can survive, because we're going to have nothing but gridlock anyway, which everyone gets in for the next four years. Maybe it'll be like turn around. You know, they had their final penis gate for all the pelacos you were going to have. Maybe now we can have a abortion gate or a drunken gate or all the other gates. Thank you for picking my call. And thank you for making your call. Have a great life. Okay. Good luck here. Oh, who says that good luck here? I don't want to mention his name. Who's going to show off? 560, 056, the Palm 560, under the AT&T and Goranz Marlos line. The first is for their pump and some oxygen in them to try to get that blood flow in again. He's supposed to be speaking blood across this morning. Any word could be the last. Poor one. It could just barely get the words out. Here's a mobile in the bokeh. Hello. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. Oh, nice to talk to you. What I don't understand, you know what I'm listening is why is the recount an option? I mean, if you add up a car, I'll tell you, because it's for the long. Yeah. Yeah. If you add up a car on the figures and you get one answer, you're asked to add it again and you get a different answer. I think I'm sure that a boy could make sure you get the right answer. Well, yeah. I mean, there's, you know, they keep saying the excuses that they keep giving as well that the machine error rate is acceptable. Well, of course, it's not acceptable, especially in the lesson this important to say that two to five percent error rate in machine counting is acceptable. That's what they did. They recounted they had a machine recount. The Republicans keep saying, well, they all were day voted and then they had a week out. Yeah, the recount was a machine recount, not a hand recount. They were happy to have the margin of error. The machine, let me say it again, machine recount, two to five percent. Yeah, and that's not acceptable. Well, it's not. Of course not. And I would not imagine if victory is like five thousand to the percent of whatever it is. I mean, if you go to buy a car and the guy says, well, you're going to pay about 22,000. And you say, well, I'd rather pay 21,000. That's the principle margin of error. He says, no, no, we're going to make it 23,000 instead of that. Where's that's acceptable margin of error? That's not acceptable. Not an presidential lecture. We got to get the right answer. Which wins? Fine. The goal wins. I voted before, by the way. But the goal is, I just want to know the level wins is at the right number. And if it means a hand recount, but then they will first recount. I think they're just wasting a lot of time. I think that both parties, if any class at all, would just say, okay, well, let's just recount the whole state by hand. And that's the first way to do it. And of course, we've not seen whoever has the lead at the given moment is going to say, okay, Game over. And that's what the Republicans are doing right now. It's part of all their protests. And I have a feeling if we're the other way around the same thing would be going on. Whoever's got the edge right now is saying, okay, it's time to bring it to a halt in the losses. There's the losses back. Is this their son hurry? Well, I think your poll the other day, which I didn't get to get in the vote was one of the questions, what are you so sick of it? You just wanted over. That's what they're banking on. They're banking on the good ol' American ideas that are burdened up to you. Well, that's how I feel about it because, you know, you just get over. You get inundated with all these lawsuits and all those, huh, hang on, all the language. And almost none of it really seems dedicated to getting the answer right. Well, I'm sure first of all, you have an illegal ballot in Palm Beach County. I don't think they're treated as speedable. And nobody's even talking about that anymore. No, I know. And I go to the Palm Beach County and I consider myself fairly intelligent. I think business contracts that I have to read and everything. Neil, it would have been easy to vote for the wrong, the wrong punch. And then we find out that it did dovall county where they two all was votes out 22,000. That they had two different pages with names of presidential candidates. Yeah. That's right. When I explained to my brother in the National, what the ballot looked like, he said he couldn't believe that that's what we were trying to deal with here. Well, at least we're consistent down here anyway. Have a great day, pal. Thank you, Neil. Yeah, we're not good, but at least we're consistent. Consistently for a crap. 1056 at 560 WQM, your friendly station. What have we got today? We got Hank his back. Hank will be a, was that the right thing? Hank will be out from to the 6th. We got John Weiner and Mark Eisenberg. Oh, who got's? And Mark Eisenberg, 6 to 630. Panthers that the Carolina Hurklon's pretty game of 6 to the game. Time and 7 to clock at a K after the Panther game. Panther game, you think they might win or not? No. 430 at 560 WQM, my heavy court lawyer, a measly brother and group station. WQM.com for a war. I thought you saw a hole, but how he's done then? By 9 can help, on the right. But so right home. Man, man. And I don't know where to look. And left to right, I put down. And then I go right. I don't know. So, no wonder how like I can smell it is all the way to cock to punch. It will get down to date my ball. Oh, oh. I think the hole, so my brother will win. Just like the world in country. Oh, right, Mexico. Hi, man. What's up? Look at him. Look at him. Oh, what's up, man? I think he's the one who has a son. Because I don't think. I think he's the one who has a son. Oh, he's the one who has a son. Oh, he's the one who has a son. Oh, no. Hey, you don't get lost. I'm back. I'm back. I'm back. 7. I'll go at 5. 60 WKU. I'm waiting for Roy and Chris. He says I've got enough oxygen to start spicking it. But any moment now. Value of error rates. High in some black precincts. They can't be over voting as many as one and ten ballots cast in some black precincts. In Liberty city in overtime. Because voters apparently punch holes for two presidential candidates. The same error rate that's ignited controversy in lawsuits in Palm Beach, Cali. Cali. Cali. Why? 2.7 of their dates balance were discounted because of so-called over voting. But in about two dozen inner city neighborhood between eight and 11 percent of balance were followed, a way to hide at some people are calling for an investigation. Typically, election experts attribute over voting the elderly or inexperienced voters, resembling with the ballots arrayed up to three percent of considered acceptable. At least fifty nine-negade precincts, including Liberty city, grew over 10 in part of coconut growth. I want to wish part that was. Had the rate to 7 percent of higher. 100 of the county six hundred and seventeen precincts had over vote rates of five percent of higher. The data seems to show the higher the elderly votes, the higher the over vote rate. Are you following? The older they are, the less they know how to vote. So, schfartiers, young and old, older especially, and old use. That's where the problem was. Here's a little and Hollywood, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching Seastown last night. They had a speaker from California and the Lady Democrats from Texas. And the one thing that he brought up is that in 1996 when they had to butterfly bow and then let's convict. And everybody said, there's nothing they can do. They can't call the revotes. That's not true. We're thinking to the Supreme Court in the state of Florida. And the Supreme Court ruled on a debt. If it isn't illegal ballots, they are entitled to a revote. That's why she's pushing for this time and everything else. Because she knows, no matter if she takes a deferral court or whatever, they're going to say, you've got to state Supreme Court ruling already on this butterfly bow. And they're not going to overstep the bow. Well, how do you really have a milition again in Palm Beach County? I mean, I have no problem with it myself. But how do you do that? I mean, it's not like the fifth year in Antwerp or both, out either because they were double punched because of the illegal bow. Yeah. And the war is the war. I mean, that's what it's eventually going to come down to. And I think like you said, it should be a statewide recount. And then put an end to it. Yeah. I think it would be a lot more palatable for everybody involved. If we had a statewide hand recount as opposed to just saying to Palm Beach County. Okay, now that you all know this and now that we know later, it's not going to get us 5% nationwide. Now everybody who voted before going vote again in Palm Beach. I mean, that that would just get people crazy. But they also have the black caucuses for all the, a lot of the states. And they're talking about doing investigation. I mean, it's just because of the bowing and for the, but they're talking about civil rights that were violated. As well as a constitutional rights that they're going to be looking into as far as bringing up charges. So I don't think this lady is in is going to be able to do too much because they're already talking about bringing committees up. And I don't mean the secretary of Bush. Yes. I don't think she, she will, she's wanting to maybe be quit some jail time. She will, too quickly on these votes. She said she would mind doing some kind as long as Jeb was in the cell with her. Okay, have a great day, sir. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. 5, 6. So now this is a Lou in the freeport to Bahamas says US presidential election, the rest of the world is, is looking on with a basement and amusement. Anywhere else to man with the most votes wins, it would appear that the man was the less votes wins in the US. Oh, that's what Lou said. Well, we got electro votes. We got popular votes. We got six votes. We got absentee votes. We got double punch. We got Chad. We got hanging Chad. We got swing and Chad. We got Chad. We weren't Jeremy Clyde. We got Chad Everett. We got Betsy Everett. And then we got Chris Everett. Here's the lady in top it'll be. Hello. Hello. I can't believe I finally got on. I'm surprised I have been trying to get on CNN and the stunner's now on. Anyway, prior to even hearing the term butterfly balance, my son who both knew about the most on these coldly murally afternoon, say that there's going to be a problem. He says it was impossible. Where the dots were, it was fairly confusing. Where the holes were. Where the holes were. Yes. Well, they would be for the holes. It would not. So anyway, he said that people on the outside, I think I voted for the cannon and they were very except. And I honestly feel that the our commission was doing such a good job working so jelly and play to have Mr. Baker called them, Mr. Hussian. Well, because he doesn't like what they're doing because he knows that he's taking the Reconter, his demand can lose. That's true. But there's no, I tell you, I think I've had it because he's a face here with their bad, the Republican Party's really poor sports. And he's got a bad thing. Clinton from the day he stepped into war for definitely remember when Donald was on the press. He started to talk against our president. There's no respect for the president. This is before all this personal matter. And this personal matter, I feel for two and a half years, I just thought it would have a risky matter. And there was absolutely his personal life should not have been considered. I don't can go him nowhere. Well, I think that he did not. He was not a traitor to the United States. That's another reason that Bush better hope in the go win because the Bush does get it. He's going to find a payback's going to be really ugly. I've been asking. I've got a lot to scale up this rattling around. I'm glad someone like you because I'm just tired of every station. I have a couple of things to talk. Shout out, really. Because every station they were bashing Clinton and I really got very upset. I like to hear two sides. Okay. Good luck to us. Thanks. You know, I'll see it's a fan asked Limbaugh and then you got your convicted felons out there. You got the Gordon Litty and I'll ignore it. And that's basically what talk video is being generated into the week. He's here in about the liberal media. Who the hell? Well, what a little bit of push that we got on national radio in this country. Name me one. Oh, that's right. I forgot about Dr. Laura. Oh, sorry. That was just a joke. Not one. This country, the media controlled by a bunch of right wing fashes. They were in this and Fox. I like to know the name of the guy that's on there for like about 8-10 or 11 o'clock in night. He was on last night. This is a guy. A kind of a pasty-looking guy. About 50-ish. Rabbit. Rabbit. A psychotic right wing. They're even the five people must be embarrassed by. Which had say in a lot. Got all of his facts wrong. Don't ever confuse him with any screams and he yells and he carries on. He doesn't have any idea what he's talking about. He was on with some of the historian who was very articulate and very a correct last night in this guy. We just said, man, I've had this. Pulling it the mouth. On your offensive day, don't forget the F and Fox dance for fashes. Then I say F and which dance is something else. 9 minutes after you're 11 at 5. Safety WQ. I've got a lot of things on my head. I got a bunch of book publishers report after night. The 24 years ago. I was at the Henning and Kenny Bunkport main for a P.U.I. That's an accurate story. I'm going out of there. I often concentrate that a page on drank and I did all night. But I made the decision that drinking, I want my girls doing the kind of things I did and I tried to drink and dry. Sisions on me. And though you have probably the people saying that I've run now. Yes, I was. I'm going to drink. There you go. Any beers? To a book. I can't remember. There's just four years ago. My father. Great happy. But then. And that's the course of action I do. And I'm the first to say that people have been around for a long time. Right. No. It's 11.14 at 5.50 WQA and 5.60. 50. How's that pork coming? 107 votes. If I was going to lose the presidential election, the main reason will be. Because of Roth later, 40.37 percent plus. Election fraud 33 at third 30.8 percent. Choosing jewelry women is running May 15 people said that including me. Let's reloading now. One second. We campaigned 13 and mediocre performance in the bait. You know how many people said that to your G.I. 8 percent. So there you are. And the way to house one Chris or is this top of an oxygen? We're still trying to get him up out of bed. Here's the lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. And the gentleman you're referring to is Bill O'Wiley. Oh, it's the one that crazy you're son of a bitch. Great show. He's a real pass-ac. Listen, as far as all this, it is ridiculous. And I think he would be the first one making tons of jokes. At these people moving up the bowels towards the light. I would have already had. As if they're waiting for the light beams to punch a hole for Gore. Yeah. I think that, you know, historically there's been dollar clouds and every election. We have all these screaming people been when it comes to counting people, both then. It didn't happen with Kennedy. Clinton's election tons of dollars were talked away. But I guess it wasn't a big deal because Clinton won. I can't remember. I hope you and Bill O'Wiley have a good life together. She's been serious. Great show. He is 400 yards to the right of the total loan. Even Hitler would be embarrassed. But that is humbling. He doesn't have a load of shit. Yeah, right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he, Yeah, they're waiting for a moon beam to come to the honey. If you want to steal the election, you're going to have to do it by more than 300 votes. I think that's what the essential message is. If you want to steal the election, which almost anybody who would be even honest for a second will tell you that everybody knows Gore want to stay to Florida. But if you want to steal it, do it by more than 300 votes. Silver would be better than that. Maybe like 310. Here's a mobile and four-larodale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Great show, man. Yeah, blow out. Yeah, blow out. You're the couple of things you want to say to you. For one, I don't want you to hit to the airport just yet. Just hang around till we get rid of Jim Cancoboosh. No. I don't know the thing. These Republicans, yeah, who? Why won't they just be American for a before they have your Republicans? All they can do is that. And a black thing, Neil. They're in the bush, man. They can't help themselves. I hear that. Black thing, Neil. You know what son you got to be hearing in the wide out film? And what is that, sir? You know about all of that, David's son. Why don't we all just get stone? Yeah. That's what Jesus has. Yeah, whole friends look at the plans of the wide out. All right. Okay, when we start. Okay, good luck here. A good day, Neil. Okay, good luck. Good day. Bye-bye. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, yeah. That bill of rally. He's a great show. He's a... Ha ha ha ha. Was that even brown that called? Yeah, it sounded like it. Well, speaking of Ava Brown, I get home yesterday. And guess who there was a message from on the phone, George? Sure. A good close personal friend, sure. Oh, we go over there soon. Well, I said that. I swear, yes, sir. I said one of the sales going through. But anyway, she said, oh well, I might say the one you to call him because the $3 going to be doing the shows from much palm, you know, to exploit all the stuff down here. And once they have me on there and the... Here's the number for Mike Disney. I call him back. Oh, no. Even assuming that would be here, which I'm not going to be. But even assuming that. Well, I go on here. First of all, Steve's all as an asshole. That's number one. And Mike Disney? Oh, I don't even get me started with him. Maybe he's still puking in a waste bath. Yeah. See, I don't have a need. I don't have this compulsive need to be on other shows. I have this show. I mean, this crowd that we got out there, you know, you know, see, I just... I just... I'm George. See, you have it out here. We don't do that. We don't play that game. We don't do it. Here's a lower in Miami, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Are you George? Okay. And I'm Bill Wright. You found the call you, like, to call the girl? That bitch, yeah. I think she had the program. And our radians, that's all she does all day. I think she wants to look for the secretary. Of bush that's what I think. Yeah, whatever. Right. We've prepared that. Ladies. Hey, I'm... Let me get you a quick update on... Okay. You were radian the whole mess. Oh, this must be great. It seems now that this is all he best Jewish conspiracy. Oh, wait a minute. There's a bullet in Broward County to proceed with poor man. You were recown. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, I got to see. There's a strange suspicion that this is all of that Jewish conspiracy. It courted in Palm Beach, can't we blow away? That's why they say it's a Jewish thing, right? That's what they're saying. All right, Neil, thank you. Okay, and back to you. See, that's the acumen. That's why George is so anti-Somantic. So we have a full recond ordered a Broward County to proceed with a full man. Or we can, of course, into a clock. Don't have sent that letter to the secretary of bush. And you'll say, I don't think so. So they're proceeding. And if Palm Beach ever gets to ride together, what happened in Palm Beach? They've been courted just like this. Okay, so right now, in fact, the people that were supposed to be doing in here by hand, recounted sitting inside and they're waiting for the spring court to roll. I got used for them. They're going to be waiting for a long time. All right, and we're going to keep these there and also the way hand side of the screen. The country's still there. They're also keeping an eye on that live news conference. We'll expect this to get underway with more emphasis. Okay, there's still a try. There's a little bit of color came in. It was a face so far. They're trying to get enough for color news posts. So they can stand them up straight, pop them up and give them off moving. For one, he's been dead for six years. You got to commend him. He's been doing a pretty good job for dead man. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So Broward is going forward. Palm Beach is going to be going forward. They just don't know when and whether it's the pregnant Chads and the hanging Chads or the swinging Chads or the swinging door. So we've got to leave those two on a course. They've counted there like, we don't want to be bothered because we're busy. Here's Delrey Beach, you'll all. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. I wasn't around when the Kennedy pulled off that crew that they got away with. But I can certainly understand how they ended up with the faith that they had. I mean, you just can't do this type of thing. How they ended up with the faith that they had, what was happening? Well, what happened to all of them? I didn't do it with stealing the election here. I think it might have something to do with Jimmy Hawthorne or stuff like that. I think that's a great idea. You know, all of them, not just as you think it might have something to do with it. Absolutely. Maybe some of those big textures all of their tycoons. Absolutely. The people that they went after that, that they angered. But the way that they took off, that they took power, that they stole it. And then they said they're on a tender. You know, I'm sure they're doing what what was the one of the Kennedy's had to do with this. I don't know. I'm not missing something. Okay. How many years ago? Everybody that is talking about Jeff Bush not getting reelected, I don't think Jeff Bush will be here to be reelected. He's going to be sitting in some God position. I can be see just like Bobby Kennedy was. Yeah. It's like they malle this entire thing after that Kennedy election. And there's no question that he's a one him to be next in line. Sure. And then it's Jeff and then it's Jeffy Jr. If they can erase that thing about him school, that's the broadening. And parking lot of that up in Tallahashi. Yeah. I mean, it's just so odd. Maybe a George P you think you can get him to stop running around like a maniac in front of his ex-year-old friend, town. Right. Kind of down little. It's just so obvious that they targeted Florida. And as you start to peel back the layers, every kind of a new player comes into the picture. You know, they got him set. I mean, like, you know, jab recluse himself recuse himself. Recuse himself. Excuse you. And how can I ask you this? It's somebody brought this up last night that we even say it was a Paul Begala. Even saying nice things about Jebby, which we're shocking. But he gave him high marks for recusing himself because he's obviously got no objectivity. And he says, how come the secretary of Boston do the same thing to see the Bush campaign worker? How the hell could he be objective? Which he can't. Well, the reason Jeb did that so early is because he knew that it would fall to this person. And she was, you know, how do you think? It's just, it's the thing is so transparent to me. And thank God, I just heard that news from you that the crowd's going to recount. Yeah. Like I said, let's drag it off for four years. Okay. Yeah. That's, that secretary of Bush, who the hell are shaking? There's any beliefs she's got. She wants to be the ambassador to something. She don't care where all the Hitler, maybe the monocos, some place like that. You know, money, Carlisle. Yeah, man, maybe a George W. Can the show board is on a map after somebody shows him. Oh, that thing about William Hayg yesterday. That was just the best. He would like, he's here in the country, you'd like to meet with George W. Another arch-conservative. Oh, yeah, that would be great. But who is that? Who, I like to know who that is before I meet with him. Oh, okay. Oh, he's from England. Let's show you what that is on a map. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I know. I just wanted to say a little comment here to all the people who are listening. I kind of cover all the bases. Number one, I'm a registered Republican actually voted for more. Number two, my brother is gay. Number three, my name is Hans. Is gay, he's a dyke. And she doesn't like to fight that Bush's anti-abortion even though she's not. That I have a baby most likely. And a lot of things is how the hell that Bush be so close. And members, more down here, one piece against the gay vote, the black vote, and the women's right vote. Right. I mean, just in the numbers, putting that that up to the point that must be a lawful. It also got a redneck and violent front page out there, which I guess is a little crossover. Well, you know, my only thing could out is that if people believe that this is not a fix or something going on, then they're stupid enough to stupidly believe that Lee Harbiago killed, you know, kind of like, Right. So I imagine that. Well, that's all I got to say, but I have an answer. Okay, and back to you. Bye. How do you like that? And what are you saying he was gay? Oh, he's a 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 8. 6. 6. 8. 8. 8. 7. 7. 7. 6. 7. 7. 7. 5. 6. 7. 7. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. to the central election here in Florida. She has also suggested that to the hand-counting of ballots be suspended during this interim period. We think that the effect of this proposal would be to delay yet again the effort to ascertain the views and the will of the people this state. At the same time, we think there is merit to a notion of moving to resolve the legal disputes more quickly and rejects faster and fair or resolution for all concern. Therefore, we will be responding today to the movement of Harris' petition with our own proposal to speed up the resolution of matter. Instead of sending the cases to a child court here in Tallahassee County, we'll be asking, may spring Florida Florida itself to resolve critical questions. Those questions are first whether the hand-counts now ongoing are appropriate under Florida law and if so, what is the deadline for their complication? Second, what are the standards for determining if a vote has in fact been passed and whether a county-wide hand-count is justified and learned? All of us share in a desire to have a speeding and accurate resolution of these questions. We hope the Secretary Harris and the Bush campaign will join with us and support this proposal to have the spring court of Florida take charge of these questions and bring them to a speeding rapid resolution. Oh, right! We think it offers the best hope for moving the county and Florida to a fair and speed outcome for all. We disagree with Secretary Harris' call to suspend the vote pending, I'm sorry, it's just a statement, the manual county, even breathe and keep in mind the outcome of the litigation. That's the counts that continually believe, but an understanding that the ultimate status will depend upon the decisions reached by the Florida Supreme Court in a rapid and timely way. If the spring court rules against any of these counts, or it clarifies the law in some respects, then appropriate steps can be taken with respect to the hand-counts. And, again, as I indicated, we remain disappointed by the actions of the Secretary of State because we believe that the effective them will be only to the way once again the county or the votes. We hope that the spring court of Florida will take this opportunity to speed the process so that we think the goal of all of us and that just allows us to force their inaccurate count on the votes. Oh, wow, okay, and I'm a mispoke yesterday, come to find out that all seven of the members of the Florida Supreme Court will put it by Democratic Governor's. Let us mention that in passing, Father Pernoi. 28 after 11 at 5.6, he went to the state. But Neil Roger shows, you'll support treaty, you'll line 60, you'll see. 1132 at 5.62, and one Christopher is still just running out again, and he's still speaking, what he said. And there was a good point that was raised by, well, I mean, in reverse, one of the questions. And that is the Republicans didn't turn down those votes when they had recunded for a seminal county to pick up 100 votes up there by 98. And then, Pope County, just arbitrarily said, oh, we're going to do a hand recount. They picked up another 100. The Republicans didn't say, oh, we don't want those votes because that's hand recounting. That's inaccurate. It's very subjective. Any other idea? It's okay, great. Now, if you took away those 198 votes, you know what that would be right now, 102. Those were accurate hand recount, 102. Now, what do you think they would be saying if they were heads by now, in 300 is low test enough, but 102? I think they'd be hidden for the hills. They'd be back to the ranch. There's already mobile and candle, hello. Morning, sir. Yes, man. How you doing? Good. This is first of all, I just want to thank you. I got this after just being a Christopher. We the people can run for our communities. That's me, men the people. That's you, my friends. I thought the other colleagues said about your travel experience, your reviews, and so. I really think that this women should deny it. I just don't understand what Democrats are pushing that. Well, I think maybe they like the fact that she's so obviously partisan, and she has no credibility, maybe that the lens is there to their cause. Yeah, could they, maybe, in all that's the other colleagues, that there's something going on beneath the scenes that we certainly have no doubt. But the scene that's interesting is, I don't know if anyone's talking about this, but the Florida voters voted that the Secretary of State position should be eliminated by the year, two sides. Right, this is the last one, right? She's it. Yeah, voters said that it would just be so, I don't know. The figure here, right. She's about as much of an official as G.A. as W.A. is in fact there are only. But how do you kind of decide is the president of the United States? I mean, the movie. And also, that's then in the guy showed up again. The Illium votes. Yeah, he's one of the sudden to come away. Just like Kendall Coffee now has become a leaving liberal. Now Ben Jitberg is also a right win real. But you know that something we know is he didn't have the Yamacom said to someone if you're not in this section. Yeah. No, you don't. He didn't want to get back to upset. Oh man. Okay, good luck to our side. Bye bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and rise a wireless line. You're following all of us. Anybody keep it in real close to act? Oh, keeping it in some honor to work. It's going to be too late. I'm going to throw a circumstance. If they'd be late, they would be very unreasonable to ask people to stop those great times. And then we do still get to the essential of a midget. I hope not. But the game may be, or you already was a midget, they count as why it's possible and then bring down the curtain. What we've got on this side is you may be you don't want any time to spend money. So, no, that's not true about you. Great to have done that. I did like the secretary say once you get somewhere as a solution by a deadline. And in the beginning, we put it up and we do too. And one of the things that's been in our petition and we're being our petition, the midget critical of the third June. Law, a request to the floor of the Supreme Court to set the reasonable deadline. This is not a matter of weeks. This is a matter of days. We don't think it's a matter of hours. But we do think it's a matter of days. Home beach has done it done in a week. If you had the hand, the various opinions and other actions by the Secretary of State will stop the recount. We'd be a lot closer to having him. That's all right. That's all I've done right here at the time. It's not going to drag on and definitely it will be done in a matter of days. And all we're saying is, let the process continue. Let the vote skip. Are you going to go back to the court? Go back to the court. I'm going to go back here and we're taking two more. I mean, if you go to the court, you can see that I've been able to sit down and negotiate with people. It's saying those things are dangerous. Why you have not been able to, as we figured out here, you're not going to say that under certain conditions, you'll accept an endgame. Why have the two sides? Why have you and Mr. Baker not set down behind those doors? Figure down what the Secretary will to both sides? Then come out and say, that's it. Will accept these jobs? On the end, I think. And a lot of other things, right? It's all right. Thank you. May have some ideas why we've not gotten together when you look at them. The proposal will be submitted to May yesterday. We should limit ourselves to the overseas ballots. Trust the ballots is to minimize five of the cost yesterday. I wasn't in my judgment as serious proposal. And I'm not quite as a start on negotiation on the basis of that time. If you want to pause down to what Baker said, hey, we got to buy 300 votes. And we're pretty damn sure we're going to win the M&T ballots, when those right wing military people can't do vote. And that's it. So disagree with our side. So was it a great surprise? I said, no, I'll be out there. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How's our poll coming? 157 votes. You're not going to lose this election. The main reason will be because of Ralph Nader. 59 votes out of 167. Ralph Nader is number one enemy right here. He was kind of a big election for 51. We campaigned 22. And the two things you'll believe are that this is running way 20. And a media account performance in the debate, 15. But winning so far is that obnoxious pop-marked face piece of turd that Fossil from the Estonian age. Ralph, it's all about me, Nader. I don't even like that. Say it again. You're the son of a bitch. Yeah. And wasn't I sitting here chewing people out and screaming and yelling me for the election? Don't throw your vote away and vote for Nader because every vote for Nader is another vote for GW. And we were thinking like, you know, in Wisconsin and Oregon and Minnesota, maybe in the state of Washington. And it's come to fight out right here in this state of Florida, which is now 300 measly votes apart. That those 98,000 Nader votes over runningly have took the balance in its election. Say it again. You're the son of a bitch. You go back to your butter. 21 till the early 560 WQF. I'll introduce that right now. And theaters now from the producer of Charlie Zangels. It's Charlie. She is angels. Oh, I can't do this without it. You're called like a lie. Yeah, I'm sorry. That's all I'm feeling like a boy who's a boy. Oh, my god. You know what I said, I said to be a... Give me a daddy. Oh, you look so good. You could have you be carrying your face home and a dummy bag. Charlie, she is angels. Three beer for the first five roads. Not playing the land is I'm still giving you a few sisters. Sure, she's a great piece of talent. We'll be going off from the goodies, but it's just a wrinkle. How's that hand job coming along, John? 15 to the last five 60 WQF. Here's the fact that says here's the latest news for her. It all goes bringing back alien to help him kind of votes. In fact, you also have been let's bring back alien to the out-course responsible for the Mecontin and every vote in the aid. Number two, the old Jews were told us to let home number two if they wanted free soup for the early bird dinner and home number three if they wanted to go for out-course. So they pinched the they punch both because they wanted both. And number three, they got confused because the early bird menu has the number of the white they've never seen a butterfly menu. We know something? They might like it if they find out that butterflies are free. Five six, seven, five six, he pound five six on the 18, 10, Verizon wireless line. Everybody's in court. Don't call, try to talk to anybody today because you've set for us over here. Everybody up there in court. Here's Bokin, hello. Hello, Niel. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, listen, what are we going to take to how much longer you think Terry Murray could be around for? I can't take too much more of a conclusion. Well, you're still there, his name is like, maybe it said yesterday, how could anyone still be there? How could the Maurizian, how could tourists still be there? Beats me? All right. I think if those naked pictures are waiting with that bellyguard, I think as long as they got those, they're safe. Yeah, I don't think tourists got his vote high on tight enough. Hey, everybody, you used to play a lot of your elite highlights, and I heard lately, but you don't have to put a picture much more of the Pittsburgh Pendants stuff as a reason why I hear. Because I'm, I'm facing back like I said before on the hockey stuff because there's nobody in the town interested in hockey, so why should I shoot myself on the foot? Or KKT, do we want to say for play a little more Pittsburgh? No. My 6705, 6B, pound five, 60 on the 18, 10, and the Michael Engels, great, he's a friend of mine all over the good stuff, but am I a penguin fan? No, no, San Luis fans. That's why I played elite highlights, and in this in which the old bone is the best in the world. We have any elite highlights, but actually, basically, highlights with Bob Cole from Saturday, but when you blow a three, two, three, two, three, four seconds left and half to set a board pie, it's even I wouldn't play that, so no, I'll pass. 5, 6705, 60, I mean, I'd be glad to talk more hockey, but there's no hockey fan here. There's nobody here. Nobody cares, they don't know. Let's say, one dimensional and all I've talked about, even turn on all the sports shows, is the guy named BCS pool, all these overgrown children. Well, what am I said about this? I've never said that for years college football, poor mentality, and another thing of this championship game is this super as BCS college pool, but all these ratings, basically, I mean, let's face it. When you're playing the Knifes state and you're playing all these girls, schools like Pemple and Hofstra and Vansor and Kombi-Catlatic University, what's all the expect? The fact that they're even rated to her, Cronz is America. All the beat number one and two, yeah, but half of their games are again, girls schools, and how do you compare it and not that it really makes a difference in the first place? Except like I said, for a bunch of overgrown children who want to see their own egos. Oh, yeah, my school's number one. Yeah, but you're still a moron, you know, so what's it, Mr. Mek? Who cares? If they see an in-professional sport, they're easy to make the news to you, but they play what are supposed to be the other professional teams in their league, even though some of them like the Panthers is a question mark on their profession or not. But I mean, that's the way that works. So there is at least some balance. But if college football, you got somebody's schools that they play one or two 13, and they play a bunch of girls schools the right to the year. Thank God there's all those military schools who are loaded in to keep beating. Here's a call from Rochester, hello. I'm fireball working, yes. New year. How you doing, young boy? Okay. I'm sure you're in Rochester for five months. Oh, yeah, up to the next timing, too. I've heard this play, but I'll be listening to you a snowfall next week. Yeah, I heard one of those, it doesn't stop snowing. No, it's correct. So, June, how, what's going on, New year? I'm on New Year. I believe you. Yeah. Well, we should post heavy relations straight not up there anyway. We got problems. Hey, there's no corruption in the state of Florida. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, well, let's never couple of white hats for me and they're good luck here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the on the AT&T and the lines of wireless line out of town line. For Carl's hopefully better than that. Hello, look at this. Here's no, I'm a cat again who's becoming a, getting his own show now. Well, I'm just kind of up picking you on the wall. Oh, hello, I just have been devastated by you calling Hofstra at Girl School. I want to say again, Girl School is like vacer and Hofstra and here's a girl to prove it. Go ahead. Come on, that's far, Hofstra is the Harvard of Hampstead. Yeah, like I said, Girl School is like Harvard, and all of the Ivy League schools. Here's a significance of what Warren Christopher said as compared to what James Baker said. Okay. First and foremost, the Republican Party went to court to stop the hand count. The Democratic Party went to court to ask the Supreme Court to enforce the law, which provides the hand counts. In fact, we've been doing some research. Found out, this is probably the first time anyone has ever gone to court. And these are Republicans who are supposed to be strict constructionists in interpreting the statute. This is the first time anyone's went to court to stop enforcement of the law. Because it turns out the legislative intent of the statute was that we don't want to rely solely on machines in a close election. And because we don't want to rely on machines, the courts have said that we want to rely on what the will and intent of the voters was. And the only way to do that is to provide statute, holy, in the event of machine doubting the two-closed hand recount. So you got it. So what really happens is that the Democrats are going to the Supreme Court and asking the court to enforce the law. And the Republicans in the fact have gone to court and asked the Supreme Court to stop enforcing law. Now what's going on? Do you really think that a two-closed hand court, of course, is all the other stuff going on in a meantime? But you think she's going to have the hoods for the statute won't accept the letters from Brown and Palm Beach that they're going to do the recap. That it's not validations. I think that would be an arbitrary and coercious decision that would be detrimental to the revert back to the Republicans in a horrible way. And I think she'll back off on that. She would be very foolish to do so, especially since the one thing that Democrats and Republicans just agreed on is that we're going to stipulate to the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court together. However, the Supreme Court itself, you know, they get hung up on legalese. They may turn around and decline jurisdiction and say something like, I'm sorry, this has to go through the trial and the tele-collar process before we take it. No. And there's that, there's a possibility. And I'm not going to do that, so I think. I would hope that they did not. I would hope that they automatically presume that this is going to come to them anyway. But just like the federal court and Miami declined jurisdiction of the case saying it was a state issue. It could happen even though everybody is in rush to judgment, particularly the Republicans. Because they just want to say it's over. But I think they're because they're headed, got their 300 votes and let's wrap it up right now. And you're exactly right. That's the way they're looking at it. You need to create that impression that's pushed one. But let me ask you to suppose that all this legal ban because they, the recount and Palm Beach in Brower, the sumi goes ahead. It's going to take many days. You're talking about half a million votes plus and borrowed almost a million Palm Beach. So suppose we get to Friday and by midnight all these overseas ballots will remain to them come in. And they kind of are often in Saturday morning, Grower without any more of this recount going to go to the head by 600 votes. Now at that point, the group people are going to say, okay, let's certify it's all over with. Well that's why that's why it's very significant that the Democratic Party has gone to Supreme Court and asked them to set any appropriate deadlines. They've said that, well, we want to know what the standard should be on what the date should be. They're saying whether any deadline should be set. As you well pointed out, Kappa Harris came up with this two-cock deadline on her own. And even though the state provides for November 17, deadlines, Supreme Court can say, Extenuating circumstances can extend this. Yeah. So you really have an option here of having the Supreme Court make it the cloud of judgment by potentially, you know, tomorrow is the next day outlining what the requirements for all these counties are because I said, Brown County just went ahead and ordered the canvas. Yeah. And what about the day County now that you did go campaign is saying that they may suit the county in order to go ahead and do the hand weekend? That's what they're talking about. But it may become move if the Supreme Court rules against them. If a lot of these counties in the county, how are the Supreme Court rules against them doing recount? Tive that's the law. I don't think they will. That's my whole point. I think that what's happening here is that the Supreme Court is trying to get as a cloud of ruling. That the next Democrats are going to get as the cloud of ruling from the Supreme Court that Handle recounts a lawful and that will allow the day County people and Brown County people to go forward, which they were reticent to do until they got that ruling. So it's what you're seeing is the unfolding of a judicial process in a very speedy mansion. And everybody should be thrilled that so far it's working properly. Oh yeah, we should be thrilled. Yeah. I'm just thrilled with this. Everybody should be. Yeah, I'm nauseated. This better be the last time that the election in the state of Florida is out like this. I want to start making any threats, but I'm just going to say it again. It's better be the last time we do this. Okay. And after you get off the air, there's something I'll talk to you about. Well, I'm trying out right now. Okay. Hang on. Where is it? Oh there we is. Let's do the break. 4 3 0 5 6 6 7 2 a m by heavy board loader down a beastly broadcast group stage. And W 2 a m dot com with a world only in the banana republic. Only in Miami. Hey, I was just trying. Hey, oh. In a box will last with a box where it's fast. It's no less over there. Let me get a mistake. Now I'm mad if I'm bad because I'm tired of a tan. Will you go back to who will the you will or food film? I'm full of kids so toys don't resist. I'll get fed. The system constant. I want you to come soon to food that. And now got a my hot play abby. No, you're like a soup. Me a group for some truth. The grinch gift of kimchi is riled. Give you the gift of shut up. And give up. Open up and eat up. Just try it. So guys, you got to like it. I don't need to be mean. But that's how I can see. Because I am the man who gets the man out there. But I want to be safe. I am the man who gets the man out there. It's my man's the plan. After this, it's important to me. And I am the man who gets the man out there. If I want to, I want to be safe. And I'm mine. Let's just run back to plan. You know, we are not the same. Oh, yeah. You know, who wanted to try to get the most beef. But you guys know, Dr. Stu. He's kicking it straight off. Yeah, kick this. It's a 150, not at 560 WQM. Thanks to our friend Brad Obertony's pizza. I'm a 92nd Northamist, the second Avenue's. That correct. And like that pizza just keeps getting better and better. And it'll every people just keep getting better and better. What do you live in about? And this is no life in matter. Here is a fact, as you influence the beaches far and wide. Go to often in Boto or that's what I said. In Milwaukee, the Mark Hating University student newspaper Tuesday reported that 1704 students have met at least twice. Oh, my. Now, boys got to lead in Wisconsin of what is it? Uh, six, not six thousand votes. So I think we have to worry about 1704 students who go to at least twice. I left it. I left it. I'd like to 50 60 times a piece. Then I might get a little hairy. 560, 0.560 pound five 60 on our AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Nothing going on here. All in there where the Supreme Court up. Not by the Supreme Court. It says, is there no provision under Florida law for a runoff vote? The racist, they statistical tie. And if the vote resolves it, no. No, not in the presidential race. 219 votes on our poll. If Al Gore loses this election, the main reason will be because of Ralph Nader is leading number one. Nader with 77 votes. You're a son of a bitch. In fact, it's reloading. Like I said, Nader with 70, both election fraud 70, we can't pay 29 choosing Jewelry women as is running made 27. Oh, and maybe you're a performance in debates only 20. It's toxic. And the rest, yes, they're there. Oh, if you and Van is at psychos Creek. Suffolsk Creek, lowland and Andrews on the North West corner of the starlight diner. Let me write that down. How am I going to remember that? The starlight diner, we can't even heard of. It must be pretty damn good. They're a good corner of one. Cypress peak road and one. Andrews. And Andrews. That's what they said. I don't like any white people on Andrews. A bit. What happened to me? I'm not a joke. You're a joke. Just a joke. Jesus. Jesus... K CRIGHT. So they're there for no kill to the clock. Jo-KPatilen knows I knew They are a lot m sue mein... and the nephew with our BestEntourashed people and their brothers. C sombers and teachers. Full of pine parents. So what they're doing... parts in cowards. You're a addict to go round. Thank you. Stephen he sister, this is you. cords and... 60. Now everybody is talking about British Right. Russian, gore, Russian, gore, and then you mentioned one little thing kind of in your breath about, Steve's doll is coming to South Florida. Oh my god. Yeah, that's what I said. Oh my god. Oh, she's, I live from a, I spend a lot of time in Chicago and I listen to, you know, I'm in the WCKP, the package. They got how, yeah, that's my Disney station, yeah, that Jack has my Disney. And then, Jonathan Brandmire is pretty good in following him, Steve's doll. It shows so bad that Neil, the word part is he's mean. One time when it is, is people, you know, he's got two people on the show with him. Yeah. All they do is say, oh, yeah, like Steve says, I think I'll wash my shirt today. They go, yeah, that's a good idea. It's like the board, which is a mop into the cornfield, you know, the, you know, the dog, the, the doll is a never was washed up. That's my opinion. I might Disney. Yeah. Well, Steve's a great girl. They're going to come here. Yeah, they're going to be doing a show from my spawn. They were spoiled all the stuff that's going on. It might give me who used to be my boss that I was in many years ago, basically, I want to keep you can in a waste basket. He's, he wanted me to call him so I could arrange to be on with him. Like I need more publicity. I need to be on the air in Chicago with Steve Don, of course, he answered his, oh, my wife. Yeah, but you on the air in Chicago, yeah, absolutely well, then I will help you. Oh, please, I, you know, I don't get, I just don't know why, why do they hate his wife so much. I just don't get. I'd rather hear her 100 times than Steve's all. I don't want to hear her anytime and you have a great day, pal. Oh, God. These talk show groupies. Oh, good. God Almighty. Well, I have Mr. Ego doing it. Whatever happened to it. Yeah. Whatever happened to these followers. He's still dead five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only 18T and Verizon wireless one. Many open lines though for the first time in days. I just mentioned that in passing because I think they're one of the guests. You feel it, but I'm not a guest because this is, I mean, how much more can you say? Although this is a blessing just like the alien thing because what else will we have going on here? Anything else with all? No, just that hockey crap which I'd be glad to talk about, but here cares about it and I don't even know who's who to how they are. They don't know Brian Roy from Katherine Roy. So what's those appointed talking about that? Here's a lady in full waterdale. Hello. Hello? Hello? Yes, man. Hi. It's Farah's all your choices that concern that said voter fraud. Yeah. You're watching this fraudulence. Uh-huh, it's fraudulence. Mm-hmm. Everybody knows a call one and last night when names decide is not to recount the vote. In days, I was so aggravated. Since when, when we know it's going to turn your election towards the court, but they choose not to recount the vote. Be tell how it'll make. Is that so? Is it for you? I don't know why. I didn't mind that to grow people going to court and sue them, they court might order them to go ahead and do it. Well, they better. Because Palm Beach is doing it. And the judge allowed Palm Beach County to his latest professional, not a set their own recount rules. Here, let's keep panning to the left. Here, you can see all of the reporters and the top of the other way. The judge has you to side. If it looks good to you, if it's got a pregnant pause, a pregnant chair, a girl who walks dozens and dozens of reporters and camera crews from all over the nation here, predominantly the East Coast, but a lot from Midwest and actually, Danless Panover. Can you pan over a little bit through here? You see even more of them over here. And they're doing all of their their live reporting. Came this small contained area that is outside the Florida Emergency Operations Center. Other all down in your body. And you'll get a, you'll get a, you'll get a, you'll get a, you'll get a, behind closed doors, under, with a camera, under take the hand by hand, ballot counting. It didn't happen because the canvassing board said, two things. First of all, we don't know how to handle these pregnant and denoted dimples ballots. Where do we know how to handle the hanging Chad, the dislodged Chad, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, emotionally defrosted. We're going to go to court. So they went to a circuit court judge. And the short time ago, he said, besides for yourself, you have a lot of food and the discretion to make up your own. Yeah, who would have you learned? But they're not going to do that because when you're on, while that court hearing was taking place, Bob, they came back out here and they said, we're going to suspend him definitely because the Secretary of State has now filed a petition before the Florida Supreme Court until this case is decided we're not going to make a move. Now all of this is coming amid very serious accusations of voter fraud and allegations of criminality, if proven this is a document that was filed by Republican fair planning. That one of the board members here, however, there's engaged in switching ballots in favor of our war and against governor Bush in the capacity on the camera. And he's engaged in the mutilated and manipulated ballots and destroyed the integrity of the process that she made the way to the island. The server is today claimed filed after Davis in federal court, saying that she has done these things. She didn't sit. It is not true. And that she has done nothing wrong. Now earlier today, I have a chance to talk to the attorney for the Democratic party. His name is Dennis Newman. He had this to say, this is a desperate attempt by the Republicans to throw the focus off the taxpayer and accurate down to the votes here. All of the commission is all of the commission is handled those ballots in the same manner that she did. They had to look at it. How the ballots out looked at them, they passed them around. And I might add, although hundreds of challenges, that 99.9% of them, there was a new unanimous vote by the board. All three agree. Are you saying that the three people who signed up the day that's swearing, under penalty of perpetuate that they observed this manipulation and degradation and switching ballots are lying? Yes. All right. Now what the Republicans are saying that fellow Robert's bias, but there are charges that are flying on both sides, for example. There are Democrats who say the Secretary of State has been harassed by a fellow. No. Getting dropped, can blackwell, who there's the Secretary of State in Ohio, flew down here to try to defend this here as I talked to him earlier. Let's listen. The reality is that we are a country of laws, a district of state of law, two being guided by the law, not by her partisan affiliation. But how can people be sure? Well, one because the law is pretty clear. And we have pushed to interpret the law. And I think that's what the judge did yesterday. You look like an occulton, but a Bush-Chainee spokesman. So that's it. I'm all a brother. Yeah. So our occulton, probably doing it with that walker and a JCWAT. Eight minutes after you know that's five 60 WQM. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, five 60s, two A's and. Oh, why'd I know who, one near action? And as I know who, one near action? Count the votes, count the votes baby, count the votes, count the votes over, count the votes. Count the votes baby, count the votes, count the votes over, count the votes. And let's say this presidential race begins. I've often wondered who the soldier will. Some poverty people went to do their voting, George. So count up all the ballots and one out is gotten more. Those old Bush-Chainee have won the thing in common. Looks like I've got them just G-M-A-R-2. Patrick, you can, and boy. So why'd I know who, one near action? Yes, I'd like to know who, one near action. Count the votes baby, count the votes, count the votes over, count the votes. Count the votes baby, count the votes, count the votes over, count the votes. The final said, your nation started coming in. Then that's all a new expression, gentlemen. Some may repeat for all the gifts of inner punch. They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch. Those old Bush-Chainee have won the thing in common. Looks like I've got them just G-M-R-2. Patrick, you can, and... So why'd I know who, one near action? Then I'd like to know who, one near action. Or why'd I know who, one near action? Yes, I'd like to know who, one near action. Count the votes, count the votes baby, count the votes, count the votes over, count the votes. Count the votes, baby, count the votes, count the votes over, count the votes. A man of Bush, count the votes, a man of Bush, count the votes. A man of Bush, count the votes, a man of Bush, count the votes. Interim, I said, I'd perfectly, in the last six to QAM. It says, in a crucial observation over looking most news stories, but going to the heart of the hand count dispute. Federal judge Donald Middleberg pointed out to the most precise and compelling reason that hand count should go forward. Machine tabulation of Florida's paper ballots typically has an error rate of 5% fire far higher than the miniscule margin by which Bush leads Florida's voting. And on Tuesday, Kerry Lewis Lee, I'm counting judge. Soon to be almost begging those four counties to continue their hand recounts, it's not hard to see why. Here is a rule that's the Secretary of Bush, the cut off ballot by ballot counting, just as voting officials in the Luzia County turned up precisely the sort of error that only a careful human review of election results can reveal. An entire bag of ballots more than 300 of them in the backseat of a polling clerk's car. Even the Luzia County's canvassing board chairman, Michael McDermott, who was until money, has stuck the federal of the machine counts now admit to was wrong. At the same time, ballot elections officials were sorting their way through a possible voting machine error, whose impact could be seismic. 56 have had ballots in the seriously showing no vote for presidential candidates, apparently because in many cases vote count machines could not detect the whole punch only part way through. By pressing the cut off a careful vote count, here is in the Bush team are defying public sentiment according to the new CBS New York Times poll. The poll only two thirds of the public across party lines believe there should be no rush to judgment. There may be another reason for the short circuit at Count B. Shovedown, the sort of reluctant electorate by Harris and the brothers Bush, the forestall exposure of even deeper sleigh tactics. And in fact, hints of GOP's threes were the of the old Chicago data machine are mounting. Already it's been revealed that the public officials in Seminole County solicited hundreds of absentee ballots by Bush that likely required voter ID's, and then completed the ballot from shelves in the fines of a tough state absentee ballot law passed that to my name is fraudulent mayor election 1998. In Palm Beach County, a Republican judge had a recusing saw from yesterday's case because he was overheard in the elevator, promising to clean girls clock. And at the national level, what we know about generals and fox, we know that. How do you like that? Let me read that first sentence again. It's been revealed that the public and official Seminole County solicited hundreds of absentee ballots by Bush voters that likely required voter ID's. Then completed those ballots themselves in the fines of a tough state absentee ballot law passed after my misproject mayor election in 1998. I wonder how many dead people voted by absentee in the Seminole County. Remember that's where they came up with the extra 99 votes for Bush? God, this is disgusting. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, hi. Why is it a LePon woman allowed to keep her job and be a high profile man? Be a decision maker after her. Her job. If you remember the camisine board after that, they're going to elect her. They're going to bring fire up all sparking. I think they're going to keep her on because they'd be afraid of a lawsuit. People on. Yeah, because she could do them for saying of what they deserve. You firing me. Because she in that house, that first daughter is because she screwed up the whole presidential election with a, they, uh, the accepted ballot. Absolutely. They're going to fire the right way. Well, because they want to make sure that she stays on there and does the right thing. Well, they made her an offer. She can't refuse. But she's not. She voted again. So, ready. She voted on the Republican side. And the paper said she's a so-called Democrat. But she's not even voting with Republicans. She's called both. So, it's, it's, they something very, very sick. I don't understand what's wrong with them up there because you think that once the judge told them, he, what used to wrong discretion that they be counting frantically right now because if two o'clock comes, you know what I'm saying? It's supposed to be counting thousands of ballots by then. And if they wind up, you know, with a significant number of additional votes or go by two o'clock, that would put more pressure on the secretary of Bush. You see what I'm saying? You know what they can look even worse. It's just, well, I'm not going to accept the Brown and Palm Beach. That's a basic common sense. Right. So, I have to figure that there's something, uh, a Republican, uh, something is stopping this. I don't know what that is. Well, maybe somebody gave him an offer that can't refuse. And I asked you this too, uh, Global warming, this issue is going on. I was, uh, to hate, uh, in the Netherlands and, and you are normally would be, uh, uh, challenged to do their part, to simply contribute to 36% of this global warming with our pollution. Mm-hmm. Well, now we're going to contract with this, uh, election, uh, that wouldn't work, probably not, it's, kind of even to get part of that. And that is gravely serious to this planet. Yeah. Well, tell George W. about it. He's a Republican, uh, a Republican. Yeah. He gets to end up the anti-Christ. Yeah. I really think this is, this is, well, I want to get to an every city in America and look just like Houston. And why don't people care about that? Because they've done. Um, thank you, New York. Have a great day. They care about it. The environment wouldn't be in the state that it's in right now. They care about these things. But we don't care about that. It's just about nature because we got, God, we got Jesus. We got Moses. We got Julie women. We got all those bubble micees. So they all talk a good game, but they don't give a crap about the planet and the Botany environment and all these things. This is their senses. Nothing. Oh, that's right. That's right. That's right. We got another one up there when we go to heaven. And we say, oh, God, you're good. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. This is the appetizer. Right. Well, it must be really crowded up there in that cockroach having, you know? They're at a mosaic. Let's have a move there. 5, 5, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18, 20, rise in my wrist line. You know about the Polish people, don't you? Let the loser. Oh, I can't stand it. I can't take it anymore. I'm here to tell you right now. Can't stand anymore. This is the biggest part. The biggest you're right. And then the propaganda machine from both sides is in full swing now because America is the best in the brightest. Yeah, right. America's a joke. This country's a joke. We got technology. We got people listening to me on the internet all over the guy they were right now. We can do any bad thing we want. We can send men in outer space. We can even crush it toilet here on like it answered in. We can make it flush and they'll go away. Right away. But can we do an election? No. No. We're using our care crap from the before George Washington was an embryo. In burasing stuff. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Come on. Cook on the creek. Yes sir. I'm not on a mobile. Here's a stationery. Yeah, you got it. Yeah, I love you, shit. That's like, it is like some of your stuff. The panic. Yeah, you know, aside from the Americans not playing in the party, the start is division in college football. They play one last game and all the teams competing for the national team. Are you picking on the who are clues now sir? Are you kidding me? The fact that they play 18 rule schools every year. They play 18. And then they only have to win the one cupcake. And then would they, or they play me all the time? I don't want to talk about a call pain. 560, 560, 560, 560, 1060. Sir, we can summon all of our food. Do respect after waste a lot of time. Oh, okay. In blow. Amen. Yeah, but they're going to be number one baby. They're going to be number eight. And then suppose they are. Well, then what? Then what? The college football, poor mentality. Man, this is pathetic. This is America. This is the sports nerves. My school is number one. And like I remember there, I took that whole home. And he actually went to UN. You're on many people in Hawaiians. What to UN? Yeah, yeah. And I think that was an exaggeration. Because I don't think most people are going to UN. Can count all the way up to. Yeah, I know. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 182. And who lives in one was one. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello, Bill. Yes sir. That's right. We can't talk to him. We can't talk to him. We can't talk to him. We can't talk to him. But he was talking about. So he was talking about. I wouldn't want to win. Two days ago. Yeah, he wouldn't want to win. He wasn't. He wasn't. He won by half of both. He'll take it in so much bush. It was. It was. He was. Yeah. You know he was lying. And how about bush? What about the bush? No, no, how about him? What about him? 560, 560, 560. He's a bush like this. He's like, you know, they got to be a just as dumb. And that's not my loser can't. There's done as they want to do. Remember that? I don't know. I don't know. Here's a Hollywood. Yes sir. Okay. Big boy. You haven't Hollywood. Told you about a week or so ago. And maybe about two weeks ago. And I told you that I was. You. You give it to the sense. But I told you. But the crap. Okay. You know what? You play some song with this. Where the film like. That's your thing. Oh yeah. Yeah. I told you. Actually. Yeah. I'm going to call him. Why are you talking about your equal opportunity. You're a fun. We're so. I'm not poking fun. I'm just being honest. And that is a lot of the black people. All the old Jews that voted in this election don't know their answer. My album. That's what's. That's what we have such a problem. I mean, I admit the ballots are confusing. But for crying out loud, what it's something is important is there's a sticking the right whole man. That's the way. I mean, the trend is the limit of ability to calculate that you people are got. So sticking the right whole. Well, what let me just say that first of all, I got to give you your crox man. I mean, in other words, I think the because you stood the message out about how important this voting was. Yeah. And why these jerks about the vote go out later. A vote for native people from Goa on the bridge. Was the answer to the reaction? We were the same thing going on with other. Other as really a host of the country also, the national drive. I really pity that there were more African Americans. The purpose is the selection that ever in the history of this country. That is correct. And if they suddenly would just told them I was still going to put it down. I really wish we hadn't had a little more time to get the structure down. But if we pick it up. That's true. But I was like, is this? Use your weapon, those have other things. I don't think the representatives expected that got either way. I think what happened was when they finally found out that the racist so court is we all need the police told who you're doing even. And they were very sure that the expected, I did even race. It was nothing new. It shouldn't be a surprise anybody. What they're about is that I think they found that Benny was willing to pop. And that's what he wanted to stop the votes. And he was telling the votes right now. So it's expected when in Coal for years. Of course it does. Right. He had been so certain that the all goes not going to be out. And that they've got this. One of them is just what the guys call for a thing out. Can't be oversteer that they've got to be balanced. And they think this is just over. And surely he's just still dead. I mean, I was told that it's a portion of food. You have to go pick some votes. And they can only reach out for those. So I mean, the total of the portion of the food. That's right. But you have to stay in Graded that you like. So what would they have to do? They have to do it. Why? What you can see is really a person's government. You're going to do it. And this whole thing comes on the father. The father of Christ of the Good One. A kid was back in 92. Right. Eight years ago. They were back in a lot of keys back. They were busy. They're fixing up a bit for very, very young. That's what they were. But why not give it a month? There you go. That's what they were about to do. And the final thing to remember is that it's starting to do the ugly now. Which happened there where they were with the Republican star that you were recording. Yeah. This thing is going to get so ugly. One of the things they have on either one. They may have to just completely make a decision. They are balanced water. And the solar system will be a real potential. Or if we were at least half the less, even half a pound each. We both, we both. We both. We both. But it's probably. Well, I'd say I have another statewide election. I'll tell you about time. Okay, brother. Hang in there. Tellers of brothers were to stick it. Twenty seven, half year, no one had five, sixty, WDQ had to. What's your name? I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. I was born. Just there. Go ahead. Okay. We're up to the 18T. Like I said, we do have a New Halloween plan. Like a simple fire calming. You should find the old. If you don't mind me asking. What? Hello? Please. You don't mind me. I'm on the toilet. Well, I'm talking to you. Okay. I'm looking. Okay. I like this. Okay. I like this. Okay. What's your question again? What kind of lunch is it? Hello. You're hot. We must use 18T. Okay. So it would be a better time for me to call. Okay. Okay. What? What's up? Better time for me to call her back. No. You got to talk to me because I had the phone here in the bathroom and I don't want to get up and hang it up. So keep talking to me. Tell me more about your deals. Okay. So you say, you think you're with the 28T? Okay. Your DMT is a sprint. What? What? So you could see with M.C.I. a sprint or ATAC. Something like that. I thought I'd do that. Okay. Do you know what kind of way to come and get in? Oh. Hello. Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it? I think you can do that one more time. Oh, I'm making a poopy. You make a poopy? Okay. Hello? That's M.C. So've a skim. Yeah. How are you? You look like a freeloamer. You look like a shave-b. Me. You look like sheep, Vere. You're seen from me? Yeah, yes, you're aiste. Oh, maybe? I'm a TRAIGHT RET rocking from a rock headed dude. Yeah yeah. There would be the man I'm sorry. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. I've been out of town for a couple of days. So I haven't really listened to your show. Have you said anything about Jesse Jackson or have you given us any idea of why he is in town? What do you want his employees in town to exploit the situation? That's what he's all about. You know what he reminds me of Neil? He reminds me of my dog when I walk him in my yard. He walks around and smells of other dogs. Yeah. I definitely not helping the situation. He's only making it work. That's all I have to say. Okay. Thanks so much. You see any impact at all by him one way or the other? I don't. No. No. The thanks for a much for your recommendation. Put him goes to most of the more. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Gary Farmer who's a someplace of security. What's the most important thing on the planet? Some people have identified a place of support. No. I certainly do not want to get some franchise. I've been a part of the Polish county. That's never been on attention. In fact, our attention has been to ensure that certain borders of Polish county are not different franchise. So if we are faced with the situation of no revote, your choices are go home or on co-inout all the boats in Polish county, we will go home. We do not speak to get all the boats of Polish county growing out. Yeah. You can make more than half of the homes in the mountains. No. You know, again, he's in such a tough position. And I think both sides made valid points in our argument. And I think Charles will borrow, Charles will borrow the really passionate, fair compromise. The problem as I've established at the I was today from the, you know, Goalers was that they don't want these payment chads out to just be absolutely not counted. They just want them to be reviewed. And I understand the process because I was a manual recap. You've got one that a fact and one Republican looking at the ballot has been held up. And so if those people with one Democrat and one Republican agree that there's an indication of a definite choice on that ballot, the thought should be counted. There you go, amen. Here's a, www.countergoot.org. This side is calling for a massive demonstration. This Saturday around the country for a democratic presidential election. It planted 144 cities in the scoring like crazy and the idea of it. So if you want to work it involved in that, you want to look at it. www.countergoot.org. Or come, sorry. Countercool.com.org. Will you get it right? Well, amen. Or one. www.countercool.co.uk. Got a countercool.org as an orgie. Thank you. Here's a lady in Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, man. How are you doing? Kinda silly and not you luck there to yourself. See him here next to you. Lookable member of 944 warepiece zone. Lee's a lot is in person but the peace of here. In a state where can perhaps seek to capture that bait. I've read this. But let's look at it to your point. What's that slide up here. Lovely, frustrating. My favorite characters and reinforcements are those of the test cleanest places that you'll watch for years. I could just that native is the entire cause of this net. He's the children of the world. He's a human. He's a human. He's a human. I'm a Christian. And I think that we should all get together. Power and feather this air cloud. Yeah. Run and all. I'm a never-ending. I'm a vegan. Okay. So I think we work on it over the weekend. There's another project for FUDUCountercoo.org. FUDUC Finish with that demonstration. FUDUG. We're a real road Jesse Jackson. One of those facts is Chicago. We're going to get a Ralph Nader, pardon feather. Back, never that duck that was running around yesterday morning in the building. I think that was Ralph Nader. Yeah. We're like him. Yeah. Fossil and a duck suit we had running around. Fusil thought it was your dream. We'll enter it out to be Ralph Nader. He had a Corvelle fanbell stuck around his ex. He's like, oh, man. Twenty two before one at five, sixty double your QAM is the big goes on. And there, but I don't know about you, but I can't unless there's something profound that comes down. I just can't listen to much more than that. Can you go? I can't. I mean, it's reached the point now, but there's so many plaintiffs and so many attorneys and so many lawsuits. I don't even know who that was talking to. I mean, this guy's very articulating statistics that I like because actually he's on the gross side. So I like it and the Bush people don't like it. But who the hell is he? Gary Farmer. What if he's kind of fanny? Ever have fanny, farmer can you? Yes. Oh, okay. But for a long time. No good driver. Hmm. Although good night is a little price. And there's nothing worse than when you get like a box of good habits, chocolate and you pick what like on a plane, something's some airline. So if you get a habit, chocolate's for dessert, like a business or first client, and they put the thing in front of you. And I do the solid time and it's not easy to get a diet, it's cheaper chocolates. And you pick one out because you're, it's bigger than the other ones. And you're only giving one. They'll slap your hand if you try to take more on them. And you pick that coconut. Oh, yeah. I hate coconut or the pink stuff. Yeah. Jeez. I hate that thing stuff. The Neil Roger show. The sports radio. 560s. Two, a half. Holy makin' on. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Here they go. Do the pole. In their mercuraries, walkers and kings to catch their boat. It's too hard to see. That's what some are complaining. There's too many holes. Do that punch it or not. Look at this ballad. It's all like the toxic part of all the confusion. And this butterfly palette. There you do it in. It's got everybody's eyes, draw a triangle boat. It's all the back in and out of control. The balance is lost. They can't find the boat. Where does the pilot go? Nobody knows. It's hard to hold a TV. It's hard to hold a TV. The poles are closed. Let's go home. To watch net where TV for returns on the final result. They say it's good. Wait. Not anymore. Now they say it's good. We've been up all night and tired. Still don't see my eyes. Got some balance. We're done. Inside somebody's trunk. Thank everybody. And Florida, who voted for Governor Jazz. It should be very clear. What happens down here? Give one's Georgie to win. But they're counting again. And that's how it's done. In Florida. And that's the division they'll do. And that's the legend for a rough. Now, everybody around the world knows that far it is loaded with all the wrong homes. And America's friends is the land of the Swapin' Den. It's Florida, Florida. There's Florida, Florida. It's Florida. It's not home. It's just around our home. It's just you. It has a baby. It's Florida. And you remember your relationship. I already know. It's already in. Turn out. Yes, sir, sweetheart. It's 1245 at 5.6. You two p.m. That line cannot afford a county's digestive. I hand-recon. I want you to stop and think how ridiculous this is. They have to throw a clock to justify the hand-recon. But in the meantime, the Secretary of Bush, she's in court in a Supreme Court. And the Bush people just joined her suit, by the way. They joined her lawsuit to try to stop the manual recounting of votes. And yet she's put herself in a position where at 2 o'clock, she's going to have to justify these issues. She's going to have to agree with these letters to justify the hand-recon, which are now involved in Palm Beach. What do you say about that? The Fox starting the chicken coop. I mean, the legal nation's going on right now. I just unbelievable. They're incredible. Here's a mobile-in-for-a-laterdale home. Okay. I don't know if you have a father. But I want somebody missing on yourself. That if the ballot was not completely filled out, that it was filled out. That's not true. That's not true. No. Okay. I wasn't sure I'd never heard any follow-up, but I didn't know it was normal to have a dismissal. Not true. The ballot is whatever you fill out, those races you're ballot counts. But then, as far as the presidential elections can see, they put those in the under vote pile, and they have to check those out if the recount goes on. Okay. That's all I wanted to know. Okay. You bet. You get $500,000, $100,000, $500, $600 on the AT&T. It's $500 or $900,000. Still have people show up thinking that there's some that's free there. Let me say again, there's nothing free at the starlight diner. Okay. Including Joe Coshdale, including on the fuel, including lunch, there's nothing free up there. I told you, Cyprus Creek road and Andrews, not too far from when more. You know what I'm saying? All right. Here's the idea. I didn't give it away. What are we so free? Let's go there and then die. The answer is no. Isn't that interesting? There are a lot of the same people who couldn't find the which hold a punch on the Lushid Bay. They can smell out of free anything from 100 miles away. Anything. And then you get there like the exact place. Anything else they're driving around, they're lost. They're even in an out and funny and traffic. But if there's something free or an early bird going on, they're there like as punctual as the day is long. We have nothing for free for you, Yentos, go away. We're taking donations for plant-parerhood and exchange for the best of meal CDs and cassette and t-shirt and... This is what you guys are in the search. And those great best in the all key chains. We don't want any shenorers in there. The order reminds me of low way back when I was still a K-T-1977. It's a long story how I got involved in that health food store I had over there in San Suci. 23 years ago. And I'm going to tell you something. Heinrich Kimber would've been proud. I got bottles of vitamins and I all the stuff that they're doing tonight. Terrible area. And they'd come in and even when I was going out of business sale. Because of those cheap bad things in there, we had to want to go out of business. I'd go out of business sale. I had to stuff mark that I'm like 40 and 60 percent. They come and pick up a bottle and the price of course is like a little price that I can pop a very bottle and they're wish one. I think that make it cheaper. Yeah, and when you're wish so, wish so why you're jerk. I'm not wish so not good because we just had lunch. Yeah, it's not good. But anyway, that's what it would be like. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi. Yes, I just want your opinion on what the solution for this kidney essence. I want the solution is. Yeah. To solve the whole problem. Right. Here you go. I don't know. I have no idea. I would've gave my solution. I said leave butter in there. I'll let the four years and keep these two one-cats out. That's my solution. They both suck. Five, six, seven, five, six people. She's not there again. She's a physician and they have made much of credit for it. Yeah, I was at pictures on it again in Secretary of Bush. They've made much of it because she's a guy there. Part is in bitch. Everybody knows that. She's a Coca-Cola, a campaign chairman for Bush and a state of Florida. She's a self-employed, big theater. And she's petitioned. She's a faint court. She's a spend-a-manual root count. She's been joined by her partners in crime, the Bush campaign, in that petition that she's a clean court. And yet an hour and a minute from now, she's going to let take a look at the letters from Browden Palm Beach. And she's going to decide. Whether they have valid reason to go ahead with a big count. Tell you like that. But I hope Hank has keep a track of that because they know he's the one person in our sports staff on his radio station. He's got enough common sense that he'll keep his eye on that. And when the ruling comes down, we'll have it on here. Because I think a lot of us will like to know. And you're certainly not going to hear it on the new station in this market now. That's a new station like my little dog is a brain surgeon. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. It's right to come on out to that diner of yours all the gents of. Hmm. Oh, I'm a gross supporter and a voter for the letter to the two we vote. But it looks like at this point, it's just winding and waiting to get the outcome they want. Yeah. You know, I mean, what do you think about that? No, I don't believe that. I think that I think, you could say that about both sides. The Bush people now are frantic to stop the weekend because they're afraid they're going to find 10 more votes for Gore and on the other side, yeah, it could be said that they're trying to get a number that they want. You know, I'm going to have to be balanced. I'll be in the way now. Well, you know, and all of a sudden last night they said there were 18,000. The first day we're standing was 2300. Now, was 18,000 overseas ballots, which about 9,000, I guess, have already come in. So they're like maybe 9,000. So if we get about 7,000 old Jews to go from Israel, I think we might be in. Okay, but what do they have this counted by Friday? My Friday of midnight, it has to be postpart marked by Friday of midnight in the May of the count of 30 morning. Okay. And what about in Palm Beach? What do you have to go in the early and said you want to do something in Palm Beach? A re-builder? Well, they're not going to have any re-boats. But then they're not even recounting right now. They're waiting until those big, I mean, the second day of Bush, until the clock gets there literally, both bowed in Palm Beach, or sent the letter to her to justify the reason for their recounts. And she's our material that they're going to make a decision, but you can go ahead or not. Okay, I've got three solutions. Yes, I'm sure. They shouldn't be complaining about the Palm Beach's out, because they approve it prior to election. Hey, does that make any difference that's a technicality? If it's illegal, it doesn't make any difference that they made a mistake. You can't play it until I lay down on the voters. The voters have a right to have their vote counted. Well, I can't have. But the voters thought there should be a little more skills in reflecting out the right number and looking at it after they punched the... Well, I got news for, if you were to see the ballot, you would be saying that's so carefully. What? Okay, point number two is there's so much chaos in all these fleets and the advocated of the forward. A hundred and ten. A hundred and ten. I mean, get some young people in there. Right. And you know, you know, how could they could do that if they made election day in National holiday? They would even take a year in the holiday. They'd just have an easy old retirees in there who's average ages 255. And then we can get some leave it. It's just like the people at Palm Beach said, we're looking at these ballots, you see some of them. They're holding the ballot up to the light and they can't even see the ballot. They've got to be a number two. They've got to go see the ballot. They've got to be a big take of classes on every day. Right. But if the election day is a national holiday, you don't have people jamming in there. Two hours before working, two hours after we'll find you get to vote. Amen. All right. Have a good day. God bless you, Saul. Good luck I said. Damn God bless you, Saul. I'm getting a headache from it. I feel I can't stand it. Let's talk cocky. What are you saying? No. 560. What's the fuck about alien? What do you say? Alien, alien, alien, come out for all the alien bits together. Bring him back. God, that was a lot of fun. That would be good. Poor question George. Which was more fun. You're watching recount or the alien. Oh, this is way more fun. Yeah. No, no, thanks. I'm trying to say no. That was more fun. There was more. Yeah, more of those. You know, this is nationwide. Everybody's interested. But at least candle copies back. Here's okay. Hello. Boca. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm not a chronic. I called a few years ago. That's too far. It's just given on a bill. Let's open Boca. But this calls are non-reconvote. Call about. About. Say it. A non-reconvote about. They're just called about. They're just came back and had a good time at the monkey column. Uh-huh. But, um, everything was constantly refining the local couple of bucks. So when we left there, we got to build for $272 for our phone. And we were never told about what the charges would be. And my company in the statement was joining them. Got to go for back to $278. And then wouldn't confident wouldn't take it off the court. We'll run $10 a piece. Yeah. Well, I'll pay you a call, passion line. $567. Yes. So they'll try 40. Then can you said that it was for donations for Center 1. Yeah. Naturally, you're assuming that they can come in and donate a dollar. And get the CD. So that's the new thing. Let me say it again. It's 20 bucks because this is the way we do it. We've never encountered this and know you guys should not have picked the areas, baby. Why don't you go to win more next? That would be good. And then you can go to cemetery village. Yeah. And you can, you know, control those probases. You've loaded through the cannon. If there's still a lot of them, often sells yet. If they haven't pulled the plug. 20 bucks for the keychain. 20 bucks for the cassette or the CD. 20 bucks for the tissue. It's one standard price. No package for charity. It's your plant-parative Palm Beach and Broward. So for 20, I can get anything that wants to happen. But 20 and 50 are your all the enters stay away from our people. Okay, stay away. You're polluting our environment up there. God. That's a style I've done in a corner of Cyprus Creek Road. And then, let's get some people on the edge of 100 up there. We'll understand what it's all about. And I want to get the best of the new stuff. Yeah. So are your old parts? Are you free loaders? Are you walking good boards for anti-sempline? There's a mobile and Northmany beach, hello. Hey, how long are they going to be there to have to serve like a 2NPM? 2NPM? 2NPM. Okay. You want to get some free? I'm sorry. A little while ago, we'll be calling up and say, our Ralph's native should be run out of time. I'm excited, please. Do you agree with us? Yes. Do you think Ralph's native, do you think he's called all this? He won 98,000 votes in Florida, sir. If he won the banana, go over to one of the hands down. We can go over now. We can be talking about Ali on again. But she said he should be running out of time. She should be taking out so that we win. We win. Taking out to the woods. She said, taking out to the woods, sir. That's right. Even that was the German Institute of the June. I mean, that's not a cool thing. She didn't say the kelom. She just said, take it out to the woods. You get no care of the way. I think I've done all the time. I think I've done so. I don't know. I think he's Ralph made a once to run. If anybody wants to run, and yeah, well, if I see him, I know something the way she was talking. He better start running out. Tell you that. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Since he'd up there, I give him a submonio. Okay, pal and quick they're getting all serious on his ear. Oh, she said he should be. Don't worry about her. She couldn't step out of fly that old bitch. 430, 560, WCWM, by heavy 4-laradale, a beastly broadcast group station. WCWM.com, when the world is so under-do-hours. WCWM. WCWM. Hey, I'm actually the story of a girl who's got to dance in the room of the world. And while her butt was fine, it's look like mine because it was kind of hairy. And that's cool. That's cool. How many years on our rear? It's certainly more than a nine in the years. And I'm gonna see those in the ear. It's look like a sheep that's had to dance here. See that on that fly tube, Bonta. Where we get round on the round of her sheep. We need a racer with clear, four-place chimps to the hairy and three. Running at our hatches, see if that's me. And then we're gonna wrap with no money, my way. We're on the butt of the promo, and they don't care. This is the story of a girl who's got to dance in the room of the world. And while her butt was fine, it's look like mine because it was kind of hairy. And that's cool. And that's cool. And that's cool. Yeah. What I wanted five to do, you definitely can answer the judge's colleague to the conceptual orders and call whatever they want, but then I can't until after two o'clock and he's who what goes on. How is counting there right now? They decided to go ahead with the recount. And what's your name? The secretary of Bush. He just weighed another fifty minutes and then she's gonna say, oh, all year. We won. Even the, I'm the answer, she probably comes and makes a statement like that. We just declare we won, forget the action he develops and so we're goodbye. And that's it. Have a nice day. We still have feelings clear. Here's Janet says, we just spoke with somebody in Connecticut. We got the election, we'll use the people and produce it. We can't say we can't devote it. I'll ever long it takes to get the real winner. That's what the people around the rest of the country are saying. If it takes to the health reasons over. In fact, with these two candidates, that's how long we hope it takes. Here's a great facts from Bill. He said, well, I want to my Southwest County date polling place. I got the shaft like he wouldn't believe. When I got a farmed line to receive my battle, I was spoken to as usual in Espan. You'll have it lived in Miami, my entire life. I understand most of what it said to me, but my response is I'm an English, especially considering something so important. After the gentleman finally found my very angry name on the rules, I was given a pencil to sign my name on the dotted line. I found the strange, but if my battle proceeded the next line away to vote, after lacking my chads and finding the correct girl hole, I walked over the ladies ten next to the ballot box. I handed to my card and she said, he keep thinking, wiki, well, I probably got my bow, and I said, excuse me, he keep thinking, wiki, poor one, she points to us, or they should apparently be some officials initials. She pointed at the first table, I got my blind balance. I realized that the clerk at the table was supposed to initial the ballot when it was given to me. I walked back over the clerk at the first table, sure to my ballot, drawing his attention to the blind line was initial should be. This is where it gets weird. He stood up to my ballot and said, let me check. Turned around to a table behind him, put my ballot down next to a few waters. When he turned back around a couple of seconds later, I wasn't sure that was my ballot who was initially in giving back to me. When I asked to see the ballot book again to check my numbers, I would throw the one five loaded I couldn't go back to the area. I had to go back over to Picky Rookie, but to give a my initial ballot, she threw up the stub, gave it back to me and told me to drop it in the box. I could throw I dropped some bogus bush points in that box and my ballot was probably used as rolling paper for a freaking Cuban cigar. That's what bill says. How do you like that? Oh! God. Okay, what we going here is a mobile in Bokin, hello. Yes sir. God. I got a solution to this lecture, Robert. Okay. Okay. It's got the report, professor. Robert Hamilton and Bert? Yeah. It's from the label. Yeah. There you go. And the best part of the package. The reason won't be allowed to pitch about the law. Okay. Thanks. 5605060, pound 560 on the 18th. I almost had guessed it at the 4th of the show today. That's what we wouldn't say on that. Is that anyway? Here's a poppin'o. Hello. Yeah. My grandma wants to know if the QAM then come over to pop a mix at the beginning. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Yeah. If your grandmother had not put them on a business. You know, there's one that has been gone. If you can borrow some of that silver, where she's still. Alright, damn. That's the first one. There's one that's been, that's kind of far away from nobody's brought up. And that is when you go to the Holy Booth. They have the temperature turned way, way down, which I'm just from personal experience that you know, make it sad, right? Uh-huh. Nobody's taken out of it. Yeah, that's another one. Shrunk in chads and swole in chads. Yeah. Where's the, where's the secretary of space then on there? She's got her nose in it. And then clothing, they're chads and paddies. Ha ha ha ha ha. Not bad. Not bad at all. 960 out of the van. 960 at the van. We got another almost an hour to go. Not bad. We'll do way over 1000 out there. The QAM van is at the Sterlite diner. Corner Cyprus Creek Road and Andrews. And they got all the best of the stuff. And if you're a cheap kid, if you're looking for free stuff, stay in a hell of a way because they'll kick the living crap out of you. The nephew will be you as senseless. He'll carry you even telling you where you will be here to face the charges. So I'll mess with the guys at the QAM van. Okay. That's for you. God. Here's a lady in North Waterdale. Hello. Yes. The last question I guess his name is Jack from Baga. And Jack from Baga. Jack from Baga. Well, Baga. I think it's a, I think I've got a task. But anyway, he's also on a point that he's a Republican judge. Yeah. They say he's quite fair. Good. I hope he is. But how come she's naturally a Republican? Why can't I, why can't I think for a picture to refuse yourself? Beats me. I mean, if they want to. I mean, I mean, if the judge did it and if Bobby Butterworth did it, who's the Attorney General and the chairman of the, the girlfriend president and the state of Florida campaign, and both of them did it. Why didn't she want to be posted to it? I mean, this is really not a fruit. And then there responses Republican music. Oh, she's an elected official. Well, so is the governor of the time I checked. So is the Attorney General of the time I checked. But they refused themselves because of the obvious that they were a part of the campaign. And so we she had the status. Please don't understand. She's the henchmen. She had the step aside to make it look good. And now she's the Bush in writing. She's the next one in another succession. Wow. Hi, the radically if she says that she will make and goes along with what she wants to do. What is the next step? Then they have to go to the Supreme Court in the field. But they're good news is keeping mind. They're all seven justice on the Florida Supreme Court. We're pointed by Democratic governors. Yeah, that's the only issue of the whole. Thank you. Everybody's being published. Except for the Supreme Court. Yeah, and the high price is a naturally. This is what's happening. Well, I thank you. I just wanted to let it go. Well, maybe we can put her on that same way over the last night or by the both out of town. Well, you and we are what happened with the people that were happening being sent to where the block people. Sure. Absolutely. I watched fair hours of, um, she's been. And my eye was closed. I couldn't stop it with on Sunday. It was unbelievable. I mean, it was terrible. We sent that country back 75 years or something to these people. And it published the attendants set up back another 75 years. I really, it was horrible. And we should be ashamed of ourselves this week. I'm from various time I believe the country had a great day, sweetheart. Five six. I wanted to ask you to judge the Republican judge in Palm Beach. He just reached the board and he ain't done her eye lashes. Killed Roberts. I think he ain't took a long. He said, well, it was like a chat. It was her two eye lashes. That's okay. She's looked up. Fifteen hundred left. She said, one for each number of the address of the White House. Five six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty. What am I talking about? Like I said, I'm so upset. I might leave the country. I'm just a best of Neil Rogers. Two thousand. Just come with me to your new yard. To your end.com on the net. The best of me. Two thousand with ladies like so Paul Jones. You got a new nose. That's not a nice name. And who could forget the Neil Rogers keychain with great sound of them. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd be a magic. That's the magic. One. The entire glass. So that's the Neil Rogers 2000. From Fort Tradiophile to QAN. Florida sucks. As if I had my half-year-old, you'd get cold. I'd get drunk though. Then no much tears, Lord. All that could change. Rotties to praise. It's like it's not because we're made. There you go, sir. Yes. That's why, Joel. Always for each episode, they so, sir. That's James. He bought a tea. He would tell the baby about you. And that's how he did. He was born into money. But he's so sad and dumb. He was born into money. But he's so sad and dumb. He's sad and dumb. He's sad and dumb. I was meant to fuck him. Right back in the coffee, he's a solid baby. He's a solid baby. Let's get a drink. And both of them break. And they don't have a chance. That's the reason. Or kill the baby. He has no baby. He's a tough baby. I bought my tea. He said, no, hold him. I said, hold him. I told you. I have no. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. I told you. One 14 is 36. I just came up with a great idea for a constitutional amendment. That prohibits families from having more than one per. One president for a family, please. Yeah. I mean, we already had one father and son, Dewell. John Adams and John Quincy Adams. And I think that was enough. But you think that was enough? Oh, yeah. 560 pump and how about I was at her Hamilton? Oh he didn't make it. Damn it. That's only reason John Quincy hadn't got any. Do understand it. But I'm not going to pursue that any further. Where are we going? Let's go to Hollywood. Yes sir. Okay. First I want to say how family of a Palm Beach they will go to for outgoer. No thing. Well, they didn't seem to have any problem. I have my mother who's elderly. I have my mother more. Yes, it's lady. I have my brother-in-law and sister-in-law who are young. And nobody had a problem with it. They've used the balance before. The other question I have, your opinion on this hand count nonsense, which I think is nonsense the way it's being done. I have no problem with hand count, but it wouldn't be wider than the hand count being tired of state. That's why I said to begin to show of course because otherwise it's perjudicial. You bet. The problem being that number one, the birth people were too stupid to file for hand counts within the 72 hours of the Russian. And number two, because of the fact that he beat me, he opposing hand counts and even going to court and out of stop them, how could they come out now and say, oh well, you know, now after the hand counts in Palm Beach and Broward, Gorza head. So we want to hand count the whole state. No, well, I agree with you. The only rational way is if we're going to look for a serious answer here and really want to find out who won you got a hand count on the whole state. Yeah, absolutely. Otherwise, he is with a problem that I've been used coming in a fair. If they're going to hand count specific count, specific district of county. Yeah, which obviously at this point, this live I can see are weighted courts court. Right. Okay. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, I don't forget about the 100 votes that came in from Polk County that nobody asked to recount me. He really did a hand job in Polk County. Well, I don't forget if I'm going to say, I don't forget about General County, we're not the 99 votes came up because they've counted a portion of their votes. You're correct on that, but what I'm saying is no matter which candidate it was weight. Let's say it was weight. Yeah, well, we already agreed. You're just going to honor a circle. We answered yes. Let's recap both say. You just, you know, you're trying to convince me if something I'm already convinced of. Yes. Five six seven. Oh, five 60. Palm five 60 on the AP and P and Verizon, what was line? Got it? Oh, good. Here's Halendale, hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Yes, I am. This is a statement from Jesse Jackson as the white we're down here. Oh, hey, yeah, in this night election, we are forced into a pre-dimension that must cover our dedication. You sent the attention. Okay, or say how to sunny Rosenberg force and watch out for the out of the house game. Five six seven, oh, five 60, Palm five 60 on the AP and P and Verizon wireless line. Oh, boy. Man, there's a lady noble informator, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. I just wanted to say, you know, where's the fire? You know, I just read the answer. Where are the answers that would to me? Exactly. These puppies are just trying to push us through. Say, I know that they've started seeing their, their needs window. And you know, you know, something that I've been saying this for days, if they really believe they won this state, they would be very willing. They'd be magnetism, I say, okay, let's go. What ahead? Let's count all the places you want because we're very confident they know they stole them. They know that there was more fraud and corruption in this election. The history don't come to put together. And that's why they want to we got it and we're coming off right now. That is right. It's like, look into a paint of glass. It's so clear. Yes, I know. I know. It's a real paint. Really sucks. Because I know that, you know, Florida is court country. You know, I mean, I'm not good as a cracker country. Florida is crap. But anyway, we know that he won. We know that he won. Okay, have a very face with it. What have you said? It's court countries. It's a court country. It's, you know, it is what it is. It's country. Yeah. Here's a mobile and keep, keep cool. It's another country. It's a foreign country. A mobile and keep cool. Hello. Yes, sir. One thing really is mission is this, this harris rating. Maybe she's going to have to be a path to go to bushboys. You know, maybe get her, you know, she's going to take the fall with the pieces from fall and down the top of her board. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm here. She's already got so a few pieces fallen down on her. I don't want to mention the governor. So I was about J. B. X. A. J. B. Junior, a bank victim chicken A. C. To the current board they let outside a shopping mall. Tell her, Hanson, wow. Now, isn't this a family that keeps telling us about they're going to restore decent sea and morality? And here's, the governor of the state, who's life was smuggling stuff in here because she allegedly didn't want her for hundreds of dollars money. She was spending Colombia this smuggler. And how we got J. B. We got George P. Who's run the monochlor, like a lunatic and his ex-girlfriends by the parking lot of the apartment complex, or the neighborhood, whatever is, carrying out like a maniac, what on the round half naked? I'm the window, remember? Well, he's like suicidal. He says if a good enough for the show, it's good enough for the Mexican. And then we got J. B. Who's been at 16 Yorkers banging his girlfriend in a broad daylight in a backseat of a car outside of a parking lot in Palahancy. This is the family with that white knuckles run. That's gonna restore a decent sea back to America. You've thrown a lion bastard you. Why did you admit it so often that guy damn money? That's all you care about. That doesn't bother me. At least if you're honest about it like that damn grave robber may church. At least be honest about it. You have no, you have no school posts. You have no personal. Are you care about it? Money money money money money? That's all you care about. Which is your privilege? Your entitled, just like that damn hockey fence that keeps welcoming me at the games which I thought I was rid of it. And every time he comes in front of me and talks to me, he's put in my face. God, I thought I was rid of him and all of a sudden he shows up again. Man. And overgrown grippy. Hey, Juan, have a good time and sorry. Don't come back. Okay, do not come back. Hey, hey, hey, put the only person I've ever been in my life. Have to be able to look at him in a conversation with him, which is really good ever had. You have to tell yourself down. I mean, that would have been okay after the, you know, I'm driven by guys who share from Tony's, but this was ridiculous. Here's a mobile and broken. Hello. Okay. All kicking aside, it seems, Bill Quayne. It's going to blow the people and there's enough petition to go around. Why couldn't we change the laws and keep him in for third term? Change the laws. Okay, wave your magic wand. Where? For fuck your magic, whinger friday. Can we change the laws? No. I'll tell you I give him the number in sales for, uh, botsie name proposal head. contract. Yeah, the two of them can discuss about can bubble run for a third term. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, but I'm with your pal. I'm with you. 100%. Let's get Baba in there again. I did not already predict before the election long before the face that said, man, are you people on both sides? You're going to really miss Baba. This is a bunch of who exactly I could have said a better myself. Here's cover, red, yellow. All right. Listen, I, uh, couple of things and the first and most important Republicans were not stupid about asking a return. They just didn't want it. Period. They just did. They got they had it and why after a recount when they had it once. Yeah. And the most important thing is I'd like to be counted on terminal and the Pope County though. They're all they're saying about that. They like that. And most important. And they also like to be counted on Mexico. That's being done by hand that they had them within like poor votes. It won't point you all in or 17. As soon as everything starting to turn around, obviously they're going to bring out anything they can to hold onto it. Right. I've had the opportunity to see elections in third world countries in South America and over there they have been the point that I want to make out is the ex-Po and only two times in my life and of course in my life, I've seen the ex-Po myth and it was once in the 1996 that was in South America and the presidential election where about two and a half hours later after the polls were closed, the resoul were given to one candidate because it was so close they waited and about five and a half hours later the results showed it was another one. It was the other one that one. Right. The president only lasted eight months when it was finally shown that it was fraud because the ex-Po was five of the most accurate polls there is. I'm surprised that about six to seven independent new stations in our country all of them give it to glory and then all of them have to take it back. It's just pretty much a pretty point and simple. That's what I'm trying to say. It's pretty simple. That's something very very patient is just going on there. Like I said they stole a third and square. That's exactly right. Okay, thank you again and I'll see you in one of those third world countries. Got a body. What have we got? Club 20 we can make two grand over there at the US so I saw like that and we still got two to six minutes to go. This is one of our best. Like I said, nice going great selection there and if you were a little bit like Joe. Come on. Well since Joe was at the hockey game doing that thing with his other jacket. He's there. There's no holding back now. He had the three hours show Sunday morning and he did the thing at the hockey game event. I would be surprised for these two weeks to get like default but I had not feeling the parents on Friday. Can't do the show that day. How do you like that? Pay the parents. Like I said he's going to be walking around with 80 different checks from 80 different outfits in his wallet. Each one of them is really small but nevertheless they add up. That's what Bumpho says. Like I said I should hope you don't want up like Bumpho kicking loose and pick it over to track. Anyway, there at the store I've done a corner of Cypress because we wrote in the Andrews and they got the best in the old stuff up they were including those nifty key chains and those CDs and cassette some t-shirts. 1200 bucks. We didn't get to 2000 by two o'clock. I can smell it. Or maybe that was the uh... I can't tell we couldn't hear him and they go well. I can't help it. It was that real good pizza. You think I'm joking. Just walking here and you'll find out. No, no. It's not a lot of modern fact. I'm a martyr and matter. Life at incense. There's nothing worse than being a laughing martyr. Here's the lady in the cable. Hello. Yes, hello. Yes, man. I just have a comment on the elections. Yes. First of all, there's been accounts and there's been a recount. There is no fraud. And I don't like to hear accusations of fraud. Accursation. Accursation. Accursation. I'll see you know you do it to you. Okay? I'll see you do it to you. Okay? Get back at a banana boat honey. Who don't give a crap watching think? We don't care what some banana boat great picking a bit like you have to say. Go back to a country where you can say it and they might do something about it. Get out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, they're 16. On the 8T and 10 Verizon what I was saying. I said, how did you make out it? I don't like that. Accursation. Accursation. Let me give you a little lesson. Okay, honey? Speaker the English. That's lesson number one. Speaker the English and cut the crap. And just kiss the ground that somebody let your ass in here. Okay? And don't be given us no lecture about the fixed election. Bitch. 20, 60, after one at five, 60, W to Q. The Neil Roger show. Sport 3D, 9, 60. Q, A, and please, and that's fucking. Wow. How are you doing honey? You don't care if it's president of the United States. This is my state of the women address. I know the few girls who said they were good. But Billy's there to tell you about girls. You're not. That you through where my girlfriend ripped the white pants. But when I looked at me, they were under my child. Wow. Let's take care of this man. Wow. So Paul Jones, you got a new note. That's not the best thing. You got that and blow that tune. After she escaped, she was barely the moment. She got herself some life, all end up coming to the top. But she still has ugly eyes up, I can talk. Well, that's a good way to get it. Well, that's a good way to get it. So, when the trip got some surgery, that moment passed me, my... You got the money, but if you got the test, that would be a pretty girl. But they won't even want me to live all the night. That's not a question, baby. I'm pretty, I'm pretty. I'm pretty, I'm pretty. Only I'm a victim of a vain, and I ain't joking girl mid-off, firms'll .." I could accommodate as much in the dark, out of the dark. Grace, that thanks, I don't care, but I've had to ber Mensch, It's demonic, you are 40 pounds. That's magic, everyone! Well, you got the ring, well, you got the pill Now I've got the ring, well, I've got the ring, well, I've got the ring The damn monkey we were met on their way, all the night All the love and curse me, well And we'll do the thing that's the way All I've tried to cut the breaks on her car No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kettestaur When she gives birth, I'd make her all sprainsured hatch Big ol' leg, and an ass tonight Back to her I'll give her six legs, oh, come on, see if I can stop her I'll heal her, you're going to be a senator from the earth Not no impress, man Well, you got the ring, well, you got the touch And I'll give her all, my girl The devil can't get one of them, they're all out of the night All the love and curse me Like you, that is my divinity, we're gonna dress All you! I've put you three at five, six, you're gonna be two I'm so both parties now, Democrat and Republican They've got to be Florida State Supreme Court, and they said they're afraid to solve out Handle all these things, all these things And that's where they are right now So all you can say is Hang on tight, I'll put it to the FL for losing the presidential election The main reason will be because of Ralph Nader, 144, how do you like that? 144 freaking votes for that little pimple head Ralph Nader, that's a fothel The election for out 116, we came paying 51 Choosing Julubar in his running mate, 43, and a mediocre performance in debates Only at 29 So look, Sarra, like even when all the election, Haki, Paki, survived And he has to know the turmoil when the vizzo They still point the wicked crooked finger right around Nader You have not just egotistical maniac you We got how much 1340 bucks we can get close to two grand out there by a two cloth That's a spell I'd diner, Joe, and the duff you out there Oh, yes, we're two at least starlight divers People are going to the wrong one Yeah, not because we're ready for a nearly chevered one Well, I haven't had been saying, Cypher, I think we're going to have to I don't have it, I'm saying that all along, the order of the vote will be a prize I'm not that one, we're going to have the cypher streak Cypher streak, road and Andrew's an avidolab and saying that over and over again It's not for free, just go there and let's do a bunch of money Okay, it could put act in stupid Some of those people are so stupid, you think they would be able to vote right Here's a mobile and pop-ed-o-be, chill out Can I just leave? Sounds like you Okay, I didn't have mobile back for pay Here's a stationary and pop-ed-o-be Hey, hey, I got you pulled off the trick that a cap or an arrow is a cut out of a patty You've got all wrong You can bet that she didn't do anything without getting promised some kind of a bush sadness If there's someone she kept with each other collected If she wants an ambassador ship, I mean they don't even keep it a secret She made it very clear, she wants to be the ambassador somewhere I mean, you got a feel for her, she's only worth seven million dollars, seven million Yeah, it's a pretty particular story, the whole thing has become politicized And legalized and turned inside out And quantity too tight Yeah, so it's not going to be any happy end to it Now, I'm a pro at the site Good luck to one, swatchback shit, so that's what makes me want to get on a plane and leave the guy in country 560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Over on a West Coast, but they've been pretty quiet about this because this will try to figure out what election day has been a month's coming 877, 785, 6345 Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Neo, yes sir I've been trying to get all these today, it's been impossible I've ordered a bush, but I don't think of one fairway to settle this Yeah, you have to recount the bow and you have to recount them in a heavy county Right, absolutely correct And I've come to the story, you know, one five, if it's going to go in five Five sides are trying to get the edge, they're trying to get the leg up, I can say that I have to think it's both sides You can't just count the democratic counties, you can't just count the republican counties And you can't just cut it off just because you're three other votes headwinds convenient for you I agree, I agree, but they have to take it, you can't re-bose because of the people who change the vote And let's face it, they could do it, they would stop all the arguing The Supreme Court has any brains, that's probably what they ought to tell them to do They could start now within 10 days, they could have a whole state recatted And this time they could recatted with, you know, the people in their supervising for both parties And then say you get one shot at it, we're not going to argue about this You have one shot, you have one last chance to certify your number and that's it Well, at least it's nice to see the court supporter and a bush supporter can agree Yeah, because that's what the people want, the people want it on and on and on and on And it's not a big deal, these other guys we're just working to get whatever they want Yeah, both sides of these high-powered fore attorneys are ridiculous That's right, and let's recap every county and say that's it In fact, you and I will count them, how's that? Okay, thank you Yeah, that guy and I were going to sit down, make tickets to Wawa One for you, one for me, are you going to count premium Chad, they're the ones that count on Chad, everyton, Jeremy Clyde Or is it Chad Stewart? I don't know who they are, maybe it's Ben Stewart Oh, we're flying Yeah, I said a lot of here, Dan, let's bring Josh Moe in Yeah, Ben Stewart, who's model is, let's out your friends Oh, man, I just get the Willie's thinking about that creep Did he ever pay you back that 60 bucks to your? I'm just just a little bit No, that's why I can be sure you'll never see him in here Okay, you guys can't fall over yourself out there, even if he haven't done one in years I mean, let's do it for him in a second I've already decided to probably cut a camera scene board Which would you accept to pay the change? It's only a new conference right now, to read the letter that they sent to the second three of Bush and we got up to Palm Beach County So they have sent the letter, they had a two-con deadline, they sent it on Shibawa doing the same But you don't want to hear back because it's just another formality And we still have to wait here with that bitch, I mean, she says it too The second three of Bush, here is this, I'm John, yeah This is going to make you one of Barf Barf's Texas, a Republican candidate for State Office and Governor George W. Bush's home state of Texas As one a hand recount of punch card ballot similar to those of the Center of the Presidential Recon Battle and Florida official said today While Republicans criticize Democrats for seeking manual recounts in Florida The losing Republican candidate for the Texas State House fifth district As for a recount in the three counties that make up his district Of the three East Texas counties, the largest Smith County, uses punch card ballots The county court officer said, vans land and up sure counties use paper ballots that voters bought as much as the pen Punch card ballots are understood and Florida with the National Race Club above above above above Texas House district five Bill Hollowal asked the Secretary of State Office for a recount After losing last week's election of Democratic incumbent Bob Glaze by a margin of 21,496 to 19,463 margin of 288 votes The Texas Secretary of State approved the request on Monday and each county must complete the recap by next Monday Said J&D, a spokeswoman for the Secretary of State How do you like that? And this is by a margin of 2,8 votes in one congressional district We're not talking about in the state where we're more than 6 million votes and a margin rule they 300 So when it's convenient for them, and this is the law that Governor Doughert signed into law himself in 1997 Providing for a hand recount in the state of Texas when it's expedient for them they love recounts by hand They love doing it by hand Whether it's in Polk County or Seminole County or in Texas or in New Mexico or anyplace else that it's expedient for them But if it's here and Florida, why don't love to griff for them because they got that slim lead that they're clinging to that they're hanging out to desperate They're hanging out to desperately, then all of a sudden, oh we don't want to do that it's unconstitutional on American we won Here's plantation hello Hey Neil, can we take a break to the election for a second about about a lot of real serious issues? Why does McDonald's or POSO or POSO or POSO or POSO? Uh-huh five six seven oh five six the POM five sixy on the AT&T because you give me a cup of VATIC that's why asshole Here's a lady in Hollywood hello Yes, man Hi, I have a question if people to go and say the fraud or we'll to revote what do you think is gonna have to cure the people at the outcome of that? What is gonna happen to the people will be outcome of that or what it what does that mean? Oh, not the way it is you're gonna be or if there is a revote don't you think that it's gonna go? I don't think there is gonna be a revote I don't think there's gonna be any revote I think if there anything happens say why it's gonna be a hand recount of all 67 counties And then another question why don't we get a president from another country who has no to be not Republican or Democrats to come in here and And he's just a neighbor and let him make it to the city instead of having all these Republicans judge you that a naked Okay, we're yeah, Tony Blair is on the way. Okay, Tony Blair is on the way and also think similar queen from Amsterdam's coming in On the queen the matrix five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and these people voted just keep ending mind these people voted a wiki girl Tuesday Where we going here's my auntie hello hello yes, I'm a busher border and you know what busher's gonna win? Because of early on both are the 300 people that will alien talk the 90 to the kid and also but that is a good to the party Okay Seven two eighty five that's the game. One this guy what this guy's in? Oh Oh Many can get hold of Dan Stewart now. What was it? They got how much? Seven two eighty five seven two ninety five we can make two thousand you can almost smell it man. It's right on the tip of my tongue Here's how you could say that he's gonna go up there and give that secretary of bush what for you do know about her don't you? Who in the jib? Yeah, I thought this was a no good nick bitch. Yeah, Howard has has sent in its letter It's letter of justification right and Palm Beach too. They just had those bozos on and I guess the reason they're saying is that because of the extremely large turnout They just need more time to tag like plus they lost a day from the veteran's holiday. I'm Friday And they say they'll have everything counted by 5 p.m. on Monday. Which is reasonable. Yeah, we still have a president right all these and Palm Beach kind of canvassing board got much better eyebrows in bar Yeah Yeah Yeah, Joe Roberts yeah, I'm telling he leaks over he thought he was not gonna chat off he next one of his sets of eyeballs right off He was great the judge is this is this incredible I know I'm a senator talking to him had two weeks ago about the secretaries you know Mike is the swing I mean I realize it's a crappy life No, it's the best we can do in the game Anyway, I stayed senator to tell me about this fozo of the secretaries. There we had I mean a story is on her yeah incredible. Yeah, thank you see are because these people are bringing morale and deep into back to the story yesterday But the judge some jubby the younger son It's called banging some chick in the broad door in the brown car. Huh little brown. Jimmy yeah Bang and some chicken one to the car I got a shopping center and in Palahancy these were people being in Moana. We got the right knuckles drunk Who's the candidate but so we got the governor whose wife is the this smuggling stuff is actually a Colomba And now we got the kid who's banging his girlfriend both underrated by the way in a car and the broad day light and shopping in the center Was it consensual Doesn't make a difference sure And then we got we got and you know I can relate to this because then we got George P was told on the Cecil who's breaking into his girlfriend I'm up on to the window. Yeah, yeah, he just he just want to get a look He's wanted to take a peek Uh, I can't stand it. It's Mindbogg it's good for the late night comics. That's about yeah, like I said bad for America good for talk shows. Yes You're having a good time was it why the hell not yeah, not as good as LA on but it's right there next best thing You know you were talking earlier about the LA times. I brought back a comp in the LA times. I'm gonna read excerpts of on a year But yeah, he times just got such a channel on this because what it talks about is that you know the bottom line is that George Bush could be as much of a mistake or an accident It's Jimmy Carter was in post Nixon right and that they cite you know I've heard your five reasons and the one reason that they cited is the why a lot of states in the south Particularly Tennessee been the vote for our gore was people forget He was vice president and administration where the president was impeached Yeah, I still think it's liberal that catchers now. I think so. Well, thanks I'll tell you why in Tennessee in Louisiana and Kentucky at Arkansas. I'll tell you why he won Well, one he won the popular vote. You know we were in couldn't have been that much of a better. But I'm talking about the electoral vote, but you know something It was later absolutely that's what they say. I mean, you have a 48% Vote count for the winner. Yeah, which is the lowest ever And he took a 98,000 votes in this day. Yeah, let's say 60 70,000 What is on the idea? He goes forward with no mandate whatsoever right not so you have four ways to do I don't know if you run the horror untrained Did you heard the strategist had about the Texas Republican? No, I'm going to give this to you because you'll want to read this too Republican candidate for state office in Texas today has won a hand recount of punch card ballot Similar to the center of the presidential recon battle in Florida. He was trailing. Now, this is just the one congressional This or Texas state house fifth district. He was training by 2008 votes and answer the hand recount, which is Texas law. That's a lot of that bush sign Three years ago with a lot of state taxes and that's it and they did the recount 2008 votes here W is hit by 300 votes out of six million plus and they're objecting all its unfairness You know why don't they just we count the whole state by hand. No, we're not really hit up 1460 votes already Right just on the first week that that's why they want to stop now. They're ahead. You know, if I say the end of the third quarter Let's stop the game now. We're ahead because we know if it were sliding bad in the fourth quarter comes a very ablain and brings not Not crap, but here take this could as a jack and have it right. Yeah stay out of the bush Okay, you'll be on keep your eye group because he's the secretary of the non-duty. I'm on you know, I'm on Sentinel the secretary of Bush will be on there with her Alcamado 152550 WQM New Roger show sports radio 560s He wants to say that the last American pasties and the cheese string up there. I'll do it Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well well, well, well, well, well, I guess it's worth it, will it be? Why can you seven at 5 and 60QM? All of us are two across that line, can you have smaller aligned plans?