The Neo Roger Jones John John John John John John 560 on yourself all the opinions of Neo his guest co-er's or anyone else on the show did not necessarily reflect those of the QAM Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group now Neo Roger's on sports radio 560 QA John John John John Roger's condesc Mission Apollo Okay, 10 a lot at 5.60 WQAM. Scumbags and the scumbags who would mer sure I worship it admire them. I told it that's going to be the name of my new book. Haven't I said that for many, many months now? I don't understand when my book I should start working on it right away in the book too. This John Rocker thing, I mean, this goes to show you two big stories on the same day. You got these two people. The fact somebody facts me just the bare facts because Rayla Lewis wasn't implicated that time. Late in the show yesterday I didn't bother with it because you know a couple of murders after the Super Bowl. We figured that's going to happen probably most times. Sure in America. At she merking after the way man. But now we find XUM star faces murder charge. Oh right. And we got some assholes on this radio station who are like, you know, oh no, that couldn't possibly be true. John. Yeah. I don't want my name. Joe. Always looking to defend the defenseless. Oh yeah, but he was a nice guy and he did never stole a freight train. Yeah, just like Cecil. Number of those days with Cecil who was just trying to dip his wick and then even after he finally confessed and after the horse was out of the barn and after they ran out of excuses. Well, he was just trying to take a look. All you kids out there. Are you young guys? You see some hot babe walking out of the street and maybe live in your neighborhood and you want to see what he looks like. You know, like naked in bed though. So she got a chance to like cover up a little bit. You just go there to the house, you know, in the wee hours of the morning when you're pretty sure anybody knows this sleep. You'd remove the screen from the window, of course. And then you're like busted in the window and you're going to take a look. That's all. Or like if you want to find all somebody out of the cover, I mean, that isn't really rapist. Oh, you just found all of it. Just because you start finally doesn't mean you want to go beyond that. Does it? No. Just a little fondling, which is, you know, maybe he was fond of her. He wanted to find all. And the people come on this radio station and they defend this Schmidt. This crap, this walking, escrowman on legs. Most of the sports there's on this station. And you want it to why? Because they are pandering to the sports there's out there. The ones who say, oh, we don't care how much of a scumbag he was. Just like, uh, latrine, spree well. There's another good example for you. We don't care what kind of a scumbag he was or how many times he tried to choke the coach or what how many girlfriends this one beat up or Lawrence Phillips. I need these people. We don't care if they can win this game. It makes this feel better about ourselves and maybe even cash or bet. Tragic. I'm embarrassed. I really am. I'm embarrassed to be on this radio station for many, many reasons. But most of which have to do with a bee leaves and Gregory with the fact that he's such a bunch of bogus broadcastes with this cheap horse ball equipment. And the fact that because they got absolutely no competition, I mean, like clear sailing that, you know, somehow they're able to hang on. So I'm embarrassed about that. Not to embarrassed like Larry Luges and years ago, not to embarrassed to take the money, which I'll take gladly because I earn it. But embarrassed for what a bogus bunch of, I mean, so many of these people. And how many times have I told you that this is part of the fraternity slash sports mentality in America. The women are sex objects. You can do whatever they had you want. You can get away with murder with rape with anything you want. Drugs, I mean, forget about that. That's not even a contest. And forget about how many people in the NFL now, the National Fellan League, are scumbags and murderers and whatever else there. Forget about that. How about the guys like Mark Duper, for example? Anybody seen him lately? Oh, guys, you know, they get out. And what do they do? They go into a life of a pedaling drugs and whatever they can get away with. Irving spikes. How's he doing? See him lately? Oh, no. And so that whole philosophy, it sure worked well for Jimmy. Didn't it? I never made a criminal. I didn't like didn't that work real well? No. Didn't work out. Did it? How does the meat to your son, or would it own? Let's take a stab at that one. How's he doing? I mean, there's no question that in all walks of life that there are scumbags, but generally speak like, if you're a carpenter, if you're a plumber, if you work for the phone company, and you're a rapist, nobody's going to make excuses for you. Nobody's going to say, oh, gee, but then I give them 20 or 30 more chance. Is anybody going to make an excuse? No. But if you were a uniform, like a priest, for example, a child molesting priest, which I mean, got Almighty yesterday, was just the eight million to an ongoing series of never-ending stories. Nobody cares, because you have to have at least 40, 50 more chances if you have that uniform. But especially if it's a sports uniform. Oh, yeah. Because you can run fast or jump high or throw the ball or catch, I heard the little dog in there this morning talking about, and him and guilty both. Oh, maybe the best little linebacker in the game, but it'd be, who gives a crash? Who gives a crash? And yes, he deserves his day in court, but what kind of a story is this? And what kind of a legacy is you of him left by the way? Wow. Man, oh, man, what a line up we could have with those, with those are conducts, huh? From U.M. The Huraculans. And by the way, guess who was started all of that? Yeah, guess who started all of that? It wasn't Danny. It was, don't say it. Yeah, well, those fatigues there, I'll never forget that, you know, the games the team. That whole mentality. Let's round up all the gangsters and we'll win a bunch of games. We're going to win. Make us feel a lot better about ourselves and make a lot of money through the university. Because America respects comeback. So long as they're the athletes come back. You've heard of student athletes. We've got athletes come back. And so here's John Rocker who gets a sped until May the 1st, which is, you mark my words. The union will win on this. They're going to go back him. And I've no love for the union in any of these sports because they're killing. They're destroying what these ridiculous salaries and baseball's all done anyway. I mean, when when when a little puts with all the respect to Joe Costello who's going to get a psychotic when I say this, but Derek G. He's a very good ball player. Just a minute. Are you going to sit in there with a straight face? And even though you don't have your Yankee jersey on today and tell me direct years were $15 million a year? Nobody is. Nobody is. Nobody is. But I mean, even in the context and perspective with what the other salaries are, it's ludicrous. It's ridiculous. And they're saying, oh, if you think that's something, wait till you see, you know, what Griffey's going to get in Alex Rodriguez, they keep screaming about everybody's losing money. And nobody's showing up anymore. And the Marlins, you might as well forget about them. All of these sports. And it's like they got some kind of a compulsive death wish. They can't give away enough money. Here's this asshole, Paul Taglia, boo, boo, boo, by the way. Who's even dumber than Bud Selega. I mean, Bud Selega's got an excuse. He's presiding over a dying sport. But as you saw the other night, with a Super Bowl, which with those record breaking ratings has returned out in the fourth quarter, it'd be hell of a game. People are at it. It's alive and wealthy NFL. But here's an asshole who's making $8 million a year. So of course he's going to cover off his tracks. He's going to say whatever's expedient at the moment. Which I got all of his quotes here. But John Rockers, a moron, he opens up a mouth to his bigoted things and by the way, let's face it. How many of you have said the same thing that he says all the time. About niggers and fags and Jews and whatever it is. He was just stupid enough to say it in an interview. And he's going to get to spend until the first of May and move that on that salary because he gave an, an elderly opinion and pissed people off. Whatever happened to freedom of speech, he's got he has the right to be an asshole. I think that we ought to make the 11th amendment to the condeser, you know, or that we already got. What about we've been 27? Whatever we got now. I'm talking about the Bill of Rights. An additional Bill of Rights, you should have the right to be an asshole. Can anybody argue with that? No. No. Because God only knows if there's something criminal about being an asshole, we're going to have to step in a whole lot more jail. Just listen to this show yesterday and find that out. Or most days. We got assholes on parade out there. So John Rocker, he's going to be, we got to make it look good. See for baseball, but we got to make it look good. Like we really want to recommend this guy because these things he said, or refer hintable, we don't want to piss off Hank here anymore. But all he did was give an ugly opinion, shared by millions of people out there, by the way. And here we got these murderers and scumbags. And we got people on his radio station making excuses for them. Yeah, he was just trying to dip his work. He was just trying to, well, yeah, take a look. Things that any adult should be embarrassed to say or think. Embarrassed to humiliated, degraded. Tom Jack. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQM. Only one South Florida radio station has a, I'm still getting your listening to it. And go for it. Weekday after noon to two sports radio 5. 60 QAM. We're in embarrassment. I'm walking through her bedroom. I'm around the ride. And I may not get to my work. But I didn't have to be with the script. But I didn't do it. If you play over fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot her tell me. I didn't know the date was so good I was wild. But here you have a big, big deal, sir. And I found out, when it changed me with the dust. Why didn't that bitch tell me? Because you don't do shit. She'd be the bad brother of a little bitch. If that's gonna be, it's probably the best I'll do. 10. 50. 50. 50 WQM. I'm thinking back of that OJ business. Especially because you're in town. We watch you out here. OJ get there a lot. We hate to like poison. You won't be able to live in any neighborhood down here. I guarantee you that right now. Guaranteed. Less you moving maybe with screw in and family. But at any rate. There's another classic example. All those people see there isn't one person in America with an IQ larger than their small digit. It doesn't know that OJ Simpson murdered those two people. Everybody knows that. That he got away with it. And in spite of that, we still have all these people who admire him. All these people that want his autograph. All these people that suck up them, including several in this radio station. People who are obsessed with him. People have his pictures up on the walls in their office. Let me say it again. And their office. Back to him. Yeah, that too. And they don't care. Now like I said, if it was the plumber. If it was a guy to come in here on the construction job. And was murdered two people. They say, oh my god. How can you, I'm not coming to work tomorrow. Unless you get that person out of the building. Wouldn't any normal person say that? Right. And I sure is how though I want that person living in my hood. But because it's an extraquivori uniform. And after all is in a Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio, no less. I mean, was there ever any consideration to take in his ass out of there? No. Even after he was found guilty in the civil trial. He was found the responsible? No. No. So this is part of the sickness of American culture today. The glorification and admiration and hysteria over the scummiest, traciest people on the face of the earth. I read your Ted Bundy would have been NFL player. He'd have gotten a lot more chances. He'd probably still be alive today. If you could have just, you know, throw it. Maybe it, you know, he's kind of a small guy. If you could have just kicked the ball. He kind of looked like a Linda Marry now that I think of it. But the larger penis is what Joseph. Chris, that could have been anybody. Yeah, if you could have been like, you know, a field goal kicker. He would be, he would have gotten a lot more breaks. Ravens, what was the rest of the night to write a slings? Let's hear it. Ah, you Wednesday faces murder charge. Police charge, Pro Ball linebacker, Ray Lewis with murder late Monday. And the slings of two people outside in Atlanta nightclub. I was after the Super Bowl ended. Lewis, a former university of Miami standout. Oh, now at the Baltimore Ravens was charged after a day of inventing a game of the sling at the Cobalt Lounge in Atlanta's Buckhead neighborhood. Very fancy fancy neighborhood, by the way, about 4 a.m. on Monday. Very upscale. Lewis had been thought to be on route to the Pro Bowl game in Hawaii. Was taken into custody. Was expected to appear in court today. Two men were standing during a fight that broke out. Just as the party was ending at the club. Witnesses said six men had fought an argument with the two victims. The men left the scene in a black Lincoln, 220 navigator, limousine leased by Lewis as several shots were fired. From inside, vehicle. Police said the limousine had Maryland license plates was leased from a Baltimore company called All Stretched Out Limousine Service. When in that, we're all stretched out. The vehicle was found in a parking lot behind the hotel under the shooting scene at Atlanta Police Postman John Quiddly said, Quiddly and Georgia Bureau of Investigations Postman John Bankhead, both said it could not release the tales of the investigation. Reach by the Baltimore Sunday before he was charged. Lewis said, I collaborated fully as for the situation. I'd be having no comment. One man died of the scene, another victim died of a great immemorial hospital. The Fulton County Medical Examiner's office identified the victims as just into Bakery 21 and Richard Lauer, 24 both of Atlanta. The 24-year-old Lewis from Lincoln became the second NFL player this month charged with murder. Actors like armed robbery, not like cocaine, the traffic in. AARNOR. AARNOR. Of course, it's still pending. You do understand that. The bodies is still almost warm. On January 4, Carolina, Panthers, Watt Receiver, Ray Carruth, was charged with first and re-mort on the shooting method to wreak Adams who was pregnant with their son. That was, that's one of our all-time favorites. She was pregnant with their son. And of course, were they married? No, but that also is the American F. And wait. Especially in certain segments of our population that I want to mention, Noah, ethnic or racial things here. You know, a lot of daddies and a lot of momies and not necessarily a lot of weddings. Just like Friday in the state of the NFL address, Commissioner Paul Tanya Boo, who commented on the recent rise of criminal charges against Croid and NFL players, can we separate ourselves from society? He asked, of course not. We can't predict what NFL players will do anymore than we can predict. Students, students, other students, students, other students, or workers shooting fellow workers. The son reported that Ravens officials as well as fellow players were concerned about their friends. Lewis had become acquainted with during the past three months. On December 6, the salt charges were filed against Lewis after an incident in the Baltimore County bar. According to a police report, Coutrice Parker 24 of Baltimore said Lewis struck her on the left side of her face and she fell into the bar. Lewis expected to stand trial on that charge early next week. So he got to be busy. I don't think he's going to make it out to Hawaii. You know, the provol. Oh, he got to be too busy. And here's his comment. This, this is my favorite. This is the best. Right on the heels of the God squad, pulling out that superbowl in last couple of minutes on Sunday. Lewis, when asked about the incident, said about the two incidents, says the devil is busy always after God's children. He is always trying to get you one way or another. Yeah, think on it long and hard. Let me say it again. Because those are words of great wisdom. All you kids out there, this from the upstanding U of M graduate, Ray Lewis, great NFL superstar from the Baltimore Ravens. This isn't Raven lunatic. He says, the devil is busy always after God's children. He's always trying to get you one way or another. When asked about whether he was concerned about his friends and his relationship with the Ravens, Lewis said, it is something I'll discuss with him. But not something I can be talking about now and a quote. And in this long story, by the way, somebody facts me from the internet on the MSNBC webpage. Ken Rosenthall, who's also a comments for the Baltimore Center, right to MSNBC, writes about all these things. And basically says the Paul Tagley Boo is a bullcraft artist that he just tried to cover up. He says, according to a published last year, a pros and cons, where did we hear about that? See, I remember having those guys on and talking about the book and encouraging a lot of you go out and buy it. And I kept wondering, how come the, see, I mean, this isn't the sports show. How come this is a sports station? And all I talk about here is basically football anyway. And here's a very provocative book about the NFL and the scumbags who are playing in it and have played in it. And I'm the one that guy that had him on the air. You're off his to this book and I'm going to talk about it. And the rest of these people are trying to like, you know, cover it up. Just like the hockey people are going to do their best to cover up that book that I talked about also. They're, oh no, we don't want to read that. No, because there's too much truth in it. There's too much truth about guys with uniforms who are given the entitlement to rape and abuse and beat up that crap out of women out of their women. So to speak, we're ready when they come across. That's they come across. Scored, Scored right. And he just want to get a look. He just want to take a little look. And basically do whatever the hell he wants. It's the fraternity mentality. Boys will be boys and women are just sex objects. That's all to be used in abuse and beaten the crap out. It's the pimple mentality. Use them in abuse and men and lose them. It says according to a book published last year, pros and cons, the criminals who play in the NFL. 21% 21% that's a little more than one out of every five NFL players had been charged with serious crimes ranging from domestic abuse to murder. 21% and Paul Tagli boosts is all well, we're doing a lot better than the regular population out there. You know any murder personally. Do you know any murders? Anybody who's murdered somebody? No, I don't. And I've lived a lot longer than you have. I never I don't know anybody who at least to my knowledge has murdered anybody. I don't know anybody who's raped anybody. I don't know anybody who's beaten up by their wife. Personally, I mean, you know, maybe that I know of. And anyway, this column by Ken Rosen-Pulley says in the trend certainly doesn't appear to be diminishing. The shocking crime that led to Karooots arrest made national headlines. And that after Karooots was found hiding in the trunk of a car, Miami rookie running back Cecil Collins with charged with burglary. How do you like that? Tennessee cornerback, Denard Walker, the player beaten by Isaac Bruce for the winning touch down catch in Super Bowl 34 is on probation after being charged last summer for assaulting a former girlfriend. And let's not forget St. Louis Linebacker Leonard Little who pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter last summer after killing a woman as a drunk driver. Little sentenced to 90 at night in jail, a thousand hours community services for you as probation played in the Super Bowl. All right. It says to think Louis is always represented everything that was right with the Ravens. He was one of their first two round picks in their inaugural season. They're leading Tecler almost from the moment he joined the team and undersized linebacker who made it big. Louis plays with unmatched passion, breathtaking speed and terrific strength. He's the kind of player when Spires father is to save their sons. That's how you play the game. But his associations began raising concerns among his teammates to this season. The Ravens gave Louis a four year listen to this. This will make it up chuck you know those sandwiches you're reading in there that you will puke your guts out. The Ravens gave Louis a four year 26 million dollar contract with a seven million dollar signing bonus when he was 23. It was the correct decision from a football standpoint, but who knows maybe it was too much too soon. Two players charged with murder in two months where the technical admits it or not. The NFL has a problem says can't rosin' until I miss NBC this morning. And in the Baltimore sun. A big fat fricking problem they got, disgusting embarrassing humiliating. That's statistic again. 21 percent of the NFL players have been charged with serious crimes ranging from domestic abuse to murder. And these people on this radio stage now, they're and of course they just come back listening to this sports nerds. Well don't tell us those things we don't care we don't care. All we can care about is if they can play ball. There's a whole separate different set of rules for athletes. Like when they go to college. Do they have to go to class? No. They have to get a real grade. No. No. No. What a hypocritical bunch of shmit. And we're always hearing people with this, you know, because it's politically correct even though they don't really give a crap. All the education is so bad. No kids are going to school. They've got them quant enough if they really cared it wouldn't be like that. But they don't really care. Just like that Tyson thing the other night. And just another classic example. Here is one of the, I mean, I can't find enough attitude to describe what a scumbag this guy is. And no matter how many chances he gets, he goes out and does some other everyone thinking again, it's just a matter of time. And when he was over there in London, just goes out of his way to be obnoxious and they can ask a lot of himself and abuse and do whatever to help he can't. And there's still outside his hotel outside his big hotel suite there. It comes out on the balcony like the freaking Pope and her chair went out there. And then he goes out and beats some fat tub of crap in about two and a half minutes and gets eight million dollars for you. And you people out there are subsidizing it. You love it. You can't get enough of it. And it makes me sick. Makes me learn a barf. Makes me wish that sports as much as I love my hockey. I would be willing to sacrifice all of it would just go away. This kind of this society would be vastly improved. This sports would disappear from the landscape. And we get back to the business of having a brain and educating people and having our priorities straight on top as opposed to upside down. I think I could survive. I think life would go on somehow. Because it's already self-destructing anyway because of the ramp and never-ending greed. I mean, it's just crazy. There are a Geter $15 million a year. Oh, we're so concerned about education, but of course those school teachers, you know, they go to high line the summertime. And they only work nine or ten months out of the year. They're worse crap from people over these years. I've done these shows. So you expect somebody to go and put up with all your brass and take all the abuse and those support from the parents for 40 or 50 grand a year or what have it held or make it now. How much? Around 30. There, like I said, slave wages to try to do the job that you're either to incompetent or to terrified or to stupid to do with your kids. And yet these dumb, scummy, jacks, the lowest scum on the face of the year. No matter how much they make, you not only encourage it and approve of it, you subsidize it. Sub-surized it. Look at all every time I'm Tyson is on another paper review bum. No matter who it is. And then their favorite thing is to call in the next day, all we were wrong was a force. It was a fraud. It was fixed. And they still come up with their 40 or 50 or 60 bucks. It doesn't make any difference. And you want an alliance? That's the American fucking way. Well said, sweetheart. 1027 at 5.50 WQF. Wake up with the first team, Joe Rogo, Jeff DeParis, and Fee Goldstein, we see morning success. Only on sports radio 5.69 a.m. Floridian, dumb-eyed dirt. The guy with the nose gave it a bow. And he up again, down and with the mouth out. He has to get a pink couple of marks and now he's got a thing in it. The pink couple and the pink face, the white face of the mouth. So it's a cool look at and not try to concentrate. I'm on the radio, Pee Me on Fee Pee. Get your head, the mouth is a piece that I touch feeling. Lots of things are something, why I found a place where you need to make your morning success. Wake up with the body, and your soul feeling, you're feeling like we're in love. And we are making that even better. And we can make the game. Okay, Tom's out. 31 at 5.60 WQF. I'm happy Tuesday, too. Whatever the hell that is. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60. We've just heard Ray Lewis for our sales stand. Oh, right. And he were QM Greg was in with a breathless announcement. And as soon as he's all gets out, he's going to be next. Oh, yeah. What does wrong with that? Why not give these guys a 20-in-the? And guess who's it back in town this week? I don't want to mention his name on the air. Bring up those old stories about that gaulternament. He's back in town. I wouldn't be surprised if he'd be looking for a job, too. I mean, here's a guy that comes on the air and says he's looking in the floor to be called. I mean, talk about stupid because they can't garnish you your wages here. And so I'm coming on here and saying, you know that, not only that beat the murder rap on the first one, but the civil trial where they said, oh, then all those millions and dollars. Well, guess what? I'm coming to Florida so I can beat that. Oh, yeah. Oh, nice gone here. God, well, we got to have somebody big and tough to replace. Rrrr! It's like that little old running back you got in here. God, that guy's about 2 feet tall. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Our first call of the day and it doesn't sound like it's going to be too successful at this point. Yes, sir. Amen. On Rocker Man, he does, he doesn't have refined sense of racism like some people we noticed on the radio station. Uh-huh. And on OJ. What does that mean? So, he doesn't have the right to say it? He's got the right to say it, but he's got to refine it more and more. Man, so to get by people that complain about it, he doesn't have like some people we know. Oh, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I was very happy. My first time at home, I studied at all kinds of literature. How do I get around who's living next to you? Huh? I don't know. I don't know. That's what we're doing. No way. Why are you not black people to make a lot of money and sports, man? Okay, let me ask you, is Derek Geter black? No, he's kind of like, you know, you know, you're a woman. First, first, first. How about my P.O.S.A. Black? First, first, and you got that. I got a hair jacket. Another professional spart to go away, man. I don't have time in my life to waste with professional ethnic's like you. Okay. I don't have time for that crap. Is Bobby Cox black? No. No. But the fact is, and you didn't see it the same way. It was the same with O.J. same thing. If one of our, when Joe and I were talking about this off the area, it's really interesting. And I'm not saying that it never happens, but I don't notice like when Ted Bundy was convicted. Were there a whole bunch of white people saying that it was a racist thing and that white people are, you know, get a bad image from this? I don't remember anybody saying that, do you? No. I mean, Gacy was convicted. Were there a bunch of gay people coming out saying, oh my god, this is homophobia. And this is just like a witch hunt. And Jeffrey Domber to say anything. Anybody say that? No. But because you're such a professional ethnic, every time a black person is accused of anything. Oh my god, here we go again. It's the old Jim Crow back again. Or is it John David Crow? What team you be on? I mean, you're going to have to grow up and then start being like an adult. Not, not a juvenile between your ears. Okay, sir. Always pick it on black people. And I guess I'm responsible for the fact that re-luis is black, or the Cecil columns is black. And the fact is that there happened to be any enormous number of black players in the national football. You're that correct. All right. I'm responsible because the train's free well be black, even though the overwhelming majority of players in the national basketball association are black. So I'm responsible for that. So that makes me a racist. And because I defend John Rockers right to speak, just like Reggie White. I defend his right to be a bigot. And he was still playing for the Packers at the time he was running around with all his homophobic remarks and making all these obnoxious disgusting comments. We can call him an asshole. Okay. Just like John Rocker. He's also an asshole. Was Reggie White suspended or fine? No. See, I know this is just like the thing with his span of community. It's the same thing. Labor at the time, Labor at the time, you have the freedom to say whatever he want as long as it's okay with us. But the sooner the moment you say something that pisses us off, then you got a problem. John Rocker has got just as much right to be a bigot as as they would doke or anybody else. How about this? Bobby Burr, the senator from vice-hergin, he used to be a member of the Kukklox clan. And it's been the senate for about 100 years. How about him? You just don't understand it, do you? You may not like it. It's one thing to like it. Maybe you can despise John Rocker all you want. I just think he's another dumb joke. I mean there's so many of them out here for lunch. And I wouldn't be surprised if he'd get slightly like to say with Mark Furman. There's another classic example of the hypocrisy of America. Oh, you had the audacity to say the end word and we got you on tape. Got you, baby. And the reason that he had the nice thing is because it's unacceptable in America. You can't say, nigga in America. You can't say it. Even though people say it all the time, including black people in their music and to each other. I think it's time to strip away the BS from IBS. But it's not going to happen in this country in our lifetime because this is a country of phonies. Everybody has to posture and be politically correct and say those things in public, that they don't believe it never would say in private. Here's West Palm Beach, Loh. Hey, Nihai, you're doing great. Well, first of all, it's a shame that you get ripped for just being honest. You know, he can rip all he wants. I just don't have to listen to this. We'll grab because he's a professional ethnic. And there are two things. First of all, have you seen Bob and Tom live? No. Well, they're coming 24th and 25th of a comedy corner. Yeah. I don't have a comedy club. I just want to let you know. Yeah. Anyways, it's just a real shame if you took my Piazza and you took my Chiquille. Yeah. You're making a fun of Italians again. No, no. So just for their salaries. That's your cheater. Yeah. And you added the three together to be almost a half a billion dollars. Mm-hmm. If how many school stuff can you build for that? Nobody cares about somebody cares. Nobody cares. It's a dumb country. We don't care about school. Yeah. We talk about it because it sounds good once in a while. We talk about it. But nobody cares. Yeah. Just flip it. Give the professional athlete the school teacher salaries. And then just flip over the money. You know? Okay. I will see if. Okay. Hold your breath. Just flip it. Just rub it. Yeah. That too. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th of a week. It's all with Bumpin to a frenzine. I'll sound like I can't. Nobody gives a crap about those things. Because this is a country of a dummies. This is a country where being an egghead is proud upon. We're having an intellect. This will come. This take a look at the presidential candidates. Take a look at them. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. They're going to be a big country. On 790 AM, the game could also be heard in its entirety on the internet on the hurricane sports.com. Got that? No. Let me see it again. I won't see it again. We got panthers in Hurricane hockey. We got panthers in Hurricane basketball. We got panthers in hurricanes up the old 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See in America, I know this comes as a great shock to a lot of you dummies out there. In America, you've got to write to be a bigad. And it was fluorescent in public. People have got to write to say you're an asshole or they agree with you or you shouldn't have said it or whatever they want to say. That's what diversity is all about. That's what this is supposed to be all about. But of course, that's only in theory. Just like a freedom of speech is only in theory. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Great. Good. This is a black guy and his Jewish friend on the island as well. Oh, two things on the cover with you. First, I do believe in free speech I think with Rocker State, I was speaking his mind, you can't punish him for it. I mean, if we start punishing him, we're going to punish everybody for standing in everything. So I don't give a crap about what he said, doesn't involve me personally. And then you're right. We use it in our music and we say to each other all the time, we should be de-sensitized to the world by now. I mean, you show me a heterosexual male in this country that doesn't use the word flag all the time. It doesn't talk about niggers. And you're, I'm a who that person is going to be. I can't imagine who it might be. I'd never encountered that person. I mean, if that word still called this hatred or hurt or whatever, you've got to be like so far behind the time, it was just ridiculous. Right. And I'll sing them with two of my friends. We're up in Palm Beach. I mean, we can't find the key change anywhere. Yeah, you're not going to find them anywhere. They didn't don't exist anymore. Oh, you can't. I hate to break the news to you, but President Lincoln's got a bad headache here. You're a little bit behind the shine. They've gone for ages. We ran out of those back in November of December. On the coast, my friend's gone down to Hollywood and down the Broward and he can find him anywhere. Well, he won't. All right, man. You have some bit left. OK. Sorry about that. We could have sold another two, three, four thousand of those to the left. Oh, but that's, you know, water run by the birds, big enough, OJ. And my Greg was in here. I should have asked him about the other 1150 bucks for Senator 1. Anybody ever find where that went? No. And you know anything about it? No. And nobody cares. I think he cared about that either. I thought that was like a major issue. We were forgetting about that golf tournament in our fundraiser. Just in general. And nobody cares because like I said, how many people really have any principle when you come right down to it? They wanted to go out there and play in that golf tournament most of these clowns, not all of them, but most of them. So they could run elbows with a bunch of marginal X-jocks. And then of course, once OJ showed up, they either ran like crazy and got out of the head and he principleed it all. Or they went over and sucked up to him and had their picture made and got his autographs. Oh. And of course Greg Reed, who was in here only a while, much ago, he knew about that whole day, I had a time to knit. Oh, yeah. Like I said, the embarrassment factor. They have got to pay you. If you're a talent, if you have something going for, if you bring something to the table in this market on a radio, they have got to pay you an extraordinary amount of money to come and work in this place, to compensate for all of the other things. It's just unbelievable. It's mind-boggling. I said, it's Joe the other day. I said, if and when I do write that book about my career, and radio, especially in this market, I won't be about KAT, W. Snooze, Wins, and Zeta and IOD about any of those places, the entire 600 page book will be about this place. And I'm sure a very, very large chapter devoted to the infamous OJ Golf Tournament. Anybody care about that? I've all of these scams going on in the name of a charity? Oh, no. Because the charities don't care. Because they'll take you through them a little bone. It's like your dog. They'll be happy in the wag their tail. That's how charities are. So, I've got to raise money for charities these days. Any of them. So, they'll go along with the scams, no matter what it is. And the people who participate, like I said, they don't really give a crap. They're not going to take the time. Well, how much money is really going to charity? If they don't care, I can go in here and pay my money. So, I can use Rob L. Bowls with a bunch of dumb jokes. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Can you? I just have one thing. 99.9% of this when you're on. I agree with what you say. But the only one, I'm not even a bud. I just wanted you to try to clarify for me. When you're saying that we're the ones out there that subsidize the athletes, what they may go into the games, the only problem I have is when the Panthers have 15,000 in the game or the heat of 12,000. There's empty seats everywhere. Then you can't get on the air next day and say we're a bush town. What are the answers that we're not going to answer? How many murderers are on the Panthers? How many gangsters on this team? The Panthers, I guess, maybe are that example because we don't have that with the Panthers. I guess with the contracts and just what these guys are doing and every game. I've already said that. I'm going ahead of you. I've said the NHL is catching up with the other sports and they're starting to pay ridiculous a month and you have all these four Canadian franchises and big trouble. Buffalo's and big trouble. Pittsburgh almost went under again. It's just a matter of time. When you collect a bargaining room in the end for years, whatever it's going to be, they're going to have a while they're going to walk on for years. The missile hole season because it's just got to stop. Maybe you'll just take if you take that there's 14 or 15,000 people at these games. Maybe it's catching up to those four, five or six thousand season. Take it holders finally say, hey, I'm not going to do it anymore. I'm not going to subsidize the United States. Well, I have said that I do appreciate the fact that people are being raped in the prices are ridiculous. Also the fact that Wayne wasn't an upper-end that the county was going to build a state out in a renaform, but he instead of having like 17,500 seats, which would have been plenty. Plenty. We have to have 19,500 so we can have thousands of empty seats every day and so a whole bunch of them can be undersized and uncomfortable and the ones in the corners are like little baby seats because they just don't give her crappy could add the same number of sweets and the same number of boxes and the same number of clubs seats and still rate the public for all he wanted without having 19,000 plus seats in there was ridiculous. And not even, I mean, it's not even, you know, it's not even the dormant amount when you pay for tickets, I can 10 bucks for a beer 15 for a hot dog. I like how you said before drink your beer and eat your hot dog someplace else. Neil, kind of you question? There's nobody holding a gun to your head saying that you have to keep running back and forth to subsidize the concessions they have, especially in that place, my dog would meet most of that food. Right. Neil, as far as the best of Neil, where who do we call the set of one? Set of one. 5, 6, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 6, 100. Or you can just go to the website, NeilRodger.com. Right. Right. Are Neil, see that. Have a great day. 5, but I didn't just get to say a minute ago that if all sports disappeared tomorrow, I could go on with life. Did I just say, I mean, life goes on. It's not the most important. Unlike a lot of them in the sports nerds who listen to when subsidize this radio station the other 20 hours a day, there are more important things. Hopefully in life you side some stupid goddamn ballgame. But America has become so vacuous. Why do you think that cliché was so big now that redue show? Is that a good show? No. Marginal. Best. Because I've been around long enough to see the really good co-show is one that we're citing and dramatic and entertaining. This is a, you know, just a slap together piece of turd. But I mean, oh, it's exciting and everybody's talking about it. Yeah, it's happening to everybody must do it because the people feel as big vacuum in their lives. Just like in this town, I keep asking, what is it that goes on with these people? What is there? I have no life. Yeah. That's the answer over and over again. I have no life. I can Vincent, they have no life. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hallendale. Hello. Yeah, everybody has a position. I'm sure you take it up. Okay, great. Two bad we had that big buzz online is that everybody associated with UM should be kicking out and shot some stupid thing like that. Probably Tony Suga Redder doing a voice. Don't tell me line for us who would up again. Not after Greg Reeves was in here earlier with us. All of us are there. Oh, listen to that. It's your blinds. What did I just say about the first and fact that we're working on this radio station? Listen to that. Here we go again. Day after day after day after endlessly. Come online seven. Is that when working there or not? Because I just want to look at that all and I'll please don't tell me your sister's necklace. I'll also sign on here because I know that's the answer. It seemed to me having another phone problem here at QAM. See what I don't understand is how can anybody. I don't care how stupid they are. Believe me we've got some real stupid people in this place. I don't care how stupid you are. How can you be that unaware? That indifferent. That unfazed, unconcern that you can allow this schloch to go on day after day after day and delude yourself into thinking that people are just going to come back and keep fighting this day after day. But I'll finally winding up dragging your ass into court and saying yes, what? I just spent a month five weeks sick because of you and your stress and your bull crap. And it's like look at that. They're what I'm letting you hear that? I'm not even touching a phone line. We just had a phone click on a year. Just like three times in the last week that we've had line eight, go on spontaneously. Without anybody touching it in the line either. Setting new lows in broadcast history. Gregory and the wannabeasleys. I think we should leave that until 2. Even during the spot. You're back. No, no, no. You're somebody on there. And this is a bad thing. There's somebody actually trying to get out saying hello. Hello. And we got the recording and we got the buzz. Let's hear it. That may be a first. That was special. That was sensational. We just had a three way right here. That may have been the first three way in the history. Huh? Each your heart out Howard. How do you like that? We had somebody desperately like a little voice in a can that a million miles away. Hello. Hello. Can't like, you know, Alexander Graham Schwartz. And then we had the big buzz you got in the library with hang out for you. Like the make a call, hang out this stupid piece of crap and try it again, but it probably won't work. Let's hear it. I'll write WQAM. The best fake make believe radio station in the history of the human race. Even Marconi is sitting there just spitting up blood. He's laughing so hard. He is. He's spitting up. Scored score and the blood too. Well, give it a shot. You never know you might get out one of these lines and we might actually be able to hear your five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. See, I have to take part of the responsibility because if I had any balls, I would have walked out a long time ago. And head my attorney who's too busy being a big shot, printing his back newspaper. I would have had him notify them that when he wanted me to come back, put in a full system that works and I'll come back into a talk show. If I would have had any balls. You know what I'm saying? And I do have balls but not quite that big yet. But I guarantee you, toward the end of the week, I think that's going to be it for a while. 1056 at 5.60. That's what you QAM. Hey, take it to the bank. Joe. And want to be great if Georgia's still sick. You know, come the end of the week that we have. Joe Costello doing motorsports Saturday on. Come on, George. Put away those drugs please. Or like I said, get them out. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. You know, I'm just going to be a little bit sick. Okay. What I'm now is this time, my wife and me, I bought her cocaine. My blood and everything I've got is a time when you bought cocaine. I'm going to be a little bit more sick than I thought. I'm going to be a little bit sick. What I'm trying to do now is I'm going to be a little bit sick. But I'm going to be a little bit sick. Okay. What? What? What? Okay. What? That's me. Thank you. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. This is like putting somebody on the assembly line and Detroit, you know, to make automobiles. Only there's no parts coming down the line. You know what I'm saying? No torch, no, no not the no equipment. And just standing there, like, oh, boom, make me a car. That's the beastly F and way. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Hey, what's going on? Oh, wait a minute. I'm hearing like, this line isn't so great either. Go ahead sir. Hey, Ed, go ahead. You were talking about the, I don't want to stay from topic too much. I really don't want to talk about sports. And you want anything you want. Okay, you were talking about education and Georgia Bush, everything. Okay, first of all, I think I don't know. I don't wish. Well, I don't have that I mentioned George Bush. Well, here's what I'm saying. Okay, you were talking about Bill Brad, Bro Bradley, right? You know, Bro Scholar? Yeah. I don't know the source, but I had heard somebody say, when he's funded and said that George Bush had higher AT scores and Bill Bradley. George Bush is proud of the fact that he was a very average sea student in school. Okay. I don't like to say, I don't know the source. And what does that make? He's still eminently unqualified. Right. Oh, no. I don't agree. I don't think he's really Bush anymore qualified and John McCain. I'm a Democrat. And I would, I would, I would, I mean, John McCain's just a wise guy is all he's. Well, you got a figure though. I've spent five years of POW. I mean, that's what does that mean? Does that mean to make him qualified to be president? Well, Commander and Chief definitely. I would think this is my opinion. He's qualified to be commander and Chief because he was a prisoner of war. Well, more so I would say, well, I said, I want to straighten it. Well, where's the logic in that? Well, I mean, at least he says to the issue that's won't go on on in the military. Well, I'll tell you what. We probably got some 90 year old people who were in concentration camps during WDW. It too should we bring them back. I mean, they know all about misery and suffering. I hear you. But there's, there's as long as that qualification to be president to be a leader to have a brain to encourage to have the right ideas. Well, that's, I don't know. I'm not saying that's not important. I'm just saying is that at least because the competition says that your policy commander, Chief, at least you have some sensitivity to the issues that were going on in the military. Yeah. I mean, I mean, so what's more, what are we talking about here? Anyways, we can't use about this education thing. I don't know where I is, but personally, why stand on vouchers right now. But I mean, I've heard Dr. George Bush say something interesting. He said the way the system is right now without the vouchers. He schools have no incentive to try to improve their system. And that's one argument that he gave as to why he's going to. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Of course, he's got to bring it away. And that is that they get a failing grade, but we'll do his penalized then so they can be even worse. Right. I mean, that's just double talk. That's bull crap. The fact is that all young people in this country deserve an equal and equality education and this bull crap about they have no incentive. That's just garbage. It's nonsense on a face of it. It's ludicrous. It's things to me. There's not any commitment to great education in this country and anybody with a brain knows that. It seems to me that the Republican side of the country is just an excuse for the right wing lunatics like the Bush's for example, just an excuse for them to face out public education as we know it and to give more money to Perokio schools. That's what that's all about. It's in a leadist mentality is what it is. I don't know. I don't know. And that's why I'm telling you that's what it is. It seems to me that the Republican side. I'm going to start subsidizing religious schools by money. No way, Jose. It seems to me that the Republican side of the way they would do way with the public education. That's that. Well, sure. You're very perceptive. They've already said that and they tried their best to do it. There's a guy that's really on top of it. Isn't he? Oh, it seems to him. Whoo, I'd rather go back online forward ahead than hear that. Oh, listen to this. He's gone pretty good. I bet you somebody's on here. Is there somebody on this line? Hello. It's ringing. Hello. Can we speak to Paul's vaguely blue please? Oh, he's in a middle breakfast. I'm sorry. Okay. That was you into that. 567560. At least like I told you, would Joe Costello's on his board amazing things happen on this show. Never fails. You're betting a thousand even director who's like, a little bit black and a little bit white and a little bit something else. I think line four just called line eight. Line four just called line eight. Let's pick up line eight. Come on. What we're going to have? There's line eight. We just caught line three. You heard a line of disease. This is line disease. It's contagious. It's worth the fricking. That's what around these things. What's happening now is our lines are spontaneously calling each other and the disease is spreading. Better call a goddamn four six seven and ten time. If we're going to about that little kid, we got line disease here on the radio. That was special. That was really special. It was lovely. Don't forget speaking of special mad dog man. It's been for Hector's afternoon between two and six tell a real story about what Cecil was doing in that bedroom. Then it's six o'clock. We got big old dog. No, John, we're not as big as he used to be a monster in his sports business. He'll be here from six to seven if you're led breach. And then like I said, seven to ten thirty and panthers at the Carolina Hurcunes. And if you wanted to turn over to why I see an eight o'clock in progress, they've picked panthers at a money hurcunes. Just to be kind of novel and unique. And you can hear that whole game on the internet, Hurcunes for us sports com and it's entirety. Hurcunes for us com. And maybe even we'll lose. I have something to say on here. Huh? Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. This be good man. This is great. Ask me if I care. Do I care? No, no. I've been here too long to care anymore. They don't care why the hell should I. Just give me the check. Just give me the money. Give a lot of spots on here. And we're just bumble our way along. We don't care. We're proud of it. We do not give a crap. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. You're God speaking. Yes. I just want I'm a friend of Brian's and in sales. And I just want to say thank you very much for the t-shirt and the autograph picture. Whatever. And I just want to say. Yeah. Make a shameless request. So a shameless request is not saying something. I want to say something. You know what you want to say anything. Well, I want to say that. Al Gore is a douchebag and. Yeah. They'll Bradley for president. Well, we'll Bradley ain't going anywhere. I hate to break news to you. No Bradley. No. No. You'll find that up. Sorry tonight. He's not going anywhere. I need a shameless request. No. 560. You already got your autograph picture in your t-shirt. And you're other than Brian sucked around all that. We're getting a little request. No. Not all request to. They've got some very important problems. We have to solve before to a clock. Or else. 560. 560. 560. On the 18T line, the out of town line. 877. 785. 6345. I'm still astonished by the guy in four miles who had the first vacation to think that maybe the Republicans want to do away with the Department of Education. I don't even like that. Wow. Like that. The big secret. Like the Republicans want a lot of tax cuts for the rich. Like that'll be next man. I'm going to call the police. I would benefit from tax cuts. That the Republicans want to put in. Not that I'm rich, but I do make a very substantial amount of cash. I would benefit. But do I want them in? No. No. Because sometimes you have to vote other interests. Other concerns ahead. I've just your own selfish monetary self interest. Like the so-called law and cabinet Republicans. Which is very exactly the same as use for Hitler. 9 minutes after 11 at 560. 560 WQM. Jim Mending's talks for a while. Right here. A sports radio 560 QA and... And beat the Gator Me. 560 WQM. 560 WQM. 560 WQM. 560 WQM. 560 WQM. 560 WQM. 560 WQM. 560 WQM. Hey, hey, you're good, darling. Oh. Why the hell don't you go home? I'm just taking that call on that one. I'm just taking that call on that one. Oops. Aah. I'm just going to buy some storeвalt. So Cycle- Rainbow Quest. When I was twenty and you two told me about it is happening. And if I should not let anyone run out of it, if I did the health care, this will be hard to say. Okay. Why don't you go home? Me and I, no-one daddy! Oh my goodness. Wow. You're the best pair. I don't want to go back. I like shopping for three toys that are You've got your Pokemon teacher and your thing is out here You've had your fun of our tagging So they can get you out of here Is that the point where we can stand it? Everybody's out of the Above all the moody old crackers Who put them does it for us? Oh, hey hey hey hey, young girls, young girls Why don't you go home? Hey, young girls, young girls, young girls Go home and leave us alone But easy look they're giving away 3 SNH green cards Can I have one? Hey, this is Paul's place, the fact that he played out there He has the same structure and we can't have the same night Because the side of each is several times where your phone lines are always busy FYI, National Airlines started flying the biggest on January 21, 2000 Guess what? In week eight, you've got the same way 27 they started flying The schedule which I already gave on the year several times, etc. So on, he says I know because I've worked for company that provides your line information Thank you and Recapah, we already got the right information with you on hand there And we already gave the times up and Hank will tell us to tomorrow hopefully We'll help you back on Thursday, what are we going to be back? He said he was coming back, he said he went out on Delta And he's coming back on National, maybe tomorrow when he's coming back And he let us know just how they are 5 6 7 0 5 60, and so anyway speaking of early on, it's interesting We've got a lot of people who are not putting this big fence up out there With the without the construction permit and further that house See they want to have it both ways and of course the excuse being from our Ronda Ronda Rudeers, oh well we never got an all-in-all of National publicity And the kid wouldn't still be here if it works for the fact that all these people were out there every day See they could have had a lot more people at the INSP building, not blocking the streets But just out there demonstrating lawfully and legally and protesting Of course they didn't have a lot more because nobody else showed up It could have done that and gotten just as much publicity But no the excuse was, oh we had to keep those two-thous 100 people outside the house Because then it kept everybody focused on the house on the issue But now that it got slapped on the wrist by the judge and judge who will told them And the attorney cut the crap that schmoth had attorney cut the bull crap And now because the kid was crying didn't want to go to school again yesterday Starting to show the effect of being a basketball case in the middle of the streaming circus that they've been putting on Now all of a sudden, oh I'm under good year as this asked a media to give alien in the family some space Until I February 22nd hearing Fred Grimm has got another great column in a hero that he by the way, Ali on showdown could get ugly he says Did not exactly what I've been saying could get really ugly, which I'll get into later on I call it again, Fred Grimm, there's the one guy who consistently writes good stuff Nice going there Fred, because this town's getting mighty Grimm How's line 4 doing by the way, just for a little moment of the year Okay, it's not something I've got on the ticket, you saw it there Well look at that line eight is ringing, I picked up line eight and guess what? Hello to me, it's line 4 Look at it, let's hang up, let's do this one more time, everybody watch keep your eye little thing on your radio there And you dial, okay, here's line 4 I just picked it up And I have a feeling that you hear these ghosted tones on a radio Does anyone know lighting they start ringing things because it's kind of you pick up line 4 It's on a line eight, you pick up line eight, it's making the same sound You like it Well it doesn't work that time, dammit So it's kind of like this, it's bad thing, although you don't assign eight me just ringing spontaneously every night And it like has been less than weeks also But the good news is, or I'm sorry it's the bad news It was a memo I wasn't supposed to read on a year, not from broadcast yesterday From George Corso, or sometimes in the near, which we don't see in very often Because he's busy guy in the pages blue and Scotch tape The memo was, well at the system In fact, how come Greg reading come in here? It's that it give me a song that I'm talking about the FCC and that's fine And all the other bookcraft that nobody cares about, including local media How about talking about this phone system that you promised Didn't he say in blood didn't he give us a blood oath? Yeah, that the 14th of February that new phone system would be in here Is it going to be in here on 14th of February? No, no, because we were given a memo from tickers to ever to a deaf lens either chance The rest early from George Corso that's as well Or shipping at some time between the middle and the end of February So we won't be put in on for 14th because we never do anything here on time How's that construction project coming out there in the halls? And those particle board desk and that direct out there is a done yet? No, no, the five year that want to be easily way And by the way, all you people out there that this company owes money to That's our message, okay, we'll pay it when we feel like it I'm going to start doing the same thing and see how long I can get away with that Like FPNL in the phone company, car payments, insurance Amazing, astonishing But they must have the magic cuts, you know, I'm maybe because they walk around looking like they just called out of a sewer And maybe all the creditors feel sorry for them, oh yeah, oh shit, let's look at that, look at the way they dress They can't afford to pay their bills, let's cut them some slack, give them a few extra years So if you want to contest by the way, at Power 96, I just hope you're very very young See that's the good thing about that stage, they have a young demographic, you want to contest when you're 16 Maybe you're allowed to be 51, you know, maybe collect the prize Look at that, 4 and 8, aren't they interesting, can you speak English? Look at that, here's line 8 What was it again? I like the way it rings in the back too, maybe 8 will ring up for this time It seems so cold But I do hear a wave of the apologies Whoo, not good for your nerves, not good for your IBS, I'll tell you that, not been feeling pretty damn good And the peachy yesterday from Godfather's was sensational And Joe, what costellus at the sandwiches, they brought our crap load of food, yes, it was great And then I get myself sick over it And you notice I didn't, I did the smart thing yesterday, I won slice And then I like another one, but not just the topping And then I had some of the topping that was like all munged up there in the middle of the box, but not with any crust Which is still was too much fat for, you know, for what I've been going through, but didn't debob the mean list But it's going to be a wild Joe Here's a lady in Miami, hello Yes, man I'm so happy that I was able to get you I would like to tell you that you are super, you're an exceptional person I never heard anybody with so much drugs and telling the truth Right, like it is Even my doctor said my balls are the size of a hippopotamus Oh, whatever it is, how big they are, I don't care, they are good Maybe I'll send you one for a while Well, something else I like to mention to you is that you make me laugh I'm not a young girl anymore and you don't need a bottle I'm at all part just like you sweet, I'm not a woman, you're a great robber These assholes You say things with such a sense of humor That you make me laugh that I'm a genius You take your seriously your, you know, intestines, your kiss you start twisting, make yourself sick Don't take any time seriously, you know Six hundred years from now, nobody will care about any of this I tell you, I hope you keep on because you like all the things I like I love cleaning, don't I think is wonderful All the things that I like, I never seen anybody that is so much And feel so much like I do There you go So I keep up the job because there are a lot of bad people out there I know the most of them are in this building, so I'm proud of you I got my eye out, have a great day sweetheart Thank you so much And I'll pray for you 560, pon 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying, I want to see these small, small, small, and here now man Of course, some of them will ring, but nevertheless, just keep giving it a shot See what happens here, so already and see just like, I don't know what it is Maybe it's because I feel so much better and have so much more energy after those five weeks of being really sick And my kiski twisted, but boy, these shows are just lying right by I don't know, even Joe would agree with that course he likes all that free food And also, well, else did you take home yesterday? What about the fortune cookies? The fortune cookies, the saddlechairs? Yeah, good boy We came away with a stack of good stuff here yesterday God bless God father, it'll be another round, maybe after my vacation Well, I think about once a month we'll have them come in here Sounds real good to me, it's a great place, right by the head station there on 995, not 995 595 big road extension, just south of 595 So I say that very well, and there are big boy over there, like right to just up the road from a kitty corner And remind me, sub to the side of the street, I believe But God father is just connected to see some of these people are so slow, like he's telling him He's and God father, all their locations they're together, you go outside and you fill up your tank with gas And then you go inside and fill up your pup with your floor gas and you got a smile on your post you're happy camper Here's a mobile in the keys, hello Yeah, I just have to make a, I don't understand what the big deal is with this railway Lewis thing You had a rough year plan football Yeah, that's right, you went out and had some fun with this friend Yeah, everybody's giving them a hard time It's like, okay, he was under a lot of stress, that's right What's the big deal? You're the guy I break man, let him play the friggin' pro ball Yeah, I'm sorry, thank you Five six, oh my, if that's what went to school was for you Five six, oh you went, that's what they usually call it for you Five six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18, two, why was blind? And by the way Lawrence Phillips, the company to dinner by the way sir, they will date your daughter Well, she's not your daughter Here's Holly, would he? Oh, yes sir Last night on PBS, there was a documentary on the Cidale Cast Oh God, I'm sure God, I missed that I was a threat last night, I had a great time at Pompatil Park, so luckily I missed that I completely changed my mind about the Casto and the Cuban man They were patriots, they beat the hell out of the invaders And the CIA was the culprit that wanted to get this country into war I have the highest respect for President Kennedy In fact, he didn't take the bait And the Cuban's got a... He had better taste than bubble boy, but he screwed around at least the women look good Cuban, Julio's got their ass kicked in And I saw the films of them shooting down the plains Why are you concerned about that now? It's 2000, this is stuff that happened 40 years ago, why do we care about that now? Well, I mean, we should be better having documentaries on the Spanish acquisition The Crusades because it's certainly much more timely and appropriate than in terms of what's going on in the world today Well, that's still going on and I'm going to hell a lot more, that's correct So maybe you're right Don't do it again, thank you Don't waste your time watching that crap Because we don't do we care about that stuff No, we just don't care, it's a little measly island down there Nobody cares about it, even the Guelt told me that this morning So nobody really cares Five six, and of course they were all whipped up at the front of the Ice Age Tommy for President Wow, we didn't have been so proud of Tommy, lit into Joe Rose this morning in the hallway I thought they were going to have a fistfight, which wouldn't have come out to good for Tommy, but nevertheless He lit into him, he said, you phony mother scratch in son of a bitch, no good About this Ray Lewis thing And about how little dog is usual as the dumb jocks do on a station Try to minimize it and cover it up and always said to good guy, I didn't believe it And the other thing about their kid recruiting up there in Orlando and recruiting trip You know, finally the girl and breaking in all this other stuff And little Tommy there, he lit an him in a hallway I have never seen such explosive days since the days Nice going there Tommy, you got my vote, I'm right now going to New Hampshire right after the show I'm right in your name and for President the primary tonight That was one of the great, I was so proud of Tommy there was phenomenal We got at least one other guy to building got a big set of wall Tell me, dumb jacca thing or two Tony hypocritical stupid idiotic dumb jacke Too much football without a helmet, that's your roses problem All those jet fans, I think you got a point, I always looked you know, with some Dissteen and those obnoxious terrier stereotypical jet fans that call it a morning show I think they've got a good point, talk about a thick neck blockhead, that's him Excuse makers, WQ and the home of the excuse makers, no matter how many murders our jobs, commit, we'll go on a year and we'll defend him FNA baby Here's Miami, hello You know how you doing that Great, that's good two things Oh, naturally airlines, fly out there, I'm going to Vegas, March, very excited to be ten years old Oh, I thought you were going to tell me that you just came back on there and it was great No, I'm just all excited, I mean two sixty nine round trips and how can you be that? How can you damn that? I would not be deaf There are seven fifty sevens, they're real planes almost, you know I'm looking forward to a very excited, say that the Paris wall out there Oh, you're going to love that place, you're going to love it, it's in a astonishing place It's breathtaking and it's beautiful Don't do any gambling in there because it's brandy, it's like sticking a vacuum cleaner in your wallet They'll suck them on the yard real quick, but you definitely you've picked the right place to go and see Where should I go instead of gamble? Any of this, never place, any place, any place you know, people will tell you not to lodge You'll go downtown in gamble or go to the oldest campus place like the woman on the 53 five minutes a dozen You know, Sam's town downtown, okay, there are casinos that are going to gamble in there There ones that are glimpsing fancy and they want you to picture I like to eat up a can of a gamble and to be honest with it, it's a little on the older side But I love the proper can of I have a look at that joint My second reason I called, do you remember last week after the fan does lots of horrendous can in the jersey? I sure do. And the last caller on the morning show and you got on the air and you ripped him because he said There was a, it was a, um, talking about good wins and bad wins and bad loss That was an idiot at call. Okay, well that was me. There was nothing great about that loss. I wasn't, unfortunately, I got on with less than a minute to go in the show I didn't get a chance to explain myself. Yeah, and it was not a good, you know, it was a shame. There's no other way to get lost. Well, that was a good, that we came away from that came in nothing. Don't you think it was good that we didn't get blown out five to one? Well, why should we get blown out? I mean, the devils are have been hot, but for quite a lot, what's wrong with the panties that they chopped liver? Oh, no, not not a lot of raw effort. Well, no, but what I'm saying, you look at the sex, and I'm the I go back to hockey all the way back to the old WHAD. Please, please, please, please. But what I'm getting at is the fans are getting a miserable record against the top teams and you saw. And they got out there against the devils and they did not get their asses. They did not expect them to get their asses. I expected them to win that came five to one. I would have loved to see that. I would have been a great guy. I would have loved to be able to play with them. What's the big deal with that? I got some nice young players in the broder and broder. They were given two gifts. You're right. My only reason for saying that it was a good loss. I was just looking for something positive to pull out of there. And the only thing, just talking about the way Louis murdered it wasn't him. It wasn't him. It was something else. I'll talk to you when I get back. Wait, no. Shoot that scars. Oh, God, I see back in the Peter North kick again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Scored, scored on the 18. Peter North is 72 and still looks pretty good. I mean, come on. Get him out of there already. Scored, scored, shoot straight. 28 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WCY. How long did you get? I was like, so we won. 2, 3, I made a few college and average this year. I have a lot of money. I'm not lucky of a brain. Like most of you voters who were just this late. But I could say one thing that used to him. My daddy is an ex-president. I got money. I got money. I can do everything I choose. I don't even have money. In fact, he slips the blood of a baby and andra, a baby. Seriously. You can figure everything in that yourself. They'll pop things and I won't get it. L orden. And then making a market in Berlin. matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a nice conversation, please? I'm the king of denial too. I have no problems, life is huge. So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine of my nose a little bit of tooth, a little blow when I'm elected I'll put it in and while that when I put up the nonsense drink and can't do anything. Yeah, one more, come on, one more. No, it's a lot of 32 at 5. 6. You're w't you? I'm happy Tuesday to you. God, I feel great today, you know? Because tomorrow's Wednesday and then after Wednesday is Thursday and then once we get to the end of the week, why don't I go in? 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. No, see that's the reason I keep coming in every day because if I work for a few days then there's another vacation coming up. All right. Yeah, that's what life is all about. Working a few days and going on vacation for about a month. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 6. They were his buddy, mud, tax and what we need them. I'll be sure to go. Yeah, how about another seven month paid vacation sounds good to me. I say seven months is good enough time for them to get a phone system in here that works. Oh, yeah, that should go real enough. So this pain you like an advance or I'll give you a PO box. You can send the checks to and I'll take off and I'll just have months on this time. I'll do it right. Here's four Myers again. Hello. Well, yes, Neil. I would like to thank you for your comment on education. I can't understand people that would fall for this bovine scapology that these politicians put out about what they're going to do with this or education. Yeah, exactly. Joe, I have to kid a grandchildren in school. My wife assists at the school one day a week. You have to be in there to see what's going on. And it's a good education in our public schools. And so the governor to deny money from the school that they deemed as underperforming is just totally ridiculous. How could any problem? I want to say something to you. I said you brought this up and I have a thing. And especially since that dark and plucking guy called earlier in the show, it shows me of being a racist. The greatest crime in education that goes on in this country, the most racist, the most institutionally racist thing that goes on in this country is allowing black students to go to school. Many of them. I don't know what percentage, but a very high unacceptable percentage and not be educated. This is a national shame that it disgrace and unfortunately because black people have very little power in the society. Nobody gives a crap. This is unacceptable to have all these functional, illiterate, we have plenty of white functional literature. But a very high, a terrifying percentage of young black people who can't speak properly, who can't read, who can't write, who gets social promotion, this is unething acceptable. Well, in school and educating in my opinion, how can you have a teacher and a principal who says, let me ask you a question, how can you have somebody in a position like that who can't even speak the language? Or you can't. You don't need to. But you see education in this country, I put higher than police and fire protection and military defense. Yeah, but you're the you and I are the only ones. Apparently apparently it's like our line for and line a, you know, they're just making noises back at each other. I thought we're doing it because nobody cares all they care about is, you know, some dumb job that's making 15, 20 million dollar a year for a throwing a stupid ball around. Exactly. And well, again, thank you very much and glad to know, at least one other person shares my view. For the ones. Thank you. God bless us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60, you go to other countries all over Western Europe and they speak two, three, four, five languages, slowly. And here, let me ask you something that about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Go into some of these supermarkets that I want to mention which ones. I don't want to mention which one. And they got people working in there and not only are they functionally illiterate, but nobody even bothers to tell them, take care of the customer. That's your job. Really getting paid 50 cent an hour, whatever it is. But take care of the customer instead of standing there talking your crap. Oh, does that frost my ass? Never happens in my public. So I'll take it that night's going there, Robert. They don't have to train to people to take care of the customers in a store like that. But you go into some of these marginal, supermarkets, man. And they're talking crap back and forth and about this one's here and they're sliding the stuff along. You even know if they're scanning it or not scanning it or scanning it or scanning it to five times. And they've plopped the change in your hand instead of counting it. I mean, they couldn't give a crap less about you. They're just putting in the goddamn time. So, national disgrace. This disgrace. And instead of Jesse Jackson running around, I'm worried about goddamn Ray Rhodes getting fired because he's a black football coach. He ought to be worrying about this kind of stuff. That's where he ought to be expanding all of his energies instead of talking his Javaswim crap that he talks. He ought to be worrying about the important things like getting blacks and educated America. So they're thinking to speak. And then we can say goodbye to a former election forever. And nobody gets pissed off about it. Because then you can compete on an equal footing like it should be instead of just bringing in my minority people because you got a quota to fill because we got to have a little tokenism there to keep bunkers safe off your back. So it looks like we're doing something. We're throwing a little bit of a little bone there to the minorities. Yeah, we're giving it in the bone all right. Right, dome. That's where. You know, Jack, we go. I'm talking about you go into retail places all the time. And you hear people talk and you couldn't if they held a gun your head in some of the might. If they held a gun in your head, you couldn't tell anybody what they were saying. You need an interpreter and guess what they think they're speaking English. Are they speaking English? No way Jose. I can't even tell you what they be speaking. And these people somehow got through the education system in this horseball country. I don't get it. And also don't get how to sales the pharmacies that they can keep playing fast and loose and bring in the bunch of year and a half old copy. And thinking it's going to be that I'm going to believe that something new that they just whipped up. You people down there on a second floor rhymes with the horror in a sales department here at QAM. Just ask Joe Costella, he'll tell you, he ran on your turn as he ran out by the roots. Get in the way from that goddamn job that he had. Even if it means only making 15 bucks an hour a year, I'm going to every 10 years. He'll put up with it. Because one thing he won't put up with is that sales department here at QAM that really believes that they're pulling the will over my old foggy eyes. What you're not guys, give me something new, give me something to work with just like Gary Sarner, I see outside this morning. But I mean, by the end of time, that it gave him to do all the excuses he gave me, plus the two hours we've been on this morning. He could have written me a nice piece of copy, which I don't want to say what a counter is that we had that piece of coffee coming yesterday, like two minutes before we're supposed to go on a year with Ray, we have no idea what he does. Perry bring it up from down on a second floor. There's another one. Just count in the days, waiting the owner to get out of here, get that tension going. Just go on through the motions. Ray, I have no idea what I do, Perry. And he's there's anybody else. You can't complain about the competency of the sales department here at QAM ladies and gentlemen, because there isn't any. I mean, there's some people down there who are nicer than other people, or some, you know, guys are okay. And there's some assholes too. We don't want to talk about Todd direct today doing? No. No. Hey, chap, we know the scores. Learning his hands of a last weeknight, only on fourth radio five, six, eight, two, eight, out. It's safe to buy any. At five, six, two, W, Q, A, tonight on on PC, it's physical illnesses are funny. Everyone knows it's impolite to laugh, but it's just so darn hard not to, especially with people like Lockjaw Valley. She's what the hell was she doing last night? I don't know, but find the guy sporting the biggest smile by Metro Heekitts Ellis. I heard that. And so can resist juggling at crap backpaw. Hey, honey, you're down. Anything, Paul. Yeah, Mr. Hipbag full of poo. How the old co-op me bag hanging these days. Oh, you guys, psych, physical illnesses are funny. Or at least we think so tonight on on PC. Hey, welcome to camera. That's our slogan. Tamarack, Helenville, Sunrise, Surside. It's in the bag. 5 670 560, Pond 560, and you can smell it on the 18 T. Warmus line. Any other timeline is 87 775 6345. And I just am awful slow. You know, I just realized today is February number one. The first of February. We made it through a whole month in Y2. Can we still all still here? Uh-huh. We made it through another month and we're getting closer and closer that first of March, which is 24 years on the air for this kid in this market. Another anniversary. I don't want to eat those stupid calls this time, George. I'll be setting up any of those phony ass sucking soliciting calls, please. What do I hate that? I don't say if it's so intense here, it's fake. Fake. I don't like fake. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. I've been looking at this for a time like you're already getting their kiss keys in the back. Not me. I don't know whatever. I don't care. This is line 7 and starting to go screwed up too. You're lucky. You got on a good line. You know what I first called in, uh, as well as they're so screwed up with it. What I first called in, it was busy busy and then the middle busy signal. The line went dead. Then I heard you come up on the delay. Listen, we're about five seconds. Then it was back to dead and then it started ringing. Oh, right. I hung up on me. Only on QAM man. Well, it's nice to so inept that it should be a national scandal. Oh, Neil, God. So anyways, I was talking about about one of the one that's stock. No, I'm sorry. Five periods, sorry. That's a lot of times you had a no-he day. What day was that? No one? No, he day for no-he-leon. What was Friday? That was Friday. Any chance we could get that like for the rest of the year? I, they tried yesterday to talk about well, I wanted two things I want to mention, but I'm not going to indulge in these conversations again because we're trying to get away from them. We went out. I understand. We want to away from this cramp. I have a big thing going on the touch of the first I want to do if I can get a shameless request. Maybe the cat in the kettle. Okay. Okay. And in the episode of Dolphin Dance, take a little bit of a day. Take a little bit of a bite. Oh, God. Thank you, Neil. I think he's lost it. He says we got a shot or something like that. How was Jimmy doing? Maybe that was in Jimmy, I'm doing, you know, off the rafor to take care of some of his old boys. What do you think? Uh, some of his old buddies. Coming at old hurricane crowd that he's in so tight with. He was in the limo with Wrendless. Oh, that's bad. That's great, man. Sorry. Joe Costello said that by the way. I've nothing to do with that. How's lying for coming? I bet you they're working on that right now. I bet you they're fit. Uh-oh. Now, it does sound a little bit, I mean, it just abuses on here, but we don't have that loud channel like that that much. I like it better with like that one time when we hit it, we just holling and screaming and puke and like that, you know, it's great. Kind of like the sounds that those guys make at the ball games, you know, like that sports the bulls. Oh, God, we got. And now this is this kind of boring. Send that over to the, uh, to a queer channel. Let's kind of scrap. They put on your boring. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877785, 63445. Give it a shot. You never know what you're going to come up with in your dialies lines. You know, I might be one of the, one of the, one of the goals might be that might be one of these. Yeah, you never know. Oh, I like that. I do like that a lot. And that's my all-time favorite. We've had some loud, howling lines, but I think that one, and it's very peak. I was starting to get like a tingled in my, uh, back to them, into that. Here's homestead. Hello. Hey, Dale. Good morning. Yes, sir. I had this to your, uh, list of bitches about the telephone. The pound 560 has them in the work on all morning down here, and homestead either. Really. Yeah. I tried to try and try and couldn't get through. I just kept on getting recording. When I go through, I don't want to sound like a, uh, down to the Primadanah here, but the fact is, every day I come in here, I'm supposed to be doing the talk show. And every day, this phone has gotten more and more nightmares. And Greg Reed's response is, oh, well, we got, well, system on order. Here it is February 1, 2000, February the 1st. We've been in a studio almost a year. And now they're getting around to a replacing the system that we knew from the 1st week was no good. Oh, well, can you expect management, right? Oh, these people are the absolute worst man when it comes to win. If you look out the word incompetent in the dictionary, you'll see Greg Reed and all the bees leaves, they're pushes right next to the word. Yeah, with my bosses, uh, this nail, uh, a, a, a volume with this, uh, I, I, to get my ice cream from the lights. It would melt by the time I get it back to homestead. Is there any place down, uh, like in West Kendall or the color of your ear, you can get hack and stuff? Oh, do you not can stuff? I don't, I don't know. You don't know that there, there's another place with the same name, which is, and is it, was it the lights or was the other place called that or it kind of level West Kendall? George would have known the lights will take you all out. No, I would have maybe maybe said the light will be great on West Kendall, uh, way like 137th and West Kendall dry. Oh, sorry. It's not affiliated with our place, but they do make some stuff. In fact, some of the stuff that they make down here, they do sell up there at our Delights in Boca. So that might be a place where you would check out. It's called, I think, Delightful Bakery. I want to fall. Okay, thank you free time. Okay, I'm going to break that. Thanks. Let's see. I got to look up, Canton, the kettle here. So we've got to take care of that guy to call before that was absolutely losing it. Let's see. This number 20, it cut 48. Just keep that in mind. This number 20. Yeah, cut for it. Do I think from now on, we're going to take a lot more leisurely on this show. You know, time ago by a lot faster that way. I mean, why do we have to be worrying about, oh, look at this. Look at this. Here's that thing you had about to do. God. What? No, no, I just picked that up. I mistake all I wanted was just this thing. My two front teeth. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We're here to serve you. That's what we're here to say. But believe that. Oh, we're here to get the guy named Spotson. That's what we're here for. To get the Spotson baby. So screw-ang can go down there and keep higher and more of these X-Jocks because she likes something that rhymes with Jocks. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. What's that out of town line? I'm glad you asked. 8x, 877. And you notice nobody ever responds to that. And you want to know why? Because most of you guys people, you're very content to have the black guy in the dark folks are uneducated. You're very happy, aren't you? Oh, you love it. That's so that John Rocker can keep going around and making those comments and a lot of people say, oh, yeah, he got a point there. You know, he got a point. He'd be having a point. Right there at the top of his head. I'm embarrassed. Humiliated and degraded. When I say so many young black people who can't speak a lick. Even a teeny, tiny little bit of English. Here's Vargate. Hello. Yeah, yes sir. Yes. On Sunday morning on CBS Sunday morning or or Clipon on CNN, they had a piece on the, uh, the, uh, in the priesthood, the HIV is very very fine. I'm talking about that a life yesterday. You're way behind a president like you still got a bad headache. Okay. These, those of you people out there, you must listen to this show every day from 10 AM to 2 PM. I don't want to go back and talk about stuff we talked about yesterday. And in addition to which I told you that a long time ago, did I? I bought the bags in the goddamn church. I love it. These, they'll guess what we just discovered, uh, you know, Ben and Jerry's come out with a new flavors called fish food. Wow. Better check that out. Four times the rate of the general population. The HIV infection in the priesthood, at least that we know about not to mention of course all that we never heard or know about. And then of course, we also found that in our earlier today, that they lie about the occupation and about the nature of the disease and do the best they can't assume about the carpet. And then I have to laugh. They have some jackass on our yesterday on the news last night from the church and other one of their henchmen saying, wow, you know, maybe this is a good thing because now the church can, you know, we can then lighten people more about HIV and talk about a more freely. I thought they were supposed to be celibate, not a bunch of guy that provided hypocrite pedophiles is what it was supposed to be all about. Celibacy or his book of Ryan says, celibacy is now what it's supposed to be about. And of course, that that's the sickest concept anybody could ever hear of the very notion that sex must be dirty and evil. And if you're celibate, therefore, you must be better. Isn't that right? Oh, yeah, because sex is dirty. They so dirty. But do it a lot if you make it a lot of babies because we like that. It's dirty unless you're making babies for the catalych church, the Pope likes that a lot. And you also likes to watch. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line of the out of town line man, 877, 785, 6345. You show me a man in a dress and I'll guarantee you. You're one like hell. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, no, um, I'm a black guy. I just moved here about a year ago. I'm so sorry. Where did you come from? New Orleans. Oh, well, like I said, welcome to a better place. Yeah, exactly. That's it. That is, I mean, you talk about stupid. The average IQ, the average IQ in the world is the, in fact, when you're saying hello to somebody, they go, like that every time. God, are they dumb? Yeah, it is pretty dumb. But the thing is, as a black person in the world, and the reason why I can give you my view, the reason why there's so many black people that are uneducated is because their parents are, their friends are, and if you try to be any different, you're considered white. So you're not cool if you actually go to school and pay attention. This is not a product. Isn't that tragic? It's horrible. And I mean, there's no value. There's no moral. I mean, I want to church one day and I had to give a speech. And in my speech, it was teaching kids on how to grow up and, you know, have moral. Yeah. But I was like, who cares what people think of you? As long as it's not, you know, negative or bringing you down. And if it is, don't worry about those people because those aren't your friends anyway. And the bottom of the question of what people think of you, it's a question of functioning and succeeding in a competitive society. You can't, you can't succeed if you're illiterate. No, you can't. There's no benefit. Sounds like an excuse to me for a bunch of people being lazy and shiflousy in the stupid is what it sounds like. Exactly. Well, that's unacceptable. Well, that's all I'm going to tell you how I just want to give you that insight from a and don't unpack too soon because believe me, there's no great shakes either. Have a great thorough. Came here from New Orleans where they say, how's by you? Oh, man. I, for the life of me, I have no idea, anybody wants to go there. Like, set the bunch of professional drugs. But drugs, that's all. You can go to Key West if you want to get drunk. It's a lot closer. All those kind of a hairy ride down there they tell me. But I mean, what's the point? Have you ever been to New Orleans? Never. I thought it's one of the places you must go to before you die. Why is that? Because it's one of the great who told you that? Several friends of mine who've been there. Soar toilet, septic tank. Those are the terms that come to mind when I think of the Orleans. Great jazz. Are you into jazz? It's okay. But is that like a big thing in your life? I wouldn't drive down the block. No. And drunk you can get like you down the block anywhere you have right in the building. You can do that. So what's the point? What is there to go there for? TNA? No, because everybody's like passed out on the street on urban street from too much urban. Crodads? Yeah, Crodads. There you go. And the essence of Emerald. Emerald, whatever his name is, Emerald, you can smell it. Well, he's everywhere. There's another one. And the real chefs, by the way, the great chefs hate him like poison because they say his recipes are bogus. And he couldn't cook his way out of a paper sack. Emerald, Gosse. Emerald. You don't know Emerald Lagasse. The essence of Emerald on the food network. The food channel. He's everywhere. He's got eight million restaurants and diggers. And all over the world. You don't write the essence of Emerald. I know Justin Wilson that could engage in. Oh my god, you don't know Emerald Lagasse. What what kind of wife do you live? What kind of shelter does more to life than direct Geter, okay? I can't. I cannot believe that. Could knock me over the feather duster. Speaking of great restaurants, by the way, before we do this spot, before I do it. I just want to mention about Gary Sarner. He's an asshole. He is the biggest excuse maker, the biggest puddle hacker, the biggest derelict, the biggest foamy. I mean, he had two hours, two and a fact, it was eight thirty. I saw this one. He had three and a half hours. The put together a really constructive meaningful great message for me here to show that he really cared about what he's doing. But of course, why should he be different from the rest of our sales department, right? Oh, yeah. Gary Sarner. He's an asshole. Make no mistake about it. And by the way, you want that computer Gary, I'm sorry. Give it away already. One moment please. I've made up my woodwork paper. Here he is. This is myAPPLAUSE. And all right. Your destiny. brothers. Hey. Wait Mr. and well. Please. I'm leaving the food, they squeeze, so you don't complain. But that's not chicken in your chicken, child. Seems to me I ought to sweeten sour a post, but God feels on my phone. It's burned here on my phone. There's a cat in the cell, like the steam came home. The place that I eat every day at noon. They can feed the cat and we'll have a bowl once they're out there. They're out there up there, so boys, they try and real-crisp into. Shouting, I asked if I wanted more as he was dialing up the sputty at the old. That stars had naps a day, I lost my appetite. Let's do cat in my belly and they want the place. I was sucking on a roll at the tons of juice, when I swear, I flirted with you. And that is where I knew. There's a cat in the cell, like the steam came home. They've got a stop, eaten there with no food. They say that it's taste for the show's home. But it's burned there on my phone. There's a hairball on my phone. I'll write it to minute pass 12 minutes, five, 60W. I'll write it to you. Come on, wait till tomorrow morning. That's a little jow-row's little pussy. He'll be on again tomorrow morning, defending the defenseless talking about what a great guy that Ray Lewis is. And Cecil, he might have to take a little peek. Maybe he might have to get inside to take a little peek. Maybe that's what Hank was saying. Little peek, I thought he said peek. Maybe he had to go. Of course, when you're outside, five, 30 tomorrow, you don't want to pee outside. Do you know? Because then you'll be like Billy Carter and look at what happened to him. Five, six, seven, five, 60. We got to go for lines here, but I'm not going to get too excited about it for obvious reasons because some of them are working. Some of them they don't, and some it's just as well. And the other timeline is open 87775, 6345. Here's my N.E. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I agree with you about the education. Follow up with stuff like that people. Would you really believe that we need to get rid of a form of evaction? Yes. You really do? Yes, I do. I mean, you know it isn't, but that I can be public and you have all these, yeah, people don't want to speak English against jobs. Yeah. I'll play, I'll play for your level. What is it? I believe that you really need level playing field. You need a level playing field means that if you're qualified for a job, you're going to get hired. That's what it means to be level playing field. And you actually think they are possible, even if they want to spend their education. There's a lot of about education, no racism, I have to do it, nothing. I don't understand what you're saying. It's possible if you don't have an educational wife that's so many people don't have an education. That's all they are that you can't do. If you don't have an education wife, you should get the job at the first place, just because you're a lacquer, Hispanic, or whatever you're a woman. That's the way it is. You know, it's a bad race. It's a really good race. It's all suit. That's why they have all these lawsuits. Yeah. That you asked me my opinion. That's my opinion. Whoever's qualified to do the job, they should get it. That's what I believe. I give up. Okay. I understand what he's saying, but I mean, it has to come at times sooner or later. And then if you're not going to take advantage of education or if you're not going to scream in your yell instead of screaming about OJ instead of screaming about the Ameratists in the Jesse's scream about a bunch of punks up there into K to Illinois who started to ride in a high school up there. Take care of the important things. Take care of making sure that everybody is getting an education. And by the way, those kids now are getting an education and an alternative school without disrupting everybody else. That's the important thing. Not being milled is walking around with a guy named Chip on one shoulder and a guy named Boombox on the other one and that's stupid guy named Rack Music which contributes to a literacy of white and black kids something fierce. And believe me, on the last person to start being a funny dirty about music. And the out-set you right now, today they let Elvis swivel his hips on the air. That was the end of America right there. That's right. Anybody believe that? No. That sounds good though. That's what Ed Solomon said. I bet you that Joe Costello don't even remember the Ed Solomon show. Five significant not only has been in New Orleans or Boston. I mean, how could how could an Italian kid like you never be in Boston? With little Italy, would one of the great of all the cities in America? I'm trying to I mean New York goes without saying because I got all the ethnic things. But it all of a time. New York where? I've been in New York. No, I said Boston. I said New York has got great Italian food because New York is so big and I got great whatever you want. But I'm saying of all the other cities outside of New York. I would say Boston is got to I mean the whole North End is all Italian restaurant. It's great for what I mean dig. I mean the Italian. Greed or Guitos. I want to go and plus it's a great city and there's like and there's a living and breeding. People are too. There's all the colleges and universities and they believe little schools and art de Farsi whatever and MIT and whatever. It's all there. Dying to go. Quincy a market. Some of the best food you'll ever pop in your post. What a great place that is. Great food Boston has got great food. I'm on the line with my travel. So if you don't but seriously I would say it's about the same distance. It's about the 1,000, 1,000 miles. I don't know what it is to New Orleans but it can't be much less. It's about the same. Same distance. So why would you want to go to New Orleans when you can go to Boston the same amount of. Travel time and go to a place that's like more sophisticated we're living and Breeding people more. You're kind of people real people not a bunch of dumb mugwoms like those idiots in New Orleans. I'd rather go to Chicago. The dumbest people I've ever seen be the people in New Orleans. Actually you never been in Chicago. Oh, I'm going home. I just give up. Would you rather me just tell you where I have. Man just celebrated his 27th birthday. He has never been in Boston. New Orleans, which you're not missing. Chicago. How about Detroit? You're not missing anything there. I've been to Detroit. Well, like I said, you make it. Just go to Detroit. You were there. Bad choice. And you survived. And he came back from Detroit a lot. I was here. I was right. Which means you didn't go on 12th freedom assuming. Where did you go in Detroit? I just drove through on my way to Gross fast. That's good. Right to Gross. Well, I'll say why people are. It's good. Throw by the stadiums though. We're both white people are in Detroit in the Gross point. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. Oh, you weren't Pontiac. You go by the silver dome. Was there, too? And then I see how smart those people in Detroit are. They put the stadium about 700 miles north of the city. The stadiums. The new and old. Yeah. The old one. The old one was great. You never were in the old tiger stadium for baseball again. No, just drove by. Close up where you're like sitting. So close to the field. If you're practically Ricky Rickey reach out and say, hey, then I'm a claim you're an asshole. You know, you're just great. It looks fantastic. And by the way, since we're talking about scumbags, jobs for all new sports is the thing that I'm afraid to just pick on dark folks. How about then I'm a claim? There is a guy he had it all. How many times did this guy get a reprieve? God damn freaking then I'm a claim. 50 million times. And he come on. He's still ripped off that guy. Then you need his back in his slammer again. Here is a man who had a larsonie in his heart and in his parts. Then he freaking McLean. And I'll never forget that year. Was it 67 year that he won 30 for the tiger? Uh-huh. And Mickey Loach had the great series of one three games in the series. God. Those are the days. That of course is right before the riots. Was it before the riots or are you? And then once they had the riots in Detroit that was the end. You see, I hate to break the news to you. And I've said this before, but when dark folks burned down their own neighborhood, it's generally enough a very good idea. Here is a sunrise, hello. Sunrise. And I know this line has gotta be working. I know that somebody maybe they expired and sunrise, you think? Oh, there you go. They're playing armaterials back to what's you're going to. Very far in the distance. Thank you so much. But I got a better quality disk in here. 560, 505, 60, 560 on the 18th, equal to this line. Oh, this is someplace special day. I thought that was WI. Who was someplace special for crad? Oh, they're not on the air basically any more anyway. They got some bunch of newscraft on there. Now, so maybe we can be someplace special. Although they got Dr. Laura on there, there's some case special. That bitch that man hitting homophobic bitch. And this brought is getting paid. She's on eight million radio stations. The stupid obnoxious bitch hated by mostly tested by anybody with a brain. And she's making a fortune and she's on all of the goddamn country. And I'm sitting here with a goddamn with a talent of God. And I'm sitting here in Miami. It is horse and buggy town on a make believe radio station. One by a bunch of morons. Yeah. But I'll take the money like I said. I was lying forward to a better check it on. If you're not in the sea, or if sounds pretty good today, listen to that. It's kicking in the big town now. It's going anywhere. Oh, oh, I'm sorry. What was she saying there? If you'd like to make a call. I don't know. And they value our children. If you'd like to make a call, you can't make a call. I'm off. I'm on a Saturday noon at 5.50 WKOM. I guess you can. Once there was this news. It's thick as hand under his arm. It makes his gun sound so many. And he turned his eye this side out. He drank a glass of milk from straw suck up. All in one, John. You were tooim-tzy, too. Think I was a cat or two. He was not with a hammer on the ground. And when you got them five or the workers there could be. But open a phone from the water. live and speak with me man, and for just a half year. Welcome to the 5-6-W-Jump, and I'm so thrilled to see you all again. The hurt clothes and the, uh, pat pantsers. Seriously, this probably is the first time in history this has ever happened. I mean, we can't distinguish ourselves in any other way. No, but this is, how come the overhead just to kind of like die or something? So I don't posse you with it, but just strange. But I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't take a little leak. Scorts work. And come back in the levels are all screwed up in here, but I don't really care. Do I care? No. No. I'm just, my philosophy is, I'll do the best I can. It's all I can do. Can't make these people a real broad characters, can I? No, do the best I can. Anyway, the first time in history it's a two-panther hurricane sports event. Could never have happened before could it? No. Florida Panthers at the Carolina Hurricanes hockey seven o'clock per game. Say again, time of seven thirty here on QM five sixty and eight o'clock. We joined in progress because they probably got some other sold piece of Grab programming on a station at seven ninety waxy. 8 PM Miami Hurricanes, the pit panter basketball. Uh, which that game could also be heard in its entirety as you just heard from Tommy in the very Distorted spot, but we love your Tommy on the internet at Hurricanesports.com. That Tommy boy, I wish you audience could I wish we had a tape recording of that. It was sensational because Robert Greeper was a one-run around probably stealing stuff from In here again, which he takes a lot of our cards. But he was ahead the door open because we were George was coming in which we're just still sick. Uh-huh. And so he says to me, do I have to do it open or close? I said I can't even let her turn John. Yeah. And he walked away the door was open. That outer door into the hallway. So I could hear like all the stuff that's cutled, but you know, with the worst team producers and then Joe Rose could see it. One thing I don't understand about that. Maybe you can explain it to me. I mean, like just now I went out to take a leak or if I had to get up and get something on the refrigerator or whatever. I get up a couple of times during the show, but I'm doing a radio show. Those guys and I realized they have much longer breaks, but they get up and they just wander away and then peel. What? Two minutes? Two minutes? Default? Can't get on the crap for 30 seconds. What is that? They're busy slapping each other with towels. Oh, that's what that's all about. Uh-huh. I wonder why Joe came and dressed like that every day. Here's a mobile and must-tongued be, chill out. Hey Neil, yes sir. What's going on? Good looking. I was looking. Joe Rose is a panic, you know. I like the wee wee. Yeah, that's what I wanted to talk about. That's fun. Yeah, that's a lung head man. Oh my god. It's a lung head. He did morning. He was saying that he doesn't believe defending real Lewis. Well, no, but he said he doesn't believe that many cases of breaks that are committed by athletes go unreported. Oh, of course. Like we know that all women in the care rape immediately call a police and tell all parents to put it on their way. We even knew about sea-solded decals, problems, all they like they were all reports. And interesting how the dolphin organization covered up the other incidents that he had at his complex where he lived. The ones that happened in the summer time before we decided to go in and take a look in his broad house at 5.30. And morning, if you pulled up the screen from the window, broken window. Uh, isn't that interesting that they had those all the proper options. And there's some else I've been wanting to talk to you about it. That's a little practical. If anybody's the Y covered up on that organization either, but I'll go to that later. Yes. Yes. Hank Goldberg said, right after that, the sea-sold colon, the old broke out. Yeah. He came out with his own little story. Did you ever hear that? Of course I did. And I've been ripping him ever since. And it was absolutely unacceptable. And then when finally, sea-sold made his confession. And when I ripped back again on the air that morning forth, he came on and said that after doing kind of mubble the few things under his breath. Well, he said he was just trying to take a look. And it's all over. And as opposed to seeing that, as opposed to saying, I was wrong. And these guys, they always spread rumors about the woman. She's always the one that's tried to be made to be the loost. And I'm not just a sender and the perpetrator. And it was all about to lie. And they interviewed all the dolphin players. And I understand through rumors by the way, I don't want to mention Paul Castro, no, but Mr. Rippoff, I understand. He's still defending and making up stories about this woman and saying she was banging all the players on the team. And all the other bullcrafts, which is apparently untrue. Probably to save his own save. Jump bags, defending other scumbags. So I find it very reprehensible and unacceptable and disgusting. And he's catching one. Oh, thank God. He knows better than that. That was fun. Yes. And everything. Got me. Okay. You're out. Over and out. 877, 785. Look at us. It's 20 past noon already. It's like falling off the log doing the show anymore. You know? And if we had a phone system, I'd work with that. It wouldn't be nearly as much fun because then we couldn't do us like this. Oh, I love it. I'm thinking they don't even like this. I think this is becoming integral for the show. It can reach our numbers, but at least they have a point. Oh, I love it. Put that one on with this one. Oh. Yeah. You know how they do the stories on TV news. Only on 7. Only on 10. Only on 2 AM when you hear these sounds, boys and girls. And the ones you just heard too. Yeah. That's right. We got it all over that queer channel, man. So almost Peter, let it go. Yeah. That's right. We got it all over that queer channel, man. So almost Peter, let it talk about this morning. We said, say goodbye to me. And I crossed my fingers and my legs. Is he leaving us, too? Because he didn't come in here and knew his usual phone. He will only suck up routine. I mean, he's he is what he is, you know? Because that's sales. The bad revolving door is spinning like a cradle down there. These this sales department that talk about a turnover. I did see guys with nice white coats entering the building like you could do it. Excellent. And also we got the pharmaceutical reps that come into try to compete with a little bit of the pandemic and say, oh no. Yeah, so the riddle and truck backed up to the door and down stairs. They're going to take him out of here and a goddamn straight jacket Peter Leonard. Poor Peter, Peter Pumpkinator. And I understand that before I came here it was like kind of a normal guy. Is that true? No. I don't know. Maybe just go to the territory being a salesman. Maybe salespeople have to be a little bit on a little bit on a little, when you side. John Pina's wasn't the bad guy though. I always liked Pina's and he's gone. I was not interested in the only lines that aren't live. We were not paying the repair attention line. Oh, I'm not satisfied. That's what I'm talking about. I need to be a 4 and 8. Who do we appreciate? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I am E3 and 4-3. All right. I got a blast from the past for you. Yes? Are you sitting? I'm sitting down firmly. I'm squeezing it. You let my stomach and go, Burke. You don't need to go down. Hey, stupid. I got that anyway, man. Maybe you can do it in stereo. Where the hell is that? Oh yeah, yes. Don't solamente is tank goldberg. That means it's only people for town. It's not just tank goldberg. It's a hippo pop-up. You let my son my hand goldberg. You let a hippo pop-up. Is that you? That's me. All right. Excellent. You know, all that is. How old is it? I see it at least seven years. That's from WI. D from the old days. Exactly. That when we worked with almost some real broadcasts, we were almost definitely. Anyway, I'm back in town. I'm listening again, and I'm having a good time. And we're still all screwed up. I have a great day, pal. Thank you. God bless you. There's the guy that said the years ago. You let my son my hand goldberg. You let a hippo pop-up. That was funny. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Where I was flying mad dog mandates today. Yeah. Between two and six, you better watch his man. It's guy. You don't pull any of all over his eyes. You won't hear Jim Manich on. You're making up excuses for outrageous murdering scumbag dogs. You won't hear him coming up for OJ. No. No way. OJ. That's what the mad dog says. And thanks again, mad dog. For my lovely autographed naked picture of Tommy Brady from the University of Nishigan. Well, that's your turn. Me around. That Tommy Brady. So to speak. But not in the way you think. What was that little abword that you got before? Was that like a piece of copy thing? Was that something for my attention before? You got a little memo there from our, what was that? She's just a tag you're going to put on the Brandy spot. Starting to two. Oh, start. I have to wear my two to what I do the Brandy spot. I don't think. Oh, my friends at Brandy's love me. I don't have to be wearing no two to. Today is February the first. I'll be goddamn time is moving right along. And at home, of course, I'm like the people on death row, you know? Or the people waiting to get, I guess the people on the thrower are doing it. But the people in prison for a long time. They're counting on the days you know what the chalk thing on the wall. I'm doing the same thing at home. Right there on the wall. And the huge picture of who's that, who's the old singer that I got that big thing of on the wall? Joey, no, it's not Luis Miguel. It's Jerry Rivera. Well, I'm sure it doesn't look that good anymore. One of my good, some of my buddies from part of the Spanish language news estate since many years ago, came in his huge, huge photo of a glossy thing of Jerry Rivera. And it's on the wall. And how is that? Because it looks all like great. Just takes up some good room. Plus when people walk in a state. Oh, look at that bag. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Plus I got the 2000 calendar with those twins up on a wall to right next to it. Which I got news for a Jerry Rivera dollar fact good. I don't think anybody looks quite that good. No, no. Even Joe Castelo and met those twins look pretty good. Even you would admit that. What? On this calendar pack. You've never seen this calendar? Oh, yeah. You don't worry about the day. This is QA and we don't care. This is good now. I feel so much better. I think my IBS is what did it to me. I don't care. Dead air a little bit who cares. This is the. In Tree. This was light. No, this is 98 calendar. We've finally got the 2000. I got a tear to have it all the wrong months. Not matching the urino. But these are like identical twins who are probably are like whatever they are. Very close buddies. I guess you might think. So I'm black and white. I'm bigger part. That's okay. That's okay. And you would admit that those are too very fine looking. I'm in. Stereotypically attractive. Well, and what does that mean? Stereotypically attractive. She's stereotypically. Need like that. See that? And that's kind of cute. What? Is that grow. There's a few rather. There's nothing. They are there. They're identical twins. You asking me if their brothers are identical twins. In their hands or caressing each other. Well, it's just a calendar. It's a for baggage like a kindergarten. It's a teddy bear. I don't know that these guys are fags. You know what? I'm cool. You can only fantasize. Huh? Holding a teddy bear. But you know about identical twins. Don't you? I mean, it's bad enough you never been in Boston or Chicago. But you certainly must know about identical twins. My twin was killed at first. You had my identical twin? No. Just a regular twin. Neither. Well, what did I know about twins? What do I know from twin? In other words, you're the baby Elvis? I met one of your hair twins. One different time in your life. You know, they were Korean. Stick to your auto racing. You're always a good guy. But he knows he knows he knows his very limited. Like most people in South Florida limited the repertoire. You know, swing clubs. You like George. George has got swing clubs, Cubans and religion. And you got swing clubs auto racing. And auto racing and swing clubs. Any Yankees. And that's about it. And I got this calendar and you don't. And I want it and you don't. And I want it and you don't. So there you go. Yeah, Geneva would be very upset if you saw your bring that home. 26 pass note is all of us. You might take a look at it. It'd be very interesting to say, holy crap. Jim Mandage talks. Oh, Ryan right here. I'm proud of you. My 60. 8 out. Oh, frosty lad. Hi, I'm a sports fan. I love sports. I eat sports, drink sports, sleep sports, and I listen to sports. I listen to you all the time because they give me the inside take on what's going on with teams and stuff. And now we got the Super Bowl coming up and I'm really getting hyped up with all this media stuff to do it. And I like to follow along because I can see what's happening. And we're going to do like go like to my friends house. We're at a 60 inch screen. And we're going to drink like beer and then we're going to have a 15-minute. And I'm going to take off my shirt. Right there. They came like, you see people do it. They're like, you super ball. And I'm going to make my arms going like this and go, I'm going to do that. You know, you know, you hear, woo! You know, that's that net meeting in this year. Woo! And you know, sports is really all about my life. Because I love talking about sports. Talking about sports with my buddies and stuff. You know, some of them they got wild and girlfriend stuff. And I have enough chance to have one of them. Oh, sure. When I was my buddies, I talked about getting laid. Oh, sure. I was going to go and have one of those. I've had that laid. But but mainly sports, sports is what I do. That's right. I thought about sports all the time. And then I go home. So I got really my efficiencies, a hot plate. And I didn't bed and dropped cracker crumbs in my underwear. And that's all my life pretty much. It's just a sad sport. It was quite a nice night. It was so sad by life. Well, well, well, well, pathetic. Okay, 1231 at 5.50 WCM. So speaking of Christina Aguelera, which we were yesterday, the word finally came to mind. I was driving home and it suddenly struck me. And it was to describe her in one word, which I despise in the word is Mousi. She's Mousi looking. Besides the fact that she's short and tripping ways about a hundred pounds is about 80 pounds, about 40 pounds. Mousi, she was in the Mickey Mouse club. There you go. Now we understand why she was in the Mickey Mouse club because she's Mousi looking. Oh, my Christina baby. She's a skank and dancing for Richmond. 5.670560 on the AT&T line. Yeah, in fact, I understand when she heard her audition, the name of the guy that she auditioned for from the record company was Edge Met. And she said, oh, I can't sing for Schmidt. And they said, that's obvious. Here's the mobile in Fort Laterdale, huh? 80, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Listen, but now I'm a little bit, and I'm not your assistant man. You're Mr. I just want to know how a nun at Barry University can afford that house. Yeah. One that they had for me. The lady was very frugal. I mean, you know, nuns don't go on a lot. Yeah, that's true. She was pretty nice. Wasn't that ambitious, buddy? In fact, maybe she knows the frugal fruity gourmet. It's possible. Speaking of frugal. I think she was going to ambitious the body. Might have been. I just didn't know what she had the finger on the pulse of channel 10 news in those days. On the finger. Uh-huh. All right. Thank you. I didn't know when that was discussed enough. Oh, it's moving. We've two to up and spit it out. We're still gagging on it. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Oh, stop. Let's see how line four is living up to its billing here. Come on. Let's not that into good. Yeah, give us a little shot there. There we go. This. Great. Yeah, see if I'm in management. I mean, bluff of course is nothing. You can do him. He's just a lemon in there. Just take a check and try to keep a low profile and make up his thumbs schedule. But of course, being in management is there's a one-pony show. It's only Greg Reed. And if I was him and I had a brain, I'd be really embarrassed. You know, of course he doesn't have a brain, so he can't be embarrassed. There's an old saying that fits this place perfectly where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Well, if there were ever line, I mean, I heard that as it in years ago. But if ever there were a place that that fits right to a T, this is the place where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Here's the Fort Waterdale. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'd like to talk about the caller. Yes, sir. The call to Hank show. I made a dress of caller. Call Hank show. If you might call him me about that. Well, because you can relate to Matthew. You know, I don't relate to Matthew. His call on Hank. I don't know how to relay man. Okay. We don't relay facts. We don't relay messages. If you wanted to discuss something that happened on Hank show, have the call on Hank and do it with him. Yeah, what do you, what kind of crap is that? I have no patience for that crap. If you wanted to bait something that took place on somebody else's show, why in God's name? Why in Duke's name? Would you call me in the start in the last? Because you know that maybe you'll get me to agree or you'll do it out of context. Well, whatever. I don't play that, came, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Tole free line for the entire universe for it. Myers, Palm Beach, Boston, Chicago, New Orleans, Niagara Falls, all the places that Joe has never been to. 87, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45. I see you never have been to New Orleans and Niagara Falls. You're not missing anything. Niagara Falls is just a tourist trap. Very, very overpriced especially Niagara Falls Ontario. And what, what do you see the water pitching? You can go to the Lajio and Vegas and see water pitching, and at least have a good time. But the Niagara Falls is strictly not the place to all of you. They do have a casino there now. Anybody in the audience, Vinci, you casino and Niagara Falls. Oh, the chair about it. Never, never dawned on me. There may be one good reason to go there all the way down it. Very, very high price tourist trap. The worst. Almost as bad as put in the boat without the beauty of Florence Italy. That's a beautiful place but water tourist trap. Don't buy any jewelry on that damn of view. What else in there place? That's a ponta dejo. Hey, you've been there having you for a digitally? No? No. If you've never been to Italy? No. Italy's for hot shots, not up and coming ready. I saw plenty of shlepers in Italy. There weren't hot shots. The people that I saw there. plenty of very marginal shlepers. And I saw plenty of tourists there backpacking and stuff like that. Backpacking? What's wrong with that? I don't backpack. Oh, a skew was me. You know, backpack. In other words, you don't want to go there badly and I think you would bring yourself down to that level. You wouldn't resort. You wouldn't lower your standards to go there like a shleper. You have to go there like first class, like maybe an alataria. Like next to the Pope. That's not okay. I plan on living a long time. Okay. You know something with all the respect. I hope you lived to 150. But people will say those things. You know what happens? They walk outside. Oh, and there's a big Mac truck. You hear all the opportunities that you had that you were waiting for. It will matter at that point. Because I'll be dead. Excellent point. Here's pepper pine. Tell us. I think you're how you doing. Okay. Boy, the NFL is really getting a bad idea. What if you're not dead? What if you're like an abedstable in a chair for the rest of your life with a bag. And you're sitting there going a little bit like this. And you're thinking to yourself, oh, gee, I wish that all that time I could have been an Italy in Rome. But in Wempsorice. That's okay. Good point. The NFL is really getting God a bad wrap today. Yeah, I don't your love that line from Ray Lewis. It's the devil. The devil is busy. Always after God's children. He's always trying to get you one way or another. So basically what he's saying is he's the devil on it. He's the devil. He's trying to get. No, he said the devil's done it. Okay. Well, I got maybe he was the devil. No, I saw him in his son of a kid. I'd cheesen over the dog done it. That's over the question. Maybe he's when your God people out there can answer this. Maybe he got too many dogs on the elevator. But anyway. Maybe. And he's most of my adult life. I'm so sorry. Have a committee in a crime as a juvenile art and adult. Wouldn't you think the devil would really be after me? I mean, I don't kind of get that. He goes after God's children. He goes care about you. Godless atheist like you and I. Oh, so he doesn't. Okay. You and us. I'm so okay. So I don't have to worry about the devil. Not at all. He doesn't do you don't give two or she meant to. Oh, great. I was starting to worry about that. All right. Thanks. I have a great day. I've got a bless you. Let's pray for that guy. Okay. Godless atheist. 560, 550, 560 on the AT&T line. Fargo第一個 dies. We're all going on five years behind the world in a long single oso. Here on a great Tuesday. It's almost an e-free Tuesday. Let me highly recommend. I'm not going to be on the air. I don't want to go through again, but Fred grimstrings right. And you know, in anticipation if Ali on goes back, we don't want any more crap at his town. We don't want any more threats. We don't want any more bulltraten social efforts at the tutorials. Oh, oh butt of crap. Nice going. Fred grim. I say Fred grim. Tommy for president. Fred grim provides president. Town Chicken Away. So Jack Chitter,ハ Cl guy. by the way, Tom, you know about the FCC final he never got that story. No, that's okay. Just pay it. Just pay it, okay. Just pay the damn thing it lets move on with life. Comes in here, Mr. Mr. Hotshot, Mr. Broadcaster, scratching his head. Well, I said this and he searched into the thing. Go search someplace else, okay. Go get a search party, Greg. Maybe you can find a brain somewhere. How do I do it? God, he got me. 21 before one is 560 WQM. You got with the first piece, Joe Rowland. Check the parts, if he goes to you. No, he's going to be boring to fix. Only on sports radio, 560 W.A.M. This is Joe Rowland, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Ow! Go over here. Their nuo starts now and they are getting done with balls. What aPRC regular-due park is going there. What a delicious stuff playing with it. What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world? What do you think about the world?