On 5 6 8 W a ever since a gramont contractors are talking about important features and trophies since 18 times. about 17 7 7 7 7 glad C violence and is penting up the small burrows handling systems. The next question is guest your partner. Does not look like those of the community rockets. It's that. After the last one reach. Now the Neo Roger show on 5-6-V. K-A-L. The third part. Down, down, down, down. Mark is going down, down, down. Mark is going down, down, down. Mark is going down, down, down. Talk about data, down. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, the Pro-Gerus call it. And he's telling me the park is falling. Now he's standing by his wheel. So call it. He's coming up with me. Oh, oh. I thought it's our fate. Even though I don't accept the fate, I'm waiting for his statement. I'm just a mistake. I'm gonna stop with me. Oh, Mark is wrecked. My life is blacked. But my very eyes. Talks on your bed. Then I'm your bed. I hope ever, coffee. First, first. Now I stand in. Fifty floors above fair. Peace landed. Oh, I, finally, I'll be a friend. It's coming, jump with me. Okay. On me. This is killing me. I'm sorry. Okay. 10, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0. It's only money. Only people so worried about it. Just become and cool and collected like me. Where's that goddamn mitcher? Actually, the one I'm pissed off is that Frick and Allen Greenspan. That's the son of a bitch. And all of you people out there, 90 percent of you. Oh, no, you're wrong. You don't know anything about it. I'm not sure about it. But he's a genius. Well, you know something you're right on the first part. I don't know nothing about economics. I don't know anything about investing. I don't know nothing about stocks. And I still think that yesterday, I would have cut the goddamn interest rates. Because this side of a bitch is what it's cost. There's a lot of money. And during these holidays, we're not supposed to have these feelings of our still. They are we? No, no, only third Peter Leonard. But not to anybody else. The next actually, down 109. And the dial's only down 180 this morning. And then it's markets been open already 32 and a half minutes. What are you bitching about? I mean, the next tax all the way up there to lofty 24 102 points. So what are you complaining about? That's going to be our pull quite today. We'll do a little thing. And not only that, but it is the holiday. Thanks, everybody. It came out of the pizza loft last night. We had a tremendous turnout. A mammoth turnout. And I want to thank my good close personal friend, Tanner. Although, you know, he did a great job for us waiting on our whole table last night. But when I got there, he said, what would you like me? Well, I said some hot sausage. And he just never, he never really understood it, you know. But he did the best he could under hard circumstances. But anyway, thanks, Tanner. I'll get you next time. So we raised two grand airless nights for a planned parenthood. And our total now is 76,000, 630. We had some other checks the other day from 80K and some other people. So I've got to be getting close to like 80,000 bucks. Which isn't fantastic, but yeah, listen, what can you do? You do the best you can with all the people out there stealing our CDs and making copies. You know, burning copies and feeling the stuff up master. We'll do the best we can. Next year will no better. Which I'm maybe not sure I know what I mean by saying that will no better. But we'll know either a better way to raise more money or we'll know better than to try it again. One of the other, one of the above. Now, as we had a lot of interesting people there last night, we had some of those are people and as usual, we'll cross section. Speaking of a cross section, my good close personal friend Harvey Slaveen. And Harvey from Kendall, Harvey from Miami Beach, Harvey from Boca, Harvey from Mahale would now. Harvey Slaveen, a chronic if there ever was one. At least he doesn't call anymore. With that whiny voice, you know, kind of like Julie Raman on a bad day after a bad case of gastric distress, of good. But anyway, he writes a letter to the editor in my defense. Thank you Harvey, even though I don't need you to defense, but that was certainly very wide to him on it. He factors me a copy to the aherald. He says editor, even though the Miami Herald and radio personality near Rogers continue with each other's trotes, there was no need for Kevin Baxter's slam of Rogers in this column of 1219. Contrary to back to his opinion, the Rogers allowed those who opposed his views about alien gondolas as kidnapping and the presidential race to be heard. Usually though, those on the opposite side of Rogers reduced the level of verbal exchange from to calling him a communist, or reduced it even further by calling him for his names that portrayed needles openly gay lifestyle. That's right Harvey, some pretty damn nasty stuff like like, you're gay. Yeah, as far as Steve Kane and John Broward drawing large audiences as back to Rhodes's concern, neither have ever received an arbitron rating higher than a blip. Yeah, I'll sorry Kevin. Unlike the Rex Limbaude, did oh head, another shows his list is simply, parent the mindset of the talk show host, the Neo Rogers colors, probably the most varied and have the most varied opinions of all radio talk host audiences in America, so it's Harvey Slaveen. Even though a lot of my bozos, all I said that, why use a drone like Kevin Baxter to fight your ongoing battle with the Rogers, why Harvey Slaveen and Hollywood to the hairl, how do you like that? Thank you Harvey and the quick-painful chronic. But at least there's somebody out there who came to buy a defense and like I said, we don't need it because the ratings came out yesterday and we're right back up there again. Guys go on boys, the want to go this morning and I must say this in defensive beef or and Geldian Joe especially beefl, but he really grew up here because I was sitting in there like, I was staring him down while I had that suckhold mayor on this morning for about 15 minutes, sitting in there staring him down and boy, you could see his muscle growing, while I was sitting in there staring even Joe was making them all kinds of faces, give him a big push. Guys go on there, beefluck and some tough questions and of course it was the same, you know, same old tired crap, the same. Oh well we can't use that money for anything else and that we only wish we had the money, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. You're nothing but a phony in a crook Alex, you're not fooling anybody with a brain. He never met a billionaire that he couldn't make a behind-the-scenes backdoor dishonest deal with. Oh gee, what are we going to do? We have we can't afford to lose baseball. The whole thing boils down to the same deal and that is how many years have they been trying to do this? The Harold and all those other special and Mickey that that area down there that's so called downtown corridor that that's a slum that's a toilet, wither without the American Airlines arena. And that's all they care about is you know getting their property values go up and try to like you know, fed their bed a little bit more, at the expected everybody else, that's what Metro Rail was all about, or everybody's going to go downtown, aren't they? Oh yeah you'll see we're going to build that thing and they'll all come to the day come, maybe they came but they shouldn't come downtown because I think that's illegal anyway. Well the Crocker Crap, here's a call from Kendall, hello. How you doing? Yes sir. Are you out of town? That's all over the country? About what? I've had an idea here, he don't even know what those showy's listening to. He called earlier with a full, a call earlier with a showy's on this idiot. I thought we actually had a call around there already. I'm not planning on many calls when the holidays now. We're going to have a bonus made calls that we have spots. You've understood that. It's Christmas time. What are you talking about? It's Christmas. We're not going to have any callings. But our numbers came right back up there. We had another real good month. I want to start it as it was for the benefit of Hank and a morning guys, which I'm sure both of us already massage their ego or whatever he massage them with. But you know October, arbitrage just couldn't find any of our audience in October. They really shat that it. They stuck it to us. I hope you've croaked up there in Beltsville, okay? Whether you're goddamn phony sampling. And all these Julio stations that went through the roof, I mean, radio, or even Howard for a coin, I love. Number, where the hell is that? Oh yeah, wacky. wacky even though it's all old ancient demographics. Radio, man be beats the crap out of Howard and men in this early this trend. Anybody believe that? Oh, of course not. Radio, man be my ass with a 7.9. You'll see how long that's going to last. That's all at, you know, right wing political hysteria, the emotional crap. So maybe maybe next time, I can December when you do the final month of this fall, broke up there in Beltsville. Maybe you could find some people speak English. You jackasses, you morons who still can't sample us mocking. You never been able to. And of course I should be the last one to complain because knock on hardwood. I've done pretty damn good news numbers for many, many years, but nevertheless, if still a real battle because every now and then it come up again with a month. And it can't find anybody who's speaking English, even as far to stations went down this time. Big time. I think they were like interviewing all the people that came in on Penenobot. And all the rubber rafters that were interviewing them. Nice going. Arbitron. That's our message to you and happy holidays. All right, let's get out the next, back down over 100 and five, the now 162. But Tucci roll is up five points. Let's say it's very good. You see, that's a good idea. Investing in stocks right now. I mean, investing in food stocks. Because people still have to eat, don't they? Let's meet the Tucci rolls. That's what the Anamaria Antoinette said. Never Anamaria. I bet your Randy does. Well, how Randy do it? She do any good? Oh, oh. Yeah, let's get all, oh, I can't wait to talk about those numbers. Nice go at people. You idiot. You moron. Oh, man. See, I would take greater pleasure in it, except for the fact that every time I mention his name, it makes me think of all the people whose lives he destroyed, all the careers that he's ruined. Even, even, not so great careers, he just nipped them right in the blood. If there was any potential in him, he destroyed him. The life destroying Peter Bolzer used suck hole. You quizzing. You jack-ass you. You miserable evil person. Evil. That's what you are. You're the personification of evil. Agarantee has got six, six, six on the back of him. That ass. On his butt sucking ass. Because that's what he is a corporate butt sucker. That'd be a good pull question. Something would you rather be a fucker or a butt sucker? Because it's your got him up the ladder. What's our pull question that I'm glad you asked? Let's do a little of economic thing, even though it's depressing. Do you think we're going to have a recession? Yes, it's coming in the recession, too. No, the economy will be fine, or we're already in it. What a great pull question. Even if you don't often about it, you probably don't more than that Alan Greenspan that piece of turd with a big nose. Oh, man. I like it. I was telling you before I liken it to like if if somebody got forbidden, your house was bleeding to that flying on the floor. And you called up 911 told him you had the emergency you described it to him. Needed help immediately. And then the phone rang in about two minutes and he said, well, you know, we're evaluating it here. And we're keeping the door open to sending the ambulance. But we think we'll wait for a few weeks and then we'll probably be sending one. That's what they did yesterday. But it's only money. It's all minutes after ten to five, sixty WQMs. No question of the server maybe recities could have been stressed. No, no. WQAN BC God has group incorporated. He's got a big heart on. It's very, very, very, very often. An artist comes along that captures in song the true spirit of Christmas. Now that hellowed tradition lives on. Cut here he comes. The hardest 49 in snow business. But Godfather of the world missed the James Brown. Ten minutes. Only minutes. Only time. Only minutes. Be the bad deal, man. And it's him. It's just me, Daniel. Get your wa- There's a- A James Brown. Yeah, Chris. But stop him out. But you record set that book for soul. Give your wife, Chris. This is the same. And you better wear that girl. Yeah, better not try in there. You better not stop. Get it me. Wow. Yeah. Sanders got a brand new bet. Why be good book for Christmas when you can be bad. Start what? And you're stuck in with a James Brown. Chris, what? Wow. Happy hearing. And you're seeing. Gotta do. That new boy and King. That's a little man. I'm going to go. I'm going. Oh, the echo that. Ten six, eight, five, six, did. You couldn't do it. I'll feel broke. I'm kind of, if you have any stuck. I'm not sure she had a really good broker. I was going to ready to set you up again. Just in case this stuff kind of like hedged well. Here's a great letter to the editor in the year. The year old this morning of all places. Of many. There are a lot of hostile letters in here, Mayor. Of course, he probably don't read the year old anymore because he doesn't like what's in there. Mayor, Pinga, Picania, maybe he's got somebody reading to him. Maybe one, maybe he had his reading a to him in his manual. Anyway, baseball state and proposal brings mixed responses to headline. But I'm reading all these letters. And I don't see too many of mixed responses. For example, this is a really great letter. But bunny find where he might be. I don't get it. There's no one to increase firefighter salaries. And assured it to funds may close one of the bridge facilities. Other social service agencies are sure to fund. But great news. There's money for a new baseball stadium. Nice going bunny. But here's the letter by Jeff Dearing in Miami. That kind of endured itself to me. It says Alex Penelis's second-backroom deal. The ability at another sports arena demonstrates louder than words by local elections. Our vastly more important than presidential elections. Isn't that what I always say? Roughly 16% of Miami-Dade's electorate voted to put Penelis back in office. Yet all of us live with the consequences of the voter apathy that put in there. Next time, heavy rains flood our streets or a child as electorate didn't employ a wide public bus stop. Or we waste our lives sitting in traffic. Remember that our local elected leaders priorities begin with subsidizing big-and-are sports morals and athletes. The public benefit of a baseball stadium will be the same as that of a new basketball and hockey arena. Exactly zero. Baseball is a dying sport. The Marlins will not repeat not content for World Series again because of a new stadium. Witnessed the Miami Heat and the Florida Panthers who continue to sink in a mediocrity even with lavish new facilities. Next election, Miami-Dade voters need to remember they were not permitted to decide on using public funds to build this wide elephant. But can vote out the people who are re-ins this sweetheart deal. I've got to go and Jeff Dearing in Miami. A lot of other great letters in there too. Echoing pretty much the same sentiment. And here the mayor is going on there with his PR campaign making their rounds coming up with all this smooth talk bull crap. Oh and John Henry such an honest man and he feels so sorry for him. How about on the other business people in Dave County? A lot of whom are losing their ass. Who are I don't have a billion dollars? Gork in any special tax deals from the legislature. Don't you feel sorry for that, Alex? No. And we're going to hello those 40,000 people assuming they ever do show up. Where the hell are they going to park? Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Double Talker, Mr. Back Deal, Makeer, Mr. Frick at a liar, Mr. Crook. Who are you kidding? You're not kidding me. You're a little weasel and you're not fooling me for one second. Maybe you're fooling someone who's got damn bananibal people, but you're not fooling me. Mr. Pinga Pecania. So you can get on a guy damn whatever shows you want and pacificate from now till the end of time. And like I said, if they let you get away with this, go ahead. Go do it. That could have phased me. Dr. Raffek, my life. I'm not going to be going there. But you're not fooling this kid. And you're not fooling anybody with a brain. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how are you doing today? Great. First of all, happy holidays. And I shame to you. Thank you for last night, chronic. Thank you for last night. Yes, sir. I love making the donation to you, Charlie, all the time. Uh-huh. So all I have to say. Okay, thank you, chronic. Well, nothing to say. 560, 5050. Come on. Let's talk to some people about something to say. Okay. I mean, thanks for coming by and it was like I said, nice. We appreciate the money and all that. But let's talk to some people. Some of the say here today. Because Harvey from La Kendall, Harvey from wherever he is now. Hollywood, who keeps moving around with boy, Bill Collector's. Harvey from somewhere. Harvey from hell. So as we got the most varied and bunch of bosos calling in the end of the place in America. Kevin Bastard. Here's a mobile info. Hello. Hello. Hey, near how you doing? Okay, sir. I'm a person caller. Uh-huh. I mean, I'm a special for you. No. Chronic. Another chronic. Here's Del Rey Beach, Ella. Yeah, good morning. Uh-huh. I remember years ago, you used to be involved with Camille's house. Yeah. I've got some stuff that I want to donate. It's food products and I don't have to plug it or anything. I just need some help on place and. Can you help me? What do you mean, we need help on placing it? Well, does that have a lot of trying to call Camille's house and it's being like a kick-a-trud. What's called the Daily Food Bread Bank or Daily Bread Food? What does the Daily Food Bread Bank in Brown County? Don't take it and do good bread. Brown County? Yeah. What's the number of the what? There's nothing in the church. The Daily Food Bread. Daily Bread Food Bank. Daily Bread Food Bank. Any other ideas? I think a lot of stuff you want. Believe me, they'll take whatever you got. They do a great job. Okay. Thank you very much. You're welcome. 5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Still looking for our first real call of the day. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Here it is. We just got back up from the mine went to a. Well, a lot of the. Yeah. Boa-Rabaj. Bloods not brain fat one nothing. Mm-hmm. Had a good time for our tough assault. Yeah. And you don't have to blow out a blow. You're going to freeze your talkers off tonight. You know, stay right here and do that. We went to some of the other hotel. The average age is from 60 to 100. Uh-huh. There's just nobody there. There's no life in that place. Even that dusty. Win hotel that Boa-Rabaj. Yeah. Just a dying. Uh-uh. Pizza worked out. Well, thank god. I don't want to go waste my time getting out of plain. You go and some are a friend another group 100 year old people. I can also see that right here. At least when you go to Vegas, there are almost all of them are like living and reading. People aren't even in old people are like living it up pretty good. You know, it's a lot of fun. Yeah. With a bunch of mosh on players from coconut creaked that's always so. Uh-huh. A lot of bubbles and savings. Okay, blend it at a great time. Okay, see. Don't go to Bloccia. That's what he said. And I would agree with him. I would hardly agree. Although I've never been there. Too many of those pickers in Bloccia. Where you going for the holidays? I'm going to Bloccia. And I don't think so. Do you don't go to Bloccia? That has x down 89, the dow's down 135. How's that pull coming? Do you think we're going to have a recession? 13 votes is all we got so far. Yes, it's coming in the recession, 27. We're already in it five. No, the economy will be fine. One. Oh, yeah. Always trust people to say that. Oh, we're fine. Yeah. Speak for yourself, Danny Boy, sweetheart. And quit outing your friends on the air. Here's a mobile and cool for city. Hello. Hey, you. Yes sir. I read the business section yesterday that I'll sharpen. Call for that boycott of the hurricane. Yeah. I can't stand Burger King as a food product. And but I can't stand. I'll sharpen even worse. Yeah, I think you and I must be thinking alike because I act despised. Burger King. But I was saying as soon as I saw the headline, I thought the same thing you did. Let's everybody go and eat it Burger King. Who can't stand their food. And tell us over. Right. So those come to summer's off. I will buy Burger King once a week from now on. Good. He needed or donated or whatever. That's right. Even if he's running the trash. It's my boycott to that stock. He's a crap. Right. Okay. Excellent. You idea. In fact, every time I used to go to Burger King, I would think of the firestone company. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Yeah. Because they are like a shoe leather. They're meat. So the best thing I could say about it. Oh, I think it's just, and of course they run it through those conveyor belts. You know, never mind. If you crazy about it, they're like, whether you run food through conveyor belts. Like Pizza Hot, for example. They run their pizzas through conveyor belts. You ever seen them cook the pizza in there? You never did? No. I was incredibly in the last time I actually sat in a pizza place. Yeah. They were supposed to take out or deliver. But they, they run into a conveyor belt thing. You never went inside a one and saw the, when I was a little bit, they were watching the kitchen. They were watching it. They, they run the, pizza they cook them in a conveyor belt deal. Assembly line food. Dreck. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound. Five, sixty, eighty, eighty, eighty, eighty. Everybody, let's go by Burger King. Get a wiper, baby. That's what I was looking for. Last night at the pizza law. Looking for a wiper. Tender kept running away. Now we did have a pretty good time. I got to be honest with you. I had my doubts. I thought, T. Why am I going to do this again? Traffic was brutal getting there. It was bad. All these geeks out there. These holiday shopping geeks. And they had no idea where they're going. It was a bitch. But we had a great time. Thanks to you. Thanks, party, tell. And they started telling me, oh, you know, you got to go see Al's house. Yeah, even if you, and I said no. Why is it that people just don't understand me? Is there? I mean, do I make it? I thought I was like transparent. Like looking through a plane of glass, you know? Why the look they get it? I keep trying to explain to Jeff Cohen and the others. I'm not impressed by ostentatious people. I don't care. What is the guard room looks like? I don't care how many chafties he's got on display. I know him like the palm of my hand. And just, I'm not interested. I'm burned out on him already. Like it about five seconds. And he can look at it and I said the other day, you can take those keys to his apartment. And he can stick them up his spacious gigantic enormous ass. Is what he can do. So do you like him? No, it's not that I dislike him. I do like him as a matter of fact. Now, I don't dislike him. I just, I can't put it in the words. I can't find a word for it. You've got to decrease your portions. Yeah, I can handle him in very tiny, tiny, if like, sushi. You know? I can stand looking at it for like about a half a second. And I have to run off when that ice starts looking back at you. Then I say, oh, no, I don't think, well, speaking of back at you was nice to see you last night. Can't say it on the air though, because they'll get upset over there. Oh, and I never gave their numbers. Let's do that after the break. Ooh, especially those afternoon numbers. Because that seems to be, I mean, a midday. They have no number at all. Are you sure nothing? But poor, they have to noon? No matter what they put on over their afternoon. You'll say if I'm burned. You got nothing to worry about over there. That was fine. You have no fear. 26 after, why is the bat line ringing there? I'm really concerned who that might be. So help me, God, if that's why I think it is. Oh, yeah, that is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to speak to the old snake. Why? Oh, like. I'm, like. What kind of a phone is this? It's... We can't hear it. We can't hear it. We can hear it. Your phone's no good. There is a gun. Yes! That was great. Anyway, I have to do this, but anyway. So I don't have time to be potskin around with that fat. Where's those keys you swab? I'm a fat Jew. I'm a fat Jew. Okay. And he's gone again. He's gone again. Said, I interrupted a whole break there. I didn't play about. But I was going to play to put him right on a year, even though he has his problems, obviously. And he's gone again. I'll give him like 30 seconds to get back on or find what he wants. What do you want? I'm a fat Jew. What were we already know? Maybe you want to thank Jeff Cohen for allowing him to service him last time to his over to law. Maybe that was what I was. He just said that was the best he's had in a long time. Why? Why are you looking against? Who heard him say that? He said it was sensational. It said it was like the lips of experience. I thought I didn't take you were going to repeat it on the year. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, are we on the year? Why, I guess maybe he'll call back or not, as the case maybe he will survive. One way or the other. He's just having problems. Here's a mobile and portate Lucy, hello. Mobile and portate Lucy. Maybe they're having problems too. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I can barely hear you. OK. Maybe we'll have a phone problem. I don't think so, but go ahead and do your best. I'll have to call back. OK, call me back. Here's a mobile and portloader, Neil. Hello. I can hear you, Neil. OK. I want to echo what that guy said about the Luxee and Gulfport. I was just there about a week and a half ago forget it. I mean, it's it's it's my way. The crowd blows. You don't really reminds me of it. Remind me of people to go to Vegas and they'll say, oh, you know, when you go there, do you go down to do drive down to Locland? No. I always think to myself, why? Why if I'm going to get on a plane and go all the way to Vegas? And I, you only usually have like a couple of days to be there anyway. Why would I waste this time to go down to, you know what I'm saying? It's like it's like it's like saying, I'm going to go to New York City for the weekend. Oh, when you went New York, did you get it? When did you find drive down a New York for a few hours? Exactly. Exactly. If you want gaming Vegas to be on a place to go, I've also this also went over to New Orleans. What do we were in the last seat? Yeah. There's a big land-based casino now. It's a house. And it's pretty nice. It's like a Vegas casino. But it's the only one. So, you know, it's your only option. But New Orleans has great restaurants. Right. There's a lot of the great drunks here. Well, that's a problem. But they're living in Britain people walking around. Right. It would be cold there this time of the year as well. It would have a race track. We missed things to do there besides what in this city there's nothing. But you're right about Vegas. On this stadium, I agree with you a hundred percent. But, sopiously, I live in Growards. And I've got to say my attitude is like, you know, so we're going to let them lose their soul. Right. I'm with you. I want to go ahead and do it. That's a bit of no skin off my ass. Yeah. I guess the hope is in baseball. I mean, you're right. They've always dying. But the hope is not going to be. And don't forget, this is going to be supposedly opening two years after they had that mammoth strike in 2000. I was going to send that. Yeah. The greener runs out at the end of next year. Right. They're hoping that they're going to Hawaii, which I don't see why it's time to be any different before. No. They're going to die on the player. Not going to happen. It's going to be a walk out of a strike or a lock out or something is going to go on. Probably miss a whole season. No playoffs. The world's serious. Nothing. And it'll be a nightmare. I agree with you. I think what they believe is that they're going to play players this time and they can make the game affordable again. I don't think it's going to happen. But it's a sure show. And they're sure show. Are we in clenish to do that right now? Aren't they? Would all these contracts coming out every single day? Travelling. Forty billion dollars? Yeah. Not. But anyway. Good luck. Good luck. Zygazun. Okay. Here's one more try. You. Yeah. You're really a good one. Who's that? Who's that? It's the diabetic joke. Is this a diabetic fat you for man? You're them? You're in my question, the unknown. They're in there. Oh, I got a nose for you by the way before you start out with your turn. Like what was I doing at the outer stern? I didn't. I don't listen to how it's doing. I was a daily. Am I in compete? I was funny. I was funny. You have no shame, though, do you? I never compete with you. No. Come on. You'll let you have no shame. Listen, I go down and guide. What you want for me. But you are a nasty old homosexual. But that's why I have got to have. Would you listen to me? Yes. I have good news for you. Should be in the field. But this should put you in the holiday spirit. Yeah. From the hate nettleins. This just off the wire. Same sex marriages receive final approval in the Netherlands, putting it at the International Vanguard of gay rights. Activists were jubilant about the legislation. We'll take effect in April. And it's a final law. I mean, it has, you know, they've been married in April in Amsterdam. Wait, you want to honeymoon. I want to honeymoon in St. Modza. I want to have a rule of ours. Yeah, right on your record. Yeah. You're right. Oh, your phone's broken up again. Okay. But I want to marry you. You're so much. Yeah, I know what you want. I want to get. And you're not given for me sweetheart. Jeff Koyon. Let me say again, a case you missed to be for Jeff Koyon. Thanks for the great head. I'm your shoulders. You're going to have keys next week. So help. I'm going to have keys next week. So help. We got you know, I swear. But on the issue, why is this such a project? You send us packages every single day. I want to ask you, PSUPI of air every day. We get packages from you with a page that we don't want with all kinds of Chockeys. And all I want is like a little set of keys, which seem to be a big project. No, I want you to wrap your lips around why you're saying you know why. I want you to wrap your lips around why you're saying you know why. Right. Yeah. But no, Neil, Neil, I can't desperately imagine I'll be in next week. I swear to God, I had Joey, but if you like it, not bring them to the studio. Right. Because you told me not to. Because we wouldn't let you win, right. I know. Okay. Next week, I'm coming in and I'm going to have a no sex with George. Yeah. So what's the news about that? You're welcome to my house. Good bye. Thank you, Bob. Good. Because I don't want to see it anyway. Oh, my God. I mean, you know, if he wants to bend down for you again, I mean, that's up to him, but Christy ought to be used to it by now. What's the big novelty with that? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Did I hear him on Howard? Is that, is that, is that, L, please? Please. I'm a fat Jew. And we had a whole bunch of calls on there too up until that moment. Do you remember that? The she was moments ago. We had the Zidden calls on the board. You know, we did. One more. Here's a lady mobile in South Beach, hello. Hi, Nielie. Hey, warm. Yes, ma'am. Good to hear you. I watched that county commission meeting yesterday in day county. And it was pretty funny when they brought up the stadium. And only one commissioner stood up and said, well, she was definitely not going to go for it no matter what. And came to Florence in probably. Yeah, exactly. And all the other ones, you know, wanted to know how it was going to benefit their own specific groups. And so forth and so on. So it's pretty amazing how he like, you know, just what you did this without them even knowing this. Yeah, how come if it's going to be a county project? They don't call them the Miami-Dade Marlins. Exactly. Well, I think they did. They wanted to call them the Miami Marlins. No, not the Miami-Dade Marlins. No, no, no. Miami-Dade is not getting too much good press lately. So I don't know if they'd want that anyway. But, yeah, it's just pretty amazing. Evidently, he knocked on all their doors at that 6.30 Sunday morning. And left them know about the project. So... That way there's bathroom. We try to take a paid out of me or swallows. Definitely. Okay, so I think that's all for two. And they give away a lot of freebies. It's definitely the only good thing about them. They feed your brain and put you up for it. And that's about it. Not for me. Yeah, definitely. All right. How was it, one? You too. Bye-bye. Okay. We got one call left on here. Is a mobile in the sunrise, hello. How you doing? Okay. Is it the mayor supposed to represent the people? And... And not John Henry Wayne Eisen and the like. Yeah. I mean, I call the worst thing with the end. You probably heard it while you were going to go out. No. Okay. Well, this thing with jobs. I mean, what a laugh. Here's a democratic... Well, anyway, if you call them at the end, I mean, that's less than an hour ago. Why you call me to repeat the same thing again. Because they don't have to... No, because because you will just want to say the same thing again. Sir, look, what have I told you? I'm making times about chronic colors. I'm in the survival. I'm not going to survive with the same people calling like 45 minutes later, saying the same guy dimping in, around groups being calling on a crappy cell phone, driving my whole... All my colors away. Thanks, Al. Now you only those keys. Just slide them out of the door, sweetheart. God. What a project. See, I don't know what's happening with this phone here, George. I don't get it. Maybe we're having a big phone problem. Here's a call on here from somewhere, which I can't say. Hello. Yes, sir. Call it the Miami. If they're going to go ahead and put this stupid stadium in, we don't want it. Go ahead, take that site that they said was polluted because they've been thrown away. Well, are we going to talk about this stadium crap here all day? No, I don't know. Because that's a lot of it's 2D pressing. It's bad enough watching the market crash. But what's there to say about it? This is part of the course in this town. Right, but if they're going to take a piece of property, let's take a piece of property. Nobody wants. And that's downtown. I guess for Dallas Station and whatever it is, that they've been jumped, jump in all that junk on it. So they need to come and do super fun, clean up on it before anybody can use it. Nobody wants to use it. So let's use that. What the heck? Let's clean it up and make it do something. And in 30 years when they rip it down, somebody can buy it and do something real with it. Yeah, and then we want to have the condemnate again. Okay, great. Thank you. Okay, that's just for calls today, I guess. I mean, there's one or two on it, but it's obvious. It's not going to happen today. That's all I would not have no intention to call it that anyway. I just want to play a lot of old stuff. A lot of crap. Play some music. Just sit back. Goofa. Rating zero for anywhere now for the fall book. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What am I going to give in numbers out of? I'm not taking any calls. Well, just for us to have it. We'll see what happens. How's that pull coming? 55 votes. You think we're going to have a recession? Yes, it's coming in the recession. 230. Well, already in it. 15. No, the economy will be fine. Oh, we're fine. 10 people say that. Of course those are probably 10 people don't have any stock when you think. Oh, yeah. So have two nickels to rub together. 24, 11 and 5, 60, QAM. This is 5, 60, QAL. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 5, 60. QA. A plan for 80, Val from men. Here's Ricardo Motivar. And the Chrysler, New Yorker. This luxurious automobile has always delivered up a four months youth-expect farm and the Yorker. And now Chrysler introduces an onboard micro-processer which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker. Hey, moron, you want to put on your feet? It's safe, but what you ready to steering will. Ah, yes. This is truly a New Yorker. Oh, genius, you let the guy in headlight's on. Jeez, you want to do that. Oh, you know that. And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none. Hey, back on, Brad. You want to lock the fucking doors? Maybe we should put a fucking sign on the window and just rip me off. Yes, the Chrysler, New Yorker. If you can find a better luxury car, buy it. Uh, buy it, if shit. I got your luxury right here. Anyway, 1045 and 5, 60, sub-inactive, God George. Anyway, we're just rolling along here on a holiday that's taken away through. Here's those great numbers from the INZ from Super Talk. Woo! Let's look at that afternoon, especially, okay, because they really, they have got their thumb on it. Ha ha ha ha ha. Let's look at Persons 2554 in the afternoon, okay? Because they keep making changes and changes and changes and changes. How many different people have they had on that station in the evidence? I left there. 100. And that was just this year. Let's see. Three to seven PM persons 25 to 54. These are the ratings for September, September, November, because it's a three-month rolling trend for anybody who cares. And our audience does care. Let's see, WI-NZ. And I'm going to tell you consistency. There's something to be said for it. Back in the summer book, they had a 0.2. August September, October, went all the way up to a 0.3. Now, that was, she was not in October now. There's no way because she didn't know. So they put your girlfriend on there. We'll do a look at it and tell them the middle there's a... And do I think at the point two and then the point three? What's she got? A 0.3. Consistencies were at that baby of 0.3. And that's November, right in the middle of all that election and a politics and all the pontificating. And I always say, you know, two of us are going to say that. And I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. You know, all that hyper-neorca, Japanese crap. 0.3. Peter, I want to say it again. I mean, from the bottom line heart, and this is Peter Bolger, I'm speaking about the enough of you. So I caught more sarcastic one that's in this building. And there's no doubt in my mind that he did write that letter. Because he comes to me again this morning with another letter. And if, well, if I wouldn't write another letter with it like this, and again, he's trying to lay a guilt trip on me and doesn't appreciate the fact that I showed for him for a year and a half, peddling his crap. Go sell something good, okay, Jack asks. You crazy person you, but anyway, getting back to Peter Bolger. They could put as much as Kevin Baxter might be offended by it. They could put farting noises on the air for four hours from 3 to 7 p.m. 50,000 watts in middle of the dial and do a pistol to a point three. Or probably better. Because people will be talking about, oh, dear, that station where they fart all afternoon. It's all they do is fart. Do guarantee better in a point. Automated fart. It wouldn't have to do any. Can you imagine how cheap that would be? Or maybe Bob Green and Bob Meal can put that on TMI. Automated fart in stereo on FM. Good vibrations radio. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Carl Gable, so long. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I love your show, but I will get down on my knees and beg you to please stop playing that. Ah, that's commercial. It's driving me nuts. I got nothing commercial, so I have nothing to do with that. Oh, you heard it right? Well, I don't even stand there. I don't, I don't, I don't look like I'm in the town. I have nothing to say about it. I'm going to cry. I don't care what I look like I said. I've nothing to say about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. I haven't even heard it. It's for you and it was just on. It is. Oh, I know the one. He's talking to us. We got some of your spots that have been a lot more annoying than that. Who leaves? Not lately. Well, we're working on it. Here's our last call, a mobile and book, hello. Hi, you used to have somebody on the radio more annoying. Was there anything I had? I had to. And he's another one we forgot yesterday. Yeah. I used to live on the Iowa. How much benefit? If I had the ability to do, I think you'll either write them. Took your goddamn teeth in. There he is. There he is. I lived in one of the islands in the 70s. And this game, they, I remember the funny arrow was going to. We say to say, they land on the bay for the people because it was there. The people's part of the, whatever they just went on and on there at the Torals. And then one day they built all the way up to the water with their building and they, they just invited by saying, Well, we really had to do it because it. The way our building was, it's the foot of the book right otherwise. Yeah. They have to two years of saying, nobody else should do it. See, I would expect to hear the least a little bit if they were honest enough to say the only thing we really care about is whatever is good for the hero. Whatever is profitable for night, whatever is an orange or a set, that's how we really care about. And all of the rest is just window dressing. That's what they did then and that's what they're doing now. These are the same people to give you metro rail put it over on the public and then slept everybody in the face with that white elephant story and traffic magazine a couple years later. These are the same people that got into bed with Mickey Harrison and gave you that American Airlines arena that sits there. Any percent of the empty for most of the heat home games and 100 percent empty winners and some special event going on in there. And this is the same group of people that are going to try to give you a downtown baseball stadium because it's good for them. See, they will probably sell their property one day like they do when they move farther out to the California. And it's right. The rest of it, they'll sell their property for a big profit because they can't make money with their property newspaper. You got it. Okay. Thanks. And have a great day. You better see the night reader people here lately. Oh, they're out there in Silicon Valley. They're pumping it. Because it was more profitable for them because it was better for them and that's all I hear about. Do a business and whatever's good for the business that's all they give a crap about. Oh, no, we care about the community. No, you don't. You lie. You're a bunch of liars. Last call. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Well, yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I don't give a crap about the stadium. Miami's in a different country anyway. No matter. It is a different country. Absolutely. You know, you go there and it's just they run their own game and the scams and you know, it's just a joke. The other little story for you. I had gotten a call from Al Goldstein or actually from his housekeeper and he needed a elephant table. And if you had the door room repaired, he's got a table with two elephant heads on. Yeah. I have never in my life seen a bigger pile of shit in a home. Right. However, this man lives like an animal. Oh, this is, if you could see his apartment at Amsterdam, which is about the size of the room that I'm sitting in here right now. It is covered from wall to wall in every in the bathroom in the living room and in the little bedroom with crap on the floor. There's cassette in his tapes and there's reckon. Yeah, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I actually had to wade my way back to this room at the room, which there are cigars. I mean, I have never seen cigars in my life like this. He's got more crap in that home. And I mean, you know, good job, just be forever to get paid. But you know, anyway, I hope you get your keys and happy all right. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for your time. Okay. So I guess I could be the fact that I want to go see that house up there in Pomp and a beach that I'll send a tassier show place. I don't know. I'm going to miss out seeing a lot more crap. I've already seen all the crap he's got laying on a floor and a apartment in Amsterdam, which if he ever does give me the keys, I'm going to have to wade through that just to get to the toilet. Not one call on the board. This is a fine. How do you do in it? How do you do? I do. What I can. Okay. So I guess it's going to be play all the bits to the new year, huh? Now I got stuff in here. I got all kinds of crap. Just play all the older rack. They got nothing to say here today. Because tomorrow of course is Chinooka and all the Jews they bailed on us already. WQAM. Yeah, I'm calling for home stuff. Yes, sir. Let's go to home. Stayed alone. How do you know, there's happy for home stuff? Yeah, how can you voice your change, Tappy? I don't know. Yeah, I do. You're boring. Happy. Okay. How do you like that? Not that. That was sensation. I'm so glad I picked him up cool. Sound of this like an ordinary guy. I know. They all had different homes there. How would a phony voice? That's a ho. Wow. I'm so sorry for all of us that we have to be here. You know, not just for me, but for all of us. Those of us who really don't deserve this. Especially on days like this one, it's going to be like in the 30s, maybe the 20s and some places tonight. No, if the weather isn't good, then you definitely don't deserve being here. Because that's the only thing we got going for us. So I apologize to all of you that we have to be here. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. I'm Neil Good morning. Yes, sir. Happy holidays. Thanks for your efforts. You're absolutely 100% correct on everything. There's no changing date counting. There's no sense risking your men or your physical well being. That's right. Here's the guy that makes some sense. What's the sense again? I'll bet on a shape and whip up to our friends again. Again, I'll piss off again. Hey, if they're going to screw over to public in there, that's too bad. You know, hey, it's their stock and trade. What is Alex Pinalo's or Joe Coral? You'll ever done. They never met a quick decision. They didn't want to put back an office again. So what the other day expect? Yeah, most of them are family members anyway, you know? That's right. But now the whole thing is little Chris and only in day counting, something like this even see the light of day. Even though the pills that Pinalo's and Coralio's on about everything they can to broker is deal before telling anybody including the Miami Hell. But, you know, but just no sense getting worked up at. I mean, we might as well sit back and kind of a semi-decached amusement. Because I'm not a muse about it. I'm not a muse about it. I'm nauseous. I'm not going to get that out of shape. There's no point. You can't push us trying. I mean, why fight it? They're going to do it. Yeah, if there's any way they can connect with, they're going to do it. See, I never dreamed, in fact, even Hank and I were talking about this off the year after he walked out here yesterday. We either one of us ever believed that they built that Mickey American Mickey Harrison or the Boccaler that American Airlines were going to, nobody with a brain ever thought that they would put that through and they did. They managed to pull that off. So I can't put anything past them. That's how quickly they are. No, no, they've been doing it forever. I mean, it goes back to the 80s. Ralph Sanchez got over 15, not all of that. I've already talked about it. Look at that. This TV 2175. Okay, good luck to us here and have a great holiday. 2175. Company that never had earnings in its existence. And Mitch Hurst says, oh, that's going to be $250 stock. Do you really want to get rid of that? This TV? We're trying to be wanted in the first place. I think it really blows, Mitch. In fact, I think you blow to be honest with it. I think you suck. I think you haven't got a freaking clue, Mitch. What? What are you checking your head about? Oh, I'm a good. I mean, he just, he's clueless. I mean, I bought Oracle and even though it's gone down a little bit with everything else right now, it's still above or I bought it. I bought Intel. Intel's about the virtue of stock today. It's still going up a few cents. I mean, I just, it's not that difficult. I mean, we're in the tough time and everybody's taking a bath. But this guy, he like, gravitate toward direct. He falls in love with direct. He's kind of like a Peter Clayton of the stock market. Speaking of direct, boy, was quite a, I didn't have quite a little thing going on here yesterday when the show I didn't need. Numbers came out. We were all sitting around waiting and then Bruce Biedley was in here. Come up here with Greg Reed. Sure for my hands. I'm very important. No, it was Bruce. I don't think Brad's out yet. I think that was Bruce Biedley. I do believe because he had a real snappy jacket on. And he came to near and took my hand very friendly. Thank me for all the stuff I've done for the station congratulations. The ratings are coming back up again and everything's going to be just fine. And show to some of these terrible pictures that somebody took of Amsterdam, the street where I allegedly fell down. Yeah. You seem like a decent enough guy to my face. This is 560. You way out. Burning Italian. Question one. Listen and repeat. Mmm. Ah. Most of that. Repeat. Mmm. Ah. Oh, okay. Damn it. If you haven't tasted the Italian cuisine that is zest, then you have been to the Salvo. The Salvo's Italian restaurants with over 15 years experience serving traditional Italian specialty. Stuff shell. Robbie O'Leo, French James and Patan chicken from a genre. Salsa Jimpetta, they seasoned spaghetti and meatballs. And the Salvo's famous garlic roll. Plus, these dish or traditional pizzas. That is neither hardiest habitat and the Salvo's to lift the Salvo's Italian restaurants. We're later any occasion. We're going to have a look at the Salvo's Italian restaurant. With locations in Hollywood, Plantation, Daisy and the Salvo's newest location in Crollsburg. For catering information call 9.549-9711A. The Salvo, a Italian at its best. This Salvo. Try to looking at your old carpenter tile. Want to give you a home a new style. This always a season. Let me tell you about my friends. It's Santa Rosa Marble. Since 1972 Santa Rosa Marble has been servicing the Taiwanese Marble needs of Salvo and Marble needs of Salvo's radiance. Located just off northwest 36-degree in the Palmetto Expressway. You can choose from ceramic and porcelain tile from Unicom. Go Ness and Colorker. Marble's stone and Mexican tile from Italy, Spain. And all around the world from Santa Rosa's 50,000 square foot warehouse. Santa Rosa Marble offers installation in delivery along with financing. And no payments to the end of the year to qualified applicants. Open Monday to Friday 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday 8 a.m. to 530 p.m. Cost Santa Rosa Marble at 305-591-3744. Or log on at Santa Rosa Marble.com. It's the place you want to go when you're ready to change your house. Now in the big dog's engine. Hi, this is Mark Sandermere. Voice is a Miami hurricane. And I want to tell you that the best holiday gift out there for all the hurricane fans underlifts. The drive for 5-8 with a 2,000 foot ball piece. Call 1-800-769-4034 and for just 1995 plus Chiving and Hathlete. Your hurricane fan will receive a gift certificate for the holiday. Telling them that they have a gift of our lifetime coming. But 2,000 U.M. football season in review. The tape of the complete recap of the season is interview game footage. And memorable moments and comments with both current and past players. To order your drive for 5-8 call 1-800-769-4034. For log on to WQAN's website at WQAN.com. Or the University of Miami's website at 13Sports.com. And share the excitement of a great U.M. football season with a fan. Once again, that's the drive for 5-8 and 1-800-769-4034 for just 1995. Go Kings. 4-3-056-VWM Miami port-luttered L. A measly broadcast group station at WQAN.com. Or the world. I like the wheel. Just doing breadball is never made a door. Big doll you never saw because they're each other's paw and they're barking their paw. They're rushing their guns because they ain't got no teeth. Most of the people are mountain-layer momma because they can't get your teeth. They're getting away. They don't get away. They don't have. That's just a little more fun than going to heaven from cows. Just do we pray at boys. Wouldn't change if they could. Screwing with Darwin in his hair can focus them all. By the way, I don't want you to stay in hell away. It's 11 o'clock at 5-60 WQN in the World Famous Neo Roger. Showing out Hank Goldberg at 2. We got the Gueldian Game Night at 6 o'clock. Panther preview at 7 o'clock at the Panthers and the Pittsburgh Penguins. 730 from the Macarena 80K after the game. The Panthers and the Penguins 6000 seats still remain. I just mentioned that in passing. Any interest out there? No, Mary only planned it. 5-670560. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. Don't want to get too sports-centred. But is anybody keeping track of how much salary you're going to be in total baseball with all these contracts going next year? Don't care. Don't care. But how can we possibly tell they should get on. I'm not going to make the money off television revenue. But is there any way that they're going to make money in baseball? I don't care. I don't care. It's their problem. It's some play on all of them. I'm not sure. I don't care. I haven't been to a baseball game in the last four or five scenes. Even a lot of good-free tickets. I will not watch it on TV. I don't want anything to do with it. That's it. It's unimportant. See? You're getting all worked up about it. It's unimportant. Well you're right. But it's the funny part about it. So it's the Boko coach, sure, in the build of stadium. And the Miami-Marlins, which I remember the whole Miami-Marlins, the minor league team, at least they worked a good product. But is the Miami-Marlins? No, no, they weren't. No, they weren't. But I like to say that. Why do you make sense to ridiculous comment? I saw a couple of their games. That was not a good product. There was no lead there. It was a joke. Were they part of the audio service? Yeah. That wasn't a good product. But you were a kid in your scoring games. You know, in your home, you're paying three bucks. You're paying three bucks. You go in. It wasn't bad for three bucks. Yeah. Wasn't bad for them to make it a good product. No. But I'm just saying, you know, to prepare. I also didn't make the hot dogs a good product. Because the food at the ball games down here has never been any good. That's true. But you know, you'll still be able to give away three tickets. That's the scariest part about it. When you say you've got three tickets, people will be calling like flies. I don't give away three tickets to baseball games. I haven't given away Maldon tickets on this show in two, three years at least. Oh good. Well, I was, I want to make sure that my seats are empty. That's right. You're lying. That's all right. That's all right. I want to make sure there's as many empty seats as possible because it's a farce. I'm not going to subsidize it. Because you know, when the target, it's all left to say, who do we know? Do you know any living green person other than George Will and the Geeks that score the dance at home? That watch a baseball game from start to finish? No. And you thought you mentioned that. I think about that often because I do have the baseball package because it's really extra boring here during that part of the summer when I have to be here, which luckily isn't very much any more. But you know, and I want you a couple of things here and maybe in any year over there, a half an an an an an a f flipping around to see if there's a good game on. But and I thought of that so many times the idea that I wouldn't sit down and watch a game from start to finish. Now back in the 70 or 88, whatever the bear was it, you said, well, when it comes to had a big year and I got the first satellite dish. I watched every single comes game from start to finish. Start to finish. You couldn't pay me to watch a baseball game from start to finish. You only think you got a search for as I think are hockey and football. Right. That's the ball is become just you watch the last five minutes that you can get to the last two minutes, which takes a half an hour. See you. Okay. Good point. But I'm not going to worry about it. I mean, pay him 15 billion dollars a year. It makes no difference to me. 567.056.056.060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I mean, if you people in the day can't do want to get all whipped up in and that may make it another big cause. So let me get all said, go ahead. Don't do it on this show though. So holidays were interesting being a better frame of mind watching the market take a dive. Watch your money to do a disappearing act. You know, so we haven't had what to call about that either. Not one single call about that. So I guess there are a lot more confident that Alan Greenspan is a genius and that everything will be just fine. Just funky Dory. Even though what he did yesterday, there are people on death row for offenses lesser than what he did to the economy. And to think that this one man, I've said this so many times, but I must be the only person who believes this to think that anyone man has got this kind of power over the economy of the whole world. Not just this country, the whole globe shakes every time this man takes a crap, the world shakes. Every time he's farce, everybody opens window, oh my god, it's like when the morning of the fed meeting, he's walking on the overcross the street with that beef case. And they're sitting there analyzing what's in it, how big is it, how thick is it in the beef case too, you know. Something very wrong with that. Something really wrong with it. There's an offer on with it to make you think that if you had any brains, you take all your money and put it under your mattress. Here's a mobile and pop a note, hello. You sure? There we go, sorry about that. Don't a crappy cell phone. Thanks for a great night last night. I had a good time. My buddy Paul John and I brought our wives out. My kids to see you. And I'll go apologize to the fact guys in the classroom. I just assumed that was our goal for us to go. That was bad rips. Don't ever call him out. I felt bad about that. That's okay. He's been told worse. But it was a good turn out. First time at PizzaLoft and it was surprisingly good to enjoy it. New is very good. I mean there's something that I think there was Cisco food. Do you know, basically all comes out of a camp, but some places do better. Don't say that. Okay, thanks for coming. So you gotta take a little shot there to go food. How do you like that? Everybody's today looking for a little shot. What is the reason for that? It came on me at a good time. Had a nice meal. But he's gotta take a little shot because maybe he doesn't like just point tail. Whatever the deal is. Maybe you can't even give him any either. 56050, 560, 560, on the 1810, for lies on wireless line. See, this is the holidays. You're supposed to be in a better frame of mind. You're supposed to be a little more generous. A little more benevolent this time of the year. In case nobody ever told you that when you're like a little child like last week. Here's Fort Waterdale. Hello. Yes. Whatever happened to that guy that we're going to get his head would have. 560, 560, pound 560, on the 1810, and for lies on wireless line. I'll try a couple more. And that's it. That'll be it. I guess it's good. I can't hear anything today. Good. You're lucky. There's, uh, we must be looking down upon you with a smile on his press. Just before he stands you in the back. Here's a mobile and Fort Waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, I got a question here. I can't understand when I watch pro football games. When the teams move down to field and they get to about the 40 yard line and they say the other teams 40 and they stall. Then they pun it. Okay. They decide not to go for a field. They put their punner in there who tries to punch puns that never worked. Always kicking hands. I'll tell you what. Call up one of the sports shows. You could have a lengthy and very pondered discussion about that. It sounds like grist for the meal. I want of our sports shows. 560, 0560, pound 560, on the 1810, and Verizon Wireless line. Harvey from, uh, from hunger. You really had your thumb on it. What if it comes to our callersman? You really got your finger in it. Here's my knee beat, Chelo. Hey, now. How you doing? Okay. Can we change your subject please? There is no subject. Hey, well, I mean from the bad calls. Hopefully, it needs to work. I'm waiting. I just got back from Vegas yesterday, baby. Yeah. Punch my guts out. Yeah. That's not a subject. Well, okay. Sorry. No, no, don't be sorry about that. I'm going to kind of a subject is that. Well, I don't know. It's a trick. I mean, I had a damn good plan. I want to talk about Vegas and gambling. And, uh, you know, I was turned on to the whole thing actually by you. Yeah. When they were a year ago. Yeah, but you know, I can't. With all the respect because we had calls like this yesterday too. It's not a bulletin that you have a good time when you go to Vegas. Oh, well. It's not a bulletin. I mean, it's not interesting. It's pondrist to me. I know how and anybody with a brain and the audience already knows that. Anybody's ever been there. It's fun. It's wonderful. It's great. But we're here and we're not there. All of Bruce Beesley told me they just closed their deal on the New Orleans and the Vegas radio stations. And as they walked out the door yesterday afternoon, I said, hey, Greg, how many months a year do I get to do this show on Vegas? I do that, thumbs and Bruce Beesley did have a great line. He's the S.A.R. And he said, you know, for give you any more time off, I'll be working for you. Which was a great line. Yeah, that's a good idea. Because it got to point the suit like that. I'll be working for well, kind of ratings as you get. Yeah, that's right. Probably about a point. Like I said, probably about a point. Yeah, I. We even missed things acting up there a little bit. Everything's a little ordinary today. I noticed we had the Florida flicker when light the power not here for about two seconds a little while ago. Fondrist to rack the level a little bit. Maybe it's that stock market. Maybe they're pissed off at Al Nguyen's spawn. Maybe they're not too happy about this. Maybe they haven't like a little. Internal grud or something because they're getting very nervous and shaky. But I do see that 25 people out there are 26 people said, no, the economy's going to be. Oh, we're fine. You guys find a warrior about it. Don't you see a better that everybody's talking about. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Because far more people, 55 said, yeah, it's coming in a recession too. And 25 said, no, always a recession coming. We're already in it. In fact, that's how I voted. We're already in one. Don't tell that to you would have been knows that though, because he's busy with the What's your name there? From MSNBC. What's your name that I mentioned yesterday? Very abotor level. No. Alan Cranes fans wife. Earl, that little midget. He has a wife. The news bitch. What's her name? I'm the one that told you about it. Yes, I know. You think I remember it? And we're Mitchell. See, it took me about a second and a half. She's forgettable. 10 minutes after 11 at 5.50 W W Q A. How young is too young? Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Diceroni. Alright, let's see you, Eaton. You're sick and tired of Implotators and that stall top. Do like me, honey. Eat this. Dice Aronis. Come on, it's almost as simple as you. What the f***ing bag enough? In fact, when you turn on the f***ing stall, you think you can manage that honey. Hey, butter bing up. In fact, don't stop. Remember. Thank you, Donald, came to town. Right, none of these. Stop the feather, all piz-ah-shake. Call this dice Aronis. Oh, you're doing a fight. Oh, no meat. The turkey industry. Oh! One of the 13 at 5.50 W Q A. Happy holidays, two years. But if you're obnoxious, be here this morning so far. That's okay. We're used to it. And of course, Harvey from Margates says, Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning, Mr. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes. Hi, Neil. Can you hear me, sir? Yes, sir. Because I'm getting nervous about our phones, sir. Oh, that's okay. You know, from time to time, the state of Florida has an anti-crime announcement. If you use a gun, if you get 10, 20 light, you're heard of that one. Yeah. I'm just wondering. Because since I listened to you, you've made me... I'm just curious about this one thing. Yes, sir. They really... It's really carried out to the limit of what they say. It's something that just... The playkata, the pleases. I haven't got any idea. I would somebody from Lawrence for... It's not kind of a plead bargaining, so that... That's what I mean. They're otherwise... Imagine if they say it's with a gun, it probably applies to a knife also. I would think. No. No? No. Yeah, but it is. But... Because it would apply to a knife. OJ would never have moved here. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. And by the way, Baldi over there at the Sun Channel, quite writing that boring crap about his squeeze or whatever. At Christy Prodee, but it's nobody cares anymore. It's getting really stale. Very stale. Kind of like these calls. Here's their field. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. About five years ago, I worked for a FF control company. Yes, sir. And I got a call with Golo, a catagol, steam. Because they had these little per seance when we kitchen. And I get there. And you know, if you see the kitchen, it's all black. I've never seen the kitchen, because I've never seen the kitchen, because I've never been anywhere near his house. Oh, you have it. It's not the floor's block tile. The counters are black, kind of black marble. The cabinets are painted black. The... all the appliances are black. There's about 12-chapachino machines. And what's left covered by cap of chino machines on the counter there is covered with... There must have been 35 bottles of olive oil. Yeah. It was amazing. Well, I know where those go. So I'm looking for these little piss ants, right? Yeah. I can't see anything in the kitchen. It's totally dark. Right. Well, I asked the lady. I said, tell me where you're starting at. She says, everywhere. I said, okay. So she left and I just prayed a little shmucks around and they had some catachino in whole life. Uh-huh. Good thinking. That's it. Okay, thanks. See, let me just... I would like to make a suggestion here. And that is that the program, I like to rest of the world. This show is not about Algo's theme. See, I know the rest of the world. In fact, the rest of the universe is about Algo's theme. But this program is not about Algo's theme. I don't know what to care about his house. In fact, I'm sorry that he mentioned his house. I'm very sorry that he called. What was it? Fourteen times before? I'm sorry they did that. Because this is not a program about Algo's theme. I think he's paying these people to call. Probably. Probably. I don't care about his house. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Delray Beach, hello. Hello. Hello. It's me. I'm on 95. But my point is, how do you think this thing was George Bush and Green Span are going to work out? I know that the... Bob, the Mark was anticipating a 25 quarter point drop in the interest rate. I know. I know it had a meeting the other morning and did not go well. That's what I can tell you. Sure. They don't have a meeting of the minds. It did not go well. Which one should I say? What does one mean? What does one mean? Do you think that Bush would have liked a quarter point drop? Of course he would. And so what if, well, who would that was going to be the incoming president wants to inherit a recession? That's my point. But the point is that the Green Span is Republican appointed by Eccolid was Reagan. Yeah. And just what he said after one of their refaitions. So when what's the thing comes in, the empty suit comes in, that he can sort of pull a thing back out again. Does that make any sense? No. No. Do you have any long time, I'd be how long it takes to get out of a recession. You have to do it. I don't just put the interest rates on once and then all of a sudden proof. You can't remember who recovers this like I ate the nine month lag before these things that are kicking in again and having effect. You think that they've got to be one or he had to be a interest rate cut yesterday. They're absolutely had to be and there was not. And to say, well, you know, we're opening the door for one and maybe, you know, maybe we'll have an intermediate one before the next meeting at a January. He's talking about January. Sir, let me say it again. It had to happen yesterday and it did not. He blew it. Not George Bush blew it. Alan Green Span blew it. Playing in simple. The Maven, the Maven who hiked interest rates at least twice and probably three times too many last year. Now all of a sudden, well, he's going away. We're opening the door. We're looking for a way to about recession, but in the meantime, hold your horses. Because we certainly don't want people to go into a panic and think that we're afraid of a recession like the economy's falling apart. Well, yes, what, dummy? That's blood on the floor, baby. Very sad. But it's only money. And like how many say, I'm a victim of my own. I'm a lot of those people don't do what I do as I say. Because I'm a victim of violence stupidity. I keep telling everybody the market is like, and didn't somebody say on this program intellectualized laws Vegas? I don't want to say it with Ted David. Because he's back working again. Thank God, didn't get canned for saying it. Intellectualized laws Vegas. I've been telling you that for years. It's like gambling without having a good time. And especially now, used to be years ago. I remember when I was a kid. And my parents bought me a few shares of Eastman Kodak, which of course was in Rochester. That's why I grew up. That's why I had a few shares of stock. Like, you know, you do for your kids a lot of times. And I'd pick up the paper in the morning and I'd read. It would go up 20 cents or down 10 cents, whatever. And the entire stock market. This is before there wasn't any nice deck. That's the way the market was. And if a stock went like, upper down a dollar was like, wow, what are that? Or like the end of the world? Now, here like right now, Cisco's down 388. And this one is, look, it's stocks that were $32 yesterday. And they're down $16. Now they're worth the $16. They just dropped 50% in value. So if you had $100,000 yesterday in that stock, today you got 50 grand. That's not investing. This is gambling. Is what it is. And anybody who wants to deny that as far as I'm concerned is either an idiot, a liar or both. It's gambling. Wild hysterical gambling. Here's a CMRC. I don't know what that is. 25 bucks. Down six bucks. Here's another one. 82.19. Down 71. Here are stocks that were. Here's a price-long.com is worth a buck now. I think it's the, yeah. William Shatt is trying to pawn that guitar. That's right. Trigic. Amazon.com. 1759. Stocks that were to, they had no earnings. But all of a sudden with this history that were $2 and $2.00 stocks, now they're sold for 15 bucks, $7.00. And we're supposed to believe that this is really investing. Here's a mobile-in-four miles, hello. How well, Neil? Yes. I got one question for you. Have you ever seen Andrea Mitchell, Rayleigh Erdogg, and James Woods together at the same time? Yeah. And Wayne Hager. And Wayne Hager. And Randy Johnson. Yeah. And a guy that played Superman. Wayne King. And in the holiday spirit, I got one question. Did Stan Nature ever figured that $2,000 bucks? No. Have a great day, pal. In fact, that's always my ace in a hole. If I lose all my money in a market, I'd always go back to collections. Rest on that. About 2 million. 5, 6705, 60, pawn 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I'm surprised more people are on addressing the economy. I'm watching my portfolio get on a tour too. Yeah. So let me ask the question. What you think is the price of oil is what's doing this. The price of oil has come way down. The price is like what? About 29 bucks have built something like that. What is the problem? The price of oil is down to 13 when the stock market was going crazy. In fact, the price of gas is the pump is already coming down in some of my Amical 20 cents a gallon. And what about the price of fuel oil? We're coming into the coldest winter we've had. Let me say it again. It's already come way down. Wait down. You think it's down far enough? Well, what if the price of fuel oil got to do with a value of Cisco or Sun Microwave? Well, I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll make sure. Or Intel. What if the price of oil has to do with that? The problem is that even you've got money to buy computers. You've got money to take each year home. What are you going to do? You're going to eat your home. The price of your car. But don't have money to eat their home. Aren't the ones who are buying computers? You know that. That's not true. It is. The average down the street is buying computers. If you can't just rely on a few intellectuals buying computers, the computers are mass produced for the masses. And if they don't have the money for Christmas to buy them, what do they got there? They're going to go, he's going to go. I'll alert them. Let me ask you something. How many people in Florida buying a heating world for their homes right now? Well, but they have the same thing with air conditioning. Electric bills go up when the price of oil goes up. Am I letting you think go up? I like to build the same as it always has been. Well, let me tell you, we're lucky here in Florida because the price of electricity is cheaper. Yeah. But you grew up in New York and you got the pencil. I did New York a pencil. There's a lot of people that buy computers and others. They can't dump it down on Florida's fence on a whole world. How many shopping isn't only about computers? They were doing one of the new local shows. Maybe it was on CNBC yesterday. They had some people down at Aventura Mall right here in Miami. And there was nobody in the mall. I was for a clock and the answer. I think it was Bill Griffin was talking about. I'm trying to tell you that I don't have any money left. But that's what I'm trying to tell you. You're talking about people in New York and Pennsylvania. Aventura Mall is here in Florida. These people aren't, aren't they? Don't have a shortage of money because of their electric bill because of, you know, well, what do you think is driving the market? You tell me. Sir, the fact is that consumer confidence is like that. And money is tight. Money is tight. You can't interest me. Why is money become tight? Because Alan Greenspan is an asshole. Why is money become tight? Jesus Christ Almighty. Why do I have to do it? Do I owe you a diaphragm? Goodbye some homining oil. Get out of my face. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. How's the place of olive oil? Great. What's the name of the house? You've got plenty of it in this kitchen. Find here one more call about your friend. You started this. I started. Yeah. You started this. You're the one that introduced this. You have an item fallen lovelin'. I'm after one with my head up his ass. I'm after one with my picture in his magazine with my tongue. With my brown tongue. That's you, Mr. Yeah. Jeff Cohen is the one responsible for. Let's play him. He's not here. Okay. Here's your field. Be. You think of George Bush Polic? 560, 0560, pound 560. Pound 560. Give me some oxygen for these calls today. Wow. Chronicles. Get away. This is not WKAT. This is not WSTOS. It's by the way Kevin back there says, Nobody in the world wants through your voice ever again, sir. Ever. Go away. Don't go away, man. Just go away and go back and play. I will yourself some other day. Get out of here. Here's the mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you so many. Didn't have a good friend. I'm bad at long time. Yes, sir. Can I hear the good friend? 560. Here's four miles. Four miles. Yeah. I'll hide the all-harsher. Okay. Hey, listen. I know you guys got your palms over there in day count. But I just got a chance to listen or read the newspaper over here today in the local section. They have a picture of a 17 year old man being escorted handcunk as you will please collar because he got busted in a sting operation for prostitution. Mm-hmm. And they got a list of all the names of all the people they got busted during this sting. You know nothing about that has been going on in the state for 100 years. That police work here. And I happen to know there's city and I'm telling you, four blocks down the road. They're selling crack okay. Yeah. So why are they wasting their time doing that? Because it's like shooting fish in a barrel. That's why because we live in a police state. How many times they have to tell you that before you start catching on a little bit. It's a police state. Yeah. What are you going to do? And then figure that out. And hearing more news about the prostitution ring here in date, county in Miami. About those cops? Oh no. No. And you won't. Okay. And have a great life. Please state, baby. Wake up and sniff. And listen to the guy damn bootstubbing for crying out loud before it's too late. It's wrong with you, Pete. He's 5-D in slow. Yeah. Let's just go clean and police work again. Okay. There's a lot of wild penises out there. And God knows what dangerous things they might be up to. 27 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM. The Neil Roger show sports radio. 5. 60. You. Hey. Floridian. Done after. Why one faster? None more than on five. We feel happy. I didn't mean to come someday. I mean to play baby. Go again. What am I going to do? Go there. Yes. And then there's one faster. Now I'm staying here. Don't talk too much now, please. Good for you. Good for you. Do you think I'm gonna use my bow button? Do you think I want to do it? Oh baby baby but then into Ph.C.A I had to talk back to V ali Oh my god Okay, so much is that the game ends Bats My little fatty<|fa|> It's safe man. Baby and daddy. Baby and daddy. What? Lorentz is sleeping already. We're over it. Els fato! Nothing happened to him. That's quite a little sad to go up. What's wrong? What's wrong? What's wrong? Come on! You can't go in. Did you leave any mark? Who's the bride? How about you with the bride? It's not a bride. I'm going to come up with a big surprise. A lot of things. I'm going to buy you a few more. I'll ask you one thing. There is no. Twenty-seven-seven-till noon at five, sixty-one. I'm happy when the two of the people here crazy that a bed bug. That's just the way we like it. Who gives you crap? We get paid. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Out of townline, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five. Sixty, three, forty, five. Mobile and store. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How about that beefly stock, a buy sell? Yeah, it's still a hang in there. Eight bucks. I'm from a rockster by the way. I heard you mentioned codec. And the local accounting up there. Codec, Syracx, and Bosch and Lam. Has been about a thirty-eight billion dollar paper loss in the Rok County alone this year. Wow. I mean, it's big. I don't know if you ever listen to Bob Brinker. No. I mean, the first thing I've heard was about three weeks ago, buying the Cues at 80 in the 80s. Well, I guess it was about a month and a half ago, just before the election. I mean, imagine how those people feel. I mean, they're looking at the QQQ around what 55 now. I have no idea. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. you're going to be able to stimulate the economy you get more money in the end of circulation is to have a tax cut. I mean look at this it's a dumpler I'm telling you I'm going nowhere. Yeah I had a quick question about the problem is that Alan Greenspan it's like mentioning God you know everybody has brainwashed and to believe in this man knows it all that he never makes a mistake and believe me he makes lots of mistakes including this last year and a half. Yeah I heard this guy last night on CNN and he were one of the talking head programs he was talking how he was seeing how and he's on the economic council like it's for Bush he was basically bad-mouthing Greenspan he says how could this guy not give us a rate decrease yesterday he said he does not understand it at all and he was like you know I don't know if he's the mouthpiece for Bush but he's one of the new administration people there well they had some of the head governors who go on all day yesterday saying the essentially the same thing that if they were still in there that they definitely would have cut the rates they had had to be done. Well that's the other thing this guy said he said that they need a whole replacement country wide with all these threat that regulators but people that sit around that table but hey I had a question I do follow the panthers a little bit I know there you're they kind of stink this year what do you mean they kind of stink what does that mean I can't believe that the year they had last year which you know I thought it was a big mistake when they got rid of running you know because I kind of thought that he kind of gave that he was telling is not the problem go to the is not the problem. I'm coaching too I never like Murray I never liked either one. coaching is the problem but lack of talent I keep telling people that lack of talent and bad trades here's another BN deal they went out and traded for Anders Erickson from the Black Cauks who's another one of Brian Murray's earlier mistakes with Detroit he keeps going back to the same Igor Larry on off all we want to send it back now let's get rid of me doesn't want to go. Aaron Anders Erickson another mistake again you know I had in luck or stuck record the public the so-called fans the long-suffing fans were supposed to sit back and dummy up until Wayne makes the deal to sell the team there's no point discussing any of it because until he sells the team no changes will be made. Well the first thing I should do is I'm a 32 games and they've won six and these people still have their jobs. Well the first thing I should do Neil is bring Ted Nolan into coaching. It's not Nolan isn't coming here sir he's blackballed in the NHL he's not coming here. We are but with your influence on him. He is not coming here with my influence right you'll notice how fast I got the Murray's out of here with my influence. Well what is wrong with you people are you in some kind of a dream where it was my influence. I got two calls on the board here I got so much influence and probably both of those are retards that's where influence I got what I what kind of plan that are you living on with my influence. God. Jesus Joseph and Mary I would have called him sick if I knew this was going on today this you thought you weren't going to get a funny call this is special and then that but that crazy person in sales I get I'm telling you right now he did write that letter there's no doubt the fact that he came in here again with another one he's letters this morning and handed to me like oh things are what I really wonder what I'm saying I'm happy how did I give you another check what they don't get that. Stay out of here Peter stay away stay far away. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile and story hello. How are you doing okay sir. Just giving you a call to plug a codec of Mississippi. I'm not going to Mississippi. Well that's basically Memphis it's a real city. It's a real city. It's got 21 casinos now and it does have was Vegas style gambling all the way. That better arts and everything that even lost Vegas because the competition's so key it's got single back block jackets got all the you like it every casino. Yeah that's an a treat you're very well and you know you don't have to be a giant fish just to get everything. That's not a bad place to go but also stock market go up stock markets go down you know we all know that the net is actually way over price I mean you're saying it yourself. No no we don't all know the net is that was well over but now we know but the fact is that fact then people including all these experts on CNBC we're talking about the old economy and the new economy and that these wild these peas that are 200 and triad it doesn't mean anything anymore because it's for industry these companies and down the road and it was all aligned. Other now these same people around here this morning saying well you know something we're never going to have we're never going to have 300 and 400 peas again and all the so the boy it was all it was all a bubble and a liberal it was a once in a lifetime Phantom by. There was and if anybody sold in thought they did well but the and also these people are making tremendous bonuses off the same thing you know they can't go on and say things are bad and kill their own bonus I mean they're paid to do what they're paid to do yeah even the CNBC people if the people get discouraged about the stock markets you know but people won't be watching as well. You're right. You're right. You know it's all like a big deal. Big deal it's like a big side show exactly yeah I mean the people invested in the Amazon dot com 200 hours a share of gotta seven or more bus 17 bucks right deserve what they got Yahoo with 300 yeah deserve what they got what you got what you got okay I'd like to ask pal okay okay and same to you let me sell you some zerox how about some shithicks five six seven how about some this TV huh I hear it's going up to 400 I just made that up fine well hey I can make it up if my stock broker you can do why can't this is five sixy you a yeah I'm sorry sex with say take it up your ass they're funky they're old they're the California proves so when you're dead they're old and clean and your times to pay you every day you've heard from a week and that's for sure and so for you we got the cure just eat some of our see the Saturday day and there's lost your plans of a country world but there's a good and they're pasting never looks like this relaxes nice but it's on like fast just you so good well real fast under the body yeah California proves what a way to go it's 143 at five 60 WQAM here's Marguin hello yeah good afternoon Neil yes sir you know talking about Alan Greepman and interest rates it this is a formula I believe that with tax cuts and low interest rates the public has more money to spend the economy heats up prices rise debt rise and you have a recession and that's exactly what what's happening it's Greenspend it's a little bit behind have you been a little bit behind yeah I mean he's about a month right here you should have raised interest rates more time you should have raised them a long time yeah because if you go if you look at the prices you know what I want to you talking about you should have raised interest rates all on year they've been raising interest rates what are you talking about the go further up because sorry you're out of your mind you're a crazy person you're a lunatic don't be calling it on some talk show just because you hate you have a mouth and you can make words come out of your mouth I know less about the the guy than economy and about the market than probably anybody in the world but I still a more than you do which isn't saying much he needs to raise interest rates right 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a rise in wireless lines 4,000 open lines just will just open and waiting for your perspicacious comments and happy holidays from all your friends at QAM here's a mobile and wellington hello it was up there near the sir as the jury treating you fine no problems that's good um... and you're pointing to what that I said until that last call uh... and actually uh... and we're at it again was kind of good stuff uh... minor point before i thought that the panthers but he still need a haircut plate and plantation yes okay i mean he's a bad word i'm gonna shave it all off and robbers for a workshop uh... twenty six ninety two north university and that's twenty six ninety two is where uh... right in front of but it's it's on the board of the in sunrise like give me a street like across street uh... uh... uh... north university actually right near commercial okay okay now you are you're right on about the panthers and i went i got a maybe three four millions but when i did you go to the getting into red wings but i was like a damn more sure at least seventy five percent of the crowd were doing for the retina well sounded like that there were about three four thousand red wind fans and i like it thinking about it at without question that coaching is pathetic there's no enthusiasm why the hell that game in someone started fight for the panthers at least get the crowd into and that's not what why you say that started fight for the pan why why why why why what what is that kind of a complex you know you're not going to accomplish it i think we did have three fights in that game in the complex episode with you do that game or the one just before the i mean they all blend in a get the red this point there was one of the games i think was the one just before that maybe carolina and it had three fights in broad it didn't accomplish anything but well more what the point what's logic that is that which is that what you can go see it to see guys fight in hockey game well listen more quality of the coaching that there's no one but that you just make that comment i said that because in that particular game you're right the fighting doesn't accomplish anything but that game to me the guy showed like they don't care and sometimes i know team will do this at least will start a scrap i i just got to sing and you agreed with me the game just before that it was either carolina who ever was i know they lost and they had three fights and everybody taught everybody said that the big sparks are was fighting and mele and be was fighting and it was the islander games of matter fact because it was the game where uh well well got in two fights with charla and mele and be went after uh Kevin holer because he was taking a shot at buray who was the islander game it didn't accomplish a damn thing and they still got their asses kick this don't you people understand this team suffers from a lack of talent yes the coaching is bad and the general manager is big and one bad deal after another because and that's the reason that the roster is so thin this team doesn't have it don't you guys get it right i'll leave you the thirt hulao scorer girls for this team buray and whittening and who else that's it who else maybe wants to know why Mike sundar who else is gonna scorer for this team i'll just leave you with this thought and you obviously know this but look at it seem like the devil why they good year in your app they start from a minor league system they work their way up you look at any good team i look at my least it's run a maple leaf they've got so many outstanding young players somebody gets her they bring up a Nathan Demserio the young Peter's uh uh what's his name the defense but they've got so many of those guys uh and there's like a limitless number of guys that they can bring up Jeff Farcus and the playouts when they hit injuries the panthers they bring up the youngsters for me organization and they all stink and in a week or two they're all backed out into minor leagues again because they can't cut it well let's we have uh when you back or can't wait to at least see him i think and yeah he don't play for us by my check okay have a great day pal you can you Peter's for both of the young one how you doing Peter five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marbles line but let's start a fight come on why do people say this crap why do they say things that just on the face of the marshal apparently absurd it's what they want oh come on Peter oh can this be the same old kooten court cave call hello hi Neil how you doing how you all are they yes sir uh i might not perform to the shoot too and uh yesterday uh on tv i see George Bush uh and the pain and green span there for a few minutes he was telling him was he doing a dance yeah must have been he's gonna need to do more than a dance yeah he's gonna need to do an algal stein on him because truthfully i think green span was a little pissed off when uh which kind of held him by the arm there and uh kind of made him pose in front of the camera out there sir please you got some whining noise in the background there and again the kistap that's coming out of your mouth is worse than the god it said he needs to raise interest rates the you know well what's the point of talking to these people a harvey from uh hell says that i got the the most very colors in the world i got the worst colors of any talk show in history of radio the show is great the colors blow imagine how good the show would be if we had calls that made any sense maybe that's why the show is great because the colors are so inane how is it possible to be so full of clap bush held him by the arm there for the point still only recently put his arm a lot of present is because they wanted to take a picture okay you idiot and i don't like bush any better than you to but for crying out a lot if this is well gonna get for four years is that every time he fights the wrong flavor you're gonna be making a attack on it what kind of an american are you she these people already got him set up hoping that he fails see we tell you shall you people are assholes that hope that the president fails just because you didn't support him that's real american isn't it's called being a political asshole is what that's called which is what you are sir the whole economy of the world is is hinging all of the fed is gonna do and because George bush put his hand on allen greenspan shorter we're supposed to believe that that pissed him off and therefore he's you know he's sticking it to us now that's why they didn't cut interest rates oh my god and let me say it again this is what's out there florida this is what's there this is what's driving all around you in a highways this is what's fighting you in the supermarkets and the stores this is what's out there this is what just created this nightmare in the election florida this gigantic big losing penis you love here's a mobile in bokeh hello hello Neil how are you okay let me apologize if I can't for the call which I know I can't apologize for me I'm responsible I'm more than I am these are crazy people these are dumb people these are blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum blum I know that last guy is just amazing you know you need to stand behind your present no matter if you agree with them or not because you know united you stand to the body you're gonna fall great so I'll for sure yeah I'll re-quit points allen greenspan the man is a complete idiots nobody the problem with is people listen to the man and they shouldn't they should really just I'm not saying these are complete idiot now because he's made some mistakes I mean I'm not ago from one extreme to the other but the fact is he's not infallible he's not perfect he's not some kind of a financial haven he makes mistakes and he has brilliant yesterday and more panel looking at the sport because even if they did cut interest rich yesterday it takes months before it kicks in before money starts loosening up again and before the economy starts turning around about you know absolutely and all four of the tax cut if anything can stimulate this the calling now we need a major tax cut and let you said to get money back into the you know the financial community that's known that he's saving this crap also that's curdy guard yesterday I just want to say I know you got some scumbags listen to show he died the guy that was shot for dumbbar security and I was just gonna say why don't you some of you scumbags take the holidays off and maybe not kill someone for Christmas and I'm at no doubt I'll leave you thank you very much what five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and for all he apologized before he started talking the thousand one twenty two in the NASDAQs one one twenty they're kind of like converting other like both want to get on the same you know so they can go both go down about three hundred today nice even numbers see it'll be good like when the dog gets down about five hundred NASDAQs out about seventy points because like I told you today it's much easier when the numbers are smaller it's much easier to finger it out here's a mobile in Oakland park hello hi Neil how are you yes sir great well first all let's just let's recap your first second one guy says the green band and cut into a phrase because your push George Bush put his hand on right once he wants him to raise interest rates right one guy wants Peter Warl to go out and fight right or anything you want something to go on fire you want to more on the call of you yeah I mean it's a fast-paced it's a holiday it's a special bunch good I'm mighty let me just ask you don't have to tell me I'm sitting here you know before the phone is open for anybody and everybody that's the best part of the deal and this is the best we can do what is that part about this thing we'll leave it without gigantic audience out there can I go to cocky hockey just for one second cocky yeah cocky and i cocky hockey you have big advocate for the panther sure a big fan of the panthers i'm a big fan of the panthers i refuse to go to the games because the product they have on the field i get free tickets i guess so i go whenever i feel like it like tonight i'm going because i want to see the penguins okay i'm just trying to figure out why people are still spending the $100 for the for the center of the center court seat or whatever they call down there at the ice center court well you know center ice to go down and watch the other night in case you haven't noticed lately the crowds keep it in smaller and smaller except on the weekend they go because they already got the tickets and it's something to do but the weeknight games it's desperate it's deadly what are they going for no what kind of a kind of crowd of show all your name well i would say most games about nine ten thousand and weekend games we get it we did actually have fifteen thousand four the color bar rival and i mean set fifteen in the paper and i would say that was the only time it's actually been the real number that was a pretty big crowd and i give people credit for that one you know i it's easy to say people there are a lot of people are hockey fans are hoping for the best or something some people come out because they wanted to see the avalanche with all their super stars or like a lot of people come out because they want to see yogurt a night or a morning struck or you know they're very good players on the penguins and when myrio comes back people come to see him but the fact is that you know as far as seeing what we got there's that much right like people go see the head you know why you don't they don't but they but they don't they aren't going don't you understand they're not going most of the heat home games are played in front of nine and ten thousand people but that's ten to still ten thousand idiots that are going down the waste of money for products it's a two hundred percent some people have already spent their money they've already spent them and i don't have the tickets i guess that i've got to answer you please give people by people if people are if people buy season tickets they've already made the investment it's very easy for you to say well you shouldn't go but they've already made the investment right they don't know so they've got a group and they didn't get shit well they they go hoping that maybe they'll get entertained i mean they spent the money might as well get something for it hope for the best or maybe they'll just the other team will be exciting i guess that's the best we can help for the only joy you say i love you sure okay man everybody in this i want to what i'm getting excited about so negative so god damn negative i'm gonna go tonight i don't expect the panthers to be spectacular night but i want to go see y'all your play and i want to say i want to go see the game plus it's boring is hell here anyway if this wasn't one of the most boring places on a face of the earth they're probably wouldn't be 50 people there with a kind of crap that they're putting out there but this man is so agitated and so first we did that people are showing up and you know i just don't get it why why is that bother you so much great facts in 1555 most red on this road come to millennium month 12 in the home of the greatest power the village idiot will come forth to be a claim the leader this is 560 qa s for 3doh 560 wk m by m for blood or day a beastly broadcast group station and wkm dot com for the world anybody have a heart or a liver there's a cheese or life behind the car go down the block the house the zada we are reaching we were fishing on this is our juniors and so a night we night life when it says to be committed and night all we get to night is of a normal day to bench you could sit and that's all about our holiday is really such a for a night come and all the boys all we get to night is on a normal day to bench you could sit and that's all about our holiday is really such a for a boy it's so hot for us to go shopping we don't know when honey that's happening what is the beach only to late you can all miss you then go yeah what are we supposed to do that you think it's easy to get yes when we only say hold down all we get to light is on the normal day to bench you could sit and that's all about yeah that's our greenspam we're just raised interest rates one more time some more times then we could all kill ourselves that guy was just a crazy person well I wish you a single him out here's Miami hello hello yes sir I'm a new fan of the show oh yeah another see every time you guys call to the same thing I'm a new fan or I never call before you three little boy friends out there why not for the holidays doing the normal thing okay you can be to candle in the middle just a candle in your back home light it on fire with a torch here's a mobile and highly hello hey Neil yes talking about the the ignorance of self-forers what got it's results of the last collection that is that not just got us to results the entire world of these all yes well yeah but the democrat party always calendar on the ignorance of this constituency sir please don't give me a song to dance about it's a party thing there plenty of dumb Republicans too okay so plenty of dumb Republicans so stop with the stupid partisan politics if you are never the democratic party is the one that's complete five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless line of happy holidays to you two sir I wonder which party had the dumber candidate oh I'm sorry here's a mobile on hell in there oh hey yes sir this is a puzzle happy holidays sure I don't claim to be in a column this for anything but seems to me that when people buy stocks and the stock goes down yeah the only one who's loses the guy that played the game that somebody that money goes somewhere it doesn't disappear it doesn't vanish it's not like put the money in the machine and it gets burned up or something somebody's property what someone else is losing right and then what happened not necessarily the money's just coming out of the market where does it go it's got to go somewhere there's not any it geeky could go and do bonds it can go on a sidelines it can go on who knows but it's not it's not in that stock anymore it's gone somewhere else all right but it's still somewhere and somebody's got it so somebody can be right and it doesn't disappear so what is that mean it the boy is I have a level driver I'm not that kind of but seems to me the economy is boring people have more money that I've ever seen that haven't been really wrong just just ask the people in retail I'll tell you that you're absolutely you can be adding further on if you tried I can't come and told from the airport there's more people travel no what you what you do is not retail retail means you have a business you have a store you open the door in the morning and people come in and you have a cash register that's retail and retail is way off and at this time it is a bad bad but there's never been more traffic to the airport than there is right now so what does that mean so it means the economy can't be that bad if that many people are spending that much money on airlines and levels well maybe there's spending on airlines and limers but they're not spending it on merchandise so that you know it's one sector you know I don't think the economy is that bad but then again I'm not an expert I'm just telling you what I see well I'm glad you're doing good and have a good holiday oh boy the world that's five my mother the world according to Millie you know the sound is in her toilet so it must be sounding like that and toilets all over the world what's her show on tomorrow it about to look to fifteen five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line we're getting some real good lessons in economics here today aren't we for the oh yeah economy is booming people have got more money than ever before and that money for me the money is coming out of the market they're all getting on plane trips and given it's a remote driver that must be worth scrolling he answered his own question here's surfside hello I don't feel I'm Jerry over here listen I want to know uh here we don't do names on his show but that's okay Jerry just don't say it again okay well let's come on up with these numbers they're talking about a tax cut instead of getting everybody attached that would get some of the in the office and now he goes to watching the decent president Clinton in the whole Congress tells him you can't cut taxes you have to pick in a little bit at a time I'm here to tell you right now what no who comes up with these numbers I mean I was like the number one before he went to DC you know how come up with what numbers well what I mean is is they say the numbers don't work if he cuts taxes sir sir sir let me say something you he's not even an office yet okay yeah right if you'd like to blame what's happening with the economy on him right now I'm afraid you a little bit premature he doesn't take office till January 20 it's a month away yes I'm not blaming him I like that you have a tax cut even if I don't know the numbers but what I'm saying is is is the whole thing is gone up on paper it looks great now he goes to watching the DC and everybody's telling him the numbers don't work I don't like that I think that we're being subjected to sub-defeated by these people to I don't know why they got to spend all this money on shipping bases on the moon or more or something I mean like anything the home economy is right out of the open where you can see it and now he's being told by the company you've got to be on the other night when I don't want to show that there's art bell art bell see how to art bell sir you're just put on his dark sunglasses if I had any I'd put him on right now too I think we need to turn the lights out I'm going to do the rest of the show under the counter today I'm getting under the table and doing a show down there we have secret military bases on the moon and we might even be building some on Uranus to you better take a look okay you thought it was just like a car bunker it might be a god damn military base you know we can listen to them through the radio you know why I think that they're going to be building one talk a little yeah that's coming next here's a mobile in pepper pine cello Neil that's a little premature speculation for you hey I just wanted to tell you I think the best thing for you to do in the market nowadays take all your money out take the mid-church to a lot of Vegas and have a great time I have a happy holiday okay and back to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 ten Verizon wireless one see what you understand to is I have lost the dime I have lost the penny in fact I made money I had to take losses on one fund just so that I could balance out the money that I made how do you like that on paper I'm getting killed am I worried about it not me I'm gonna not happy about it and my being in my pants am I panicking no I'm not this is my no effect I'm buying more and when it gets all done I went out every stock is a dollar my income isn't going to change I'm going to buy a whole bunch more I might go up to two dollars at least a buck then what do you say George buy with both hands okay and you know what stock I like you know it's a nice good number yeah I don't want to mention those stocks in particular in fact Bruce B. said that before he's left yesterday said you know speaking of this market stuff I don't want to go put any pressure on you and I'm not going to give you the name of the stock but there's one stock going for one million fast the meaner of the season here that I forgot that I said I don't think so Bruce I said if you gave me a bunch of it maybe I'd consider it why don't they just give me a whole bunch of stock huh like about ten thousand cheers and you have it incentive to well be nice like about a hundred thousand cheers I haven't incentive to like you know not take another six months off in Vegas here that sounds good let's do the show from Vegas what do you say uh without me church how's that chitters coming rich and that dish TV oh she just asked Steve's here's a immobile in Palm Beach hello yeah yeah I just come in a little bit of go and be here where it's on the comments that you repeated that people made on the calls and I got on when you've been all quite did I but I can't go I'm like I can't go I'm going to go make money what they got as people studying more money that they don't have that never before and that a guy who says he hopes push us wrong look I go to the against push too and you know you gotta get the assignment what are we going to do cut our noses off the starter faces I hope you fail I mean how stupid is that like you said but you know I wish he didn't have to be seeing I wish we could just hear him on the radio I mean just the side of makes me sick because I did go against them but he's there and we got to hope that the best man here he wants himself with brighter people than himself talk about what does that because the right thing talk about one dimensional people I just reach over here to get the faxes and people are faxing me stuff about stuff about the reconstituted doing and I mean why don't people let it go already it's nothing is going to change right it's over I mean he's then let's let's stand behind him I hope he says well wish him well give him some good calm and give him some good vibes he's going to need it for four years and if we want to get through these four years we're going to have to do it with him you know we have a whole bunch of people out there millions of them I afraid I just want to be pissed off for four years that's not going to accomplish anything I wish and I was pissed off but I got over it because it's over you know I I wanted to see it to go another way like you did but I got one take on the situation you know for what it's worth you know you always talk about and you're right about what political pawns we are and Green Span is not an idiot now he didn't cut the rates yesterday and we're all staying house stupid could be how could he make that mistake I hope that he be but he you know he's not that stupid the scenario since I've I totally believe we're manipulated for the complete all times is how good does it look that if Green Span on the next go around cut center rates after George Bush gets into office and perhaps has a conversation with him or some influence with him and everybody says oh look what George Bush did he got Green Span the cut rates whereas if he did it at the end of the Clinton administration it would be just gone out of the work I got to have a break this got to have a breakfast with him two mornings ago and I'm sure that I had a cup of during the conversation that Bush would have liked to have seen in cut life he doesn't want to come in in the middle of a brutal recession it's going to get deeper every minute that they don't do something that doesn't make any sense yeah I thought I just you know my feeling is it's just going to make Bush look better if it happens when it comes under his administration and the fact that what's a couple of months that people who are dying and getting crushed by it are right let me say it again it takes several months they're saying six to eight nine months if they cut interest rates tomorrow you know they're talking about how he's far behind the curve that's what they keep talking about he is far behind the curve because they were still raising rates when they should have began to start lowering them months ago yeah yeah but that's at the point that he makes the cut your right is a time and element and God that's the effective it but at the time he makes it that's what I think the political football is is it going to be now well it's going to be if I if I lively hoods and if I retirement money and if the economy the whole world is based on what you say then we might as well all blow our brains out that's all I can tell you if it's all based on such brazen politics is what you're telling me then there's no hope in addition to which if he's so partisan then because he is a Republican if he's so partisan for Bush how come we had eight years of such great prosperity and such skyrocketing markets uh huh coincident right that's how it would be a stock broker I know as you'll make chana you do voices problem it's afternoon in five sixty wqm the mail Roger show sports radio five sixty you a half and now a public service announced it the representative of the iacc the International Association of Colyn Cowboys we ask the citizens across America to donate whatever you can to start an alternative club to the Boyz Gats of America but pirates of the Caribbean will give young men an opportunity to experience the fun and camaraderie of exciting outdoor activities such as sailing camping and my favorite we need roasting give them a chance give what you can thank you 15 to five sixty people are fine to me this stuff because they won't let go but and if i agree with those people say they shouldn't be doing these recounts because all it's come to is good everybody crazy you will end our sentinel conducts the first outside review to be completed any forward account since the u.s. Supreme Court hold of the statewide recount December nine the papers findings grow lost in net hundredy votes in lake county votes that were clearly uh uh uh uh uh uh here is even in the conservative GOP bashing that uh Bush uh dominated as a whole so in other with he uh had hundred and thirty more votes than they counted the sendals review found that three hundred and seventy six discarded ballots in lake county were clearly intended as votes for Gore in each case an over next was named was filled in with a pencil and the voter mistakenly filled in another over next to a spot reserved for a right in candidates writing in Gore's name or running mate you'll leave them in there as well another 246 such ballot so clear votes for motion running mate Dick Cheney were thrown out had so all such ballots been counted the net game would have been hundred thirty votes for Gore just in lake county i would public in the county so they're going to continue doing this all around the state and they're going to say oh you see the herald was right Gore should have won a state by twenty thousand votes or whatever the number is and then what and then everybody's going to be released half the people are going to be very pissed off and people are going to be screaming are you saying we told you and what's the point what is the point very very sad pathetic i keep telling you they stole it square and fair you're not going to get it back the fix was in here's a mobile an aventura hello Neil good y'all did yes sir and i happy holiday studio and by the way i'm like an an i'm like an i'm like an i'm not an ectrace it's not a booleo there's a macupano key yeah tell you that does that make me a jewel jewel a jewel yeah yeah you know they are thinking the other day i've been listening to you when you should do those shows them around with the home lady you should have topics like twenty years ago yeah i think those days should definitely come back no i don't know i don't know no the last i saw you was over at quarters and we were talking about my friend uh rest in peace was remember your neighbor he was always black bow remember he used to live in the same complex yeah and later the court james had drugged you yeah exactly exactly exactly exactly he stole exactly dead right big fan of yours and every time i go to visit him it's like together it's double cottage is for him but what do you tell me what was it who the dead man the dead guy he was a nice guy he just had a major major major major drug problem who's young kids who he died he's still dead yeah well listen other than that which is putting the audience into a coma just like that guy is what what else oh what else is that i'm like i have a major identity problem because being having been born into by the court yeah you want you already said that thank you and have a nice holiday five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two whereas the wireless line line a bigger driver here's a mobile and talk my name hello hey how you done okay sir what i got with the region from a problem you hey got a quick question why just want to mention a couple of things um with regard to the economy so much of this is cyclical in that under one of the sick part okay it's it's it's so much of this for the people that are Democrats are all freaking out is so much of this is not going to depend on who's a president it's the economy goes through cycle well what do you mean Democrats are all freaking out don't you think they were publicans were invested up to their armpits are freaking out too no i i yeah i agree with you but i'm saying the people are saying to the world's gonna end because their candidate didn't get an office so much of this is it's it's been a long before they ever decided who is the one or the election this this this thing started back in march that the next day started thanking uh that this isn't starting when you had the election so i agree with you i a lot of people are saying that they don't they don't they know the economy's going slightly in the slump but they're so far in the market it's not going slightly in a slump the NASDAQ is 2385 and Marcher was 5100 points that's not slightly in a slump that's a drop in more than 50 percent okay i would not slightly in a slump okay i agree with you but i think it's $300 a share and it's what's 17 today that's not slightly in a slump no i okay it looks bad but what i'm saying is is that the people that don't want to admit it looks bad don't want to admit it because they're so far up in their neck that they're scared to admit anything but i can look look at one different aspect i'm on for it up to my eyebrows and i'm not in denial it's very obvious if you look at your portfolio and it's down by 20 percent or 40 percent or 50 percent or whatever it is it's not a question of admitting it it's a fact it's just there you're right it's not looking here's a different perspective look at it this way um it's far as looking at the economy's for some of the people that are believers that i mean believers not one well they don't believe there that's like they're walking around saying that uh but they can't see the writing on the wall that we're we're going down i mean this is bad it's getting bad look it if you look at all that one of the first signs of major corporations that the economy is because headed for isn't a swamp that a person however you want to put it they automatically cut back in the worst place that they shouldn't which is advertising yeah and you look at for example which is just for all i think that's why time-worner and a well i'm just both even though they just emerge you're got approved of both in the tank ta a well's down another 37 91 for a well-time-worners in the tank because they're advertising revenues are in the toilet exactly now look at look at them what does he want okay they cut back to advertising major now all that says is they try to improve themselves by cutting that on the money that is spending right now says that a numbers look like they're not uh that there's more profit right now because they're not spending as much on advertising but what happens after that is that the residual fact is that the people don't you know no advertising people don't go out people don't go to Disney well so all these corporations across the board they were saying I was in and I think it was advertising news or whatever they were saying that this is one of this is a major sign the major major corporations around the United States are all cutting back and advertising it's going to be in effect it's going to affect everybody also I want to say hello to George pardon me um Gary here at the mortgage brother okay have any idea what he just said no that makes all of us here let Packard cut the near timinar neutral by Merrill Lynch upgrade cycle a much much weaker than expected oh god she is going to float away or what do you hear what she just said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you notice what his name is? Creamer here's a mobile and Miami Beach hello okay next look this shouldn't be near the U.S. I'm doing great I feel great I'm doing great the audience these people are I don't know maybe they just ready to blow their brains out I don't know what to deal with with his audience today I never heard anything like this in my life it's Jerry from all she's a music it call I'll talk about president you know president so don't don't do much for the economy but greenspan does and eleven months ago greenspan talked about irrational exuberant yeah and talked about stemming it so in the last whatever six out of nine I guess F.O.M.C. meeting it's raising the rate and that's why we are where we are now that's right because he went way too far he went way too far at least who would maybe three interest rate hikes too many yeah and that that could you know it's with he comes back it brings back down again that will wait around and struggle for another six or eight months and it'll you know think again but that's why we hope that's why you should have started yesterday exactly you're right that's another thing back to the uh if nobody does what in the put his hand on his shoulder maybe things would be okay today he doesn't like being touched that's the one i'm here Mitchell said don't touch him no it's in the dander find a shoulder yeah from all that here um it the fact got one point three trillion dollars is what uh w talked about our GDP today is ten million or a ten trillion looks ten trillion for year he's gonna do this over ten years it's less than one percent of the GDP I'm also bringing it on right now yeah I'm bringing it on right now even though we want to fix the election bring it on right now I'll take I need it I'll start that in 2004 okay later five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for our wireless line maybe the good drug scheme maybe you think that might be a masterpiece got to be I mean each one is did you then the previous one each one is crazier than the previous one each one is more incoherent I can still envision that the drug guy the neighbor he was talking about that uh jubin coming home from work and standing out in front of the door and like teetering and trying to aim the key at the lock and unable to open up his front door I can remember days when I looked and you know I had in that apartment with a townhouse and in the front there were like what do they call right next to the door the things where you like uh like little windows oh and he'd be standing there with his face pressed up against the window like peering in the drug dealer next door and now he's dead 25 and of course all these people be driving up at different times of the day in the middle of the night and he strains little vehicles and every kind of the description of and they be parked at briefly and knocking on his door took a rocket scientist to figure out he was a drug dealer and then remember these before I moved out of there these people from someone south america I remember this Columbia or Brazil or a light of latinos not tubans latinos and they moved in externally like little kids and I remember you know and they were fairly friendly remember one day I was standing outside talking to the one guy the father and we got into a discussion about the drug dealer next door to make I think maybe I found him a new customer because that's not for sure that they would probably want to keep their little kids as far away as possible since it was like a drug joint next door to my house and then these people got really tight so maybe maybe they were like either suppliers or customers or both of you about fill in the black I just mentioned that and passing and he still dead 26 past noon at 5.50 WQAM okay I'm blind I'm blind to Blair and whenever I want to I'm not going to get a six six six flag over America it's so easy you'll leave your car and all hope behind in the parking lot then you're right to hand back to the house and oh Lord there's our partners dad Jack you the yellow what you do next is up to you you can join the poor horseman of the apocalypse on the car and sell them to yeah it was in your head around like the locks looms down the river sticks what relax and has a snack and our possession said yeah give me a double bond to run off and the large one to go it's a big park in the home 29 past noon at 5.60 WQAM happy to know Camerie Christmas happy holidays and closet cetera to all our psychotic people out there to where she's got a suggestion for you young Julio's out there just rub it yeah oh they already are 5.60 505.60 pound the 18.000 out of town line is open 877 78563 45 get a real good lesson in economics here today oh yeah I'm learning a lot raising just rich I'm learning a lot in fact I'm learning that is little as I thought that I knew I'm a genius compared to most of you folks so don't be calling and give me a song to the end about how I got sucked into buying this TV and chitrix because no church is an asshole okay at least the ones that I picked are I doing pretty damn good most of them even now here's Boker hello you know how you doing today okay sir I got one of my neighbors is a VP for Citrix and I'll all 60 grand in May listen to her ass on this stock and I tell you what what green stand did yesterday just let's the average working man know that he didn't write for anything in the country I mean we all need a hand and the average guys hurting the rich get richer and the poor get poor and we keep going downhill how do we get rid of green stand be tell out of me George W. is going to have to say goodbye bye well we need to get some new fresh thinking working in our country I think I don't think Bush is the answer but hopefully he can appoint some with his new staff okay pal hang on tight thanks okay good luck what do you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hey Neil I I wait hey listen I hope I can make you feel better here I'm gonna I just say you said how I said great good so how you're gonna make me feel better well I do a lot with these companies like Citrix and Motorola down here and I can tell you how you took a big big dump on that Citrix stock I do think that when the cyclical cycle goes back up yeah that Citrix was gonna do well so just hang in there with that what I really wanted what is that gonna happen five out of year and a half mm-hmm if I might know I mean they were good they were they were real good then also they took a big dump I don't have Motorola I bought it in 19 and sold it like a little over 20 I've rid of it in about two weeks okay I buy and about a year and a half you'll see both those two companies which are fairly well run are gonna be well okay so hang in there man I'm hanging okay thanks yeah here you go see you if you're better already no yeah I feel better I'm hanging I'm not losing any money it's all on paper what's a few million on paper it was a few million where I'd be sitting here of course not what is that what's number of your friends of the little friends you have their number now three eight eight fifty eight thirty three if anybody wants to grab the get involved in telephone circle jerk with a lot of holes out there it's 305 of course where the hole is our 305 388 5833 3833 5833 like I said I'm sure that we haven't talked yet and maybe you guys you can participate in there on there for a circle to circle jerk punch a little crazy back to it we should charge a penalty when we do this five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey Neil how you doing I should change it to a 900 number yes sir three things first that yeah I went last night to the heat game never don't go that often what the best games I've ever seen is awesome game yeah yeah that was one number two no I guess I'm feeling what do you think the outside of the bush doesn't know how to make his own tie and you don't think and what about it no I'm just saying I'm on TV sitting in the White House talking to Clinton it just doesn't look like he belongs in a suit or that he knows how to make his own time well and he's what you got you better get used to it may be there for four long excruciating years you better get used to it you better hope somebody makes him smart Neil I'm in the same boat as you do and what I've been doing in terms of investing I just started investing last October's when I came into some money it's the worst year I could have ever started well I mean hey I'm even worse than you I started in March when the NASDAQ was 5100 and I was lucky enough to get turned on I want to say by a rumor to a guy who's obsessed with text stock and as me in tech up to my guy damn earlobes yeah you know I'm rounding it up you have direct or really bothers me is as if you listen to CNBC every time there's an event that they claim once we get past this event everything's going to be fine first it was the election the uncertainty with the election and it's that they come up with an excuse every time everybody on CNBC is full crap including that Joe Batapaglia from Gretel yeah he said the NASDAQ was going to be 5200 December to once ago they're awful crap you're right and they say it in bonds or or by real estate I guess what else it's going to do what do I have to say it's nothing but gambling and I sit here and I keep saying that the only problem being that I'm so like most of us I'm so deeply into what I can't get out with taking a human as well so I just have a few times you can put it put it in the checking account for 2% well how about putting it in CDs they're here and teaching you in 7.5% yeah you know all the guys that caught all the stocks and they're money off the call those certificates of depreciation that thought they're out of it but they're awful a crap it's probably the same one we have almost no inflation and when you get 7.5% what's wrong with that at least it's guaranteed you're not going to lose a dime what's wrong what can be wrong with that well they can make commissions off of that yeah that exactly all right good luck I'll see you at the bank I got good trick too I I took a little off the table but I'm all the 600 shares take a little off the top yeah that's good trick a little off the top okay good luck yes sir how's that set to still today baby that's not even worth looking I could look it off over our hand repeater but how's that pull coming do you think we're going to have a recession yes it's coming in the recession 211 out of 27 votes 53 and a half percent say yeah rawity in it's 52 of us because I voted rawity in it 25 percent no economy is going to be just fine 44 21 percent say I want to worry about everything just fine no swat's key those are probably people you know when they have a problem they just ask jeeps here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir are you doing this is the police sounds like a funny voice to me something about a funny voice last night there was on CNBC this is your real well-wester is this a put on you were a turbine hello yes sir yeah last night on CNBC there was something into things Lawrence could low which was more of a cutlery and he's a fancies right when he's a crap yeah I think that is at something that no government officials should stay like more than two turns in office right green span uh-huh and the other thing when he's at our green span green span the national right he said and the other thing he said he said that the the the fat policies that they use is like from 1900 they they the models that they use are updated models and it makes sense with this economy and you see every time always like the Larry Cuddle or you don't even know the right wing fancies he knows this crap yeah I am good show Neil keep it up okay thanks I'll see you here convenience store five six seven five six the you're in the cab pound five six the only eighteen t how come we don't have Pakistani cab driver so we got all Haitians I guess because we got Haitians and they were cheaper and that's why the shfarts are in the Haitians have that tremendous hostility gone so anyway speaking of that speaking of other countries are good old buddy Tom Hopkins from WID from the old days if I remember Tom Hopkins who used to say four of the sucks and he believes it so much he's leaving he was later give us a nice check for plant-parer to the last night at uh- pizza loft and he's bailing out he's hidden for close to week of baby in fact a lot of folks seem to be hidden for close to the rica seems to be the place to go that seems to be the place and the dollars work like three nineteen of their whatever they call her currency there what is it but it appeals whatever and he seems to be pretty happy about it's all because he was getting out here he was getting out and had a big small in his face I said you know something Tom I can cheer really to that and look at the calendar and I said oh well be that long five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for lives of wireless line so every that story one what's his name your fat friend was on the phone before but he kept talking so they probably didn't hear it about the uh same sex marriages receiving final approval in the villains yesterday which they did I just thought I mentioned that in passing since in so many social areas and just about every social area they're at least about 200 years ahead of us but they sure don't have enough strip shopping centers 22 till one at five sixty wqn the real rots your show sports radio five sixty you a look at and stick it from the makers of nutten honey comes a brand new record studio with a name it'll cause even more problems you know what do you eat man primord and nothing home oh yeah new nutten home oh it's just crunchy nuts and great a oh marginalized milk what are you eating Lance nothing home Lance please not in front of my wife new patient nothing home you from the makers of brinkloop 1241 at five sixty wq a m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless line let's give that number out again for anybody wants to talk to a bunch of little hoolio baggage the number is 305 388 5833 column and keeping busy all day get put your hand on it 305 what is it again 388 5833 this should only rot here's pepper pine so here I know yes sir no god how are you okay I'm happy holidays too I got a couple of things first no politics no economics no sports I just want to say thank you for all the great years of service and I love you man you keep me entertained all the time I try to get in yesterday I couldn't I want to wish my wife a happy 19th anniversary great for great years of service okay next thank you so much you know you're the wonder okay thank you she's servicing the group five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line what about over there and what is close what's wrong with you those pickers over there huh get turned on by your pet last night 877785 6345 here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir how you doing five six seven oh five sixty see no matter how fast you talk it's still ain't gonna get on the air okay no matter how fast you talk with your little messages for your little boyfriends it still isn't gonna get on the air it's not the way it works do you understand no I didn't think so five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless line I mean what's the point of this why would just take off between like you know about the 15th of December till the new year rings in we're just killing some time here here's a mobile in sunrise hello hey Neil you want to talk economics I'll tell you what those it is Corio and canals and their economics plan what it's no stadium is just what was my economics what is that happy to do with anybody in the money they haven't invested what does that have to do with a person being sir well I'll tell you what it's just it's ridiculous to see what they're doing well you know something sure like I said before I don't care doesn't affect me it doesn't affect most of the people who are listening to us right now so let's talk about things that do you see I understand that there's a certain segment of the audience I want to keep taking these things and turning into a big cause to them and I almost a couple of days ago allowed myself to get sucked into doing that I'm not gonna do that I'm not gonna bust a guy about that if they want to build a baseball stadium on every corner in date county be our guest have a wonderful life have a great time doing it they can drop the people in from God damn Skyhooks for all I care go right ahead if you want to get all bent out of shape like we like I said a moment ago go right ahead have a nervous breakdown bust a gut pop a big one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 into the dollars down one fifty five then has that's down a hundred and forty point but it's only money like the guy said before just hanging there everything will be just just fine it'll be great yes ma'am hi Neil I just wanted to ask your question have you ever had somebody like call up and is totally not familiar with doing with the hospice care things like that have I ever had somebody call up and is not totally familiar with dealing with hospice care the reason I'm calling it a very frustrated is I have a neighbor and they live by themselves and I can't get thrown into trying to help them they were pretty much kicked out of hospital because insurance won't pay for them to stay in the hospital and longer in their terminal with cancer and I was just wondering if there's a central group of people that I can help him get in contact with or something like that because I'm just real frustrated and I know it's not worried about him I haven't got any idea but maybe somebody knows does well maybe some of you call okay okay thanks good luck bye bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to the dollars and where let's line here's a mobile in Miami hello okay and have a great life here's the call somewhere but don't say on the screen hello Neil yes sir just leave it home Dale came out there's gentleman out here you know the salvation army ringing bell you remember they're going to marry a person as whole all this kind of going have be on a continuous rock to watch but he goes hey epic ones get that money are squeezing your back good here's come a red cello and you know how you do it okay hey can you play me you have the errands I'm looking you'll get your errands summers yeah I thought on your website one you mean just where she says that oh well just a second yeah Neil that's good that's what yeah did okay my wife and I bought ourselves got herself a good best Christmas present for ourselves and our family we got our home and a job in an other town and I always said it's been as I read Miami on the call Neil and tell them thank God thank God we're leaving and I just like to say goodbye to all your people who see even see and can I all you losers yeah oh it's unbelievable congratulations thank you sir you have a great life and that'll look at the onion and that's it all still lucky bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye you got out of here lucky bastard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 day this is the town that refuses to send the rebu so how they from hell I you know that fact you saw your intentions were good but your sofa a crap is usual anybody who would defend the call is on this program needs serious assistance it's not only today or isolated days it's every day every day of my life coming in morning with the greatest of optimism and talk to a bunch of bozos whiff nothing to say fill in the blank whatever the topic is it could be or could it makes no difference of all of the sit here and carry on about the thing with counting the ballots all day and get all the other shape about that in sacrifice five years of my life from frustration stress I could easily do that and I'm gonna do that because what's the point what the other accomplish here's a lady mobile and baby hello hi I'm a hospice nurse and I just heard the lady calling I've been for information on hospice I can tell her who to call okay hospice care power county the number four six seven seven four two three they can help her great thanks a million okay bye bye by hospice care of power four six seven seven four two three that was quick and I thank you very much so we try to do something nice out there for someone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line West Coast the Florida anybody over there would not queue over them no no I could give that number again but I guess I better not here's a little college who's calling then yeah level in top and oh hello hey Neo how are you okay long time long time listener okay how are you today great this and I'm up in Palm Beach County how many games morning games you think will be attending out of Miami this year I don't know can you say nine nine nine can you give me a favor just one one one please play on Neil five six seven oh five sixty pound five six beyond the 18 t and Verizon wireless line mobile informer Dale hello hey how's it going great great but I got a question for you seeing that is done those tricks with holidays you're gonna be taking any time off no no I'll let's come look before it's that I'm gonna be who on Christmas day I won't be here but nobody works on Christmas day but you've been here today after right yes sir okay easy free you say wow yeah we all like you out here in the OELA since the OELF for a long length of time my question to you is I'm seeing that you and yet really know how to let's have it uh huh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile and Delay Beach hello yeah hi Neo yeah just a quick note the state of Florida has a hotline for the hospice care I'm sorry I don't know it off the top of my head but it's all I have the information could give that woman that number and she can get all kinds of information from her okay okay thanks a lot you have the hour and thank you so you are a couple of lives people are a three the woman that called for the information these other two called and with it and some miracle that they're still listening at this point and miracle anybody could still be listening at this point thanks to the rest of you doing such a wonderful job of bushing up this show today but I get paid one way or the other so that this is the best that software can do just keep it going we got an hour and I'm gonna still hankled me here at two and then the ball is in his court and the puck and the uh pre-skin five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t line mobile and west pond the chill okay okay uh the listen for the last four five minutes I figured I would call real quick before you blew your brains up I'm gonna follow up I'm not gonna blow my brains out what's that I still not blow my brains out no I don't I don't you do you do it you do it you do it you do it it's out of hanging there I'll roll up to the material you get and I'm super surprised about the stock market I'm bad about seventy percent this year I got it in April not March the same thing so head deep into tech and uh paying the price now definitely yeah what are you gonna do you know like you said I have a lot of time yet just gonna write it down exactly and uh green spank for president not exactly everything okay bye that's actually down 147 it's very nice number 2364 that was down 151 getting some real good to economic advice here today almost as good as knit her five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line here is Miami hello and you know yes sir I've used a hospice of barrage and they're not profit so there's two different kinds apparently okay well listen I don't want to I have a decision about this today you know I just don't want to help the woman out let me go okay thanks 4677423 we've got it the information now let's move on please please I'm begging you I'm not begging you but I'm suggesting here's a mobile info a lot of deal hello hi Neil yes just want to say that thanks for signing the order that last night the um that the it's the that was amazing uh huh it's just there's hards move but is your phone's crap on out charme happy you had a good time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and Verizon wireless freaking mother scratching line here's a mobile and highly hello hi Neil yes sir okay the lady they're calling a pop up from up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t line out of town eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five we're not going to be discussing hospices on the show today we got the information from two very nice colors thank you very much and on we go got it you got it low oh play that back again here's a mobile and four louderdale hello hey Neil yes sir I wanted to turn a negative into a positive with the stock market yeah what you do is you saw all your stocks to take a nice capital game nice loss on it and uh for your tax purposes and then just try to run and buy right back in very similar stocks they uh just swap one computer company for another so if you're in compact go on and buy it out if you're uh IBM buy something else and and then you could take a look while I'm right I know why do I need a loss like that why should I do that well because your account told you could always even carry it over to next year probably if you need to yeah and how do I know I'm going to make money next year well what if we have a recession in the last three four years five years uh like that that's going to have a how do you know that well you look as a history and the trends you always have one or two bad down years with the market every 10 years or so and this is the one bad year that we had things will turn around in the second quarter of the seat of next year well I mean I'm not going to I'm not going to do something based on the fact that you think that they will I'm not going to take all my life savings that I've worked for 5,000 years and then just you know take a human race loss because you're very confident that everything's going to be hunky dory that's what I'm going to tell you in a part what you you wouldn't be taking the loss you just turn around you buy these very same companies just uh like different electronic companies different computer you're missing the point it's not like I'm not going to have the same income next year and the year after that I'm going to continue having the same income so I have enough that I can invest in those years and I can buy all of those companies you're talking about at those deflated prices yeah so you get the best of both growth because you could be still right back in the market you're not giving anything up you're just talking in some losses right now and you're still in similar companies maybe you're not in del maybe you're now in contact whatever it is but that's the way that you can turn a negative into a positive not no chance in the market no chance all right hey I'm going to say but if you are I'm getting my F. K. too I'm trying to do I'm just exactly what I'm doing right now you're selling walking and walking you're taking the loss I'm walking in losses and I'm reinvesting immediately and immediately yeah well the thing is you're not a lot of how to say in company for a period of 60 days but you can buy a company just like it you could swap one high tech for another how do you know that more dumbad is how about the next that goes to 1500 what are you going to do then well then you're not really losing anything because you're you're invested in 50 does do nothing in just sitting on a file and wait for everything to turn around you're no better you're no more soft than you normally would have been if you just did nothing uh-huh taking by doing what I'm telling you to do you can only make you can only be better off than work off if you have no intention of ever getting out of the market good luck you sure okay way think of that George that's the truth no I'm not asking the truth or that guy six to zero five sixty pound you see this is like I told you like one of the race track and you can find a thousand touts and you just go down on the track side level right down there where it's really earthy and gritty we're all the uh-day generates are kicking over the tickets looking to the whole thing somebody dropped the winning ticket and everybody's a town everybody's got a tip everybody's got something hot going I got the winner in this race telling who you think it is and I'll let you know if you're right that kind of crap no difference it's exactly the same only this is intellectualized or pseudo-intellectualized 1257 at five sixty wqn four trillion five sixty wqa m by having a four-lutter day a measly broadcast group station wqa m dot com with a world oh bro it's the one to two hour okay 1259 at five sixty it's a big one to two hour going to take six thousand calls this hour you watch I'm serious we're going to take a billion calls this hour lots going to get some great economic advice this hour like that last guy says I should take the losses and they'll have them for you know for a rainy day when I need him you first pal you jump first and you know you'll be when you hit the ground and see if you're still alive 237 votes do you think we're going to have a recession yes it's coming in a recession 231 while at the end of 58 no the economy will be fine stupid or we're fine 48 20% of the people in Saudi and say everything's okay it's rosy and probably of those 20% 99% of those people don't have a you know plenty of stock anyway here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey hey I did a great that guy before you was beat dumb as person I've ever heard where you go to business call he was great you love this now yeah you're just the same as you were I'm driving in my car driving off 95 and then he was really investing in other companies immediately I mean he's a man in the entire life yeah it's just amazing I mean people with jumping off a building very soon you gotta watch out for you know falling people exactly it's it's very fighting every time green set opens is now that they're huge dumb anyway have a wonderful hour day okay in you too five six seven I'm done with a call up and let's do what I need a call and I haven't said everything take those losses and then I'll have them you know just in case I need him here's Miami hello I'm from here I know it's great what the uh color doesn't know that I'm looking at the stock market now most of the computer companies are taking giant bloody oozing dumps that is now well 16 bucks man yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean please okay there's a note whatever it is he don't know I'll commit from shineola hey uncle deal okay do you explain this me this guy that the car is going through a crapper yeah and this guy does not lower the rate he stands pat and then they say that maybe a low room when yeah he can he loves to do it open in January yeah during the inauguration that's out kind of fishy to me not doing the inauguration the next fed meeting is January 30th it's terrible it's not your inauguration right that's still south kind of fishy to me yeah I mean and then he lowers it the dial goes up everything goes up and then of course mr bush comes up saying well you see what I did it has nothing to do with mr bush here are you guys are so paranoid it's got nothing to do with mr bush mr bush doesn't want to come in and preside over the worst recession since when papa was in there right it's not to do with the fact that Alan Greenspan is an arrogant egotistical scene at world prick that's what it's got to do with a hard answer refuses to deal with reality he doesn't get it oh well he just wants to put the brick on everything and just for a party for everybody I say screwleman's what I say let's get a lynch mob okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line look at that nas back down 152 see I don't know what everybody's getting off the screen because by the end of the week the nas backs only gonna be about six well maybe I'm maybe I'm exaggerating by the end of the week it'll be about eight bucks I'm not talking about individual stock I mean a whole thing instead of this like 2300 it was just be eight and boy it like I said you a million times it's so easy to deal with those small numbers nothing complicated don't need no computer slide rule advocates here's a mobile and plot land hello are you doing the great good i think what the government actually was a protects purposes tax law i understand what you saying but that's ridiculous i mean that that's based on if come how do i know i'm gonna need that how i don't know i'm gonna make that money back this year next year i mean that that that's stupid i don't that's very disagree but i understand where you're going from uh huh hey no i i got a question for you actually why why is it seem like uh uh reverence shocking reverence action continually play the uh race card because because they're both uh that that's their business because they're both opportunists you know it's the both supporters of human misery and tragedy and that's the way they make their money it's really frustrating uh they're both just have they just collected only both happen to be reverence yeah yeah i i don't know where you're going to teach me because it seems to me that they wouldn't be promoting peace as opposed to hatred and no i i believe that's what they're actually doing divide and conquer man you know i mean i would imagine that some of my my relatives in the past uh you know let's say 125 years ago i knew i've had a bit of an issue with some African-American but i would have to say over the last 60 years or so i don't think that that new personally have had any issues with anyone of different color and it's very frustrating to me that have other people who are out color so yeah they're being held back by the white boy you know and and it's very frustrating to me because uh you know we go out of our way to try to make everybody uh peaceful not everyone not everyone does that but i do my part for this country i hope uh to make everybody uh lift together and i'm promoting that with my children as well and i just hate to see people like that on the TV promoting uh additional hatred well i like that so the media specializes in is being a platform for assholes like that so it's not a change well i'm gonna have the other i just wanted to bring that point up and change the subject the way from uh some of the tax life thank god have a great day pal thank god we have something uplifting like uh the fact we got those two assholes running around five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the eighteen and you mark my words that go to do this uh book outing the vote they're already doing at the newspaper organizations around the state and they're gonna come up with a different total it's gonna prove what we all knew anyway at least those of us who are honest that grow a witty one election and that the bushings people stole it and then and then what what's that kind of a accomplish and then we can have just unbelievable you much worse that we already had for months on in hatred and bitterness and psychosis and that's great that's terrific and what the way the economy is going right now you would think for us probably saying all your George baby better you than me and probably when i had that short meeting yesterday it's probably what he said good luck just sweetheart here's a slide rule it just keeps sliding out three hours to go to there i mean it's not even close to a market closing in 405 and it's just sliding and sliding and sliding and I think it's time to take my losses George like a man here's Fort Lauderdale yes sir hey the pick in the day is so micro systems yeah i got it support 25 and eight you watch this one it's really always starts up today that's the one it's 27 okay i'm telling you the support is 25 boy listen's out there bite it's down 10 days ago the Japanese believes from eight to 10 days down in roll the stock has to bounce it's going for a bounce okay thanks for the good news I got it Chris i bought it at 38 i'm trying but that's okay i'm not worried about some micro systems it's a great company just like i'm not worried about Cisco even though my church is Cisco's a great company i don't give her crap what it is right now 37 bucks even terrible i bought it at 47 and i am pissed off that and buy a cheaper you bet but that's okay and i wore it i'm going to lose money on it oh no when you buy great companies you can be concerned about it it shouldn't be panicking you know i'm saying George shouldn't be panicking son micro systems see this guy i'm under how much he's got probably got it with both hands up to a zero that's right call up your book right now by least a thousand shares here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey hey listen i don't i know you still some my son i'm in the business so to speak for 16 years uh and some of the information you're getting uh i don't know whether you've been i haven't been getting any information i've just been hearing the rambling of crazy people i haven't had any information up till last caller was given me a son at the end about a stock i already like got guy actually told you to sell everything go to cash and then buy other losers so you can lose more money right um obviously don't panic um let me get you take on the green standard maybe is more factual okay um the guy really doesn't know what he's doing he isn't old commudgeon and he's following what cost the lift curve which is like 50 year old economics with unemployment the bottom line is even if you were to raise rates in january this economy is going to have i'm going to admit if you were to raise rates in january i'm sure if you're a low rates i'm alive and i'm sorry you know if you're a low rates it's too late and um the economy is going to have negative growth probably in the fourth quarter or a first quarter um so for the next six months it's basically dead money but um but you all get companies but i will tell you if you all the Yahoo's or the Amazon I don't I don't have one dime of not only of those companies but of any mutual funds that have those companies not good i mean i mean the stock show is good like i'm getting killed too but i will tell you a list is if you all these Yahoo's these eBay to that crap they're not going to come back but um other than that really don't look at the paper don't worry about what's going on you'll be fine and what about titrician dish TV now he's laughing sick well i'll tell you what i know a lot of people that own these uh dishes and these DSL things and that was other public myses uh that's they're never going to make money they don't know how to but uh the bond fortunately uh grease stand uh all this crap about bush steps and that's nothing uh grease stand is not an election of course you're talking with anybody he's too weak and testable and uh you should have a low rates break didn't and now we're going to pay the place for it i have a recession if i can draw on analogy it seems to me the allen green span is like the pope of the uh financial world he's a seen out old man only he's a better dresser but not by much uh well i think if you were the half he'd he'd look better yeah a little schmata might help hey happy haunt a couple same to you but i could look see there you guys feel better now there's a rational guy here of course he's in a business so he's maybe blowing a little bit of smoke but i think he knows what he's talking about right what i tell you about that dish TV it's only a couple hundred cheers but i didn't want in the first place maybe Mitch will like to buy me out i'll sold to him at 40 i'll be nice guy yeah it's 25 right now he should have his money back in no time what are you saying Mitch a mensch would do it he's not a mench he's a little twerp ask where my hilltain or s-gees nine minutes after one at five sixty double hey so cute whoa my I'm Darrell Hall. You know, even though my hair looks really good and I got a great body and all the women really love me, I got a problem. Hi, cholesterol. So that's why I did new Hall of Note Brand Serial. Every taste is a little flake shape, just like my partner John set their bigger and they don't hold back my career. Anyway, before you've lost that living feeling, rock and roll with a healthy bowl of Hall of Note Brand. Hey, it's the only thing I like better than me. Oh, John, I'll go and the milk and chew it up. John, it's the roll I don't be afraid either. All the note-brain cereal from the makers of Thumbs and Raisins. Oh, I know how to call. Be afraid either. Once we're doing the 5, 6, UW-Crum, I want the worst shows in the history of this program. I'm going to tell you this has been, uh, where did my memoirs? That's how bad this has been and your two calls in and board right now as I speak. It gives out a school in Dave County. That's where you're finally figured that out. We're a little slow on it. I should have known because I came through the schools on this morning and then lights were not flashing. No school today in Dave County. So automatically, that's, you know, what way behind the eight ball on that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos line. Plus we got Khanica coming tomorrow night. So you put those two ingredients together and you got the recipe which means starting tomorrow. We're playing like bits and stuff through the end of the year. Kimmel's in bits. Here's the sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. There was that guy in cool little while ago for real or what? The guy who said, oh, maybe 125 years ago while some of the ancestors had trouble with the colored people, but not in the last 60 years. What plan did I get? What did he talk about? He likes everybody. He talks about peace. He's like, when they wait in Stabby and then they say, come on, you got mad. Come on, let's take peace. Yeah. But who did you guys think that we got to get in the rest 60 years? There was no problem racializing this country. What does that mean? Why does that mean? Why does this point? Why is this productive? Well, yeah, it's called with counterproductive. So why are you wasting your time talking about it? I'm on the face of it with absurd. You right now. I just feel like point that out. You're better. Okay. Okay. Take two and call us to tomorrow. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. See, there's something that I never ever changed. It's just like I told you yesterday. I'll say it again. I hope I'm wrong. But this community of date County, especially, but South Florida, this is always going to be a battle zone. Always will be. The politicians will make sure the special interest people will make sure it's just always will be. And the people who are here don't give a crap about making a different anyway, because they're each other to such if you're re that they drive on it. They're fell from it. Here's a mobile invoiten B. Can you hear me? I'm crappy. Here you find. I just got back with Vegas. I called you for a day. I'm believe I was back to the Bologna Foundation. I was found in show. Yeah, one last thing. What was the first thing? I wasn't any more. I was. Everything you said. It's just as incredible. It's so much to do. I'm got to bed. You can walk down a one-day. And I have our clothes with shoes. Don't worry about that. Because it will never happen. I'm breathing out. I'm not happy. You can't have a bed time there. That was it. Okay. You had a good time in Vegas. Mitch, Yeah, me too. Probably just a coincidence. 560, 50560. Power got to the big panther. Penguin gave it to everybody fired up for that. Oh, huh? Oh, my God. If you looked up deadhead in the dictionary, you'd just see a map of the state of full-adjoint penisula. And it would be. Here's Pompano. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You're talking about you wanted to raise a level of the show. You mean talk about the issues. You know, I talk about the issues. And you're talking about stupid things like a part. And now that's why you have a dead audience. Yeah. And I'm not sure. Why do you listen to them? Because it doesn't have to go. 560, 50560. Thanks a lot. That was a Kevin Baxter from the hero. Raise the level of the discussion. Here's the guy's tummy how to do the show. But he's listening to say, nothing else to do. See, you just, the last part of what you said. You put your thumb on it. There's nothing else to do. Because this is the end of the world. Here's Boker. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Hi there. Hi. He's going to play out with all of your show. Great show. I just came from the hero class week. And I've, there's nothing like you up there. There's nothing like these colors up there either. Listen, I wanted to, I wanted to see the penguins kick tonight. And, uh, suddenly they probably will. Yeah. It's probably pissed off about losing the panties up there last week. Listen, what I'm really calling about is, last day you made a comment about programs on radio, how they stuck. I just wanted to say, you mentioned, you did mention Dr. Boorah. And I know the sounds, I don't know. I really, really respect that show. I think that is one of the few qualities. We respect that show based on what. Based on, based on the fact that she's a white wing fanatical born again, uh, worth of our stew. Well, who's so spews hate. And then that her, she said to genus that her TV show has been canceled. Actually, what I like about her is that she tried to set people straight in a, in a more, who just did a couple of things. Was that just to play on words? Excuse me. Great. Okay. I'm sorry to pick up on that. I'm sorry to that. That nothing personal. No, but what I'm saying is. I don't have to take it for a slum, and she's a bigoted bitch. She hates men, and she, uh, her whole object is just to put down men and put them in her place, and to show everybody what a wonderful person she is and how much better she is since he married an Orthodox Jew. I'm not a way to choose Orthodox. Well, she is. She's a fanatical Orthodox Jew, not just Orthodox. She didn't more Orthodox than Julie Lieberman. Really? Yes. Okay. Now, um, let's put this way. There are a lot of people running around out there that don't have any direction at all. I think she does give some sort of direction to people. Sir, sir, let me say this to you. If anybody thinks that they're going to get direction for their lives from a radio show, those people need to be put in an institution somewhere. Yeah, but we have to avoid that. That people are with the people. Avoid saying what? What is it that she says that you find so compelling? It's what is that? There's not one specific thing. Well, they're just generally speaking. What is the message that she conveys that you find so compelling? That we have to put us outside for other people, for our children, for our comfort, for the betterment of... For children, Hater. Yeah. For children, Hater like Poison. How do you know that? Because they talk about it exactly. What she has is a ghost. I'm a first marriage. A first marriage. Yeah. Hater like Poison. Okay. Well, I don't know anything about her personal wife. That's that. And then if you don't think about her personal wife, what do you have to give me a song to answer about her? I don't know anything about you personal wife. I mean, you're first of all, and I respect you over the radio. I think a lot of you have used our correct answer. What do you mean you respect me over the radio? This is a radio show. You don't know me. How can you say you respect me? It's a radio show. So what? But who's on the radio show you? I'm looking to hear views. I respect them. No, no. No, no. I don't respect my views is one thing. But you don't respect me because you don't know me. What do you mean you know that too? That's a sexual assault. Doctor Laura's show is she is a spreader of rural and hate. That's Dr. Laura. She's a homophobic, right wing bitch. Anything else, sir? Have a great day. I'm back to you. Why? I'd see you. Get her off this air. Get that bitch off. I sure am now. Unless you're, unless you're stuck, when I'm so lucky to hear radio retire, keep that bitch off this show. Hi. Hi, I'm Dr. Laura's lesson here. And I'm here to tell you a little bit about Douching. Because it takes a real sour push bitch like me. To tell you how to do it right beside you. Don't have to do it anyway. You probably just still bit. But what I do is I spread my legs like this. Kind of upside down and squish in. Hondes, rosalemins. Nothing works better than Hondes, rosalemins. Give it a little squish. Alright, squished a fish. 560560, pon 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. He fit in like a glove today. Welcome to our town, sir, from New York. Not that we don't have enough New Yorkers. They're already. Welcome to our town. And we're delighted that you entire life is so meaningless and so vacuous that you will allow a heapful right wing up, not just super goody to choose born again orthodox. You like that bitch on a radio to dictate how people should live. I know why I kind of wonder how I should deal with the situation. I turn on a radio. I turn on Judge Judy. And see how a Judge Judy handle this. I call Cleo. Oh. I call is this, she did you make in one? Yeah. I can tell her, she made my favorite. She knows it all about. And she has the goodchement too. Here's Portland, hello. New Rogers, you big co-cow are you sure? Okay. Hey, I just haven't been in Miami for about a month. Welcome, congratulations to you then. Thank you. I just want to call say a little of my Cuban Nationalist friends like Al Goldstein and Ron Jeremy. Hi, guys. How are you doing? Uh-huh. Hey. I wanted to call to put a lot of your risks to bed. When the live live show does go national next month, she's going to be on 12 to 4 Pacific. So it's not going to, it's not going to come to you. Oh, yeah. This is, you know, something I wondered why he was talking to a Titanic with Ron Jeremy and Al Goldstein. It lives wild's boyfriend calling the plug her show. And we're so concerned about this while being on opposite this show. Oh, my god, how could we ever deal with that? For a nationwide show. Well, you know, here we got the numbers. We were just talking about the early of this point. She had no numbers. Fractions. Points. So what's the point? We've been on against Howard since then. He came on in this market the first hour doing just fine. Thank you. On against fat ass limba, doing just great kicking his ass ever since they put him back on the year in his market years ago, every book, every trend. And we're worried about Liz Ryle with her fractions. You know, it's pathetic. But you'll be sure and try and use the show again to promote some no talent piece of crap. OK, sir. And have a wonderful life. Because you sure pulled the wall over our eye. 560, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T. And in fact, I'm delighted because maybe then Al can find a new home and he can go back on that show. Because he sure ain't going to be on this one. You can have a segment called all about Al. Here's Davey. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. That doctor. I have told bitch. Yeah, we know that. Do you think of Bush, here's what there's Washington, boy? Who? Bush. She gives it in the one. She gives it in his bush. 560, 5050, pound 560. One of your people. He wants to know about Bob Lasser. He said, didn't he have a really big? But that's not the five. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Is there something you're violating as it gets to you? I'll have to be flip the last night and say, Are we radio? So close. Well, show host. I'm already paying. I mean, I mean, I'm a one. What does that mean? What does that mean? Does he have something against me? What are you talking about? I know. Why are you? I want to go on his shows. They've called me. I review. I don't go on that crap. I'm not going to participate in his success. That's why. What is it going to do for me? What do I need that for? Well, at least at least at least you got to bring. Yeah. And have a brain enough to stay off that show. That's right. I'll participate in success. If I participate in the success, believe me, it's not on the ear and it's something I'm enjoying doing. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. You know what this sounds like? This is kind of like some of the, I mean, scattered, obviously, among the rest of this Refrigerap today. But some of the people that Kevin Baxter was writing about yesterday. Some of these, uh, sandy, patented people. Yeah. Why can't you be on there when I cry that Neil Bortskytts on there every five minutes? Because I don't want to be. I don't need it. I don't want it. See, I rather feed my appetite than my ego. There's some people with gigantic big fat, egos. Neil Bortskytts. There's a real good nose picker from Atlanta, WSB, or whatever he's on now. Ring. I don't know what he's on. Tragic. Have you ever heard WSB in Atlanta a cox station? Uh, no. Oh, my God. I stay off the AM band. Oh, I come to the hills. Boy, tall, religious kinds. Sound like they just all drifted in from entry. Wasn't David Paul on that station. Oh, we're flying. I mean, unbelievable. A's right next to Dan Stewart. Wow. I bet you's your long comfortable about that. Twenty-seven past one at five, sixty-seven to your QAAM. But Neil Roger shows, sports radio, five, sixty. You a- And at a dick in the White House? I love the soprano's, each week on HBO. By my TV I'll be staying. Set up by our communes. Tony's months of loot. Now we know who wants betraying. He goes to the therapies, take pro-sectaly. He wants to be with Thak. The no-be. One thing I know, one, just love the soprano. Who will make it win? All six team, am is cause. Tony's a-feet-tuck. Ha-ha-ha-ha. The duck keeps it sweet. The duck keeps it sweet. May be in the end of the whole land. And Lord, there's no limit. Him and Carmel are living in the new Chessby. They are family. Go to the better thinger. They can go stand sin, yeah. Well, the time. Big, fun, fun of pain. But a thinger. They avoid the cops, they don't stop. We will see. We will see. We will see. Big, fun of pain. Hey, crazy. I'm not nobody. Nobody, nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody, Mr. Snow. If we open some Reynolds, oh yeah! I can't hear anything from the sun. By the time I get through the next couple of minutes, she is going to have to pick every scab off that cute rid puss filled body of hers, all right? Nobody breath, you better. So I'm going crazy on this, yes, because this has got to stop. You make me sick that you bitch! God! How is it possible to be so stupid, Pat? Nobody breathed, you, and I'm so good out of the room. You idiot, you asshole, you? Baby, you poor man. Well, sing this, you fat slob. But it's tick this cord, and I'm going to shove it right up his ass, okay? And I'm going to shove this thing so far up his butt, that he's going to be singing a different tune I get through with him. But we have a longer cord than this piece of crap, look at this. Look how short this damn thing is. You've got a hundred assholes running around this building. They can find another one beside him, although giving up that big. Oh, get it out of there, go pull a cord somewhere, go do something. Who what in your case a good question, okay? God. Nobody breathed. Don't start looking, once again, a go, it's a plain fat old meal for whatever you're upset about. And the disgusting nauseating old slots. Old family old bitch. Neal, if you don't retake, you go spit hell, what is your fucking shit? Yeah, I'm going to split it wide open. You're gonna split it wide open, you're gonna split it. Go with a mallet, you're gonna split it open, you bitch. There we go, now we're cooking. Baby, baby, you're so cool. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What did I just get through talking about this old bag? We don't watch you play, okay? Go get some kidding, you're a good person, a good person, a good person. Go get some, uh, some, some. Lade, 134, 560 W to chew them. That was by request from a CR. God an interesting point in this fact. He says, I wonder if it's any coincidence it was about this time last year. You went to the no phone calls format. Remember that? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Could there be something about the combination of the holiday season, quote, whether in the semi important pond or news story that turned this audience released the calling audience into a bigger bunch of videos, uh, well past their normal potential. Next week, when every little stop, most kids out of school, it's only going to get worse to CR. And thanks for some, teacher, like. Well, it's not a good time to take a week off, I think. Yeah, and Georgia's taking next week off. I'm not going to do that because I would be bad. Well, I don't care. I'm just playing stuff. I was going to do that today. And as I look back now, I wouldn't have been a much better idea to play a bunch of great stuff. I did, uh, you know, I'm digging back in the library there. And the ACN played a lot of old stuff. We haven't heard it in a long time. Like, uh, not in the home. What's that? What's that other one? Not in the honey? I reckon, but it's not in here, is it? I don't think so. Oh, like I said. But anyway, I'll find that just billions of things that we haven't heard in a long time. And I have a few last, as opposed to, you know, this pond is crap. See, because one of the great things about when the kids get out of school, like a kids and day-to-day, this show is like a play toy. Because somebody stole their dredal and somebody stole their, uh, dildo. So this show becomes their play toy. So they sit out there between 10 and 2 and they play with it and the show 2. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, compound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Oh, am I a scared list? Wow, it was coming back on the radio. Woo! Man, my balls are trembling. Woo! Stand to you, buddy. God. It's like that bitch from Texas that time. Oh, Nia, are you scared? Why should it's coming in the market? Are you scared? How many years ago was that? About 100 years ago? He still can't find an audience under the age of 100. Oh, yeah, we had those, those big 12 plus numbers there during the election time. And we saw those boys all 55 plus, all older than the food's, all actually 65 plus. People that make me look young, which is same a lot. Here's a model in Miami, hello. Hey, Nia, how you doing? Great. Um, I heard that guy call up about Dr. Laura. I got to tell you a couple of things. First of all, she's not really in chew. She converted into a man. Oh, my gosh, right. She married an Orthodox fanatical Jew and then she became a crazy bitch. Exactly. Back in the fall, she obviously doesn't practice what she'd preach is because not too long ago she was dating some guy who took naked pictures of her. Oh, I know they're all in the internet. We've all been all over the internet for a private sake. When your stomach is strong enough, you can find them. Sure. If your teeth are dirty enough and you need a toothpick, yeah. There you go. That'll do it. Woman weighs like 60 pounds. Got it, Alfred. Anyway, I'll take she's a Sony ugly, Nazi born again bitch. Yeah. I had to say that. Thank you, Neil. You're happy holidays. Likewise. Thank you. I said her 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Yes, even with the what-out of us, Fags, that TV show her is there was such a bomb in the first place. I mean, that was what it lasted about five minutes and a long time. Even that thing on Wami, that abortion we have lasted longer than that for the schmothes on. And that was, Chris, they put a lot of effort on that thing. So why we should miss those old days, don't we? No. No. Do you have no idea how many people still will come up to me and say, oh, whatever happened that show that you, that was the best thing we used to laugh our ass off that thing was, yeah, seriously. We couldn't find an audience who had the search party on a TV station that now was like, well, I'll speak it in ways pretty soon. Nice going very dillard. You silly girl. Here's a mobile and cover ridge, hello. Mobile and color ridge. Going once. Going twice. Here's Patole. Here's Pompano. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm afraid. 560, 50560, Pomp560 on the AT&T line. Here's my annual. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to do something else. Pepper pine, hello. Say anything, all you doing, bro. Okay. I just want to laugh on Neil. Can you play that song on my fat and Bernie? What is it? My fat and Bernie, he said, eight days of honor, or something. Eight days of honor, I'm afraid aunt Bernie. So ladies and gentlemen, we're on song very good. Even though it was the one on the song. That's a good fall. Do you got it, man? Do you want to watch? Because it's long. It'll kill some very, very good time. Thank you so much. 2242 at 560 WDQ, I'm Hank will be here to rescue the operation at 2 this afternoon. We got Yelde Yom Gain Knight from the Card Rock Cafe right across from the song where I 6-127. We got the big game show 7 o'clock, 730, Panthers and the Penguins. Mike Lang is in town. Robert Lang is in town, Marty Strochka, Yami Yager, almost go in there all here. Grots, no. Grots, works. Armist books, they're all here for tonight for the big game. Gonna be there tonight. No, I'll be there. And that guy that's stock guy stay away from me. Don't come by my seat again, and I have the guy damn security coming beat your ass, even that old man will come and beat you up. Just stay down the way with all your goddamn hype with your bull crap and have a nice holiday, too. 21-42 at 560 QM. I'm the first day of Hanada. My prayer is day to me. I'll picture on the set and it for me. On the set and it's day of Hanada. My prayer is day to me. I'll picture on the set and it for me. On the first day of Hanada. My prayer is day to me. I'll be sure to take it straight off and I'll picture on the set and it for me. Oh, why? Why do you look at it? What's this real thing on the head? That's your state. On the fourth day of Hanada. That's cool. My prayer is day to me. Well, the kosher can't eat. Three of these shirts. They can't trade off. Things are brittle phones. No. They don't trade off. When they did out of clay and when they wanted lodging, I'll throw the thing away. No, but that knife. Bite me. Please. On the fifth day of Hanada. My prayer is day to me. Well, one day of good, one day. Oh, what can you get one? Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. And not what can be. Not what can be. Not what can't be. Not what can't be. Or a picture of my bed and for me. Oh, Mary. On the sixth day of Hanada. My prayer is day to me. And by one of which. No. You're so strong every year. In front of my face. On the seventh day of Hanada. Not bad. My prayer is day to me. My prayer is made me through. So that's what you see, why? Oh, good. Good. My world will reach my life. I want a picture of you. I want a picture of you. I want a picture of you. I want a picture of you. Oh, this is a must. On the eighth day of Hanada. My prayer is day to me. Nothing that I want. It's been a crazy latch. I'm over rich. Where it, my Christmas show. Cloudy closer candy. For me, she has a shirt too. I'm taking it straight up. And I'll picture of my bed and for me. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm stuck. Hey. On forty five and five sixty WCUM. Dahl is done about 200 points. Just a little tiny here. A clearly little there less than 200. I'm wondering the next day at one sixty four. But it's going to get a lot better. Yeah. Yes. It is. You watched. That's seen our old man up there. They'll give him a kick in the ass. Reviews baggle tip over. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. I don't. Pretty good. And I have a friend in Rick. Did he has like a small package. And for for Christmas, we're thinking of any little Kind of from London. Pump's real things work. Yeah. Great. Five six seven. Five six to five. There's a mobile in four modern day. Hello. Oh, the. Okay. I'll tell you your calls today. This was. This was the all time. Just when you think you reached the very bottom. I love your show. We said. I'm driving around. First of all, our green span is pointed by the president. Confirm by the Senate. Just get to everyone said. This is the third. The third administration. Nobody can do anything with him. He's a little bit more confident for. And during the course of the campaign, you notice. The W one out of his way, not too criticizing. And I think that his real theory is that even though you benefit All benefit that W's. Well, you know, the one percent. The tax cut that will affect the wealthiest one percent. It's not going to help the country. Now, if he came up with a better tax cut plan, that would have a lot more people. And then it would now but. But, you know, I just. For a lot of, look, first of all, you've got stalemate in Congress. I mean, the Republicans have a five-seat edging the house. The Senate is 50, 50 right down the middle. So, so what kind of a radical tax cut package is, you go get passed and does it anyway. And he hasn't even taken office. He's not going to have him for another month yet. So, what kind of decisions are these to be made on if come stuff way down the road? Month down the road. Yeah, they're chaotic. I think what I'll do in January 30 is he will, you know, lower the interest rates, but 30 if. No, it's going to have to have to have an interim interim cut. And then you let the right to call them a meeting at the board at any time. Because he's taken such heat now and this market isn't such a fee for all of this. I'm going to level. He's got a he's got a slam on a break before we have a total depression. I had a request. Yep. I have. So, shameless request. Yes sir. I'd like to hear a Regent Sermon and pop daddy. Okay. Okay. Thank you. We know where that is over. It's not in here. I don't think so. I know it's all my leaves, but while we'll see, I'll try to work real fast. I have my doubts. If not tomorrow for sure. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. All right. You're fine. I'm the audience. Yes. Why? Well, go ahead. I don't have that. Get in with it. What is that? So, I guess the phone call is too. Yeah. In. What is that? And he's turned it ready. What do you want? I'm just going to keep talking. See, I want to see how long you could keep hearing the sound of his voice. How long you would squeeze it. Maybe we'd hear a little scored score. It sounded effect. 56050505060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I understand there's a lot of pressure on there to have something to say about anything in the world. I realize that that's one of the problems with this program is the on spoon feed the audience. We don't screen your calls. What would you like to talk about? Would you like to talk about what the Yankees win the pinnain? What would you like to say? Oh no, we're talking about. Runnin' by me first and then we'll let you know if that's okay with us. We're talking about enemies today. Oh, good. In fact, this show could have used one, but it's too late now. Right at the beginning. It's a big one. I'm never going to find that that we just popped that anything. Who wants to... No, no, I know what it is. I know exactly what it's called, but I ain't going to find it today. So I'll play for the guy tomorrow. Because tomorrow I'm going to do the show that I should have done. That was going to do and should have done today. Believe me when I tell you. And if I would have realized that the kids were out of school when they'd tell you they... What I've done it today, you bet you're sure that that is correct. I would have done it today. But tomorrow be another day. Here's homestead, hello. Homestead. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Comfortable, baby, Brit. You know what? I've got the guts just to request something for a beautiful young English girl that's... ...a name with me leaving the day before the back street boys concert. Yes, sir. Doesn't believe about that parody because whenever that song comes on, I know the words do it, but she goes, you're kidding me. Huh? Would you play that? Where's on gay? Okay, sir. You take me back. Maybe double you just something. All those pretty Brit's are all just a, you know. These days, my face seems busy. Yes. Like the days, but these must have you. These days, when I get it you won't be happy. Like friends, they'd be the one to your end. We got men. We're twins in my day. We look like kids, kids, and they're men. We sing like a bunch of silly writers. I wish they'd follow up, they'd just say, You swear, they'd not hate. I'll be the spends of well-hear-old girls The secret F-Q-F-N-D-E-N-E-N I think it's all that they all think it out. We're hiding our latent sea. My day is for sure we get met at your home. We're so close, but we're so delicate, I go. We want to do a session in your high-girls, but today we think that we can better stay. We need to stay in the high day. I swear, we might get... The Neil Roger show, the sports radio, I'm 60. You, A-F-N. Goodbye, Brian Murray. You killed the team, and you wouldn't smell good hockey If it's that you who are the ass for a coach you are stupid, though. You're scouring must be nuts. You keep you on it. You put it's manager check for never mind the team. That at one time had all the right stuff. And it's only today for us to celebrate when you're the one they train. And when you leave don't forget to smoke your hockey queen. You taught that you would do better than stop the clay. But when the thing doesn't end anymore, there's no one left to lay in your room. Goodbye, Brian Murray. You carried that good stuff. You don't know shit about running all my hockey teams, and you're not interested in hearing why. What's on matter how you try? You can't deny that.