He'll Roger show on 560 QAF to talk to me. All 567, all 567, all bring in me the grower. All 567, I hear so all the opinions of the oldest guest in the college. You've not necessarily represented those of the recently drug expert. It's bad. advertising so agencies, that all. Here's the Roger on 560, QAF. If 580, you've got a spoon. A thousand euro? Eight thousand thousand один. Do you plan in even go? Did you work? Is it deserves to figure divisions at some point. Did it hear Mister L Brightee? She's either there. She's a little lateriem stone Ace, she's artwoman she 750 Ita name is bow. She's a bitfar martial arts she's playing for a little bit in high School, I put the, I, I, I, I, I, did you work? First move on. Okay. Vice President Gore, would you support our sign as President of federal law banning racial profile and by police on the other authorities at all levels of government? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Governor, also literally, when the Ann Secretary changed that they were sympathetic and rethinking their views on same sex relationships, put your position. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Thank you both for those in the office, Governor. So you're next, please come out from the Winston side of Montris where I thank you in the city. Next, next, I'd like to say, get your phone back. Take a photo of some on it. On the next, the next. Can I also get five sixty WQM happy Friday too? And thanks to my good post-person for Antonio. Oh yeah, that's right. I gotta say that when we're defined with the something good. I mean, he, you know, got me lose all that money on zero. I was, but, and he also hopefully, I put the mature, speaking losing money, big time. But he got me in touch with the Tony, uh, uh, J. Calsky said, you count whatever the guy's name is. I can't pronounce it. If you would make an icing up there in, uh, well, but that is course brings. I don't know if I like course brings or dislike course brings. Did you ever spend any time in course brings? I mean, would you drive into course brings an impression of the fact that you actually are some young people there, which is always a good sign. course nothing is our gang members or writers, but they I mean, you know, nothing is perfect, but it's just far, it's just distant. You know, far people who move to Bolka, like he, it's like the plastic, plastic, plastic and spastic. and the church was there so I know I could not much. But anyway, Tony is a one-year-old mega-icer now coming to glasses. These real ultra-wide effects you didn't see a head glasses on or so right. There's so tiny. They're really excited away. The rimmers, the rimless. Yeah. The rimmers are almost, they had these titanium muffins. The lightsaber hairpin was about two and a half ounces maybe. Lighters of feathers. See, it's clear as a bell I can see from here to my wash more. Nice car Tony, you're the best baby. If you said don't say anything on here unless it's good. That's what you said. You said, have any problem called me, don't put it on me here. It's a blame winner. I said, that sounds good. This is a shocking statistic that you surprised nobody. I also should surprise George Peabosh. Oh, the nephew? No, not on nephew here, but the Bush nephew. He abs kid. He wanted you to look really good for the baroqueo. Who is on their here and not perfect in the barbecue? Contribution? What was your what you said? How did you pronounce it? I guess that was a contribution. What was it for? What I think? No. What about anyway? He must pronounce it. That runs in the family. Of the young people we're going to have a record breaking turn out by the young people. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Well then rather reported last night at my Danny Boy speaks, we believe it. At least I do anyway. Dan Redden would never tell why. I'm also about to suck right. But anyway, CBS and MTV've looked up for a poll. Everybody in your brother was taken a poll, some people are hopping on it and this should really, um, this should give you pause as they say. 18 to 24 euros were the groups that they pulled. 75 percent of 18 to 24 years could name both candidates for president. Oh, oh. 30 percent could name both vice president and so can today. Can I put that race to simply? Yeah. Yeah. Put it another way 25 percent or a quarter of 18 to 24 euros in America and US of it couldn't name both candidates running for president. I realized their tough names like one of the vice president for eight years and the other one was. I mean, what do you think that most 18 to 24 euros are thinking about bush like a lot of time? Huh? You were pixel. Tough name, bush, and grower vice president, 25 percent couldn't the name both and 70 percent, 70 percent couldn't name the vice president or candidates both of them. I mean, some might have known Jews, people and some might have known might have known change, but I doubt it. How you're like that? Is that the stupidity, buddy? Oh, I didn't think so. The serves the crap out of me because it shows you how many morons we got. It shows you what a great job we're doing of educated and like I told you several days ago neither go nor bush gives a flying crap about educating anybody. And it's all great campaign rhetoric, but nobody wants because it wants the educate the public, especially the minorities, then you become dangerous. It's much better to have a bunch of morons out there. Just take a look at what's happening now. And speaking of dangerous, according to the way to CNN tracking for you today, all your bush people stop getting all panic. He's 10 points over ahead. He believes he and then do we believe it? Oh, no. I mean, their polling is the spastic is that the day is wrong as the expressions on body shots face. Just out of nowhere, all of a sudden after that, turn the bait, he's 10 points up. Because maybe they don't like him. And then I got these taxes. It's amazing to me. You know, you bush people, look, what have said before, if you're going to be like him, if you want to go from five, I have been very strong, different opinions which I'm going to express. It's amazing how they're speaking. There's a hero that asked Limbo, we can go on there and spell his right wing history 24 hours a day. No problem. He's great. You know, the spokesman, what's that I said? I said, I said, I'll let other crappy stuff like that. About the Clinton's murdering Vince Foster and all the other 400 people they murdered, all this hysterical paranoia that he just makes up and he goes along. But if I had, or anybody has the advantage of it, to be on the air and the post to the right wing agenda, then all these hysterical facts are coming in here. Like Jerry over in Northport, Myers, who's waiting me this morning, escaping crap of a Molly, Ivan's in Palma, Palma, Palma. You know, stuff that, see, you can attack the messenger, all you want. But you can't attack the facts that are presenting, especially the Palma Gallabuk. Because it's our document, it's our footnotice. You know, the footnotice Jerry, oh, I may be looking up in the dictionary if you got one. Have some of you, Rude to it. Then there's another hysterical from another right wing paranoid named Don Cosby and Paul Lodder, who says, well, I'd be shocked if I ever hear these words on you. You know, something done, I would read you a long boring facts on you. But it's so periodally, you'd be able to embarrass you. About the conspiracy about Bill's deal with Hillary and the reason the two look together were the monocophings because he promised a chance of the seat in the Senate. And he says, you seem to have a hard time understanding how anyone could not admire your hero book Clinton. Now I don't have a hard time because you know, people are different to the opinions. I have to like him. And we took the permeability just to see and he won't hand sound overwhelmingly. He had more votes than Bush and Grapes together before the conspiratorialist got on there and started rolling up the pearl. And I'm going to tell you right now and I hope I'm wrong, Don. So I think that after the next four years people are going to look back and see, you know, something we wish, but they would come back again. Let's give another shot. You're in clear. But of course, in reading with hysterical, I know about the hate. He hates this one and he hates that one and hell or 80 hate score. So I'm so great. Go on for Bush War 5 times. We might get to go get some Bush. And I did you do hear some of it on here. How do you like that? Time. Now I'm going to try to get to the 10 to 5 60 WQM. They also affects from one more of a her name or some of Jewish lady who's a wishful thinking about the Jewish leader and his great influence on the Cubans down here in San Francisco. Oh, man. Hopefully that may I wish you didn't see the poor and the hardest. No question of the story, but there's no specific for that. Express to the Internet, Japanese soil and do some great tasks with them, cooperate with it. Will you flood back? Now, some Washington, the Maglucko in the room, featuring Elan or Quilp, Jack Jemont, and sitting in for Tapu Cannon, New York Giant Cheeky Barber. Now, here's John Maglucko. Is you on, George W. Rings of W. Elan or Quilp? Well, John, I want to say. W. Jack Jemont. Well, that's not an easy choice. W. Kingy Barber. I'm going to have to say the W. W. Angela, answer. War exercise. That wasn't you in a choice. Next issue. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring him the noise, bring him the funk or cast. Elan, I think you're just well-known. Wow, John, I'm happy to have you. W. Oh, Jack Jemont. That's a very difficult choice. W. Oh, and Quilp Barber. I'm going to have to say, right. Not a choice, reaching Quilp Barber. You gave it as a lesson. That wasn't a choice. W. Correctly found. Jack. He loves them. Next issue. The cast of big brothers should be murdered. How? Oh, no. What the? W. Oh, and Quilp Barber. I'm going to say, wrong. Kiki Barber. I don't think there should be. Excellent. Quilp and Quilp. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. 10 to 15 at 5. 60 W. W. Here's another Incipit facts from Sean in the Pomp and Obuets. Obviously got some serious problems. He's going to ask him the question about that ridiculous Holy Comacos song couple of days ago. Here's today's facts from Sean Robert L. He's going to be sending you another any other facts. Every day it says, New York, you know what the secret to happiness is. Thanks Sean and Pomp and Obuets. Sean, the secret to happiness is coming in and not getting a facts from you. That makes my entire day just keep it in mind. Very simple. K. Are you interested to be happy Sean? You got it? Oh, good. F.I.U. Perse shows exos losing hope for Quilp. This is in the hardest moment. And evidently the woman Mark has said before Anne who said me that the best but Wishful thinking about you and women's going to get a lot of Cubans for God. Gore. Real and sweetheart. Here's the per break down. This is the F.I.U.U.U. The two by 2000 pro, measuring the attitudes of local Cuban refugees by US Cuba policy and the third one so on. And it's also that Adam really care about Scott Aliand stuff and all the other things. You think they're going to be major political changes in Cuba and Yardia. But the ones who you've performed with a longer presidential election, it's got the local Cuban community, local non-cubans and then national. And of course being the hero, well that's his national. I read the whole article, I'll try to understand what that means national. Everybody that they curve and they're, I don't know, we're just Cuban national. We don't know. Anyway who do you vote for in November? Presidential election? This is local Cuban people. They're 64, grow 15% on the side of 15% August 1 and don't know no response five. Think of. Or is that the 86? And then in local non-cubans, Wish 21, grow 49 on the side of 20% other 2% don't know no response eight. That's the 86. And then naturally and I have no idea where this program grow 36, bush 28 and on the side of 30. But the other thing we couldn't even say, who was pered nationally. So it's rather mean, it's as low stuff in the heralders. Now there will be a whole bunch of calls on there briefly for about two seconds. What were those people want? What that was on? What do we get the CD this year? What bits are on it? What kind of bits are on it? Let's go to specs. Okay. Go over to specs this weekend. That's where we're going. So I'm just looking back at the CD where the cassette and I had the names of all the bits that are on it. It's great. Clearly we're in get it. It's quite crap around. Spectall of us outflowed including of course, Nikos and four miles and they brought in Palm Beach. So I have my LG something must have something must have lifted my keychain. We're going to head sit in here. Here you go. And the keychain is available all if you want to use.com or from our vendingets. So they're going out today. I don't know. But if you're going to notify so. Or they're going to notify so. Or they're going to notify so. And by calling them if you were a Miguel or 305, 65 or 506. And I'll be talking about my signal here. He might do something good for it. 305, 65 or 056. I've been talking nice to him for everything. He came here as you'd anything nice for me. No, not yet. But I'm still having given up hope. But anyway, those people who think that the keyment community is going to be voting for gold because of Julie Romano. This one or that one. You are dreaming. You're in a lot of our land. Here's Paparobito, first call of the day. Yeah. Yes sir. Yeah. I got a great affirmative action story for him. A affirmative action. Okay. Where I work. Most administrative, local people are charges. They're nice people. So yesterday I'm sitting by my desk and one of them comes to walk and buy. Yeah. With a box filled with chocolate. And she says you want to light a chocolate? Yeah. She says you want to buy some chocolates? I said no. She keeps walking. I think well maybe she's. And we have to order somebody for a charity ride. So I said, they go in a chocolate first. You don't open my sister. I should always have a preschool. No, she wants to go next to the native bush gardens. Yeah. She's selling chocolates for their sister. For the sister. And you got a bush garden. Why not? Because she should get it on her own. Well, my canister and her sister wants to go to bush garden. She can go and rob it from a convenience store. Well, she tried to be an uprising business lady. Well, I would advise some chocolate to get out of her. You raise this pig. And then I've left the board of the firm of the branch. She said, you had a big debate. Why? She's trying to come through the back door. She wants to understand. And talk about the fact that these farts are working and where we're in this establishment are there only because they're in the same place that they're done. Does that what he said? Yeah. And I think you just intensively have an article by some guy named Chocolat. What kind of word is it? It's a matter of fact. Maybe we'll buy some. Yeah. Yeah. Here's our proof for the... I guess we'll better get to yesterday's proof first. Now it's reloading on there. It's reloading in now. It's going to shoot now. The United States is one of the safest, most civilized countries in the world. But it only costs 2.6% off of that one. No better or worse than most countries as far as violence is concerned. 207.4% but far away the leading category now, probably yesterday, a slaughterhouse filled with gun nuts and scumbags. 374.49.8% otherwise by 50%. Had the honesty to say, this is a slaughterhouse. And I commend you, because you're absolutely correct. As far as the other two, like John McLaughlin would say, wrong answer. I should even say, if I played that for four hours, I wouldn't stop laughing. See, if nobody's ever seen that show, there's nothing. What's funny about that? But I mean, Kiki Bada, what he did, the accident is perfect, and it's just the... I've never seen a show. You've never seen a show ever. I don't know who any of those people are. Well, then how come you're laughing so much? Because when you're starting with a scene, the show, you'd be depends on there. If the show is there, you've never seen the clock on company. No. And first of all, Pat Buchanan is not on that show. They have the big fat Tony that British got. How come it is that all the whips that have come over here now, that they have on TV that they've created, they've created one, they're all white whingers. I guess they aren't any liberal whips, we've not come on, why do I guess they wouldn't come here. Maybe these are gunhuggers. But the big fat British guy, Tony something, I'm a little famous. When is it on? In some of us some day, morning talking, I don't know why. I think usually the right finds all those things. Of course, you would watch a clear sound PBS. And I would nearly know a lot of PBS, either, but sometimes in channel surfing, I'll fall on it and show it to you. It's worth watching, it's a panic, it's historical. Okay, here's the first question, and it's perfect after that first call, because we know there are a lot of people out there that have the good news and prejudice, right George. Generally, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most? That's our pro-question today. Got it, Eric? Generally, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most? We don't like making generalizations on the show, do we? Yeah! Because I mean, as much as I tell you to deal with people as individuals, that is a good way to live. The fact is we don't do that. Because we have experiences with people who are, we all serve in the blind, whatever it is. And then we start forming opinions based on the experiences good or bad. Let me say it again. Generally, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most? New Yorkers, senior citizens. Oh, children! African Americans, Haitians, Jamaicans, Rednecks, or French Canadians. I'm going to use that. 2468, who do we appreciate at least? Huh? That's not bad, eight categories. New Yorkers, senior citizens, keep in the African American stations and I can rednecks or French Canadians. And that's I'm not adding any more. I'm sure that we could find many of the new groups to put on here. But I think we've covered most of the bases with that one, and I think we've put our finger on it. Mostly we around. Here's a motorline candle. Uncle Nail. Yes sir. Hey, that freaking idiot. If you can't put this on a chocolate for you, why don't you know? Yeah, you want to my nod you more. I'm going to your yes please. He's just right. Look at what it's right. That's right. That guy wants to go to Bush Carons. What you're going to walk a little extra over time, so we can pay for staying extra day. Yeah, you can't walk over time. You can't go to Bush Carons. You can't go to Bush Carons. I don't know. Yeah. All those holes. I was never I always wondered who gave the poles and then they surveyed. And who climbed it? And for years and years and years. You always hear about the news rate, because you're a radio books, all the new paper polls. I have never participated in any of those, and I'm wondering where they get their opinions and their results. And finally the other day, I just got a call. And with some telemarked, they weren't selling anything. Yeah. The phone, it was a telephone call. And the question was, if you were to vote today, who would you vote for, or Bush? And I think it was actually Tuesday that phone call came here. I said, I would vote for Gore. Yeah. Is there anything I could say or do to change your mind? Well, that's not a telemarketing. But let's say, probably it was Barbara on the phone. Barbara is bad. And I said, if I were to vote today, no, if I were to vote on election day, yeah, put Jesse Ventura on the ballot. Uh-huh. Okay. Thank you, sir. No, was it? Yeah. That probably pissed you off, big time. No, well, that was my two cents. Well, congratulations to the radio part of the American scene. You're a professional. Thank you so much. So those of you guys who finally counted for something. Some bogus, you're certainly. Is there anything we can do to change your mind? That's good. The next problem we see in Anders are both who the Gallup people. They trust the Gallup people. Oh, they ought to Gallup into the sunset. I would trust Frank Gallup, both of them know Gorgia, and Frank Gallup is dead for probably 30 years. No Frank Gallup, of course you don't. He used to be on light out before you were born. How do you know Frank Gallup? I hope they did. Deep, booming voice. They'll combine with no Frank Gallup, because you know it's all those old good people. 25 past 10, if I got some great, you know, on this business about Molly, I wouldn't say it again. Let me say it again. Attack the message you saw you want, and I also want to repeat that crap. A one guy yesterday, see, if you keep saying something that often, that was hit loose or thing, you know, keep repeating the same crap, and they'll start to believe it. About the liberal press. You look at the papers this morning. Here's a big column by Cal Thomas. William Sapphire. Who are all these liberal commas? I mean, Carl Rowan is dead. All of good men, she's one liberal or commas. Who are all these other great liberal commas? And I'm telling you, who are the great liberal commatators? George Will, Bob Novak, Will and Evan, John McLaughlin, bye-bye. Who are they? I got them right away. I can't believe that. And all of the people on Fox, except for that turk in the Julio Schwarzschir, one with every name is a guy on the one, made of it. One pun tomato, whatever is named it. Oh, no, there's a tremendous liberal bias. So this is what you're dealing with with the right wing. Is it all paranoid and delusional? Probably like what ends calling on the bed all night long, to you probably look at under the deceased abugum, to see if a communist is under there. You know, like end witchers. Oh, you're wrong. And does it all communist have no credibility. Maxine Waters, man, which is all communist? Why? Twenty-six to fifty-ten if I've just used to it. It's pretty sweet. This is a story of a girl who's got to be rough. And in the cold, just a jackpot. She got a jackpot, got it all. Why does body-bump? She tenth-more. What she was waiting for. She's got a mischievous girl. And now she is so wealthy. She's for my good girl. I'm rich, I'm rich. Not rich or rich or rich. No grandpa, any guy, die, die. Not rich, I'm rich or rich. I'm rich or rich. You say I'm rich, you say I'm rich. I'm rich or rich. Ten thirty-one, five-six, you double your QOEM. Our prayer question is up generally, which group of people in Sanford are bugs you the most. Two of them be off the senior citizens first created African-American, Hishens, Rednecks, or Jamaica. I'm going to be, I think, a stellar poll over the weekend. We've also built some real bitterness in feasings in this time. We don't have a lot of bitterness, I didn't invent it. Let's just bring it up here in the table and take a look at it and put it away for a few days. Want to put it away? No. And then think so. And as interview with a gay publication president Clinton says, How much sexual is the bias side during impeachment? Because they understood what it's like to be publicly humiliated and abused. As for the advocate magazine, how he felt about this, a priority we see during the scandal from Gaze, Clinton said it came from the same well-spin of experience that prompted somebody African-American to stick with me because they've been there. Expression is lingering frustration with the investigation of the affair with the White House Intern that nearly brought down his presidency. Clinton likened the vigilance of his opponents with those who are persecuted, Gaze blacks and other minorities. The people who have been targeted who have been publicly humiliated and abused, I think I did it if I would want was going on, he said. He told the magazine, I know what he saw the investigation impeachment that he did and just a vehicle defined summarized desperate way to undermine the result of two elections. Two elections. I think there were a lot of people who saw whom knew what it was like to take a bullet and saw for what it was. Clinton goes on to say that he was a little bit surprised that what the interview described is anti-gay contributors hated him so much. They soon he is an apostate because of the southern Wyoming Autopotist and southern Wyoming Autopotist have been the backbone of their power. Maybe they just don't like me. And speaking of southern Wyoming Autopotist in way to clear this one, Jimmy Carter renounced his seven-backers convention. The whole clinic Carter from claims or entry, we're not really sure where to check it up in that family tree. Same tree. Same tree. What do you think they're playing up there in a family tree? And I didn't surprise me. Anyway, from a president Jimmy Carter, the son of a southern Baptist Sunday school teacher, has disassociated himself from the nation's largest Protestant denomination and criticized this increasingly rigid creed. I finally decided that after 60, 60 years, I can know all 66. I'm out of what that's going to be. I can no longer be associated with the seven-backers convention. The 76 year old former president said, and the letter mail of the 75,000-backed station log yesterday, by a group of moderate Texas Baptist. Carter said the seven-backers convention was that almost 60 million members. As an adopted policy that violates the basic premises of my Christian faith, including a denominal, a denominal, a denominal, a statement that prohibits women from being pastures and tells wives to be sublusive to their husband. Oh, that nice college limit! Yeah, whenever stole a fake train. And it was kind of a bumbling, bumbling, yeah, who, but nevertheless, his heart was in a right place, even though, of course, he had lost in it. Maybe there was his problem, he had lost in that heart. Five-six, he had bombed me, no, that Ronnie never had lost in the South as a little heinery. A little stick. Here's a couple of ways, gentlemen. Okay, great. Thanks for the moment. Here's a model in Miami, hello. Hi, the officer. Have you heard the new spots of running on your station for the herhion of teams? No. It's pretty funny. The guy claims that historically the market is prudent, that from May to October is a very bad time to have your money. And November until May is when the market really rocks. Oh, you got to do that. Well, how come the church didn't come here when I came to the market? So let's put it all in CDs or put it all in money market or something until November. Because then it's really going to rock. I don't know. You better ask Mr. Ronald, I think he was the one doing the spot. We're on the spot. We're on the spot. I'm going to give my money to we now, then, can I? No, I'll tell you that. We're on the spot. That's right. Yeah, you said it. Also when the spot is pressed, there's a one similar reactionary plan to tell me about Sir talking about the liberal media. I try to point out my favorite example, Pat, you can. And nobody even knew who he was until he was on crossfire. And the answer to that is that, well, you have not that everybody's on to the liberal press that through a token and there everyone's in a wild as well. Yeah. You know, in their proportion of heart and heart. Like George Will, I think I could go down a wrist and spend from here on to a clock going down a wrist and all these fashes they got on there. And I just love to let go of those. That was one of the most beautiful of them. And I'm not sure. I always look like Dracula and he was froming at the mouth and that's fake smiley. So he knows the cameras on. It comes up with that fake affected smile. But at the end, when he has to read the line, I love the way he is over Dranity. George again, tomorrow night for another nation up. That's fine. What? I mean, come on. No, back who are you kid, and even Heinrich Kim was embarrassed by you. That's fine. And most of these people that we're all about, the liberal media, if you push their button for the offense, you'll get them to a real about the liberal Jewish media. The liberal Jew Fag, that's right. Now you're talking. Exactly. Okay. Okay. Thanks. And have a nice weekend from your liberal Jew Fag host. Five, six, seven, five, six, you got four. What's going on here? But what are those people around there when I do the modern talk to them? Another, naturally, we're in the move to Texan calls here. One on the board. Pretty weak. Here really weak. I'm just loaded with person vinegar. They want to thank my group cross friend, Jesus, over there. That's therapy. And my mother says I better be sure to mention the therapy. I'm talking about it for my hand. She is so freaking paranoid. Oh yeah, that's a pretty heavy. As opposed to like, man. Oh, we should have heard. He said that. That's how paranoid and life was she is. This is the kind of thing she's got to worry about. She said the fact that I've refrigerated is too cold or not. Not too hot, not too cold, but not just right. Yeah, the therapist is from my hand. Not from my brain. Although, be honest with me, talk to these those four hours. There'll be 825 years. It's a miracle. I'm not going to one of those, but I don't believe in manually. I can't afford to go to a shrinkage, it's not enough already. But Louise, my hand is so opposed to over there. What is the place to call the University of the Hab Center? I think that's an end. Great. The best. Thank you, Jerry. He runs a joint. It's fantastic. They got the machine, the ultrasound. And they take that thing in one morning. He hear all the sounds. They can feel it. You can feel the microways going in your hand. Like breaking that all that crap. And the swelling in my hand is gone down dramatically. And look at that. I can actually make a face. Get that little pinky, and not from here. Gotta go to go. But I'm getting there. I hear this almost back to normal. You're the best Louise. That's for you. Nice shrink. Here's the mobile on the mobile and door. Be it. Hello. I know. Okay. And even though we know you don't like the brothers, but you have a real brother here. I'm black and I'm Jewish. So let me know. I'm Jewish. What is the only? I like the showman. Yeah. The blvicle too. Very nice. And that's the video. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. See you. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. I got all these bush quotes. I got this thing about the received case. The CEO of the AOL. And the money they're contributing to a ultra-waring like gym Kennedy. I'd do a lot of mention. Fred Grimm, you're an asshole. If they have always known that. Once they're on her way to combat, make some sense. And then they're actually with the teenage guys. That's like about the clubs and four daughters. And then I ripped them on here and changed the 100 degrees to the AOL in the next call. And that today he writes a stupid column. Forget early on. Cancels came now. And he writes a thing about that ladies dog that died from the employees at the Wisp rate. And he says, Oh, a big dog you. You ought to have these pet appending at another level of resentment against the 100-$70 million. And the call on us all over the place. As usual. And our local newspapers. You doesn't really say anything. A big doggy. You know, like it's a big joke. Really joke. And so you're a real joke. And speaking of jokes. Judge Gail's now adult crime boy for 10 years. Oh, yeah. Long overdue. Crime boy. This was also supposed to be a big joke. Or isn't this cute? Let's give them 400 changes. Hey, there are a turn out to be a piece of scumbag. Piece of crap. Just keep you. The more chances and more chances and where the hell is it? It's gone. Here's my last chance for phone calls to the amp's only right now. This is it. Because I'm loaded for birded amp down on that scale. George is an all-time low and weight. I'm getting there. Not at all-time low. But I'm getting down there. And do a new, uh, a new what 10 pounds. Do I mean? There's a new thing on the scale. That's exactly what we did. Yeah. When you when you cross that barrier from the 190s and the 180s. And then got only those riddle were from there. This is it. 560 pound 560 on the 1810 to lines of wireless line out of town 877756345. Last call. This is 560 2AF. The Neil Roger show. Just portrait you. 560. 2AF. If drive a you. You. Now a sneak peek backstage at Robert Downey Jr. Preparing for his role. In. Andlet. To be or not to be. Like I'm in a situation. What are you know where. In the mind. Is this suffer. Robert. Robert. You need a wine. No thanks got my own. The sweet. That was a nice report. Whoa. Rob, are you alright on it? Rob? Mr. Jr? Do we still have Charlie Sheen's number? Probably. It's a 1045 or 560 WCWM. Madam said the sales manager, the audio system in this car is completely automatic. All you need to do is tell it what you want to listen to and we'll hear exactly that. I see her at the top of Lady Bumming Relaxus. I'm Mr. Secretary of the Facts. But anyway, she's got in relax, so she drives out. Some of the amazing rules confused. She looked at the radio and said, Nelson, the radio was fun, Ricky or Willi. Soon she was speeding down the highway at the sound of Arnaboda again. Lady was astounded. If she wanted Beethoven, that's what she got. If she wanted that King Cole, that's what she got it. Suddenly at the traffic light, her light turned green and she pulled out. After a ride out of the corner of the line, she saw a small sports utility vehicle, speeding towards her. She swirled a narrowly missed the head on collision. And so she murdered. And from the radio, ladies and gentlemen, the Republican candidate for president George W. Bush. How do you like that? I kind of felt it had a moment or two, but what a ride it right from the top. But it was still okay. Kurt Channel saw for food. Soon for fraud. Who are the Senate candidate Andy Martin has found consumer fraud charges. All 50 states count them, baby. Allegedly, that Kurt Channel is the fraud and mustard's rising contest that are portrayed as local that are in fact nationwide. fraudulent, baby, cheap channel fraud. Martin claims Kurt Channel is the fraud and mustard's in the thinking they're competing for prize on only one station. When in fact they're competing with people listening on hungry of their stations. And we had to call on this the other day. Saying most of our senators are too dumb to exercise meaning for oversight over communications matters. Martin has also asked FCC, chairman Bill Kinnard, to open a formal FCC investigation into the matter. So yesterday the Boston World War I destroyed a clear channel contest in WXKS in Boston. Suspect because even though the station years of disclaimer, there's no guarantee that an XKS will ever win. It's no different from what McDonald does. Said the WXKS PD John Ivy told the globe, which notes that Kurt Channel is losing and running this claim is during the contest. Because the company was fine 80 grand by the Florida turning Jones office earlier this year. 40 set to 3 practices during a similar contest. 4 channels would not return our own calls by the pastime. Our own our being radio and records from which this article comes. How do you like that? So remember early in the year when they got in the old the first time. And they're so stupid and so full of crap that they're still doing it. And I'll give you the same thing I told the caller the other day. It's just like in Vegas, court of mania, mega bucks. They had these gigantic jackpots that build up at the ESLOP machine. 20 million 15 million 7 million. And the fact of the matter and then they don't lie about it. A lot of people are too stupid to realize they have a person. But those are universal and they're in the van. They're in Casino's all over. Maybe just in Vegas, but they're in all of Casino's. So if you're in the MGM or you're in here, it's not just in there. So you have to understand that your chances are running. But if you're in a casino where you're playing, this is the same thing. Only these people are saying fast and loose. Getting people to turn into a station, thinking that they got a chance to win money. And maybe somebody in their station in the typical canvas is going to win. And you haven't got any chance. Nice going to channel. They may not be good to least a consistent. They make beefy look good and board ad is really a good thing. They're saying a lot. Here's Pender Pine, tell us. I'm a little bit like a spoon. I'll save this here. Of the American people, Master Kids, they will both feel like I was bush. I mean, you can set up a like a pilot. Yeah. And I just like to say that I come in the election seven. He's going to turn into a moment and he's going to say, well, I couldn't speak. So I just want to look at it. Bye. Anybody know what he says? Bye. Bye. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, that's good. That's the material they got today. New people. I was talking to somebody yesterday once you were was. And who was telling me you said, you know something all these years I thought you were exaggerating, but you were, you can't promote anything in this town. This town. This town. This is a good place. They don't support anything. Just like they show. I mean, the animals who are not going to win, they want to get those diaries, thank God. But other than that, you can't live with these people to do anything. I hate to over imagine talking about the apathas, which I want to mention more than two seconds because that will be the end of the show. I can't even imagine what kind of appendence were going to have next one to be in height. But they still have a lot of game. And if they get waterfly color, I don't know which is fully anticipated by me and many others, it could be really ugly. Now, just a lot of phony's ready to jump on the band by him. Like that big phony who brought couple weeks ago, her coolings and FSU, which turned out to be a great game. But most of the hooprow, at least down here, was all phony, phony ballooning. Another plane of girl school again, and the draw, yeah, tempo boy, even a jewish like tempo. Yeah, yeah. Uh-huh. It could be playing a Shiva, and it'd be the same singular competition. Here's a number of points, hello. Yeah, how you doing today? Okay. Good. Hey, I have very lonely very quiet here today. I'm more loaded to bear. I'm just full of it in this audience. They're in a coma. Well, I got a solution for how to get poor elected. You would agree that motion green to Cuban to flag you. Yeah. You ought to start doing it on the phone, Michelle. I was in a business show, and I was in a business show. Okay. Well, you ought to start pushing Bush. I'm not pushing Bush. You would know. I'm not pushing Bush. Well, for no thanks now. We'll all listen to Aravi among me, and all the other crap. Nice to see you. I'm not pushing Bush. Oh, I do have his suggestion for some of those old, the green too. Push, barra, and then one side of the face. Yeah, push that. 560, 560, this is week today. Man, oh man, I can't believe this. My hand is coming back. I feel great. You're going to have both lose a lot on the scale. Got some serious energy on this sense. And the other land. Yeah. Let's do it. Just a usual crap. Club owners played for an end-of-aids while I was in a club. I was a club. That's, I'm on top of it. Under 21 band-cuzbing financial strain judge told. The owners of a Fort Waterdale night club answered the barrage judge too. They just stopped the series. They've ever peeped the under 21 club out of the bars. At this point, we've laid our half-hour employers at Brian Smith. General manager of the Chile Pepper Night Club on East Barrel Boulevard. Smith-Powild Circuit Judge Jeffery Strifefield, expected the club to go out of business if the Fort Waterdale City Order is banning under patron's remains in effect. Chile Pepper is featured conscious by hooting the blowfish. David Bowing, other ranks in sub-1997. The club has never been cited for underage drinking, Smith said. The club lost 37,500 bucks in the week after the ban was in Acid Nureli, October Smith said. And lost another 25 grand the following week. Under the club's two-band policy, Patrons 21 and older were given a non-transferable wristband. No one without a wristband was allowed to purchase drinks. A certain city attorney's been scots said it was honestly impossible to enforce it or drinking policy for people under 21 and nightclub setting. The problem of underage drinking would be considerably less than by keeping the underpayments out of an i club. Jeff Stryffield said he decided to be with the issue and ordinance ending junction against the ordinance. Please do a judge. You've got to pull all these pro-bathed data business. Not to mention, and one of the shows I found I think was on the MSNBC. They had a piece about the kids that turned 21 and college and the kids that had done from drinking. Did you see that too? The baby stroke is closed. No, it was my high-games. And they said, this is what happened in America because you make it for business boots. Therefore, I'm going to be 21. I'm just going to go crazy and I'm going to be like, come on, show up. Yeah. It doesn't work. Prohibition doesn't work. And putting people out of business also isn't such a great idea. You ask those and throw a lot of deal. You blew those in you. But if you're over the age of a hundred, it's okay to drive. And you're on 75 million different prescription drugs that I'll hop up on. Got only those. Then it's okay to drive because the senior citizens like I told you the ones who are both. And all your young people out there keep telling you this. 75% or 25% of 18 to 24 years can't name both presidential candidates. And you wonder why nobody cares about you? Why have no, you do there's no constituency there. Time green, they run for president. And 30% 70% of people in this country, 18 to 24 can't name both vice-president or candidate. You know what I mean, to me it's astonishing because if you watch even if you never turned on a lose case, CNN any of that stuff. If you just watch and just all the other stuff. Grow and brush. Forget about the other guys. But growing bush. So then I ever be. And show except for a cookin with the amelobiasseholder. Amelogassy. Yeah. But the near viewer. But 25% of 18 to 24 year olds can't name both candidates because they got a long confusing in. Like grow and bush. More than three letters. Here's a motor or less. Hello. Hey good morning Mr. Rawr. Yes sir. Yeah. I think bush would do good on how do you do these? Yeah. I think he then does McComb would be good. Yeah. And you know remember Dan Quill. I think Mr. Bush looks, you know he makes Dan Quill is like a rocket science. I would be with him. And you remember now when there was a guy that claimed he had sold parts of Dan Quill and he took him under the jail. He takes his yes. Yeah. And all right. How many people do you think have been paid off or killed and buried in a field somewhere that's sold, co-to-borsh or party? Right. And how many spots out there have been paid off and how many people, how many women that he has, a portion is on for that he probably sang. I'm hearing that the a lawyer Flint exposes going out next week. That's what we're going to start. That's what I'm hearing. The biggest Jose, the bush story, if you find that expression. And of course what's unusual about seeing bush in hustle. Right. Five, six, seven, five. And listen to the bush is great quotes. So I thank you over a fact these can be. You can never have enough of these. These are direct quotes. That's something that was made up by Barbara Gala. You know, all you idiots are keep facts in me. So you can't get the bait in there. And you know what's amazing? They're just like they're candidate. You can't dispute this, the prostitutes or the fact. So you have to go on your attack. Oh, you're just an idiot. You are fast. You're a comedy poet. Whatever you have you are. Here's a quote from George Bush. Eight, a make-one. It's of the 96. My words mean to you something that we should talk about. Not in terms of having it. For NASA, space is still a high priority. Quite frankly, teachers are the only professions that teach our children. The American people would not want to know any of my miscodes that George Bush may or may not make. We are all capable of mistakes, but I do not care to be enlightened when the mistakes we may or may not have are made. It isn't a pollution that's harming, this is one of the best. It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it. What your man says, and last night on one of the newscasts, they had a big story on Houston, which I would tell you about myself hearing yesterday. There was reading from that par of the Gallabelle so it couldn't possibly be true. But there was on the news about Houston's past Los Angeles and all was smart and about their threatened album, losing two billion dollars in federal highway revenue. The state of Texas, I'm mostly clean up their act. And of course, the big ol' refinery, this one, the pictures them, speeding all our crap out of the, all of George W. is good buddies. And now I notice they're showing me ads about if you imagine what he's doing in Texas, you can imagine what will happen in the Everglades if he's in a White House. You can't complain about the EPA's policy when he gets in here because they're not be any. 70% this was on CNBC yesterday. 70% of the CEO is in the major corporations in this country. 70% on for Bush, 3% for growing the other on the side of the or somebody else. What does that tell you? And I can't imagine why all those people in big business, all those more time millionaires and billionaires. How dumb can dumb be? No, no, no, no, that's gonna be my line for the, how dumb do you have to be? Could be that dumb. Huh? As in, this is 560, UAS, 4256, another UAS by heavyboard runner-down, a measly run station. WPM.com, or the world. No, the F-Wack casting call. All right, Tom Broker. Number, ah, F-Wack. Uh, again Tom? F-Wack. Uh, one more time Tom. I'm losing a second part, one more. Uh, Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes, my Tyson. Stop say what I'm saying. I'll pay off day, tabla. And yeah, and I'm there. And yeah, yes, yes. Yes, he jacked it. I'm flug. Uh, did I flug? Uh, Jesse I'm sorry, but the duck is white. Next. Woody Allen. Nothing to duck the twoke. Stick to the screen, Mr. Allen. It's crazy to sound me. Great the line please. Why would a duck speak? Bad. The great John Connery Cirque. How welcome, sir. Welcome. Call the light. I'm sorry, just read the line, please. Ah, fuck. Excuse me, sir, again? Ah, fuck. Sir, I'm sorry. I had second part of line. I'm simply saying, ah, fuck. Oh, God. I guess you're going to kill me. God, read over here. All right. I guess we'll get over it. I'll watch. I'll watch. I'll watch. Well, get over it. I pretty much, Jason. I think you're terrible, but you're the close thing we got. You got the job. Oh, oh. That was a real five-sixth. You're a true amateur. Friday, time to wake up and sit the coffeeman. Sit the daffodils. That's a pain you've got. Here's Miami, huh? Yes, sir. You are a professional on the boys of reason and a serious myth on the radio. Yeah. Listen, my question is, I've got three points to make. But the liberal is so liberal. Where are they? Because other than your show, I can't find anything on the radio. Oh, that's another thing. Speaking about radio, you got fat ass, limbo, you got all you know. If you got that Gordon Lidia, Nazi, with a dead rat in his mouth. I mean, who the hell are the liberals on the radio? I'm a lawyer in America. My brother-law. He's a fancier to Dr. Lord at the self-heating, wasn't a dude bitch. My brother-law, he says any media earning anyone else who ever gave is liberal, you know. And, um, well, I'm not a rapper, but I just got you mentioned. Very crap. With that, it's going to be a good rule. That advocates, the government do anything. Other than restrict personal life by higher abortion. Right. And I didn't know that in the show right away this morning, but did you mention that FIU poll? Yes, I did. About the Golden Bush. Yes, I see. I say, it's 45% local Cuban local rights, 49% for the world, 21 for Bush. I have all the non- Cubans that are getting out there in both 2 or 4 times in South Florida. We got real problems, because those green two fathoms, they're the other people that haven't done. Right, and in the dangerous war as again. They worked like that from the structure of code of puzzles. Yeah. Oh, look at that. What's the always code of food? We have no wives in the stuff that I know you know you make a couple of after everything. But really on the phone calls a lot of times you cut off people that I think we're... 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. So that's who constructive or any other kind of criticism. We'd like this show to chip back and enjoy it and otherwise this is here. You know what I'm saying? Eww! I'm the one that sits here and determine how the show goes. And if you're interested in how we be on, even if you're interested in a bizarre way, that's okay. But you're quite frankly worth it and give you much too much time. It was a good guy, but boring. So one thing you can't be is boring, sir. Your voice was boring. I'm sure you're a wonderful guy. We agree politically, but that doesn't make you interesting. The fact that we agree or suck in my ass. I mean, that's fine, but enough of the sucking, okay. boring. Don't think of person or unless you want to. Here's my any, hello. Yes, sir. I'm going for a brush. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, something you can, if you had four green colors, just look at my device. Okay. So back at a banana board. That's one of them. One of them. Or by the way, speaking about pair of 92 votes so far, generally speaking with group of people on software to bug you the most. Once I've now, it's coming to refreshing. It's refreshing. Can you smell it? 94 people. Can I be right? Which group of people on software are bug you the most? Cubans 33. Oh, York is 22. Oh, see me, it's 29. African Americans, eight, Redneck five, French Canadian five, Haitians two, I'm a bit of a, Jamaican have none. I'm not. See that, everybody likes to Jamaican because they got to go to weed, baby. We're not going to push them off. We're not going to rub them the wrong way. Or the right way, but I mean, nobody wants to push off if you make it. Trust me when I tell you. That's the way the land goes right now on that. That's going to be up there all week and wrong. I imagine we're like 75,000 votes on that because that's what most people hear live words to hate everybody else. That's what it's all about. So no brainer like George W. No brainer. 560, 50, 50, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon virus line. I would actually bug you and some people, but you're trying to lose weight. And of course, I had this. Yeah, because that I'm like yesterday, it was very good. The one from Bale. Hi. It was good. But wow. I must say that butterman here is something that just goes through like an 8-pound. Here's Hollywood, hello. And yes sir. I did not flush time every once in a while. You either place got Jimmy's on 4-4-1. I was very well, yes. Yeah. Everyone. I'm in maybe a couple times a week and most times when they go in there, it was a guy in there. He's a hundred and two years old. He drives. Oh. Yeah. I didn't believe it. And then the way you've got the relationship, this guy's 102 years old. Anytime that you don't think that the voting means nothing. These young people are just throwing themselves. Because if they don't vote, this kind of crap is going to go on. Yeah. And then I get a lot of AT&T's as far as the vote goes to. I don't like anything that's going on. If you don't vote, these are the kind of people that are going to be running the show. You know what? That's what's going on right now. That's what the people are going to get what they want. And if you just put your head in the sand and don't vote, that's what you got. Life is more than in TV. That's that, right? Okay. And right now, your show in Arizona is a judge. WD, I'm Lederman last night. Do all the young people watch Lederman. How did I not know the name of the group to candidate? 25% of 18 to 20-year-olds, not just based on my opinion based on a pro by CBS and MPD, no less. And 70% of my, well, I keep repeating it. Does anybody out there care? No, no, they don't care. This is an old people's place. All the young people get out of here while you're still can before they put you in camp or something. They're not in here while you still have a life and a little bit of freedom. It's worth two weeks. And of course, why should we be knocking on? Because the rest of these people are literally in the police now talking about their stuff. What will you say the average IQ is that the people who talked to the last couple of months? Beyond. Yeah. That's what I would say. Maybe a little less than. Then beyond. All the Cuban 10-year-olds I think are going to have a battle royale. Especially with that subway series coming up. Everybody came up at that subway series. Oh, only New Yorkers. I would say that only New Yorkers and people who hate New York. Of course, if you do hate New York, I mean, you kind of like what? And I hate the Yankees worse than the Met. Let's go, Met. I would even care. I probably won't watch much of any of it. I'm talking about the Joker story. I think he's like a quest file. I mean, we know he's a sarcastic Yankee fan. But he just couldn't believe that a sports mood like me wouldn't watch the world through his. It's the way I'm looking for. Rolling. Ponderous. Unlike of course, now that we got hockey season going. Where? Find a big way. David, we'll have it on for you. Got a script for Thomas the Kennedy is over. It's funny. He's so scary. He's funny. But, for Thomas, we got a fact for Thomas. That's what it's like. That's what it's like. He's so scary. Oh, he's on a great point. He is fairly tight corner. It's not always the least. But of course, we're at the tier. Have four or one games. He's got a rock. I'm going to check you out on the 560WQM. I go for losers. You've got a win. Me, Donald. You're all with Donald. I'm a loser. I'm still the two shitiers. You can't feel my bad feeling. Oh, that is. You can't feel my bad and you're. The head is short. I'm going to sing you off the song. I'm going to sing you off the song. I would have run this session. I can have first to do nail song. I'm going to put on a project with right after John's government. Oh, it's a good thing. We've done a music and j-walk. Music. 14 to 560WQM are a purple pair of waterguide, which is the official water of WQM outside the studio. Also, manufacturers this stuff, cream. Vitamin C, A, E, and the antioxidant complex cream. So the netting blocks are going to be a bit smoother than my hand is still there. Have you liked that? Good stuff. You can drink some. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and the Brian's and the wireless line. I just wanted to tell you this right off the bat CNN. See, this is the psychology thing. If they tell you that the election is becoming really large-sided and one candidate like Bush is waiting on the head, then a lot of people say, I want the F. I'm not going to bother going out and voting. That's what's going on right now. Because we only got about two and a half weeks. That's what's happening right now. Make no mistake about it. Here's a mobile on Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are we going? You know, they were talking about there with Limbaugh, G Gordon, and with Ollie. That don't come like a bad number of free-lying for the Panthers there. You know, we could probably sign them for a case of the foul rifle, maybe some, uh, just this strap fall in the off and then, you know, let's stop something. Hey, exactly. You know, we ought to put Joe Rhova first. Okay, great. On speaking of Joe Rhova, I should have told him this in the hallway this morning, but he was having a big sports discussion with Greg Lead, which I found very amusing to be able to both in. Yeah. Last night, so it's about 20 after station getting ready to punch back to channel 4, not that I liked the news, but I was getting really watched to Dan Rather. It's a 30 and CDS and by mistake on a remote, I hit channel 6, which I never watched channels. There's no, because Tony's cigarette, I'll make give me the willys. He just is sort of, he's a sports nerd, and always he was trying to be a news guy. He's a news guy. Oh, a silver person, Tony. But anyway, so it was time for the sports with Little Bar. Joe Rhova was had a sports jacket on there with 87 psi. It was not for them, they gave games for a jacket that was rough around in a room, but somewhere you must have put out a jacket, because he had a sports jacket with 82 psi, he's too big. And he kept trying to push it together, and the jacket too. Wow. Find, see, all your people are going to talk about Joe Rhova's big hit. That's between 6 and 10 in the morning. That's going to be their topic on Monday, it almost went, even when we got to the gym in the bathroom, and the real series. That'll be the topic next week, which and all that stuff. The one thing about that show, he didn't turn it on today, yesterday, with you, was shookers, and it's always richy from boys head and the jets, and the mats, that's it. With the jets, you're the mats play here? No. So, you know, I might have to be considered my vote. I'm not going to tell you who I voted for when we pull. I might have to start thinking about the New Yorkers. Of course, we know why Joe is in the right to New Yorkers, if they're shooting in Jews up there. Oh, yeah. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I could write a bring up something here about this business to go and Bush. One of the main things that they talked about was go on one to expand government, what's the big, go to bigger bureaucracy and, you know, send all out of money. That's who it is, the big. Sir's Bush? Well, that was, that's on Bush, yes. What I was doing to be doing, though, how can that? No, that's where I was started by Bush. I'm going to say it again. I mean, what's stated, that was one person. Yes, that's where they keep saying. But what you think got to put up the purpose? First of all, last night on the senior figure, the economist of examin both of their plans in terms of spending the proposed, the big, the big surplus that we may have or may not. And, growers is very exaggerated. We have a minimal amount of that left over. And Bush is going to put us back in the right again. How do you like that? Well, you've got to get in the price for a split. Let me say it again. Are you a millionaire? No. Well, what are you going to do with that 50 cent today? I don't like it. That 50% price for a split. You're going to get one? I'm 50% taxed by calling the Bush. I don't like what you're saying. Oh, you must have seen most credentials. You all can spend it wisely. Literally, no, no. But you didn't respond to what I just asked them because you can't. You're going to get 60 cents a day. Wow. How many diets, so does he need back for that? It depends on the soda machine. Maybe like three-fist. Then surprise me if your gaze is broken on the fifth right now. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The prime five, six, the only ATMP and Verizon wireless line. So he didn't respond to all the what I said. I mean, I'm not just talking out of my answers. Some political rhetoric. They hit it right there. They've studied it. Not non-partisan. And grow as exaggerating as politics always do. And exaggeration is one of the specialty. But exaggerating is so close that we have. But we could be in the green. Or fraction of what he claims. But we'd have money left over. Bush, his modest budget increase. It would be in the end of the red. Because he's taking all that money out of social security. Given the gigantic cash cuts for the 1% wealth of his people in the country, including me, which I'll pass on that. So I'm like this last ask. So all he cares about is allegedly how much he thinks he's getting, which he's wrong. Selfish. I'm not interested in that. I could make back his saving and tax money more than normal cash. I can't walk for me on the food in Huet. No. I'm not saying it again. I said no, I'm a can't, but instead of for us. Yeah. There was you in there. But I didn't finish the work. But I would have been good. I would have been appropriate. I said, the time comes away. I couldn't. They're saying it. Then I'm going to be lost. Me with his incompetence. With $100,000, we get these people all stood up to these weeks. But I'm not going to do it. Because I'm not willing to take a $2,000 or a whole bunch of $1,000. And exchange that for personal liberties for millions of people in this country. Not just me, but for women and all of them. I know he's been living with a brain. I'm not one of the staff to Supreme Court and all of that are rejected for our God damn tax breaks, which is going to be a hell of a lot more than you're going to get pal. I'm talking maybe 60, 70, 80 grand a year. I would say me, even in the 40% tax bracket. So if you only want to be selfish, that's all you care about is me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, then go right ahead. That's where you're coming from. Here's a mobile and hell and deal. Hello. I'm here on the phone. I came one time. Yes, sir. Listen, I'd like to tell you about a shopping or a lunch that I had yesterday when I came with him in the work. Yeah. I have a stop at a grocery store. The public's on these found out these full of work. And they had exactly. They had a, I think you call him a sicker. You never really check this is you going to try it. I remember that somebody already the circus shack, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, they had one of those fed up on the parking lot. And they had some have seated tunes and they had a women and women think of a blessing. They were holding true and they were really a family. I was here I've never been so shocked in my entire life. Yeah. And everybody that we've gone in and out of the public, they were stopping them. That can have been what to cry. Did they know to you women? I don't know. They must have. I went in and I complained to the manager, I said, you know, do you have to be, uh, a coped by religious priests, you know, when I come shopping here and he says, that's not my call. No, it's not his call. Another one is terrified to push off the house. He doesn't want to call the netty family. So I just figured I'd let him know about that. Okay. 560560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T, and provides the wireless line. Here's a bunch of quotes that's going to be the Al Gore. I guess what we're not reading those on here. Well, if somebody's here presenting the website to pick you, that's right. That's absolutely positive with correct. But we do have the facts coming in that talks about how to bush them and made their money from financing Hitler during the 1930s. I have already, but that might be kind of interesting. Yeah. So I'm with one side of top again. Yeah, I'm right. Now you're catching on. We have to have like a few hours a week or so to kind of echo like crap from the liberal media, FedF, Limbaugh, and Dr. Laura, and the G-Gird and Liddy. And Ollie, I never stole a freight train from the country was north. And of course, Daddy Bush, he didn't know nothing about that. He was in on that Ryan Contradio. He didn't know anything about that. Because we had to build up the military for the show. He didn't know nothing about that. Hey, dear POB, son. I was going to ask you if you have any white wing, greedy Republican pigs listening to your show, but that's called a couple of calls for that. I have lots of, now you have all these facts and most of them are filled with hate and psychosis. And then I get some from people who don't think I'm liberal enough for our solar-weight and psychosis, because if they don't agree with you, you're a bastard. Well, I got a message for these white wing pigs. And as to why we despise you and Rosie was much as we do. It's because of your obsession with other people's jet of hell, you've been obsessing over Clinton's weaning for seven to eight years now. Do you hear the latest about the rolling stone magazine cover? About one. Well, next week, next Monday, rolling stone is coming out with a feature on our goal. And I'm not kidding, and I'll win Bach that set cake. Yeah. And three hours on this question. Yeah. Seast and devoted at least 25 minutes this morning. Yeah, callers. The Republicans are claiming that they airbrushed his genitalia to make it look bulging in the picture. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, the facts about that, you said we're going to waste my time on your talking about it. What's the point? Well, the point I do. This is just the kind of thing. Well, the sense of genitalia, they have a penis thing. That's the whole thing. Exactly right. Other people's penis is right. And I just wanted to do it. I just wanted to just like to guide what about the other day. That's the up in Georgia that was fonding the carpet. That right, we can go to the two shoes focused on the family guy. There was a rest of the performing the carpet in the park. Get the quick. And just like James Thompson's buddy there, the trout guy, who was who had been a bit ahead in the fair and had a reason his post-Sort of Space. Yep. Have a great day, sir. Thank you. Yeah, I saw that the alleged that they airbrushed it. That one was the worst penis. That one was the worst. I mean, it was what about seven foot nine, something like that. And he could, that's why he was so good against the Bradley. He was looking down at it. So you know, I mean, just by accident, the gross penis has got to be about three, four times bigger than Bush. And Bush, yeah. Inside maybe Bush. Well, five six out of five, sixty, Tom five, sixty, you know, they also work in the name. Tom five, sixty, only 18, ten, two lines of whatever's line. Out of Tom, by can four miars, baby. Are you people over there voting for crime out loud? If you got a brain in your head except for that red wing, red wing, red wing, red neck, that's something that's last this morning that Jack has to know for a minors. Is that all you got over there is a bunch of biber floating assholes? What the hell am I talking about this morning? Why does two photobinces pass this biber floating? I thought I said the right thing. 1877, 75, 63, 45. Or we are the election coming up. So we shouldn't be knocking him because they at least got that fascist me. Do go out over there, which is one I can see for you. We're doing something brolly Kelly. Now we love this sheriff. We love Ken Jenny. We like people who work like a passion. You want to play possum is what he ought to do. Hanks from the guy damn true and not inside your house and play possum. He's probably doing that right now. How many play shall I? Oh and by the way it's bigger that sonson or here's another example. They're liberal media. Yeah. The sonson or which is owned by the very ultra-conservative Chicago Tribune Company. Of course. Who do they endorse this morning for Congress? Do they endorse the legal and all the inverse the anxious place? I would just we'd have to did. Oh there's more that liberal media again. Yeah. You should look so wrong. Currentoid delusional crazy people. Probably eight hundred and those biber burgers. Twenty six after all they'd find sixty W. Kims. I think sixty. The Neil Roger show. That's about U-10. XL right? Q-Ca, 52さい for the Maiden Dis. unreleased. Oh. I think you're like a man you're speaking about Jotenzio. In news like this week, exception from the book about the Jotenzio, I'm about more is angerberg up there in Hollywood and usually all those balls that the most brought in there for Jotenzio sign and Joe Corsus coughing up boarden yard here. All like good stuff. Pretty interesting. All of these interesting is this fact we just got that says, did you hear that next week Kipper Roy is going on the presidential campaign with her husband? The preparedness stuff she shaved all off all the hair from her private parts, she announced that I'm a stage with him and have her latest at part with out any panties on her message, read my lips, no more bush. I guess we're not having much now. 560560, pound 560 on the AP and T and the lives of mine, I'm a Haitian heir at the Chinese ninjas. She makes me want to borrow. I'm not there would be a good question, who's more obnoxious, have dasha or kipper Gore? Wow, that's tight. I mean, there's a paper on the Naples, hello? Yeah, I do a meal. Okay. Listen, guy, please play to hear your show. I've only been listening to you, you've been back on vacation. Really? Yes, sir. I really enjoy your show. I don't know. There was belly aching about they take her shopping at Newly One Hour for there, but we get very, very, very little. We get very little response from over there in a West Coast. And you couldn't have been able. What happened to her was on 770, I knew they could have fat boy, and we know that. And I can know they don't get a fat boy limb, why they could have wear some stock show. Yeah, that's that also, and then they have red sweater on, and they can have bomb a fat anyway. And you know, thank God for you. I have to go to 560 on the A&M to get the rest of your show, and come to the kind of crappy, but still come to say God for that. New York, you're quite glad you're for the day. Hey, you look flex on what? You have to push. That's done for the state of Florida. I mean, all these Republicans, okay? Let me tell you something. You try to get up for a public in the middle of it. Let's take one that's already in there one and I'll say, and I'm a native who's ready in by the way, New York. Love you, y'all and New York. Hey, man, I love pro football. I was really a good small brother. Thanks for taking the call. Love you. All right. 560, I'm pushing for a call from the rest coast. I have liberty to blame, but myself. We have nothing to fear about the rest coast of the show. Here's a popular beach, hello. Welcome, me. Yes, sir. I'm thinking about, we don't see enough pushing going. Hollywood, do we? Meaning? Well, anyway, the other call is spoke up about Timothy. Oh, yeah. I'm a family son, can't move it right along. Yeah. Anyway, anyway, I think in the new form, they have a look up from what's up. 960, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One, the Bishish and the Real Call, we're searching more looking. Here's your baby, hello. The way, butch. Weaving. I was going to say, moving and breathing, but I think that my team is in a situation. Your baby, you're a nice car. Go in once. Here's candle, hello. Candle. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. I want to thank the bushing for keeping you in Miami. I want to paint our second deal. There's one thing that the country agree on. The economy and they don't like it, neither the canopy, right? There's one thing I have confidence in our goal. He will want to be president. I think he would want to be president for eight years. And when he says he's going to wake us, I believe that. Just the one thing I believe for him, another thing I would like to point out. Do you think Papa could come out and camp things for him really often? So what are you talking about? Cleft. If he comes out and can't say for four. He's busy, uh, I'm going to panic with that schmucker head back in close. He's busy running around to himself. And Gordon doesn't want him to be too close. 560, 560, pound 560 and then Bubba isn't too happy about the either. I should mention. 560 on the 183 Verizon one. I'm not giving that West Coast number any more. That's what I call from Naples. No, not. Here's my enemy. Hello. Oh, yes sir. In the valley of geohatrophet there's going to be a value between the trial commission. Oh, here it is. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And there is 51. And Micheal said in the Biblical. And geohatrophet is going to win. Yeah. Okay, which game is he starting? Oh, he's, I guess he's, uh, back in the, I think he's, well that's okay, yeah. Yeah, okay. Okay. 560, 560 or this is good. This is really good. I think that the cashers that had lived peckers going again, you know. I was thinking that they were not watching old crazy people drive in the moment. I was discussing yesterday. I mean driving like lunatics. I mean that's not just usual crap, but like extra bad crap that we're going to have it. That's how I bet you that good peckers going again. Because these people are like they're not. Here's park land, hello. Yeah, that report about the algorithm came out of a place called folder.com. And last yesterday, the report was, is that, uh, Well, yes, that's what we had. One of the pretty talking. Paul, not so. He's a little bit of a reflection in the algorithm. Yeah, cover real quick. Well, I mean, who cares? Well, you know, I just wanted to say, I mean, I mean, I just wanted to say, I mean, I mean, I just wanted somebody who can get it up, you know. Yeah, if he's standing report, that that was the Fox News website network that reported it. And I think, you know, you know, why? Because all those Republicans that's all the care about it's penis penis penis. The other change it's a penis news network. Uh-huh. Well, I think they got a bunch of clicks working there. Fox, that's what I'm hearing. Wimes would slots. 560, 50, 50, 50, 560. This is the today itself, I'm not even knew yet. I would say that you wouldn't surprise today. Lens you agree? This is the dollar's budget of a group of all that ever heard in my life. And you're picking on the 18 to 24 year old data enough. You know, something I think that they're the ones who's ought to be a lot of the folks. Because for what they know, maybe they're less dangerous they are. Are you one, yeah? Why are we in the end? If we're going to get the condo going out, you know, all those old parts in the condo. Yeah, that's the promolid green tooth Cuban. Those are the people who are going to want them both. That's why that's why I pretty soon the legal drinking agent in Fort Waterdale is going to be 80. And it's only going to be for like, fun juice. Here's a mobile and Fort Waterdale, huh? Yeah, sure. A couple of things. In the August 13th edition of the new republic? Yes, sir. New, Mr. Bush said that you will not appoint any openly gay member, any openly gay person to his cabinet. You also approve. Well, do you think the public is concerned about that? You also approve of anti-stratomy laws in taxes. Right. The girl in New's in on October 14th, recorded that 10 Vietnam veterans are offering $1000 to anyone who's proof that Bush served in the Alabama National Guard. So, that year, the United States, he was there. He was a well. He just didn't show up. Right. And they're offering a bounty to anyone who can prove that he's, he did show up. So, he's not proposing that today's a ghost showing go up and floor that by 2.4745. The guy who's probably decided earlier in your program. Yes. If you go to their website, y'all.com and look at the internal that that poll, it is weighted towards the republicans. The equal number of equal percentage of democrats are republican voting for the respective candidates. And there's just a few percentage points difference between the independence for $36. So, the $36.3 publicans boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Because it's a Gallup poll. I've been saying that right from the beginning. Gallup, George Gallup, I'm sure is dead by now. But he was a reporter to a publican sympathizer. And his polling organization is always leaning to the right. And still, by. Well, it's amazing how CBS as the latest yesterday says that their share shows that Goro's had 42 to 42 points and the electoral colleges tree are for a point to hit. And, and CNN all of a sudden on the nowhere, the poor keeps bouncing and all of a sudden yesterday out of nowhere, it's 10 points ahead for Bush. Nobody believes that. And even the Bush people don't believe that. Workers, jobs, the leaders and the CBC tracking poll, which came up today, shows it's a dead even rate for the majority. That is absolutely correct. And so, like I said before, what they're trying to do is to scare off a grandkids. Exactly. Exactly. The Bush is ahead 12. And we've been talking about this last night. If people think that Bush is way ahead, it's going to be a landslide. Why bother the vote? Because you're actually trying to play. They wanted to scooch democratic. Well, I'm 10 times now, because I'm putting. Well, I'm voting 20 times. All right. Here they're. I'm visiting the right wing Graham. I mean, 567560, pound 560. Look at that poll. I don't want to. Oh, you're just going to be upset. Well, he doesn't think it personally is not one of them. They think it's a turn code. I've been doing this. How many of you felt? How many of you felt? How many of them? How many of you? What is the 1506 votes? Cuban, which group of people in childhood above you the most? General, this person is speaking. Cuban 78, New Yorker is 34. Senior citizens of 17. Or they got off easy. African American 13, Red Next 12, French Canadians 10, Haitians through and Jamaican still. How are you like that? Jamaicans who love them. Yeah. He's keeping up with the offense. I always always tell you that it's talking to you in the green. The problem is you're not talking to you. So you've always said two words to them in the green. One whole hour of the hottest talk on radio. But doctor is an masturbation. Okay? Okay. I masturbated, I'm coming back in a couple of weeks. Doctor, do you have this girl? No, I don't know. Doctor, this girl. Doctor, this girl. Yes, yes. I'm just going to watch a video. I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding. Sure. I'm not an eye doctor. Are you familiar with Doctor B? Very good. Yes. You should be calling Doctor B. Sure. Who could help you out with that? Oh, yeah. No. So do that. Listen, well, we're on hold. Nice to be. Okay. All right. Doctor, this girl. Week days at noon. 1.45. 5.60. Double equilibrium. I got high goal. Go to 2. We got this. But they've on that show. Well, thanks. Between 5 and 6. We'll try to be six or five. Panthers at the Abla and Piggy and A. They're giving another clock tonight. As the Panthers desperately say to win their first victim with decision. And I do in desperate. I don't want to say that the boy's might be getting more like a little bit paranoid. No, no, no. He's looking, but there's going to be a tough ass sign with up tonight. Here's a hate facts from this is a new fake name. Your Parker reminding me of the only behavior that it is. Hate facts. It's a beautiful ring to see the real list of the all the liberals running scared that they're I'm glad to hear that it's a beautiful thing. We'll show the Parker aka whatever you're willing. Running scared at the prospect of decency and morality occupying the White House instead of slaves. The I was looking guys co-chaid them the drums and decent court court. More guys that's what I always thought about. First guys who's daddy's you know, not reading my lips, no new taxes. I was sleeping in the cabinet meeting, you'll run and concentrate and learn nothing about it. All of those wives. I've been mentioned wise about the patient's clever rights and taxes. And you just told again you have a nice for the evening at time. I'm also sure you're glad you can almost make a fist with your hand, you know. That means you can reason laughing it around that little prick of yours between crypt and incident where you get to this body on boys. First of all Bill I hate to listen to you. It's the wrong hand. That's number one. Number two what time does that start? And what do I mean? 560-70560 pound five 360 exactly what you expect. You're all the same baby. You're all the same. You all cut out of the same cloth. You're much a good excuse. It's probably Bill right now getting to this by Young Boys. I wish he's daddy was or Young Girls are both. Making girls on there and at big, hoarding they hadn't kindle. Maybe girls are cop but you say yeah. I'm surprised me. Maybe they were just like a cop. I'll feel. Here's Delway do you child. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. How are you today? Okay. We go to the beesley watch. What's the stock at now? But the last time I checked it was covering right around. Yeah. Okay. When it gets to 10, you get a new radio signal because I can't even hear you my office anymore. You want to hear? Yeah go ahead. How was that? I did that. If I do that, you're sure then maybe you feel like you're not cheated that way. I wanted to say no sir. Can you imagine if this show was on FM? We'd have a 30-year-old if we were on FM. We'd have a 90-year-old. Well it's set out strong and that goes weak I guess. Yeah we need to. But the weather is very nice. Oh it's cold but you see when you saw the bait when the guy asked him about the a death penalty? Yeah. I think that turned it for him. That's when he got all nervous that these people can ask real questions. And then all of a sudden he had to come up with a answer and he didn't even answer. But how come? How come? Go ahead and come back and sit there and say that I went thing out like he so often does and well I'm also the death penalty too. And I'll risk that because he terrified to do another Michael Bucaccus. Why didn't he point out the fact that he didn't execute. They're not executed in three as the governor had said in the previous debate. They're executed in two of the three and I'd lynching in Texas. Another lie by George W. And the thing that gets me is that I don't know who's advising him but that's what I'm seeing. I'm seeing all these inconsistices. The man hasn't given a press conference and Bush hasn't given a press conference in over a month. But he's not answering any questions because if he answers any questions, people are going to see that he's stupid. And they're going to be like this for a second. They haven't seen you stupid by now. How about it makes you think they're ever going to see it? I don't know. I don't know. But anyway, sort of they get to the channel. I mean no. So I can start listening to you again. I don't know. I don't put me on my way forever. You hear right now. I'm going to have a little less than a letter. Excel. Not soon. Here's some more quotes from the grading. What George W. He says I believe one irreversible trend toward more freedom in democracy but that could change. It's an irreversible trend but that could change. I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future. The future will be better tomorrow. We're going to have the best educated American people in the world. To Sam Donaldson on June 17, 1993. I stand by all of the statements that I've made. I am not part of the problem. I'm a Republican. And here is what really profound. I want you to just grab the edge of your seat. Grab your thing. Whatever you got. I'm looking very closely with this because it doesn't get too much more profound than this. A world-order turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls. Oh my, let's hear it for George W. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. On the 18T and Verizon world response, how's our poor coming? Hundred ninety-teas hosts. Generally rich groups of people in South Florida bug you the most. Cubans, ninety. Wow. Can that be right if it's behind me? The Yorker is 38. Senior Citizens 21, Africa American 13, Red Next 12, French Canadian 12, Patience 6, oh no, look at that. Jamaica 1, 1. There's one guy getting really dissuade with the weekend. I'll turn you that. Maybe he's got some Columbia in connection. I'm going to be trying his way to Amsterdam. Here's the citation. Hello. Here it goes. Oh, how weak. How boring. Here's sunrise. Hello. Okay. And you can give me a hint if you don't want to come out right and say it. What do you think what happened to the governor last week? I think that happened. I think he died in the plane crash. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18T and Verizon world response. Out of town is open and that's probably just as well. I could that whole windows call we had from that drunken signal over there in April. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five. What's your say? And you know something? He's perfect. That guy that called before with all the respect of the people who are sitting on the West Coast. He is the West Coast. That guy from Naples that called before the mudwamps, the incoherent mudwamps. That said, so let's go. Crawl from the neighborhood over there. I mean, you know what the time we went to Tampa for a week and with that. And they were all wondering about the orange and purple hair and the, you know, one finger in their nose and one of their rectum. That's the West Coast of Florida. And you know something with thank you very much. First of all, forget whether you're not too sure. Which shows that you're not as bad as you thought you were. And then you are a little more politically. You have stood in a lot of work parts over here. And number two, thank you for going to the judge about them. I once because it makes us feel better about ourselves over here because this ain't so great. That's big penis here. That's why somebody is where women's come down here. Because what they got said before, the right women's are obsessed with penis. Oh God. In fact, when John penis left their iron from our sales department, they were forming it to not. For some or scored score, they were forming. You're my enemy, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Oh yeah. How about you about the tax cuts that are just that we have proposed? You believe that we're going to give those people a tax cut. Yes. You know, I mean, you can't do it. The Congress would have to be part of this in crime. And of course, you've ever been Republican Congress. Then that's when they can serve a funeral. Well, I think that's all going to go far from the tree. I don't think he will do it. And if he's going to do it, he's not going to do it the way he's really talking about. He's buying vote and over dignity people. He doesn't even have to buy those votes because first of all, they all took it. You're almost in the wrong way. Well, he's making a bigger issue. And I'll grow a lot of money down to those class people, you know. Yeah. He's catching them. I'm going to give you that the tax cut. I'm going to give you so much money. You're going to give him 60 cents a day. And it's all a class that I don't even sense today. That's pretty heavy duty. Well, I mean, I mean, I want to win. And I want to make the poor people in buy out three quarters of a diet soda. And it's right. I agree with you. Yeah. Good boy. Okay. Hope several times. I'll set him away. We'll show those back to the thing that took. And I think the guy that called before about the MSNBC, the real poll. But I'm telling you right now, don't be swayed. Don't be. And now we understand why a few weren't two people watching to you. And because it's a bunch of propaganda. Other than Bill Pres who coincidentally was out in the LA not on the show last night, which he should have been on there. Other than him, and then you want to over the liberal. I'm pleased to tell me that silly guy with the glasses. What's his name? That's the comic. Do you want to place the piano and picture in the thumbnail? Yeah. And I'm talking about that. They had him on the way. He got on the way. No way. That's not a well-wired guest nowadays. Like I mean, we've got four of the poor people in the sea. That one which he is. Mr. censorship. I can't think of his name. 60's a real girl. He hasn't said anything funny in his life described. And they're using him to be the liberal. The counterpart. No, they only got about no that. And 50 different shows on a guy named Channel. You're a bunch of fascists on Iran CNN. And of course, he only got a judge who they got on there as a liberal. He's supposed to be sucking everybody's ass to really know it to say anything, including Ross Prove who he tried to force on his four years ago and eight years ago. In fact, there was pretty interesting because he was trying to get him in there. He had him on time. Yeah. Which is pretty hard. I'm sure we're in those doses only on five times a week. He had him on time. He had him on time. He had him on time. So couldn't get him in there. Nice going Larry. Sony. Asked suckers. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. I mean, I still don't. Okay. Oh, no. I think I'm moving in the parallel universe. Uh, Frank. Yes. I mean, I don't think I'm going to myself a fairy in those in person. I don't think I'm in my album and say this yet. But my could ask you. What do you want me to come? I'm sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. My perspective of what I see is, for example, if I just turned off turn down the sound and watch the debate. Uh huh. I would have seen a murder of presidential and I would have seen another man who looked like he should be running for student. Man, if I was a French, I would have wanted to say it. Uh huh. So this guy is not together. I didn't see anybody with presidential. Well, let me just give you the other side of the question. That's a relative of course. And one who looked like he should be running for a text for a letter. Presidents have a fraternity. How they do this in their own. Uh huh. But here's what the Guards need. This is a job that's a living in the parallel universe. It gives an internal call and in September 40% of the people said the economy farm policy and issues matter. This late, this last call and our server, this is a bad part of the impact that 45% of the people The people said more character and leadership. The people said the people are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they are not a character and they like you have a sign of voirbanding like that procedure if he can draw stories with a messenger is a person he will draw something a person you want by following the source of character and need to look upward I'm a friend of this possible idea of riding here and for the good idea of getting this hot clear it is a lady and you can draw i value enough to extend this image if somearnt I dont want to have touch with this lot of video i have linked my butt before I could put this record on memes with the Unterstützung and I think theYes or horizontal link is the link for all this is left down I swear. I like you folks. Right. Well, very good. It says, uh, your vote can help stop censorship. Your white supporters are meant to build an attenular video product, access, and all websites. And the visit at all, my comments are big, greatly affected by this year's election. How do you like that? I'd go, make correct. Vote for candidates who support the first amendment with more liberal views on his matters. That's right. As much as a lot of you don't like it out there, this is the liberal freaking crowd, okay? What am I gonna come back? Kiss my ass if you don't like it. Speak in a kiss. Do I have a cap that I will pick up a nun? She gives him the cap and the cap that I will won't stop staring at her. Chance and why he's staring me replies, I have a question to ask you, but I don't want to offend you. Chance is my wish on your can't offend me. When your is old as I am, if been a nun as long as I have, you can't see him here just about everything. I'm sure that there's nothing you can say or ask that I would find a fence. Well, I've always had a fantasy to have a nun kiss me here to ask you this, she responds, well, let's see what we can do about that. Number one, you have to be single. Number two, you must be Catholic. The cap that I was your excited and says, yes, I'm single. I'm Catholic too. The nun says, okay, we're pulling to the next alley. He does me none for those who's fantasy. But when I get back on the road, the cap that I was starts crying, my dear child said, then why are you crying? Forgive me sister, but I have sinned. I lied, I must confess, I'm here to none Jewish. The nun says that's okay. I'm on the way to how I'll impart in my name is Kevin. Capet, I give that about an eight and a half on a scale of ten. Oh! What's up, Kevin? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Five, six, five, six, sixty on the eight, ten and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Oh, that was a really good show. Not bad. But I'm not going to be able to go. Thanks to some of you are law. I just call the voter registration. And so I need to get a new voting card. You know, I'll move that estate here. Oh, two ways. And they said, up, October 10th was the cut off. That's correct, yeah. Well, not in a school of law. That's the law. That's the deadline. Why? Mark has that's the way it is because they want to make it cover for people to vote. No, no, seriously, how come we have groundhog day and Columbus day and presidents, they all these national holidays and these marginal days. And how come on election day people have to go to work? And you want to know why could be the one everybody to vote? Well, I can believe again because a lot of people wake up a lot of minutes ago and why should they have a register up and play with the day before? Absolutely correct. Doesn't make any sense. I don't have no, anyway. Tell my son it's okay. I think I will. Okay. Fine. Yeah. What kind of practice that we have, you know, national holidays, everybody's off from school. I'm like James Van Buer, I'm Martin Van Buer and birthday. And all of a sudden, what number president was Martin Van Buer and George? Uh, let's go. I used to be able to recite for an order eight, but then I started smoking dope. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe the reason that we had the hate commission is because of what we were behaste for a reaction at 1876, maybe that was the problem. And then they asked one of the talking heads on CNN before, well, could they have it again? There's stuff, oh no, absolutely not. You're so full of crap. It's gonna be a year's man. For an easily as close as this is, one of these guys could win the popular vote and lose the nail at your college. I think he also college might be Yale. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the European P and Verizon Wireless want them so paired to give it those numbers out. I could just keep my guts all over the guy been console here. I could put my lungs out. Here it is, the 20th of October. And these people are just, there's power always and then you see this perp. That's why during the early on time, we couldn't buy an open line. Because the only two things they care, three things they care about here is alien and the Cuban crap is hitting the Cuban. Number two is the food crap and number three is Jews. That's why you had all the screws on fire. See if I was smart I'd talk about Israel again today. Oh no, I will not talk about Israel. I will not care about Israel. Oh you can't do that, God damn it. Well, it's just the way it is. Oh you should go there. No. No. Let us say it again if I want to see a tremendous number of Jews. I live in plantation acres right in your sunrise. All I had to do was drive about two feet wide. Oh, and if you all did do that lot. Well, I just could have a hockey game. And the answer is that that's what we got in there is about 90% Jews. Which is why it's real good planning over there. All you geniuses in the organization train all those games in and around the Jewel holidays. That's pretty smart. Anyone want to let nobody show enough. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, you're nearer. Yes sir. Man, I've got one. I've got another thing for you. You got pasta, where you go. Yeah, do my hot. Remember that? Yeah. Hey. Where do we get to go? Where do we plant it? Where do I lose it? Oh, I lose it. Oh, here it is. You got pasta on my head. Go, go. You need to put the bomb up. I've got a new twist on this one. See you though. I wish we. All right. Anyway, that week you were talking about the inadequacy in the doctor's offices. Yes. I tried to get through where I couldn't. The doctors are also seeing. That's right. But if you listen to that, she puts the lotion in the basket. But you see that all this woman is worried about is getting an appointment for this free. Yes. That's right. She puts the lotion in the bars. Well, I'm going to play it after the break. You're still ready. You can hear that. That's a good point. You can call it. She wants to decide. She doesn't mind if the guy is a criticism. I really want the body to see. And again, I'm telling him how much it comes. Hey, that's it. She just walks away. She's going to see through that man. People are in this year's 80s. All of them. Anyway, you have a good show. See you later. I'll be your spot by five six seven. Five sixty palm five sixty on the 18 p.m. Verizon Wireless One. We're just restarting. He's up a little knocking his smell up. Yeah, I started to get a couple of calls. That almost makes him sense all of a can't top their call from Naples. That was my favorite right. He was over. He was in the field of phone booth. Or maybe he was in the back. I don't know if I'd like to meet. But what else are they going to do over there? What do you think of a guy that goes to the vacation place? I don't want to pick up Scott Tom again. Because the food is great. And we did make up. And how come, you notice how fat boy hasn't dared to run. Lynn here since I've had a lot of him. He also don't want that fracking here that asshole. That was a new this morning. And finally, after we ripped him for days and days, lots of cigars. Not even a one to die like. Those are those big moniker kind. Why aren't you people please? I'm begging you. Tell our good friends. Look and Mike and all the people at Nick's cigars. I know what he shot there. But this guy just kicked him out next time. You don't give him any more cigars. He is feeling and probably saw that as you guys in three corners. He brought 10 from the box of 25. From the box of 25, which he left it to the other 15. And these are the moniker ones. They're big enough. You could use him for a guy being elephant to positive toward. That's exactly exactly. Which probably is what Frank has learned because he's all asked. It's crazy. The Neil Rutter shows you've spoiled trade you. 5, 60. You've got a few. And it's Friday. You've got a few. Everybody take you to the business room. No, no, baby. Take a village home. Yes, there's no senior, no junior. No, no, baby. Take a village home. No, no, no, baby. If you need it, you do. You just walk on a baby. You just keep going to the camera. Camera. Hey, you just give a fuck to me. You're the biggest hugger. There's a lot of stuff just repeating a piece now. I'm seeing them and show you. Because they want to keep recognizing 24 hours a day. About the catless. So usually they are starting democratic voters. But this year, many of them are going to be accepting and voting for W. Because of our Bosch and Nary ago, the fetus hugger. So when you generally look at the ultra rich and intolerant religious nuts. That's the bush crowd. That's what you are. You can do one of those categories. If you're like a monkey millionaire or you're an intolerant religious ass or a hit longer, there's your man. Just like your grossed woman in the debate. There he is. Dumbledore. Without the trunk. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, 10, 10 and Verizon Wireless Line. More than four lot of day. Hello. Yes, sir. I appreciate what you're showing everything. I have like what you say all the time. I don't agree with you. Always. But I just want to weigh in on the taxes idea. First of all, those need are those guys that I want to vote for. That's basically both suck that is right. That's extra sure. But the under taxes is the one thing that I do know is the money that goes to Washington and the more of it that goes to Washington, the more waste and the more corruption that there is. And we can get a little bit more back in our pockets. Yeah. And those two numbers that stick out with me. First of all, as far as the rich know where the other one. You consider being rich and almost on the opposite risk. I don't vote for selfish reasons financially. That's not a way to cash to vote. If I'm not there, I don't agree with you. I agree with you. I agree with you. First. Now, if you want a guy who's going to let his friends in big business rate in the public, say it again, the Philip Morris, the back of companies, the number one contributed to Bush campaign, number three contributors, the National Rifle Association, and number four are the pharmaceutical companies. If you want big business to continue raping, you're talking about putting more money back at the public, who is he caring? They're going to be raping the public. And not to mention perusing the environment. And do whatever big business wants to do. You must be right. I'm not voting for Bush leaders, but all I'm talking about is. Well, the money you talking about. No, on the taxes point, I think that in the, at least, is this tax plan, some of the money comes back to the people. And as an, as an, the other advice that I'm serious evening news, a non-partisan economic group, a business study on both plans and Bush's plan, if you wouldn't like it, which would never have to. But if you did, we'll put a stack in a deficit again. They were for eight years to get us out of debt. And now he wants to put us back in the red again. First of all, both of it has political credit with two at all over it. I mean, not a market of doing that. Listen, what I just said to you, you're not listening to a word that I'm trying. I'm listening to you, but I don't agree with you. I ain't done. What I just said isn't something to agree or disagree on, it's a fact. It's not a fact. Okay, thank you very much. It's not a fact. It's a fuzzy, a math again, numbers, fuzzy numbers. You're thinking fuzzy with your dear W chair, dude. Yeah, warm and fuzzy. Five, so this is the kind of guy that, yeah, I mean, how do you deal with a guy like this? I'm trying to have a discussion. He didn't have what he wants to say, what he wants. I'm giving him plenty of time. But it's not a fact. The fact is whatever this guy thinks, that's the fact. I didn't say that the goal was giving 100% equity. He's exaggerating to because it's like we said that's one of his specialties. Is his graduation? But at least his plan if enacted would leave a surplice. This is put to his end, that's us in again. Oh, yeah. Yeah, good answer. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. How five, seven, Richard Dawson, numberhood to your good answer. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Mobile implantation. Okay, must have died. Here's a lady, mobile and Western, hello. Find me out. Yes, man. I see me too. You know, the only thing scarier than Molly is the fact that one week later, Satan could get elected. And I've a listen and see him. I'm a fairly new listener. And I don't know whether you've brought this point up or not. But do you know that way how push flags about the agency? I'm going to see it now. Or flying, fighter planes or whatever the hell it was he did? Did you know that when he applied in Texas to be in the reserve, or the national rods? Yeah. There was a waiting list of 100,000, because nobody wanted to go to Vietnam and one wanted to in less. Right. And he got accepted the same day, but he applied this attack. And I'm not the that. When once he got in, he got a special, I forget what they call it, the Tom Ford. But he did without going to officers candidate school. It's not like getting nighted, but he became an officer. And the planes that he flew were planes that were already obsolete that there was no chance. He could ever go to Vietnam. And he flags about flying fighter planes. The Navy is coming. Well, I'm sitting sitting all the way to side. And the were always he in that one year. And Alabama, they were supposed to be the were was he. Everybody who was there, since they never showed up. Yeah, he said. I think he might be. Okay, why I'm not going to use horn anyway. 5.67056, the 18.560, I mean 18.510, and boys in nervous line. But he's going to bring honesty and peg with it back. I mean, he never said. He didn't do all that drinking and slurping. And he did to Uncle that year, they just forgot. You know, he forgot about him because he was forgettable. Honestly, and integrity, I've fed ass. Read my lips. No more bush. 5.67056, the pound 5.660, got four minute open lines here. Now on 40 minutes to go. Can we make it to the rest of the state? And we get to a clock with his dead head crowd. Oh, I don't think so. I really have my doubts. You couldn't get these bastards off their ass for a while, but money. Maybe the money part, you know. Don't be so stupid. Now they're not more than that. Not even worth their while. Here's a moment on the riddleings, hello. Hey, me on the face of a listener and I rarely call you because I grew with you so much I've just a few things. You mentioned earlier about the people who have Clinton helped go out. There's an article today and he's today's yesterday. Today we're doing a patch or a push and they get Clinton to go our hands. So that's going on right now. I just barely call a few minutes of yesterday. Just keep in touch with what's on and show on the MSNV C-show. And he was talking to the college kid that's in the mall. They met us up in Minnesota. And one of the polls is there. One of the facts that he stated was that the number of people running for office always increases the number of people who got who got to go. And he kind of need to have it. They had a church showing that the year the rock pearl was running. The polls, I mean, they're not the polls but the people who voted was just that there was unbelievable how much higher. The more candidates there are to run, how much how many more people who are over the polls have also. Yeah. I mean, you're not too into this year. No, well, but the fact that there was on a good life. Well, I bet. He was talking to the number of people who are all who are able to sell on debate. Because we're going to have the Republicans and Democrats on the debate. Yeah, but the fact is that parole is he was pouring double digits in the, in the, in the pairs back then. That's why he had a got him in on with the base because they couldn't keep him up. And they're just the biggest. The, the, native has never pulled more than 4% and you can and is just barely hanging on like the 1% or less. And you're, well, I mean, in addition to which if you're going to have an hour and a half to base and as fast as those things went by this time and as towards those questions, what can you imagine having a native and go to be cannon notes? I mean, you were doing anything from these guys. Not going to be. That would be true because of what people who who are talking about that. I guess like, since we're trying to say was that they need to change the rules, though, I've been number of people on the debates and stuff. But we just want him to walk in and take over that sort of thing. Well, and, and, and, and, and so, but not, but now, I'm a little familiar with the oil and the, I mean, a lot of people don't really have to put the bush thing, but crude oil, there's different kinds of crude oil. And it crude oil comes out of the oil, and it's for these, I mean, to grow out, to not an oil that would be using the United States. There's already crude oil being being thought out of the oil, because it's being sold to Japan. So that's the fact, and, and what he's trying to do is, yes, we all know as, as we say, is to help it to welcome these out to several crude oil. And I know that there would be some natural gas and come out of the oil, but that's it. The crude oil itself is not something that would be used here in the face. Well, they don't come in the crude oil, then, but you don't forget it. That's the fact. And how do you do? Yeah, let's, let's see if George W. We get a benerian, he can produce the whole country as bad as he'd done in Houston here the last day years. That ought to be nice. Anybody see that thing on the news last night? Oh, well, you ought to be watching, instead of got there watching, married with children and all of the stupid old reruns. Christ. By how do these people rot? Where is their brain? I'm going to say it again for the eight million times a day. 25% of 18 to 20 year kid, 18 to 24. It's some of your people out there. 18 to 24 year old are at least the one who is in the this year of the handful of them. They know the guy they names because they keep hearing them over and over again. And probably sick of it. And I'll listen to right now. Two bad. 25% can name both presidential candidates and 70% could name both vice-presidential candidates. Quite a way. CBS MTV, flicking pool, picking couple of days ago. You're having a embarrassing sentence. You're having stupid way I can pay to the rest of the figure. I mean, and the right to the figure, they actually not only understand about their own politics, their own whatever is going on socially, but they understand about what's like it like in Europe. They can tell you about what's going on all the other countries. We got a guy running for president here, prepared to tell you the guy they're never the Prime Minister of Canada. Much less Pakistan. Can't find courseable on the map. And admit this. Probably admit this. Never. Yeah, that's our man. He says something's we are. Jesus Christ. It's wanting to be done. They say even if it's a bus, I guess that there's a frighteningly large number of people in this country who are dumb. And it pretty happy about it. And I'm saying, yeah. There. I mean, of course you do be shows. You've never been able to believe that. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18, ten. In fact, that guy from Naples before to one in the phone booth with that bottom-up to the back of him, whatever it was, he's even. That's your middle American guy. Like those people most, focus focus focus groups. Well, I think that that bush guy. And what's that guy's name that bore? What's the name? They, I don't know, the book for a crap. Here's my name, hello. Yeah, hello, hello. Yes, sir. I was going, hey, I don't need to think you have a subject here, but I don't want to talk about the subject. Yeah, I call up on the sports show. Now, come up with a subway series. Okay, you go for, I'm more than happy to change the subject. But there is no subject, I'm sure. It's whatever you want to talk about, but not baseball. Not the guy being my sports nerd crap. You got 20 hours of rest of it. Thank you for the stupid, quick and subway series. And I heard Hank talking the other day about Donald Washington to put it game. I was home from school watching the guy named last seven news and that perfect game. I was up on, I want to actually go to the last part of that game. I moved my chair, right up in front of TV, said, I wound up practically standing on a chair, so I said, watching you'll be very quick that last pitch. They'll make sure they're called to strike. And you'll be going to have to hop up into Donald Washington's arms. Oh, sorry, shouldn't say that. And anybody who would compare what's going on in any kind of professional sport today, with back to your expansion, has got to be doing more drugs than these guys are on steroids. Let a great column of nearly tons about that coming back from Vegas about steroids. It's not just a juice that baseball has caused malice to increase so much. It's steroids. There you go. And of course, but why here a lot of people are talking about it. He's just ignorant because he finished his pitch right in. Silently golden. Compare these. My head is like people all packed like foggy, both carry socks, I can't air, Muslim. He had big deal of carry socks, like every one of his wins in his career. Was against the original 16th before all of his expansion. Patrick's gone every game he's played in HL because then post his badges. See at the bunch of graphings, roasted it. Oh, yeah, but he just broke that record. Yeah, great. I'm sorry for young people who never realized what professional sports used to be. Before we had teams in Batavia, New York and God damn misconnected him. And majorly teams in his salinity. And flushing Michigan, come off pointy so here. 21st past, no, the final 16th of a queue. It's the version in the basket. This is Debbie. Oh, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in going to Operation Star. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. There's one thing is some tummy tuck. And the lipolementation cosmetic press says that he says that all of these things. No, no. It goes wondering. Oh, he likes to do it. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No, could you do the best in France though? I can't be done. I'm not very good at it. The lotion in the basket. How much? 5000. Excellent. The lighter of my skin resurfaced too. There is a surgery. Have the lamb stopped crying yet, mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to be. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I want to see you first. And then I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that always here. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy? If you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Okay. There is a $100 consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information for you. I'm not going to use it. Why? I'm lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It's like a lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me that? Yeah. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Would you like to make an appointment? I've got my skin suit in the bottle. Oh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. Okay. Would you like to see a five-six year? I'm so curious. How's that permanent? Generally, what's cool for people in South Florida but you're the most? Children's 112. Any shape will be here. I'll proud of you here right now. It was human. What do you want to tell? I know Tom Schaffer is still alive. Dead. Tom Schaffer is dead. Jerry Wichner. Dead. Anyway, humans 112. 40%. But it is not even a consequence. It's a runaway. New Yorkers, 47, 18, and a half percent. See, we're still in 27. Wait a minute. Now it's getting really done here. One of them. Sorry. It's reloading. Like I said, two and a half percent. 10.9 percent. Price Canadian's 20, 7.8 percent. African-American's 19, only 7.5 percent. Red next 17. This point. This percent. Patients with 10.3.9 percent. And even though they're not completely shut out, they're still evidently the group in all those times. Because it's a good movie. I'm alive. You're making people really got two. So make them live a pair. And that's it. Another fascinating pool who exclusively on the New Yorker show, who also got such a work mind to come up with crap like that. Well, I know what this town's all about. If we were to ask a pro like, well, let's go up to your like. Most. They probably would have to put a space on there for none of their buckers or when he ends up like you're back to him. Here's your call from Fort Myers. Hey, we'll do that for now. Yes sir. Listen, I'm a lifelong registered Democrat. Maybe you can answer a couple questions. I don't even know my best shot. I'll ask if you and George W. Does that stand for a week? Week. Yeah. Or will. Week. Okay. That answers one place. And me all I mean, I don't know what to do. I mean, I can't vote for Bush. I mean, this guy. I mean, also go vote for a few times for board. Just hold your nose and do it. Okay. And if we're going to have another category, you're not about old people but can't drive. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll just tell you, you know, you get that nose to baby. Thank you. Okay. There you go. We had a call from Fort Myers. There's a guy. He didn't know what to do. And I told him about to. We said, okay. Yeah. I like that. Anybody else on the side of this call may. I'll tell you exactly where to go and what to do. Especially the way to go part. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. On the eighth. I mean, this is going to be closed. Don't get sucked in by that CNN thing. I can't really put it off on enough. They're trying to pull a little of your thing. That's what they're trying to do. They're trying to cross by, I guess. Whatever that's the sport of those young who stayed on here. Here's quote, give them. Say, hello. Hey, how are you? Okay. They should, you know, I want to think I'm going to tell you. I love these Paul Harvey S. sort of mid diet, tribe, segway as you do into your commercials. And, you know, you just don't miss a beat. Oh, he gives me a good laugh when I think I'm about to hear some more anger spewing from you. And then, suddenly, I'm hearing something about it. And great. Me. I'm going to let you know. Let's do it some little on show. And we have here a little bit about Pomp and O. Beach, like the second. That was a great evolution of the basketball. How about a beach section? Yeah. If that had me going. So, a couple of things. Classification, last night on David Letterman did you hear it. It was your long shun of the past. Yeah. But they hear what they did. I don't know. David Letterman. He was on my side. He had Bush on their life. When they were shown clips of that before, but with the audio or downpank guy. Oh, he is a mid compote. And he gets on there. And one thing he clarified, he tried to clarify, because I thought Letterman gave him a pretty good hard time. He had more hard time. Yeah. He asked him a lot of questions about the environment and brought up the stuff about Houston and the tax. Really? Yeah. He got brought up the old thing right away. He basically just said, don't you know, what are you trying to do? I heard a news story come out a week ago. I guess it was a joke. This always starts off the question. He was like, I assume it might have been a joke and had to many goes, you're not going to go up to our beautiful out of the go. So, we're trying to bring trucks in there and drill for oil, aren't you? And Bush does lock it. And that's, yeah, of course, you know, that's something that we are going to look into. And he says the current administration is already doing this. This is not something new. And he said, and we're actually going after natural gas up there and it burns clean and all the other garbage. So, he tried that because if he knew what he was talking about. He's already brought up the death penalty. And he says, you know, let him start saying, Conferia, Comfortable with the death penalty. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, how do you feel about that? So, basically, he regards the gates to the response he gave to that block. I mean, the question of the debate. He's not part of it, but, you know, I'm looking at seeing one can do. Right. I'm up over the line. Yeah, yeah, well, you know, I'm just saying, I listen to like taking it first of all, isn't it doesn't make any sense to the sky whatsoever to sort of like send a flag in a political way. Most politicians would have said, well, my opponent also supported. And then gone through a whole other explanation and steady starts talking again about how he's upholding a laws and then the letter would say, Now how many states have the death penalty? Bush didn't know the answer. He's a governor of Texas. Yeah. He doesn't know a lot of 50 states. How many other states have you ever seen? I mean, the guy who can't find Kosovo on the map and is part of it, you're expecting the most things out there. Because when you're starting with numbers, he's got that fuzzy math problem. How could he just, I can't even believe. I didn't see the show of a judge, so I said the best part of the show was when he asked him to be a question that he got stuck. I didn't just turn to order him and he said, You're gay? No. I'm here. Anyway, I could not even believe. I can't believe if it's that it's tied. It's just a fine way to get the flag on my mind. It's shocking. So anyway, I hope that Clinton, if it does, if they think it's going to help, or it'll be starts to stand above the guy because he said nothing up to this point. At least that he didn't know the whole thing. I'm going to go Clinton, Joe, for you. Let you go. Okay, thanks. 5, 6, 10, 10, 10, 5, 6, 50, pump. We'll see getting this is your, we'll see your jokes. We'll be on the facts. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you pump 5, 6, 60 on the 18, 10, Verizon Wireless One. Out of town, we actually had a call from Fort Myers. Oh, we can't go. We should've been in the guy from Naples that Dr. King Guy started, I was starting upside down in the phone booth. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, and 2. Or what am I giving that number out for? We could get calls from more than just Fort Myers. What ever happened, all those people used to come up, maybe that guy may walk you a call back again. Once good tell us about Hillary Clinton being a communist. 877-785-62345. I mean, every other Democrat female who got to be a communist, right? A man with two, next you water, swirly Clinton. You bet. How about Pat Schulter? She was a man, yeah, there's another one. She was a babbling idiot, but she was. 24, 1, and 5, 60, WQA. But Neil Roger shows, you'll support radio. 5, 60, you. A, I want to bang them in the back, please. No, some Washington, number Glockling Group, featuring Hellenore clips, Jack Jamahan, and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Cheeky Barber, now here's John McLaughlin. This is you, one, George W. Rames of Walt, Hellenore clips. Well, John McLaughlin, it's a... Oh, Jack Jamahan. Well, that's not a easy choice. Kingy Barber, I'm gonna have to say the book. Oh, I'm a natural answer. Oh, exercise. That was an easy one, it's John. Yes, it's you. Hell, though. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the punk of cats. Hell, Roger, I think it's Wal-Daw. Well, John, I'm gonna have to say it. Wal-Daw, Jacky Jacky, you've been Jamahan. Well, that's a very difficult choice. Oh, Ron, Kiki Barber. I'm gonna have to say, right. Not a choice, we teach Kiki Barber. You gave it to less than I was in a choice. Oh, correct, it's Tom. Jack, Kiki Barber. Next issue, the cast of big brothers should be murdered. Oh, hell, no. You're with me. Oh, Jack Jamahan. Dynamite. Oh, I'm Kiki Barber. I don't think they should be Kiki Barber. Oh, Jack, for answer. Boys and pudding. Bye-bye. Ah, the fact that you find it so funny, you've never seen that show. Now, somebody called me there was on an internet. Yeah. You must be the tape it or watch it because when you watch it, and have it in Huggers 400 times, who's gonna play at least 2,000 times a day, you have to have the pens on you. What you're playing, I'm serious. Because it's perfect. I mean, it's absolutely perfect. And of course, it'd be a little bit show. He's like, in middle of a sentence, time out. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. It's the best. Kiki Barber. Beautiful. Good work, guys. That's all crazy guys up in the woods. It's connecting a robbering rubber here. Here's South Miami, huh? South Miami? Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes, thank you guys for watching our number 40 hours last night. No, I did not. They were talking about women from the Middle East country when they've raised Shank to the family. One girl's got great, and they took her because she got shamed to the family. Right, that's correct. You did it? I didn't see, but I've seen that before. Yeah, I'm out of the area. Okay, head back, great. There you go. I rest my case. His name, baby. There is Islam. How's the Furikhan? You know, how come I didn't say that the other day? What is that under? Furikhan. Ganges Khan? Furikhan. Is that why next to Furikhan? It's day at like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people to take in the spirit of unity and understanding. Dear white folks, couple of things to ought to know when I'm born I'm black. When I grow up I'm black. When I get sick I'm black. When I go out in the sun I'm black. When I go out in the cold I'm black. When I get scared I'm black. And when I die I'm still black. But you my white man, when you fall on your cheek. When you grow up you are white. When you get sick you are green. When you go out in the sun you go red. And when you get cold you turn blue. When you get scared you turn yellow. And I have this time of my life. Because when white people die you turn purple. And you got the damn nerve to call me color. All the best I can say it's a shiver to go. It's probably the first one at 5. 60 WCMHN go over to come up with two. And of course the world famous. They have one set show. But thanks between the 5 and 6. You have a supposed to say that just right. Get the top feeling on there for the big guy. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hey Neil how you doing? Pretty good. You know what I mean speaking of guys from 4 miles and other parts of Florida. The boots from Luke's man. Whatever happened to one. The boots from Luke's. That's a color you had calling a while back. Yeah he's gone this evening. You mentioned something I kind of peeped me. Jerry Wichord died. Yeah. When did that happen? I don't think I'm going to go. Really? I don't think I'm going to go. I don't know if it's in the paper in the article. Didn't say what happened to you. Did you say you died at home? And that was really in the article. What did it? I know there was the phone guy. I know. Right? There was in both papers. There was in both papers. I don't know. And he died. He died. Oh I have died. Well I'm sorry. I didn't know. It happened to the best of us. Okay. So for my loss. Okay. Are you bereaved? Now you didn't even know him. Okay. You have a son that picked three 507 magnum raising. You're never had him come in and talk a little bit. The muffy covered hair piece. Talked about the hoochie. And trialing the jungle bunnies. Nope. Five, six, seven, five, six. The pound five, sixty. In fact, if you look up old redneck and predictioner, there's old years picture right there. Next to the tiff's mean dollar man. Here's a muffy on Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes. Our year's sir. I'm doing great. Another five. I love your poll question. I had a call on after I voted and let me know. Just give you my four five points as to how I voted. That's what I'm talking to. Even though I'm married to one. Five, four, five quick points. Alex Pinelli, Joy Corroyo, Gillian, and I guess the other one. He's living only 90 miles away from keeping up. But I guess we'll go with Jimmy Johnson, all of them are keeping. And that's how I feel about that. Yeah. Okay. There he goes. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Give those numbers again. You'll close them really good time. If you give them six hundred times today, it's about a half an hour. Kind of like Hank with all those people. You're taking up segment. Good job there, huh? Five, six, seven, five, six, six. We pomp five, six, six, six. On the AT&T and Verizon. Of course on the other shows the sports mode shows. They really have to give up the numbers. Because they have a succession of those people. What's your take on it? Vermont, uh, Wentfully your power pick into two games as we can. Huh? Yeah. I, I, I, I, I have the feeling of red ants calling in my echo. I'm asking for those idiots calling in. The strong app program. The strong, the very fibric. The lower fibric of this radio station. You can't complain about armors. I want to hear it. You can't complain about armors. I want to hear it. Because we don't have any. Here's a motherland baby. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Put your name good. That's good. Listen, you know, after last night's the bark along the ladder. I just don't know how anybody can actually be serious about even thinking about voting for this curry. Yeah. Yeah. That's just, it's unbelievable. There's just no way that you can even think of that remotely presidential. I mean, you go up again. You know, this is, I, but I will say it if he was on a runoff. Runoff would have just thrown him softball ball on a runoff. I got to end his a letterman. Really tough question. Yeah. Very direct. And maybe it just won't. Well, the letter was too busy. A second, I would dayn weather. We're telling him for a little, he came last night. So what else better, who I was sticking his chin out in the camera and nothing? Right. Right. But, you know, what I mean, really give, I mean, his cool girl bunch. Very direct. And I mean, his last night, you didn't take away from it. Like, there's, you know, I don't see after the last night, anybody in the right mind clear thinking, can actually pull the level. Oh, and only ask you this. Yeah. When you agree with me, because I don't know what to demographic. So I would assume that Letterman's number one demographic is Niels 18 to 24. When you're at least 18 to 34, when you agree with that. Yeah. Well, I think that's the thing, the case. How is it possible that we have all these 18 to 23 year old morons at it? Who can't even name both the candidates. And almost all of them can name either one of their vice-presidential candidates. Yeah. I'm sorry, you know, unfortunately, I broke the item list of the last thing you said. Well, I said they were done. All right. They're like, definitely. Maybe that's why they really told me they're done. Okay, I have a way to say it, breaking up. You're cracking up. Yeah. Yeah. It is, I know that I have a lot of company out there. People are very astonished. And then, in the last minute, the pundits talking afterwards. And they see, well, once again, I was 45 to 40. And the CBS police had go on the third debate. They were, it should have been like 85-15. One of the most partisan five-biscuit in my wing, I should have said, oh, yeah, George, you're one of them. And then, even I was, I heard the per on the debate shows that we're one of the debates in the next day, we're supposed to believe that now Bush is making progress in CNN, 12 of those keys 10 points ahead. We believe it. No way. I mean, you deal with people who are so immovable and intractable. And of course, the biggest part of the fact, it was the year we don't like you. I'll go back to it. That's a big part. So again, because everything on television comes back to one thing. Push an alibi. That's what it's all about. Push an alibi. And if anybody thinks that Bush, I mean, that a guy that's other dumb like Gromo Pile, they're here to go to the Bush now. They're dumb. Some who's digging America. They liked them. Shave them. Yeah. Oh, and there's a, they had a thing on him on the OSNBC. Has always been whatever it was the biographies. Like last week. And I watched it only only for one reason to see it. Yes. And they talked about how his career was nearly ruined by those scandalous rumors and the tablets about his marriage to our cousin. And then they hit him. I was really upset about that. And every idea just about ruined that in my life. But I just had a work come. I just ignore that. And they talked about the fact that he and mommy have moved to Hawaii. And he lives in Hawaii now. They're doing the course of the show. They made some passing comment about some broad that he worked with and some show that he allegedly was dating at the time. And I said, yeah, yeah, five, five, five, five. It's like a look at that. Yeah, you got a leader. And I got a leader too. Let's see what we can do out there. Yeah. There's a mommy. He's 125 years old. He's living with mommy out there in Hawaii. Why is it that all the little cring? I mean, all of you are like a jack-lord. He was out there in Hawaii. And he's out here in Hawaii. And he's out here in Hawaii. And he's out here in Hawaii. And he's out here in Hawaii. He'll come to clean. Anyway, who cares? 255, well, I know the light winners care. They care a lot. They care a lot. That's it. Like I said before. They care about penis baby. That's their thing. That's why they're into the gun so much. It's not going to the foul extender. I guess when you don't have one, you got to have a substitute. Excuse me. I don't know. I can make some instances of comment about you. I wish you probably even though there's a tag on. Probably had a very tiny, almost invisible penis. Because that's why I had that big, 257 magnet in the air. And then they're all times. And then the gun too. It's a substitute. The man thing. It's like, see, I don't understand the guy. It's like golf. It's a guy thing. Guys go out and play golf together. He was going to understand it because you're not a real guy. And that's right. That's absolutely right. I don't understand the reason guys go out and play golf. I can't imagine anything more boring. They go out and, you know, pause with guys. Well, all the pun in what they look like. Huh? For 56 at 560 WKU. If not just go on the tour hour, it's a phenomenon. I wish you would feel that he's here. I wish you would feel that. One of the people that brought you music to love Sue and music to cuddle Sue comes a new CD to add to your collection. Time life presents music to beat your wife Sue, featuring Rick Spray Sue. What I did is have Sue's love to like that. Oh, come on. Come on. Let's hear what that is. When it's time for dishes to come correct, do what the real Hick wife feeders do. Listen to Rick. Call time life music today to order your copy of music to beat your wife Sue. Operators are standing by. We are the two of us. How do they look pretty good to me back in those old days? What I wanted five, well, not a guy's look good in those old days and um, what happened? When it happened to WOT560 WKUM, liberates man faces the fact that his dead needs a little folks home. He takes poppin and meets with the nurse who wants to be a physical. The sunlight's out in a hall for his dead. The nurse finds your man having a very large erection and quickly climbs the board from the old part pony ride. Your men finishes his gr without the hole and tells the son, hey, my boy, this nurse just screwed the order and hell out of me. This is going to be great. The pump says, go ahead and sign me in. Old man's sag is down the hole and all of a sudden he follows. A big spark to orderly jumps on his back and bangs the hell out of the old timer. Five minutes later, he looks up for the son. This time he's reasonably upset. The son says, damn what's wrong? You've just got sex from a hot nurse to work today, replies, hey pal, I just held on in the hall on a big black orderly banged me in the butt. I have an erection two times a year but I fall down ten times a day. Find 650, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. How's that perk coming? They're so glad you asked. Generally, which group of people in South Florida have done you the most? Children's 137, 44.5%. New Yorker is 61, 20%. Senior citizens are 32, 10.4% fresh Canadian, 248% African American 217% Redneck 18, Haitians 12 and Jamaican still have only. Yeah, I'm up here only two. He needs to have people to get their supply cut off for the weekend. They'll bugle a buddy from their Jamaican friends. Now they're good. Except for the imperial's hospital, would you make him win? Well, yeah, I'll win. I'm gonna go out of the way. It would be nice. Here's a mobile call of spring, so long. No, what's up? How you doing sir? I guess I'm not looking to talk on to that. I thought going on to that, you had an onion, but anyway, listen, I'm in the age group. You keep mentioning between the ages of 18 and 24. Yeah, I do. No, who both of the candidates. What's your hand going on? Excellent. Yes sir, because I listen to your show. What I wanted to ask you, well, educating the young people of this country, I totally think. Hey, we got you up on a cell. What I want to ask you is whether any of that rolling phone or a ghost is like I got my first copy of the day on the bullet subscriber. Now I haven't seen you. Well, they have to go on one part and this kind of split a fight my vote for him. And they have to know what do you think of him? He says, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't have a lifeline. So they put a five mile vote for the war. Okay. Excellent job, pal. All right. Round up man. We need him. Okay. Those young ladies go up and up all his young friends. They're kind of more religious to the vote. Anyway, maybe that's the maybe see this couldn't be a method in their madness in Fort Lauderdale because if they can't be out there drinking up the storm, you know, go to those bars and clubs and maybe they can get up early in the morning. Go ahead and just you go to the voting. You're not too late this time. What do you think? Is that a good idea? No. No. We hate you. I thought you'd vote Lauderdale. I want you to know that right now. We despise you like poison because you're turning all about chatting into a little folks from all of a sudden, bad enough that we had, you know, all these, I don't want to say pockets. Sun wise lakes and tamarack and margate and so many God damn places where they average ages death cemetery village. I don't want to mention stealing hills. Oh, I'm stealing. I'm stealing roads. Where the average ages of 110 and I'm other fields like a teenager. I don't want to mention that. But God forbid we should have anybody under the age of a hundred in this town. God forbid, we don't like you who want you out of here. We can't stand it. That's the message. And don't expect the politicians to go to bad for it because you're not voting. Here's Cuba's game. Hello. Hey, no. Yes sir. How you doing today? All right. And I got on your phone. I couldn't find the Irish on there. No, yes. So I voted for the Cuban, anyway. Okay. Hey, listen, you made a statement earlier that kind of left because he is. I hate the Irish. Yeah. You said that most Catholic generally vote Democrats. Yes. All right. So I tell you what. I've been around the country, but I guess I don't know because he is well as you do. No, that is in mind. I mean, that's a fact. They've had all kinds of stories about that. Not just on CNN, but in the research. I mean, that's just traditional Catholics that would be more democratic. Well, the Catholic's out here did not vote Democrats at all. But however, most Hispanics who also are Catholic vote Democrats. So, you know, the Cubans are not represented in Hispanic vote in this country. So that's why I clarify that the beginning. I don't know about the rest of the country, but it's funny because I know a lot of, for lack of a better word. I mean, there's a real white, real red, black, real red Cubans. But I know a lot of real red Cubans. They draw it to me. I seem to be a way to show I keep this came when they eat lunch. It's, I mean, it's unbelievable. So I've gone for a bus. Yeah. And I like what's he going to do? Well, you appear in the Heraldis, more in the FIU poll. In local Cuban vote, who will you vote for in the November elections? Brewer 15% or 64%. 64% 15% in the rest of the country. That's in the Herald today, huh? Right. I haven't picked it up yet. But if you bring watching, I guess. I don't know what they're doing. Of course. Everybody who said a lot of the telegram is coming. They're coming. They're coming. That's right. And now they had the LA on playing. And even though they were going to go to the side, they took it like you. And they made a mistake because they're just like I said back then. They're not going to vote for anyway. That's what actually actually, they connect him with Boba and with the Janet. We know that there are four of the other companies. And therefore, we've got to vote against them. Plus, they're getting all the propaganda. They're Spanish language radio stations 20 hours a day. It's as they swear that they just can't think of themselves. Yeah. They shouldn't be allowed to vote, actually. Anyway, that's just why I said to you. But they do. Right. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Okay. There's two of those. You use your, I'm not about all charges. I don't know about that. But all the people generally tend to vote because it's what I'm still going to do. But I don't know. I'm just having to be with the police. It's a big deal. So big thing. But I'm going to call it through. I made. And then we go, well, let's go to the clubhouse. And let's get that to another thing. You know, there's, and these people live in the, these kind of compressions. They're voting places usually the clubhouse. Right inside the complex. Some, and when Jesse then told was on that time with the king, I forget who else was on that panel. A few weeks ago. And they asked them about to make a voting election day at holiday. And everybody was on it. So that's really correct. How can you possibly make people go to work on a day and then, and then, and allow a force will happen from the 7th to 7th. Well, that's not the point. There are a lot of people on their way to work at 7 o'clock in the morning. A lot of people don't get out of work till 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Now, everybody's got to push a three hour day job. But we got here. 5 minutes day job. So just keep making it. And then, of course, the other screen is, well, let's go on the unit. You know what I said, but I, I'll be a good idea. Anybody with ever conducted a pro on the unit, like you know, I'm in sure, or anybody else out there trying to collect, no matter how hard they try to make it for somebody to be persistent, there's always a bunch of wise punk stuff that it was going to be persistent. Right? Right. So the idea of letting answers vote on the unit is a bad idea. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the 18th, 38, rise and wireless line. Red, shick, jot. Gentlemen, closing statements. You began Senator Reuben. Um, Bernie Algo and I are committed to making America's public schools and the public schools, and I have tried to be very hard in my career. So back in the way that brings down the institutions of government and each of us in the good joy. And for a while, I was doing a lot of pedasso and the deeper I got, that I was not Senator, thank you, sir. This is Secretary George Bush. It's a good man, a non-abblem man, a man of high taxes, and a bunch of no one would form the social security system so that some of your cities and suffer this murder in the first great president. Secretary of State Reuben, we thank you. All right, that's going, Bernie. 14, 25, 6, good WDQ, I'm a real and long singer song here on a wonderful Friday. The dollars of 54 points, the next act of a non-90 points. Aye, we do it. Can we hang out of this for another three hours and have two big days in a row? No, at least two decent days in a row. I told you if you just sit back and you hang on in your patient. Haven't I been telling you that? Well, you've been living with nutrition ass. If you were in for the long haul, man, George, see now George wants to start getting into stock. So you got a couple of bucks and you finally do it. And I do mean finally got this bonus and finally got the extra money supposed to get to do it in the shorter and in the summer. Well, I was having my great vacation. Finally got that money. And that was the other part of some other stuff. Oh, the teller. Yeah, the teller. Yeah, the teller. Yeah, right. For the other part of this one, a month ago, and the one's gone. Finally got that. So now you've got a few bucks, you know, to the one in this pocket. He wants to be a day trader. He says you can be a day trader. I'll be a day trader. That's a year crazy. Don't do it. He started to watch the tickles that see and you see on an air all day. That's we all have done a question. And of course, he could be the most dangerous because it's obvious. He knows absolutely nothing. Now that's like over the track when you know nothing, those are the guys that, you know, he cash on the 90 men of one show. We got it through within another. Yeah, like track through this. There you go. That's your track record. And so now he wants to buy a motor wall. He wants to buy a couple of shares of this. He wants to get a marriage rate of cow and what those stupid things there. Yeah, it's one call up for what's his name. That's the camera store, cops store and why the way the future. Oh, that's what's that. That would be a good question. Who does that better? Stood or Brian Andrews. Oh, that's pretty tight. That's something Brian probably is though. Here's Margie. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. You know, I'm, I'm going to remind a long time ago. He's the base where we've actually meaning was to me because my main issue is never to let the Supreme Court fall into the hands of the likes of DJing's Kennedy and the right. And people who's speaking in tongues. Like in the Scalia. Yeah, you know, apparently it's a different country. Like 60 million people in the United States that are speaking in tongues. Yeah. Now let me say this. As far as the country is concerned in the oil situation and the environment. I'm very much sure of pro environment. However, we've boxed ourselves in over the years by not developing real certain sources of energy. Absolutely correct. And I think that it's special. And why do you think that is? You think it's because of the big girl company too. Oh, of course. That has to get their money back for all the exploration and all the investments that they've made and maximize their profit if they wish they didn't have a week ago. You know, something Leo, that's a move question. But at this point, it's not important because the thing is what I want to say now is that with poor winds and I hope he does. Not because I have so much respect for the men because I just want to see this country stay out of the hands of the religious wrong. We're going to have to do our own drilling up here. And it's going to have to be really regulated very heavily about the federal government. Yeah. This is something that I'm in favor of because we have to go. Well, if you watch TV, it's not you would have seen the threat if you have the Arabs now have over us as far as the oil is concerned. Even the ones, the moderate Arab countries that's still doing business with us. Well, you know, what have finished off Saddam over there? Yeah, you've got, you've got, you've got, you've got, you've got, you've got the, how much who are taking over the Islamic front of every sheet. How big your rack is on the map and how much oil they've got. Yeah, but you know, I think it's a, a Saudi Arabia, all these other countries in a very short period of time. Just the, are going to be in the hands of the extremists. And that's what I mean, the end of oil for the United States. So we better get on this quickly. But it's, are starts rolling now. Make sure that the government has full control over it. Yeah, all of this ground by a lot of students or one of the other. I don't want to hear, so he's so a woman, do human, so he's pressing and so pessimistic that I made a blow to some of these brains out. I'm mine, but, you know, This guy is, or this kind of, this relax. I mean, here it is the weekend. We had a lot of a positive note and it's the question time. That's how Florida, for you see, it's this business of, I'm very pessimistic. I feel I'm very, I'm very, I'm very, I'm very, I'm very, and I want you to share with me. And of course, our answer is no. We want to keep it up beat. Keep it wide down. Keep it wide. I want to thank guys, that might not. Probably five, six, seven, five, six, eight, I mean, he's just a bit late. How five, six, you on the AT&P and twice or more of us. On the West Coast, we're back on again, the Shah from my, We had two pretty marginal calls from over that, West Coast today. Got our new people for the hood. 877-785-62345, it's toll free, we pay for it, and they still got nothing to say. All those good little folks over there in the West Coast. Here's Keepa's game, hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Good to meet you. I want to those, number one, that people are voting for. And well, those Cubans are losing South Florida. Yes. Let me tell you, let me tell you, today, this area of our car, that's who's the head of the Republican Party, spealing on W, whatever the radio, my, whatever, about the morality of Clinton that I, how immoral this guy is. Yeah. So I called up, you know. So I'm so sorry, you know, I called us whatever. And remember when you hit that lady and you killed her and you would grunk and you were high on coke and you sped away. But immediately they hang up, and that's the fact that the guy about ten years ago you got that drug driving, high on coke, hit a woman killed her. And that's the way to come up. And that's the way from the, from the scene of the accident. The scene of the accident, right? Yeah. But you know, and if you listen to this Cuban radio station, I'm a, I'm a Cuban. I'm embarrassed. Yeah. I'm, I'm totally, I don't know, but I can understand. It's unbelievable. The other day, some lady called up and said, how go, when he was in Vietnam, didn't he have a, was an here photographer? And they said, yeah, well, maybe he was selling the picture through the Vietnamese. And they, instead of the radio, I'm really, we saw naked pictures of Jan Fondens. Yeah. But anyway, it's so, you know, I call on another time I said, you know, Bush and Reagan were president and vice president for 12 years. What the hell did they do about the dog Castro? Tell me, how, how we better off, when they were, and not not only that, but which of the two parties has always been the most of the media, as far as illegal aliens in immigration policy is concerned. And that wasn't a Democrat, so it's always been a big Republican thing. Psychotic about immigration. Absolutely, but it's so no mind if you know, I, and I deal with my friends here, and they think I'm just left winged, we're out there in left communities. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're throwing hands up. I said, you know, guys, look at the facts. Look at these. Look at the picture. So you know, if you look at the facts, they have an open mind. You're doing with people are so intensely brainwashed and they keep hearing it. They keep reinforcing it on those radio stations. They're not going to quite a minute. They're going to be trying to make sure, you're wrong. You're not going to do it. That's what my dad used to say. That's the reason that we hear and casual dying in power. That's right. You know, there's no sense. There's no feeling. Yeah, absolutely. Good luck, pal. Okay, thanks. There's 20 or 30 times. Are you, are you, are a children's up there? There are many of you who are going to vote for Gore, or hate bush life position, and aren't part of that right wing, pernoids, I closest. Both 20 or 30 times each and pet even it out. Because 60 or 15 bush to go in the local Cuban community is not exactly what you call either, but even it isn't either playing field, but not even. That's what we got to contend with because this is flur. And that course you got all the mugbump silver down the rice coast. We don't have that going to vote most of them. Here's Hilya, hello. Hilya, how are you? Okay, sir. Yeah, I'm my family from Cuba too, and I feel just like that other guy feels not feeling embarrassed. I'm just by the majority of Cuban staff here. And I just, as far as I'm concerned, there's just from another planet, a beans from a planet. I'm very unfamiliar with it. And secondly, have you ever seen how these old Cuban parks go to vote down here and what happens when they go to vote? They've got the Rosand Rosanna, Dan, Ross Lightning, and Lincoln Bears, Big Mel, and all the rest of their crony have operatives at the voting booth. And they're giving these people papers and they're explaining to them exactly how they have to vote. But shocking thing, I've never seen anything like that before. They tell them exactly how to vote. It's like these old parks aren't even going in there and exercising their own discretion. It's a washing gown on a regular water. Yeah, there you go. I'm really capable of shocking. Yeah. And there's far the color, the color that was on the floor, I entered. Yeah. That all the penisting we haven't really done anything. We have to also look at our own behavior in this country. We haven't helped ourselves up by buying so many SUVs. I, you took the Rosada, my mother. They're talking about how dangerous they are in about the firestone pirates. But in the meantime, you know, what they first could not were there, she means that the Rosmas be really economical. And come to fight out to do all bunch of gang scuzlers. Absolutely. Actually, I grabbed my two core of action. People would take what you're at. So bigger, I've been racing a sports car probably a gang scuzler. I get almost 26 miles through a gallon on the highway and average between city and highway, or we try miles again. You know, we, we as a country are very spoiled people. Yeah. And we think we can have our cake and eat it at the same time. But I mean, you have to act responsibly to. And, and I mean, like, you know, resources are scarce in the world. And we consume a lot of those scarce resources. That's correct. Gas goes up a few cents for screaming. Meanwhile, on Europe, they pay almost five bucks. And not on the, the approximately five dollars a day. They use that to finance their national health care too. Which we don't have. And finally, because I don't want to take up too much of your time. It's W. They're George W. H. Washington so much. They're rising dying so badly to go there. Good point. That's a little bit of a fail. Thank you. Yeah, he forgets a big government, but he wants to do the ringmaster. Now, what is that that you just thought of? And they were all that's filled with a printer cable for the printer. But, uh, especially here today. It's got to be out in the hall in the box. The printer that's going to be here, you know, a new printer and that's what's going to be. A printer and a fine fraction of shatter. Oh, it's going to be here today. All right. That's a good thing. We started to make some progress in spite of the rest of this company. That just needs oblivious and we'll provide us with absolutely nothing. I want to spell sound. I'm grateful, okay. But, but you look at here's our TV set with what we're not, which we have no contact with the rest of the roof. So that one thing is going on. We've never had any opportunity. I mean, it is now. It's not great. We have no contact. And the VCR and the satellite dish, which we've only had to worst buy, to Joe's works satellite. Did Joe's a little satellite. And of course, the TV and the VCR given by the coast, personal friend Jeff Cohen from the Pizza law. It's a little my VCR. And then, of course, we got the little fancy schmante, which I bought with my own heart and money. Even after losing my ass and Vegas, there are a few cents for our third book, It's about a great new Printer-Sliced Facts machine. And on an honor of the coast. Because there's a huge issue of computer already? No. That you bought. Oh, that's right. And the computer that I bought there, that's right, which allows us to do these Pores and make it a fun part of the show. That's right. I forgot about that. I was soon there for a good. But I bought. But whoever heard of a company, you know that bragging about, well, I was very responsible and there's no truth that those rumors about the show. Well, how do you people kidden? When they hired me to come here today, I would be coming. Was going to be do-yourself ready. Oh, we're going to build you a state of the art studio. Oh, yeah. I graduated state of the art Bozo, baby. State of the art my ass. So basically, it comes to the point of spend. But there's much I can handle. I can afford it, but you didn't have to do it. Thousands of dollars, so that we can have a studio here. That's getting close to being a real one. Nice going, Greg. But, uh-huh. 206011 at 560 WQA. I'll be a Roger show. Just sports radio. 560s. 2A. It's Friday, you best. 2A. I'll be in the office. 3A. I'll be in the office. 3A. 4A. 4A. 4A. 4A. 4A. 4A. 4A. 4A. 3A. 4A. 4A. 5A. 4A. 4A. 5A. 4A. 3A. 4A. 4A. 4A. 4A. If we assum breathe we rise always resoul That's where anyone here's a bulletin, they believe we got some big, weighty on news here. Stratuselsin. From inside and weighty-o. And this is yesterday's, it took a whole day to thank you, River Facts, this to me. These are promising a hundred million dollars yearly expenditures to grow the group. With a growl of becoming one of the top five groups in the years ahead. Not too many people are buying it. Public companies have been pro to make big promises for public consumption lately. Not based on reality. Last week, sources say, these we can never become a top five group only spending a hundred million dollars a year. Salem has also been, uh, bishing up to 68 of promises as well. Hundreds of stations, many of which will not be religious stations. These traditions might have been more believable year or two, except for clear channel and biocom, a lot of times the public money is not available now. Let's work with stock target prices are dancing between the grocery bankers who can stimulate buying or setting a video stock in-way tailspin. And these last time I checked over here on our screen is, yeah, and even. Huh? Are those still in there? No? No. I think, is that a one of them version because you had an opportunity to use money back when it was 15 and changed? Did he sell it? No. No. He's waiting for about three. He's waiting for gifts about two or three. How do you like that? So a risk will fit in again, more pie in the sky trying to get to a con people in the blue in the FDR or something that they're not like, broad chantries. Five, six, seven, oh, fine. Look at this. The next X up 102, they lose. Yeah. We still got two and a half hours to go. It'll get carried away. But not a shot. We got a shot like Jimmy said. Look what happened to his team. Two days in row, the downs up 74, the Aztecs up 102. Maybe we'll turn the quarter. Maybe we don't have to go back and retest those loads. Oh, and the matricers are going to be such an asshole after all. What do you think? Oh, yeah. See, who's the one who are so impatient? Why can't you be like me, panic? Panic people. I have a full axe. Was I ever panicky at any point during this, now? No. Ever since March, when I've been losing money, handle over the win, please. No problem. As a matter of fact, if you took forward low-task stocks out of that, three of them, out of my portfolio, shickrich, zero-ox, which has a lot of evolution for such rich pathways. CTXS. Okay. XS has an in-excess. I have an excess of one-shill, which is too much. But anyway, in this TV, in other-skith, XO, you took those three out of my portfolio. I'll probably lose my ass. But not that bad. Not that bad. It just got a happy wish that for three, please live too. Two of them, thanks to my Church of course, who brought me the shickrich and then doubled down in Tripodam and at this TV. In their course, zero-ox, which is a great trip from the members from my career was brother, who's in the Pono business. Well, they do make copying machines, you know? Which is what I demand out there for that stuff. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, what's up, big news, Lord Norr? All right. Yeah, I just want to go ahead and touch on that. Take a touch on it. Yeah, the belief in God to me is the root of everybody suffering in the Ignorech. You know, the minute you take a literally, and you can't see that he's an expression of man in the longing and that's a relation. That's when you have trouble the ignorance. You see what I'm saying? Yes, I know. And basically, that's what I want to touch on. There is no heaven and hell. There are God's lives and that lives. By being in which life is bad. That's the moral thing to get in here to his side and all. Pretty simple, right? Okay, that's it. That's what you should all pray for. There you go. Very simple. Soon on home, live in North Lives. Which, of course, the right way, in that case, is can't do it because there's a physics protecting everybody else from their imaginary hysteria. In the meantime, it'll push like the Catholics, they're appreciative of them and the last thing all the other boys, but they don't confuse them with the fans. You notice how there's never other than high theory and anger. There's never any response to that. Never. It's like Bush trying to respond to those questions. He does it's just back in the corner, said with the general values. And he's a, you know, for people for small government and the other say, more character cliches. Because when you have something that's very embarrassing, you know, if I put there right in front of your post, you can't possibly do it with it. So you have to obfuscate, which somebody is for a woman to tell on what it means. Bush can understand the key education issue in Texas asked about those 2,000 years. But in the end, I thought in 1999, interview Bush said there are too many strings. I can't cite you the strings. I was just told there's too many strings. In November 1999, Bush was asked them in the leaders of force, the civic international hot spots, checked the attackers and Indian Taiwan. The only name it could produce was the leader of Taiwan. Bush also characterized the clenepackers and is good news. In June 1999, Bush spoke at lunch about his meeting with the leader of Slovenia and response to reporters question about Slovenia. When the speaker was pointed out Bush said, just because I missed pronounced the name of a country, doesn't mean I don't know how to read. I mean like that. Relicose on and on. And these are just scripts of the time. He wants things about growth, no matter how much you dislike him, which most people do. And no matter how or wouldn't he may be. And how for a crap here at the orphanage, the fact is you couldn't say he's in our particular, or that he's uneducated, or that he can't speak. Benjamin, who's this isn't making steps to the tongue. He is genuinely legitimately dumb, as stupid, okay? Not to mention of course, he's a little lovely in all about his substance and his problem that we're just can't seem to find out too much more. Little bit of a say, yeah, that's right. And if there wasn't any more, how can we roll into the question? And so the question Mr. Perinoia, that's our response. I still say let's dig up Liji Acab. He gets the answers out of them. There's a mobile in Miami Beach, huh? Yeah, weeps over on a lunch and the cup. And I'm gonna hang in there. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. How about those maple leaves, baby? I really want to game all right. Nice growing Matt Sandean, nice going crude Joe. Four one run over Edmonton, why don't you start thank God. Stop the bleeding. I tell you who's looking off, where you're off like you. They said the action coming back in their deepest tension. I like crap about they in the room, listen, and when my gut you're in. Back in season, how did the player in Ottawa is looking just awesome. There's really looking down on them. And all the way, nice come back by the penguins last night. I'm going boys. Here's Miami, hello. Mayo. Yes sir. Me and my whole family are voting for both, okay? Yeah. Oh, not a car, okay, wait, we're happy for it. You and your whole family, you mama. Twenty two and four two and five six year. And thanks by the way, for listening to Heidi Ridd and your Rogers of Fashist Hour. Yeah, I'll refresh your standard shelf. Yeah, we like the Tuesday Fashista. We like most BCS, Lazio though, whatever the hell is named. All done, that's what was the quality of the spot on is, which Masa Head. Oh, yeah, very close. And round one, so. Five, six weeks. We have. I'm a spot. Julie, be a lot more bold. So you know, I'm not going in. And a long go, he ain't feeling food. I know, I know. I know. Yeah, but that's because the court too strategy. And if they know that, you're bound. Now, you get the earth that he might see fall it down. What would be worth falling on this town? Does it have a paper leaf? That's a piece of paper. That's a piece of paper. That's a piece of paper. And no, no, no, no. And no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. A lot of, no, no. And you're right now, this is the Fashista, which I'm ready to progress. Foul good. Foul good. Foul good. Foul good. Foul good. Foul good. Foul good. Ah, though, too. We got this, too. It's a stupid duck, too. Oh, that's a good idea. Oh, that's a good idea. Now, here's Bima Dr. Ladies and gentlemen, I am Dr. Machi, type from Columbia, and I'm here to lead Georgia, but I had a very good CF today. Thanks. Yeah, put that down for a whole couple of months and two honor you, Jackass, who has a lot of good, but vagus knows in my hands. Nice going, Doc. You're on your show, Steve. Yeah. Arial Waltchewed Cases, get the Christian School of Fendons, a gay activist. He's a case. Reason eight and a half million dollar gift from Arial CEC, the USD Cases live June, to a high school alma mater in four water rails, raised the hackles of the exhibits across the nation. Reason June, Cases on the water is Westminster Academy, the Christian School of Fonded by X-Gain Movement Leader Duck, a D-Games Kennedy Accorverage Minister, X-Gay, that's like X-Black, X-Guish, X-White, X-Human, or yeah X-Human, that's Dr. Kennedy, all right. And how is that that doption guy doing? And he's buddy, yeah, oh, you know why I showed a preview of it? I guess I'll play it a minute. What have been perfect? See, I'm stripping my old age. Yeah, for the troubleman, the troubleman who had a little extra marital fair, James Dawson's right hand man, a little speak. Five, six, seven, five, six, you know the rest. Here's some, buy some, oh. Hey, are you doing this? Pretty good. Hey, um, about Bush. Do you think that Bush choose Jamie or Jamie chose Bush? I think Daddy chose Jamie. Exactly. I think he said, okay, I will go with it. Move body things, um, whatever you say that. Yeah, I think that WD is just usually in the Apuppet just to figure it in. Exactly, and when he goes in, okay, George, here's what you do. The name of this country is, um, right, actually, that's exactly right. If I did anybody bring some maps, and somebody will show them how to read it. Two movies to watch this week, and if you have the chance to go to the video, um, store, scopes. Okay. You saw that? No, you see it here? No. Very, very good movie. It touches on all friends of Barney El. You don't want to talk about it. Yeah. And, um, lap, temptation of Christ. Okay. I'm going to jump for the illuminati. I'm going right now. I'm going to see my buildup of the friends. Okay, see. Yeah, why can't I try a lot of them come and share and have those of the guys and your buildup of the night. And, of course, don't forget about the, um, patients, perium, uh, Janet. Huh? The nations with that too. What is what the secret him share can be if they're bringing the hair with it, bring with the things, uh, if, in fact, some of the machines have a ring on their thing. Like, like Carlos, he's got a ring on everything. And Joe Custell says, oh, I don't want to go in it. Not one Friday. That's so close to the weekend. Oh, I think you may have a point, Joe. Here's Kendall, hello. Kendall. Is gone? Oh, what a sad break. How about 10 of you, hello? Yeah. Yes, sir. Uh, you familiar with that show on Wednesdays, uh, the what the, uh, the what the, No, I don't want to check that. No. Anyway, I don't want to not, I don't want to never work, uh, stuff, no. Anyway, uh, they, they had a skit on there where they were addressing radio personalities. And they were more or less looting to, uh, Dr. Laura, Uh-huh. Where he dressed to a woman. And he said, aren't you the one that's in power on short, homosexual? That's too bad. Yeah. And he said, well, uh, it's in, I don't hate him. It's in the Bible. And, uh, homosexualities in the Bombination. So he started looting, uh, quoting from the Bible himself and saying, uh, a bunch of stuff. The last thing he said was, uh, uh, it also says in the middle of it, uh, something about enough, of touch of that piggy. Mm-hmm. Does that mean that the Washington Red skin should have, uh, blood down on the clay? Oh, well, very interesting. Yeah. Don't tell that to Ali Sherman, and most of the Jewish coast, or the, maybe, it's probably where they had a good out. Anyway, uh, I guess everybody forgets that George Bush went down and uh, went to Panama to arrest the guy and got a lot of American skills and just got wiped out the clay. It was a lot of things that were changed and partially the whole hemisphere didn't. Anyway, go go. Okay. I just can't stand that for that. Yeah, that's, uh, which Dr. Laura, came out for her. She put that big apology at it, if anybody buying it out was manufactured for a few minutes, ten times worse because everybody and I was saying, 50, you on, you're showing off 30, yeah, I'm telling you about 40, but four weeks can try to apology because she's trying desperately and sort of the people behind her to save her ass and keep that show on you, which is not going to work. So it was one of those, I was talking about truth and packaging, I remember that one morning we turned on her, she had the dog crap on the floor and her studio. There you go. At least she's honest about it, the first show was too unadulated, whether it's from the dog or an animal or human or anybody else. Non-stop, babbling crap. Yeah, there you go, you can smell it. If I wait for a smell of a video, can you be able to smell back to Laura? Right over here. If she's still on, which I doubt. See, I see, it's a member of similar areas. I hate to say this, but they are intent to make sure it's valuable. Two thousand less times in and out you see it at Leza. which means Joven should be on, you can come tomorrow morning and go ahead, you will be facing it out of the RRR, that you are always there once before you could see no matter what you like, all you can all die through this is a fine enough job. This is true for thenчee. Anyone else? You haven't heard of it yet. It's a little strange. It's a funny question at the event of the Federal South America arbitration on the field in the UK that's a bit round, but it's up to 1,800o coffee and some sort of clothing is. That's true. You know, we did always rumble. That was two weeks earlier. Yeah, we were wrong and it was a bad thing do now. I'll be sending me in place those guys I mean those gay people and we can't afford to be bigots. How do you like that? Can you use two levmen? Well, I hit on my show back and those let's go back to topics. What you say? Oh, yeah Come on. Let's get to Marabas on here. Oh, let's get holy Joe on here again and rip his hand. Oh, yeah Those are the girl days baby the days with the topics and the guests Yeah, that's what I say Joe Carlos as Carlos is still a peace of mind this is heavier Oh you fly people about watching When they're not fair enough, they're keepin' them doing But I'm not fair enough, some say he's been left They're not so soft, yeah, I'm not much gonna look at But I ain't looking for smells, just to lose you all There's a bubble, little too slow Just now, it was just a little too long Yes, but about it, Ronin I've been really nervous, I've been here to get over you And if it's a little too loud, you call that a peanut The bubble queen is really loud It's not a really big trouble to have a fish in the world Oh, it's a little too slow It's not a really big trouble to have a fish in the world That's why I can't make magic just in shell It's not a really big trouble to have a fish in the world It's not a big trouble to have a fish in the world It's not a big trouble to have a fish in the world It's not a big trouble to have a fish in the world But it's not a big trouble to have a fish in the world I've been really surprised by the speed you all see in the world Lighting up on his hands, I've got to be driving Here's a facts from Mark Rippin' Jin Washington He's weathered, we had to do our weathering in the United States Remember what a great weather was about the career And they're probably gonna be pretty sure that was the one He says there's gonna be a girl rally this Sunday at Carpenter's Hall 28, 16, Northwest 27th Avenue Open Park, 2-4 PM Girl rally this Sunday Carpenter's Hall 28, 16, Northwest 27th Avenue Open Park, 2-4 in the P&M Sunday There you go, Jin, good luck you have about 20 or 30 million people there And Tom out of Open Park, here to be on a safe side Here's Mark Rippin, hello Yes sir Do you believe that George W. Bush could possibly be every hat's goal come to life Possibly never saw two of them together Absolutely, the petrol you're a mountaineer Yeah, and the better that for them is, gotta be misled with his co-versus And we would love to go He's a bush, there you go, I see the, I see it all head together right now Absolutely Good work pal All right Okay, you're hired Here's our new investigator, that's the bush inspector Here's a mobile and plantation, hello I have to do a nail pretty good too I'm undecided Yeah And now the whole stuff for Gorge is to get to you know the real off your mind Well now Gorge is not even in the running I'm undecided between Bush and Nader Yeah Okay, well, we'll promote Native Man, or you're off a meter two-three times Between Bush and Nader Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh That's like, that's like, I'm trying to decide Can I vote for 10 candidate or child in Heston Yeah, I see some similarities there, I'll show Should I vote for a job Biden or maybe a Jesse Holmes? Okay Right, I think the answer is stay home So please do yourself a favor, it's dangerous he goes you got you can get into an accident You've got to only know what kind of riff I have for me out there in the street Stay in home on election day, please, what kind of it? Here's a waiting for a waterdale, hello Oh, yes, man Hi, this is my first song, Carl, this is lovely show Thank you And I've been listening to you for a long time