But the old one just got a sports review of I'm 60's You say that was that I But you're hurting I was personally the open but it wasn't What do you say I was watching the channel 10 because that's what we were gonna do this thing Come on I'm not What I'm not What I'm not what time is he on? I don't know so we didn't know what time we were on either because Definitely didn't do this morning going Come on I'm not like that And oh yeah, we got the special agreement with channel 10 we got this right and the carry the audio for this is So thing and you know, it's so important that we're better carry it in this Which ordinarily I would resist because I don't really give a crap I wish him all the best I don't wish him any better health, but it's not important to me no matter how significant hangs as it is It's not significant to me. It's certainly not significant to judge So I'm watching channel 10. I'm assuming that there's gonna be on and here's this this Sally with a bunch of How do I say it delicately? Let's say delicately we turn okay Stroke on the man there's back foods. We're doing everything in a party time. Oh, and this doesn't look like soda me What is this? If we're gonna use channel 10. I bet your channel seven at type of ventilating. Let's just take a look Wouldn't it be embarrassing because I understand room or in a great find is that the channel 7 was done there for 5 30 They got nothing on either Well, I think that was some bum god day information here today. You know what kind of through us all off all on our channel 10's gonna be on top of this thing Like stick on a Greg is what's that's what does told me? That's what he said I'm quoting for baiting. He said gonna be over it like stink on Greg And I said what do you mean by that? He said by the way Joe I hate to break that if you remember it's 59 not 49 59 and lay off the The here oh and one of the great things that I heard on the news he said was my answer for the weekend Zero oxy denying reports circulating all over Europe that it's seeking a filing for bankruptcy Protection oh no we've got seven billion dollars in yadda got all the other crap We're not be great nice car and we're more come on I'm not gonna say for yourself. Wow his brother-in-law said this in some Arab chicka had a bad bomb open Otherwise he was gonna buy 500 million cheers of zero ox See I was originally gonna go to Toronto. That is a true store I had playing reservations to go to Toronto We were going and then I get on the phone and there was some big convention to run over the weekend Every hotel you couldn't get a hotel for lover money or hockey bucks And then our good cross friend Scott what's his name there? Problemin from Atlantic City Sub thank you Scott good guy Of course that's not what fat boy said but he's a good guy. He got me rooms at the MGM and Vegas So how could I resist? Was my ass Was my ass in fact I think one cheapest dealer in Vegas and as much as I've always loved Vegas the last time I went I was starting to get a little bit burnt up I thought well maybe a couple of years I'll come back and don't I don't want to discourage anybody from going to Vegas because it is a fun place But this was the one that put me over the edge. What is that man doing in this studio while the show is on the year? Oh Should have went to him here real fast Did I turn around and walked out of there like he'd been shot with a guy dead cannon ball in the nuts Peter Leonard get him out of here He's killing me that man. He really is he's a killer You know something I wasn't gonna talk about it because I'm just strong on right now because that was given drum information It said oh, this is so important. I said do we care the heat on this station? Oh no do we care like any Other than you went to the kid basketball in the station. Oh, no, but it's going important That's the work of the man. We got this special agreement with channel 10 a little upset you what since we got a special agreement with channel 10 why not put Sally Jesse on here Yeah, there you go. He's pregnant Some some freak and Sally Jesse you guys pregnant Well, I got a lot of tell you about Vegas and about the National Airlines is great Let me just tell you right now and it wasn't a freebie. I paid for it by one harder in cash If I have any left after that experience this weekend and after remember with his goddamn zerox That's National Airlines is the best sensational I've heard other people talk about it We've had calls on a show and they've said exactly that it's the best airline ever reported in the life and one trip doesn't make I'm gonna watch two trips going out and coming back doesn't make Career for a airline, but that's the only way you can judge it based on you on personal experience Forget about that America was forget about going through Dallas on those very overpriced and expected Airlines in Merkin and Delva where they charge in almond legged it takes you seven hours to get the Vegas National they get a ride they leave right on time they get their early coming back left right on time Get here ten minutes early They know how to board the flight they got real planes big seven fifty seven's first class in station Back there in coats that's a few pions. I don't know But really good But before we get to that so I guess I'll just keep my IPO on here and see what's happening That because it's so damn important what ox sports network whatever you need to be sports channel Or something somebody called to say that third one's carrying it Well, if they're the ones that are carrying it how come our program direct your kid in here? It said come on I'm I'm I'm I if you when you're carrying it if you want to do this put on channel 10 We have a pretty much channel 10 a curator audio and I said we put on people's audio all the time and he said I'm like that yeah, that's what he said Get off the plane and Vegas who's standing there at the gate in the airport at McHarrington International Airport in Las Vegas And we get off the plane who standing there default and the party man We're more has it they were women together double bed That's woman that I'm here and the acidity for us said what are you doing here in the airport? He says oh I'm waiting for my wife another one of those spats. I don't want to go into that thing about that marriage Boy talk about a rocky road Even the people with basketballs never saw rocky road like that that marriage So evidently they didn't fly out there together and in a fit of peekey took the appalli man with them Which I'm sure that people probably rather spend the two ages of Vegas with the Pauli man that is life anyway when terrific Oh She don't maybe you think you probably made those the spread as well as well. I don't want to go into that Huh and Because it's open on found more or lower. They're all fixed and don't but on Gordon state there all every horse in their races breaking So apparently He just hasn't shown up yet. They will be carrying it when he shows up. Oh, I'm not gonna believe I'm so relieved to hear that kind of those throws a chicken nail hole in the temple of doing a show You know I'm saying Because yeah, there's nothing going on in the anywhere it's Monday. We don't really care and there no calls on the board Not that there would be because I haven't said anything yet And the reason I haven't said anything yet is because I was told 10 o'clock He was gonna be to this bitch for sure. He was gonna be put it but see I don't understand why do we have to have a goddamn press conference every time a jocca or something happens Joccaving press conferences. It's Danny and Jimmy all over again Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, that crap all over again for same Why couldn't they just have a press release? I mean we've known about it for like what two weeks now That he has some kind of a kidney disorder and at first they thought it was something real serious and maybe it's not so serious And maybe he's gonna play and maybe he's not gonna play if anybody cares do I care? Oh I couldn't care less I wish him nothing but the best to help he never saw a free train But he's not important to me. He is he is no significant to my life none zero Absolutely Zippity do that Then other presidential debate tomorrow night and we're worried about those zolan his the kidneys And since evidently it isn't a serious as they first thought you think definitely it doesn't we ever have a goddamn press conference Every time you eat you channel surf you see dumb joc sitting in front of microphone that that's So that's a big part of killing time on TV now is dumb joc sitting in front of after a tennis match after a goddamn Subit golf match everything because of much of dumb jocs and her coaches and the managers and they're all sitting in front of a microphone Have it a first conference and have the time if it's the coaches they get up and a fit of peak and the walkout Ah, it's going to argue guy nephew and they get up to walk out. Okay, I do enjoy that Kind of you old Mike Gittka stuff things like that. Bobby night Let's hear for Bobby night. I can use an asshole, but at least he was a little bit of fun, you know What's wrong with watching the coach choke some kid? Be the crap out of anybody if he gets pissed off even cheers across let's bring back Willie Hades Let's bring back all the guy to increase your coaches put that WWE WF into yeah, let's give them their own show Put them on an island coach survivor And see at which one which one comes out to real survivor so this pans you ask crap they have I'm talking about real braels real our cystic ups real our Compton strike there on the island I But you really hate who would have come out on top. Let's bring back Willie let's think his actions up just one time come on What are you saying? We want to dig a must oh come on winner Do they have a big crowd there on I'm Friday night Yes, y'all they how many people do they really have on for that game because I saw on the paper that it's like 13,000 some Which is the season ticket. I said how many they really have for the Panther game? You said yeah, yeah It's the nine minutes after ten so ain't saying nothing yet as soon as he is I don't want you going anywhere because God forbid we're in a real panic We're in a real super over here. We don't want you going down the other end of the dial there looking for the audio I want to go press conference I mean if it happens baby if a John Caz hemorrhage you'll hear about this radio station even the middle of it's highly rated Joe because this is the important stuff. It's going to be important. We're going to have it for you No question of the program maybe do you for me could that be stuff written permission W2M basically broadcast through concloperated. No All right, I don't want to play anything because that I want to have to stop it in the middle which will understand Because this is so then it's so then important that I can't Well, what's the point of playing some very funny comedy bit here then the middle all got to cut this off because it's always up there now But it's better but you know I love this stuff So I did lose my answer Vegas, but I came back with about eight bucks and you know, that's not too bad But before we get into Vegas a national airlines and Alice Ram tell who was footing around out there and all the other good stuff Small world the matter where you go you can't get away from asshole no matter where you go I'm not saying that default is natural over the poly man I don't know well enough because say the poly man's an asshole Is he you get kind of get that impression or something? One of those raised track degenerate bum kind of guys kind of like default But anyway here's a very important memo, but I think we ought to pass along and all fairness Huh try to do it with a straight face now I'm still watching channel 10 here. I don't see no big sparks that I talking about as kidneys I don't see nothing Thanks for screwing up my show stuff. Oh Yeah, but channel 10 but I'm not Special agreement against what I get channel 10 in my house. I don't have any special agreement I just turn on the TV and if I go to the right channel, which on my cable it happens between 10 what a concept There it is Huh now this cable here we got this AT&T cable which used to be stores that it was my mother's got this piece of craft cable. It's on 11 After he told me that I took on 10 on a thing here and I'm watching NVO and Vivo what? Yeah, life from New Jersey wherever to hello was something from crap That's not to myself. See a channel 10 got all this money. Oh, I must be it I don't know you understand it's channel 11 on our cable system channel 10 and channel 4 is 122 and channel 5 Who knows? Just to keep you on your toes. I guess is the way it works But I'm still waiting to say oh, there's those midgets look at that. There's the the on the more you showed it They got midgets As you may be aware this is a memo dated October 11 because I'll be before we do the memo Where a judge took on Friday as he was in the middle of an early and another one of his I hate to Jews shows Regarding the Middle East United States you would pull out and let's a conflict Sort itself out 435 52 and a half percent to get that out of there Help the Israelis wife off the Palestinian who ended five 24.7 percent First he is ready to make concessions that Palestinians which I'm sure were George voted 187 22.6 percent She I say just in some hall of law and some falafel and we should invest a lock and take bye-bye Yeah, good luck here. That's what I would call him Bye-bye. Yeah, I just want and get out of my face and let's work where I'll be going. It's an important stuff. What's your not I pull questions they have to do with Since today is of course the million family rally and you just turn on cease-pand you said with the right No million families out there yet and I try to tell you they're waiting for the zoe press conference Baby because it's no damn important once he gives us a good news and the heads up on this whole deal then they can all go out there in March You got your priorities wrong man Because the party in the black black America their priority is the NB FNA that's what it is The end-due mother FNA that's the number one power. Yeah, yeah Much of big seven foot tall brothers out there slam a jannin and stuff in it and the ball too For some of those guys they tend to stuff in the wrong place, but that's another story for another day So it's no honor yet no Janet Here's Miami hello Yeah, I was just gonna make a comment. I thought you know, I think there's something real when you live a real and coming from the law When you listen to his act commerce or a lawns on morning And you'll probably read a listen and get it to pay for these with each candidate I just give any a sales job and tell them oh yeah When you think from now on what are you talking about but each guys or whatever you see you get you listen in the morning Listen to that time No, you know, you I don't think they necessarily most of them are I'm not talking about them specifically the most of most jobs are done That's the perception as sometimes you find the perceptions aren't always the actual reality I don't know the original thing that most jobs are done that's just a perception because they're literally They can't put together a sense of some maybe five to ten like see I don't agree with that necessarily. I think it's an individual thing Not but That's true any group. They're individuals who live in a but as a group you wouldn't think that they're the same Most jobs are done You know I wouldn't say I wouldn't want to make that same I play educational system for not giving them the equal education To none athletes that's what you're asking me to look at the NC double way and how they treat I'll teach them what happened in these major schools when they go on about FSU that's got a quarterback that's 45 years old What kind of crap is that he's a 50th year a senior? Well, he's just written to go to the process. That's just a temporary question Well, you started to say that just this game is what that is But that doesn't make what that does to make him dumb though that doesn't make him dumb though I didn't say he was dumb. He's not dumb. That's for sure. No I don't know if it's not to be getting carried a free load like that for that many years. He can't be too dumb All right, I should pray that's not for that. That's not for that. That's not for that one I just think it's a pretty bright guy, but besides that and then you end in each year for 500 some odd yards in the game on Saturday Yeah, I can do it. You all time FSU record my buddy Chris Wanky with his a bad afford meridian and two and a half quarter He did that. That's right But you know something that's pretty nice. It's not interested in the only interest they only write his intelligence on a field That's what they consider absolutely correct. That's the only thing that comes in the country on the field on the court on the ice And the that's it. That's what counts because I'd be smart I don't be dumb like afraid. I'll be smart Is there a near yet. Oh Jesus this is turned out to be I had that guy I'm why another call on there and he gave up because you didn't think it was been taking calls That would probably be all the calls we're gonna get today No, it probably could use the spary portal. What kind of an anti-semitic host job? You're doing it here on Friday since he hates you Jews like poison Which I find rather amusing because it's a Cuban Jew thing, you know You say the kill them to the Cuban they could use and everybody hates the charters Or is it the other way around they hate everybody how are the charters and other charters and Cubans look it along and either To black people get along with anybody in this country. Oh no Which brings me to this poor question before I get to this memo The biggest my own doing it because today is the million family margin is Louis stericon is shootin off his big mouth again But it would seem to me that That black folks in this country would have much more important things to be doing on a Monday than marching You know if you're gonna do it on a weekend, but most people are working like an assignment Something like that, but it would seem that on a Monday when most people are supposed to be a work would be not a good day The one who could millions of people come forth and wash into the washing and money to a marching in for that particular purpose Except a little fur kind of wants to make some more money because you make enough last year Wouldn't you think that they find better things to do like maybe you know working in Java? I mean even on Monday somebody's got a burgers, huh? right? The biggest obstacle facing black Santa Merckett today is Here are three choices Bigger tree lack of education in job skills or lack of responsibility That's a good three choice. Do I give a good poll or why you give a great poll? Bigger tree lack of education in job skills or lack of responsibility Which is the biggest obstacle facing black Santa Merckett today? Well, I say blacks. I'm not gonna break it down. I got into Africa and American and all that other garbage. I'm tear that I'm sick of all the all the labels all these hyphenated people out there Turn Can I get to that damn beastly memo which is it's not really that long, but I hate this already in the first sentence because then it's so comes on here With his damn kidney update Then I'll leave everybody hang which I hate to do. Don't I hate doing that? Oh no, I like doing that October 11th 2000 to all BBGI employees. Can I ask you this question? I understand that BBGI is the symbol on the Nasdaq for bevelry stock But since when did BBGI all I see bevelry broadcast group ink till until this moment I never realized that the taggy was just a pin. I never realized that that's what that's good for Bevelry broadcast group ink BBG I'd like to see you learn something everyday from George G. Bevelry chairman and c. E. Oh It says that even readers, huh? Not on the air saved it for me. Oh, yeah Or because I couldn't do it justice now Well, I can't do it just to see because I'm reading it. I'm reading with one eye on the page and one eye on the TV What I watch watching these quicky growth test people on salad there. Oh, I will say that let's hear it for Sally She has never eighteen ages Kid did book can today The one show out of the month where she's not doing teenagers at boot camp And the way and you wonder what's wrong with the woman of America watching this crap every day although I hit the wonder what's wrong with the men of America You realize forget about the bush moisture which I'm on the plane from the back I read this great book by Paul Bevelry is our children learning the case against George W. Bush Which I had in my hand right now fascinating reading the best terrifying So not only are the majority of men in this country bush people, but they also gave a door and a here's a guy that had a limpah member a Gimpan and still they are marking a white men Voted in favor of goal Does that tell you what the average IQ? I mean this I scared it was so I'm really talking about dumb people the movie with like that So while a woman I were trying to catch up on being his gun by watching a stupid Sally Jesse and all these other guy damn shows They got a long way to go. I think What's the women based their vote on? Because you said last week something about Bush's more macho. Did you say that not me? Yes, you did not me the head Man shall no Why the hell would I feel that I doesn't even tell like something like so so castacly. Yeah, you said he was macho I said can't as much macho and he said the 86 says the 15th of all get to that and he sure can speak the espanyel over here just like the English He doesn't know what means, but he sure can speak it because he's down the lower of those next-eak embodies He's one foot buddies Anyway, I guess I'll read the memo because I don't think I don't think those gonna have any press conference So when you come right down, what I think I got my own hose job in here And I'm being forced to see or watch a guy damn channel out of the corner my eye Which I realized I'm supposed to be doing a guy damn radio show But I like having the TV on their just in case there might be something worthwhile going on And I'm sitting here watching this stupid bitch with those idiotic glass in the earth This Sally Jiffy who makes me want a barf I thought of that time that she was an INZ years ago I don't know who the hell show she was on and she was in the building over there in the atrium wandering around like a lot I walked out there during commercial break with CBS news whatever hell was and she's one We're gonna like look at it this ceiling and the floor like a space cadet and you want no why because you've got that space cadet. That's why You know we could watch a listen to about So where do you go in South Florida right now people are talking about along to morning In the off my show god damn it. Are you crazy? Yeah, he blows big time Wherever you go can I have to this question during this last weekend I was in Vegas and maybe I'm out of the touch wherever you went where people talking about zo and his kidneys Well, however I went. Yeah, no, and I mean I only got back last night, but in the airport nobody was talking about it And I turned on TV and I walked so whole bunch of stuff was anybody talking about no you only people talking about it We're doing like a program director in air and The sports nerds in here They're the only people talking about it about just sports nerds like that's the nerd himself What's that yeah if you look up nerd and dictionary his pushes next to what this to personality So I'm not really they're just doing the same thing. They're wrapping and filling for time I can't do this thing though because we got to do the break Which is good because obviously milk this row or half an hour. That's going to huh look to mental I'm squeezing it baby. Got to go for my therapy the afternoon after the show for my first day of therapy for my hand Which is out of the cash. Let's hear oh, yeah Got a lot of practice with the sand and Vegas over the weekend. I'm not doing that with those swam machines Make any money. Oh, wash my ass out everything and the one thing no matter where we went MGM which is where we stay. Thanks again. Scott your good guy good intentions. We lost the ranch Tropica and X caliber the New York New York no matter where we went. It was quiet I mean I'm not talking about terms a number of people it was packed the city was packed out there this weekend How to get a hotel room But it was quiet like audio you know, I'm just gonna rock and usually her bells are going off people are screaming People are you know somebody's winning some money very kind of quiet this weekend This is five 60 You a yeah Roger show sports radio five 60 You a That's what they're doing for you I'm a hippie no gold I'm gonna go back to jail Oh Who beat that other who man who take your money? I know they let me tell you something just you could have given that money to me I do not bat and I am out of incense It's you and I'm so stupid I would say surround chicken bones and conjure up the spirit of Estero I got you be so fine Help me experience the benefits of your credit card breathing and help subsidize the ever growing telemarketing industry that paid us to the unimportant Negro for only 99 seconds I will tell you what you want to hear and less than you already know Oh no, to get free go to the base on at your local check-aching store and dial 1 800 hmm 10.49 It's 5 60 WCM. I guess George and I must be the only relentless bastards in town who are not overwhelmed by this story that we just wasted about 40 five minutes Potsking around with here. I mean the first of all was it really necessary to hear about the doctor's Bob movement this morning and I thought he had the conference in Toronto one hotel He stayed at what flight he came back on the name of the flight attendant what he had for dinner and all the set of goods So that's a mention all the different universities that he had the repentance or once spoke at et cetera So I'm so yeah exactly So the lungs are ain't playing nice. Very jackass Time at the you know what I'm also about very jackass Can't say too much for him at least he's consistent. He's consistently Wrong wrong as usual. The Miami Hill gets it wrong. Which they do all the time He gets it wrong. Oh, yeah even in the paper as of this morning Very jackass in this story. Oh, yeah, morning is a it whole friends that he plans to play this season Did he play in the season? Oh, how could he have said that face them? Are we just heard how could he have ever said that and you know a little shot he took a bury in there like you're a little fat Poe-wack and piece of crap and the hell blows and I wouldn't mind my ass with it. I think I'm paraphrasing But in that basically what he said? Oh, yeah, something like that. That's what he said I wouldn't mind to get bottom of my burn cage with a stick if I had a bird He said Larry birds wouldn't mind a bottle of his ass with it You jackass bury and a properly name so I guess I don't know what now we do now Because we had a couple of people call her very upset with me because I played that the excess is music in the back of it It wasn't any a lack of respect because I didn't know I really don't care about the story that much I wish him I would love to there's a lot of six people out there And most of them don't have millions and millions of dollars and most of them are having and I tell what we never press conference What they get you? I was just told George why I came back from Amsterdam with my busted hand in my cracked with that I have a press conference. Oh, when I came back from my stroke 12 years ago Did I have a press conference? Oh, no When I came back from those 48th and outside it was nearly killed me have my girl bladder out did I have a press conference? Oh, I could have died in that thing that I have a press conference. Oh, no I Mean somewhere along the line Some of you people need mental health especially the sports nerd serious serious mental health Anyway, here's the memo taking me 52 minutes to finally get to this goddamn memo Oh And before I do that can I get Sally Jesse off my damn TV please please Anything to get her off Oh God a punishment or send us and why could me is on that in the press conference? I mean in a press release could they have done that? And put the whole guys rather than they on that and that's right. It could have had a ten-page press release and put the whole thing on there But no, we have to have a big song to dance because everything every jacket and merch has to have a big song A dance and like I said before there are people just as good as a lot of them morning out there Who don't have the million to dollars? Go on having a press conference they help them who'd ailments are even far more horrendous than what he's got at the risk of snowing in sensitive just as good a players Just as tall What the whole is that please don't come to that fact I ain't ran out again, which I keep telling you to get us a real one you won't do it and I'll pay for Even the thing I don't understand about this place things that I want that I'm willing to pay for like the the voicewriter that we wanted like two and a half years ago Did we ever get oh no thanks machine like a real one where the numbers work when you want them sent up then out they all actually Pronstance have we got it? Oh no George these race are sent us this memo last Friday As you may be where articles are the peer both yesterday and today an inside radio a looting to a potential merger or sale of thesely broadcast group and corporate The information conveyed in these two articles could not be more unfounded It's difficult to imagine what fuel such speculations Perhaps someone is attempting to bolster their own position by creating a false scenario My preference and I trust yours as well is to bolster your B&G eyes position the broadcasting industry by accurately Be putting our company solid performance As I've come and a G in the past thesely broadcast group is in good financial shape of the competitive market position I'm sure to above average growth prospect and a strong balance sheet with which to support continue growth Which is why we can't pay you one time and some of you folks haven't got paid for months The B&G family and the B&G I voted directors are passionate about radio It's actually my eight and go on and buy one someday Yeah, they might actually go on violent and then it might actually take a course and find out how to turn it on It's what we've successfully done for nearly 40 years and what we intend to do well into the 21st century signed George WB that's right Anybody believe in that memo? No, no that's interested for me, which group you think is buying? Because as soon as these striding denials start coming in you know they're full of crap There's a mobile and do feel be tell them Oh, you mean okay, I wonder how many people took off the work to watch at Super Press conferences Anyhow, I have probably the only million families I'm telling you I went this weekend to go get some Neil gear at the To get a key chain from a sex Yeah, and I live in gear fields I call the one out called square and I talk to the I may be able to call sticks I'm not sure but I talked to somebody there and I asked me if they have the Neil gear and the guys said yeah And I specifically asked them about the key chain Yeah, come on down I drive all the way from your field piece out there. I get there and they say oh I thought you meant the CD I said I I'm like he changed CD key chains. Oh, I wore can they get some competent people in there? I wonder if you can just give me a quick That on the air where a specs that has your key changes. They haven't built it yet They haven't built it yet No, so we have to Please I'm glad that you called the beginning of the punch because this is the next piece of bad news I have the baby said it was my acid vagus is the fact that the the nephew comes in here this morning to lay on the news to me That specs has got the CDs and the cassette and the nothing key chains And I went If they're a line of a set that we're gonna have the key chains and you kind of like maybe next year He said and kind of well starting She's can we still order them through the West? Yes, or that's the only place you've got him plus So whenever they go out in our review and ban Great. I got to get a punch of those things are off to the best We need a volume two three four every month. Oh, no, okay. Thank you. Thanks a me go So there you go. There's a bad news the good as this specs has got the CDs because that's the bad news They don't have the key chains because we're still working on that And because they don't know how to do things right here But hey, we're used to that by now after three years of this at least like very jackass their consistent This is five 60 UAS For 30 5 60 WAM Happy court waterdale a measly broadcast group station WTO M dot-and-<|sw|> Anyway, you're often mentioned about the moon Eddie question Oh my boss started Correction every All the cash. maiden He's a star and he's a fool, has a team. They throw white teeth on black and they With me they're together And they say, people I mean He's a bit different, they think And he's really with a say And a young man, nothing has gone wrong So why does he why is in this song? He has a statement And will young and he can't help but guide something But he's real and happy and the mood is crappy They come on and he can't even look to the same thing They don't see his guy, he's really young He's a bit different, he's a bit different And they say, he's the white teeth But a taste and he starts to why I need to overcame a day The key notes, the theory will last long That's why he's a bit white-y And he's a bit white-y and this song 11.02 or 5.50 WCW and then I met you about National Airlines I guess it was a long time ago So long that I forgot all about it They really are great, thank you for that bless you, National Airlines Not that I got a freebie, I paid two to the nose But they're dynamite But great thing when you find an airline that actually gets some place on time And takes off on time and treats you But food, go out if you get on a flight that leaves like late night like we did on Thursday night And we're going to have a lot of children off a lot Like in first class, a tamale Just like a tamale on a plane, not even a good tamale But then I really began food on this year I know that, but coming back yesterday because it was like around a little after lunch time The food just keeps on coming Not gigantic portions but pretty damn good So I'd give them an 8-plus National Airlines And if I want to go to Vegas, be my guest Like I said, it's a great place, you have a lot of fun I'm not going to be going back for 20 or 30 years I'm a little burnt out So are we the only ones who are an unimpressed They don't want to sound calouser and sensitive And anybody's ailment, not be so too serious thing But I just don't understand the fuel and the hoopla on the outcry and the hysteria about this thing I just don't get it We'll find out There's about the only response we got off the air was your getting about 3 people calling him saying Why is he playing that music? It's disrespectful He's a pretty sort of a bitch stuff like that Which is fine if you want to say that Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Me, oh, good morning Yes sure Hi, I'm an African American girl and I also hate you Related to some of the stuff that I'm going to let I live in Sterephalago, a morning class And I also have some vocal actors who are from the world Who's a little bit sick I'm busy with that, I know with that for about 4 years now Um, my case And you have a date, did you have a press conference? No, I did Um, my case is from the youth Not a rural, not an SDS manager And we're out from that football and high school So that's where they've done the trial But a good case for a long ago is, well, and then also for me because The way they treat this is basically It brought on by some parts of some communities For me it was half-love versus And so the treatment for this, which is probably It made me for a long ago, it made not me for a long time, I don't know But the treatment is basically diarritic Change the diet And I feel a pressure medication now This thing is not going to talk about what these I mean, the pressure is not never heard before And I've been going to the Nepalages for the last four years along with My primary care care So this is something new that I have at this herd of Now maybe when I bring it up to my new My new paralysis maybe should know a little bit more But she also went to meeting up at Sorasa, I believe that's what he said Yeah, they hit all my hotels, I got those guys in Yeah, so I also bring it up, but yeah, the way it came down on me was I also had a feeling of peace And also I had to pay for my first, I think it's called Cal And that and once I got there, I had the first time And I went to the doctor and got it checked out And basically they did a lot of tests And all that stuff in that part, it found out Yeah, how did you know that? Is it on the control? Yes, it is, what they try to do It in some cases, you always going to have some damage to the Chippy, if I was that's the way they explain to me There's going to be some guy, there's some irreversible guy, they did not kind of be able to change But, well, it's not as usual as to prevent Fixed firing and try to reverse the firing And they can reverse And basically that's what they try to do And they can keep me very important, they can show Lot of pressure, you know, some of the other things also So, you know, I was feel pretty good I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, the pretty healthy life Yeah, exercise, I got one I, you have to change the diet, it has to go through a low-salt, low-salt diet Also the cholesterol, yes Because you know how, particularly in my family We, my mother and father, they tend to like A lot of five feet or a lot of kind of greasy things Yeah, well, I have to change that All I try to check that in Okay, if I have to follow the one that gives you an idea And let you know how, you know, just pulling you of us out here We do very well, we'll live very well And you know, you just have to take it when they had a time There you go, okay, you take care of yourself Okay, thank you sir, bye 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and rise on where I was flying out 877-856-345 Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, yes sir I know in the, all right, it's a 50 important stuff When you're in Vegas, did you play that new Spanish 21? Play box after or what do you know when you're flying you go there No, I didn't play it no 21 Oh, you don't play, I've got that No, I've got a great new, sorry I said no, I didn't play it We all go on out on national low and January I've heard a lot of good, I'm going to tell you Hopefully, but a greater line of this, I'm serious I'm not exaggerating, I paid for it to full amount But they're great Yeah, but we're really interested, we've forgotten about it Also, we got there every January And we found it's found it here, that's what I see It was a good rate I mean, I'm like America worst, which can't seem to get to right together And which used to fly those puddles on, for example It takes forever to get out there and back We got out there in about a little over 4.5 hours, maybe 440 And coming back with us 4 hours and 15 minutes And the 5757, right? Yes sir Yeah, much better than the 7 whatever is It's the miracle last time You bet? Okay, well I just come to the mention and game I said maybe we'll have some money if that one too No, no, hey, did listen that, but it's known I have a great day, but I have a lot of time Yeah, see the biggest is great But after a while, certain times you get bored out I'm playing with it like anything Huh? Okay, quite an analyst for it, I mean, you could love a banana Just for that for the first 4,000, and the same I don't think anymore, like Peter Leonard I'm bored out on him, I don't want to see him again He's killing me with all that food So he is, he is killing me I just, I decided to wait a shot that is just Keep him out of here Factory, keep him out of here A Chris, we need to keep him out of here See, now here, get all children Oh, you are really, really, I think it's very defensive Chris And of course, we can understand why It's my minute after you're loaded at 560 WCWM You are mad The world wide web, if you aren't online And working your own business, you're well off the pace But now, there's an online company that can help you catch up EWFC.com EWFC.com is the new way to eliminate all the hard words That goes into building, maintaining and advertising A high tech website And takes you right to its ultimate conclusion in one easy step I've always wanted to start my own EWFC.com Help me run through all my cash reserves And to clear chapter 11 quickly Without the hassle of actually hiring Lay off anybody, EWFC.com's online possession Can translate their knowledge If you click results for you, every time Without EWFC.com I could've spent 12 to 18 months of hard work Trying to keep my EWFC before But EWFC.com, made it easy for me to go into And out of business, in no time at all That's because EWFC.com can provide you with its proprietary software called NoChance Once you install it on your computer You'll see how impossible it is to actually make money Without doing porn EWFC.com, made it possible for me to do it Without giving up my day job, EWFC.com When you want to start your own online business We'll click the worry out of going growing So I'm asking how's that diracste 1114 at 5.6WQM, million family rallies Underway, baby, today, be the day Louis Ferrican Stage another memorable rally It says, almost certain the highlights Has ever been transformed in the nation of Islam And himself into a major and more inclusive player In mainstream politics Can't get no more mainstream Maybe if you get some of that registered stuff Or where? Yeah, like a new wardrobe, my help Because he don't look too mainstream Me, like they got a hand that those leaflets He's telling those leaflets on the street court around here And I'm doing it in 441 everyday I'm so close today The biggest obstacle facing blackston market They is lack of responsibility as leading so far with 36 Lack of education in job skills is in second place with 31 And bigotry is in a different third with only 8 That's up for the biggest obstacle facing blackston market day Is which of those three The globe says, Lieutenant Bush was too drunk to fly And then I also picked up a 10-metre before Paul the Gallows' great book is our children learning With a picture of George W. there on the front of the door With a finger on his forehead The case against George W. Bush And people would say the Republican's of course would say Well, you know that Paul the Gallows He was a advisor to grow and Clinton and the good buddies That bolted a geek James Carver Which all of that is absolutely true, but Everything in this book is well documented Very well written with footnotes and a whole thing about 130 pages And you know something I'm just reading the whole thing on here The way it looks on the phone here Huh? You think it might be a good idea? Or also this repeat the Alonzo press conference over and over again We've got it on tape because it is Monday 560-560-560 on the AT&T of Ryzen wireless lines Here's our last call, Boughton Beach, hello Yes, I looked at the press conference We went out for everyone to buy info on opposite vehicles So I can get money back, thank you Ha ha ha ha ha ha And don't forget zerox, please Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh, ha ha ha ha And don't forget shit to excupid you leave that out And that's this TV She wants to go out and make her sure he may not be good But he's like very jackass not good but least consistent He picks all losers How is that possible? I mean it's just by action like shooting dark suit of boys Sooner later you hit something not much he's consistent He couldn't have the broad side of the bar with his kiss Here's a model in common Hello Early in the hour Okay Let me say something on the little piece I think it's really pathetic that you know just because this guy a lot of them warning Yeah, I don't mean polish or something, no he's a bad ball player But you know they got a jump all over the story And make the guy to be something he's really not What about all these kids that might be children top to low and children of Oz Yeah, you know why do they want their freaking cameras down there And turn them on and say hey look at all these children help them now So here's a guy that makes about $50 or $20 million a year I think he's going to be okay He's probably got pretty good health insurance through the team And he's got all that money always millions of dollars So he's got the best medical care that money can buy in the world And there are a lot of people out there that can't get any medical care Yeah, you got that like neck collar, three or four calls back The one that has a pop we've got, all that It's all about money, buddy All right She's got the money, you're going to get the information And the best so that money can buy And George would say you got it $5.607, oh fuck, come on let's get going here man Let's have a show I realized we're a little bit of pressure here today With a stupid press conference that we're a little bit off balance a little bit out of sync It sure worked for me, I'll tell you that $5.607.506, the pound five cedar all pissed off They all think that I'm being in the irreverent and I'll take a new series enough Not that I don't take it seriously I just don't think it's that important it doesn't affect our lives Is it affect your life? No, is it affect my life? No Here's a mobile and home set, hello What are you doing this week? Okay, hey, I feel the same way you feel about this along some morning things But that's not why I call I'm flying out to Las Vegas Hey, what's Vegas? I love to watch a lot of money, I don't even want to have to have a fair family I love to put on a money money if you'd like to go get Oh really? Yeah I'm not going there to play actually, it's a little bit of a way for me and my wife And I'm flying on the same airline you are Are you full of people? Yeah, national the best Really? The best in the world I never even heard of them Well, I'm just telling you they're great I mean, they're relatively new but boy, they do a good job They got good planes and they treat you right and they just they leave on time And they just seem to have their acting together Well, that's I think I'm looking forward for that Let me ask you a question, what do you do with Las Vegas And I don't lose money I don't gamble But what else do you do? You know, Renekar, Renekar, you go and see all the English, you see all the shows You can go E. All the phase, you go round with different casinos, E to the phase And he turns the food bridge, cheap, and you can drive out to the mountains And see all the unbelievable scenery, you can go to the Grand Canyon All kinds of things you can do Oh great Yeah, I'm thinking of going over there, I'm on Saturday There you go Yeah, I'm looking forward to it Just leave your money at home There you go Okay, I'll give you a call and let you know how I went Okay Thanks, Neil So you speak in a, I forgot the most important part of the whole thing I was going to tell you about my trip about my international airport You idiots out there that are always talking about this being a world class city And I had to last my last my ass off every time I hear that See, I'm thinking you have been telling this for years All you poor bastards out there that are stuck here Once in a while Just hijack a plane, do something And go someplace And see what the real world is all about This is a world class city We leave Thursday night, the flight's week at a nine Twenty or nine, whatever the hell is, nine forty So we're walking through the airport about eight twenty eight thirty And it's out there in concourse, eight Way out at the end, which is fine, it's over the new concourse Delta's in there And being a shrunk that I am, it's set of going and getting all the magazines And being a tour of the Malay of the stuff we want to take on the plane Like in the main part of the tour, you figure out anywhere you go out there Hide your result, anywhere you go out there It's going to be all kinds of stuff in each tour, right? Am I right about that? Not a few there like pass their six o'clock at night Or seven o'clock See any real airport, any real, I mean like even in Geneva, New York They must have an airport that has got magazine and a new statement Can be in something, pass seven or eight o'clock at night And I am I a Not a freaking MIA Because once it gets to be about eight o'clock at MIA, they put everything away That's right Now realize that there must be some parts, like in the main part of the terminal And then of course come back last night, forget about it Get back in there at eight twenty and night, of course you get an eight thirty got in ten minutes early National Airlines is sensational And it really are, I'm not exaggerating the great Get back to the police and not that we needed to buy anything But just out of curiosity, you look at a run as you go into that concourse There is nothing, there is a newspaper, there is a magazine, there is a candy bar There is a guy named hand grenades, there is nothing Absolutely positively zero, the pretty Buddha This town, it's just I mean no matter where you go no matter what you do It's all the same bush, freaking league, at least it's consistent, like very jacket There is our major newspaper Now here's this big story that is a zoastory, which could have been handled a lot differently as far as I'm concerned But nonetheless, here's this story which I guess is important to a lot of people Did the hell get it right? No, no And again as you run in the front page, just like there 75 parts series about a radio station A big competition down there at 1900 on the dial that nobody can hear and nobody wants to That nobody's listening to, there was also on the front page Very jacket, this kid has got to have naked pictures of the whole night family The John S. Night family doing billiards, or maybe just doing each other He's got to have, he's got to have more naked pictures than they got along this place Because he can't get anything right, this little fat cover crack But I mean, if you want to understand what this town is all about, the epitome of this town Just going to Miami International Airport in the evening I'm not talking to tour clock in the morning I'm talking about in the evening, can you imagine going to the Lannay Airport Into Clock at Night, everything is closed down Oh, Dallas airport, Logan Airport and Boston, oh, anywhere I'm trying to figure out any place, I mean bigger than Geneva Where you can go in there 830 in the 8 o'clock at night and then I'll find anything because everybody's gone home There's something desperately, desperately wrong with this town Bush, frequently And I see Friday night the big hockey game that I wasn't here for, which I did give the tickets away But didn't get you, I'm sorry to tell you, but anyway, I tried And I understand the attendance around the league is weak and the schedule sucks like it says in the paper this morning All of these things, but But you gotta be kidding me, the second home game of the season on a Friday night When the schedule is this far from there and they're spread out over that long period of time It's not like people are asking it, hey come on out and support the team and have all the cell out every night Two games a week apart, there's not another home game for the 8thteenth against Jersey Was there, and there's few slides week was, oh you gotta be crazy And you even know it's opening night, there's the big FSU Miami game, there's the dolphin game on Sunday None of which were on the same day Was there a dolphin game this weekend? No, a hurricane game, no Anything else big going on in town this weekend? No, no Because you'll come back to the airport You know something, what I got to be here for, I should have called up my birthday channel 10 And held a press conference And said, I just came back from Vegas and I lost my ass And so I always ran tell I didn't see him, John saw my hair Yeah, that would have been big news Had a fucking press conference in my own Because every time somebody of any important to the, and this country's first, they have a press conference on TV And you get to smell it live while it's still in the air while the funger to roam up It's still floating around the air, yeah, it's done floating around the air I thought air little dark John 26th, 11 at 5, 60 WCWM, audio icons, diaries out there You people end with me a favor, who yourself a big favor, stay away from Peter Leather This man will kill you, trust me when I tell you He brings in a 16 course meal in here on Friday, Thursday, whatever it held day was Stay out of here, Peter Leather, you're persona non-grotting in this studio The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60s, a half meal guide Tonight, a new goes undercover to reveal a brightening aspect of who could these at the next president of the United States George Bush, the anti-Christ, who this is of course a care about all the issues facing Americans But you'll be so good for you, boy Like all candidates, I support term limitations That's right, church, church, and the one thing that you'll be saying I'd like the previous administration, not bringing dignity back to the old life That's correct, report your skin, and smack on your phone John Sam Neal, your host, for tonight's agenda, George Bush, the anti-Christ Big, Mike tonight, I'd love to tell you what now, Gordon, I'll go to the debate If he doesn't take those gloves off, I'll go to the debate tomorrow He hasn't got a child of instant hell, I'll tell you that right now, just remember you heard it on the show That's the terrifying news You better get with it now Here's Pompanyl to be, Chello Yeah, I'm completely off Yes sir Yeah, I gotta tell you, you are a god Yeah, incredible I felt like I was being punished this morning Because I was working with you, and I had the family on Uh-huh And I think we should start a quiet action suit against QIM For making you do that Making me do one, didn't they make me do it? But I mean, they would have been very upset, I guess if I didn't Because this is all they know, they don't understand After three years, the dish is a bread and butter And now, as an extraneous sports stuff, it's mostly a bunch of crap And I'm not talking about alandamones, I'll be in a bunch of crap Obviously, but that's something that could have Couldn't we have condensed that's couldn't it have been narrowed down We passed along the news in 30 seconds or less As opposed to like showing a whole goddamn show off Which I don't care, it killed an hour to Monday anyway But it's just not the right way to do it Yeah, they try it They don't know the right way to do it here I think I want to write the station manager in FCW Well, I won't do any good I believe that Because he may not have anybody around the room to me Yeah, and on the political note I was thinking maybe Al Gore and Bush's dress up for Halloween And we just vote on the best costume Okay, all right, thanks I think that's what we're doing, is that what we're doing? Oh yeah, 560560, which one, which? How 560 on the AT&T and Verizon World, what? I just, my feet are like all dried out, my hand, my skin It's that biggest thing, yeah I was just telling Joe Resolvi Joe was telling me about his last recent trip to a Vegas coming back On America War Starlines, it was another nightmare They're like 30 Jokehs Yeah, it's consistent America War Has anybody ever had a good flight on America War? Oh, I never heard about one, all of here is nightmares, horse stores all the time So, and I have an alternative, you got this national airlines And I'm not going to be going back to Vegas any time Soon, so it's not like I'm on here sucking around to get on their good sides So next time I go for free, I'll always have something to think about But I'm not going anytime soon, I'm burnt out I'll let the rest of you go there and take your money I'm always in love with my good buddy, no church And always good tips I get the insight information on those stocks Come on, hold on, hold on, hold on Remember, here's the mobile in Boko, hello You know, Friday was a ticket, so you got to get it Talking about the arena Look at all the eggs Friday was a ticket? Yeah And that was a great app that I was drawing He's still driving Okay, thanks for the good call. There's every port on the hockey game Friday was stuck First of all, stuck is even assuming it was it made of a mayhem because I think so because it's not over Mayhem, but it is not a religious power. So that's a but there's our excuse it was stuck It's that's why the Jews didn't show up at the hockey game on Friday Five as the were the same reason I called on this show here today because they're all pissed off because yours did four hours of anti-Sembaq is a mirror on Friday Which I didn't hear any of it obviously, but I'm sure that's what it was And he's laughing in there nervous laugh because he knows it's true Cating, yeah, skating, right? Okay, bother me five six seven Oh five sixty last call for some phone calls. I'm just gonna read this whole book on the camera That's what I'll do This is pathetic. Here's a mobile and more games. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir Hey, man, I'm listening for the same call, man. I want to say man You know, I heard the first that I feel what they were talking about a long ago and in this kidney and so forth But as a fan of the Miami heat what's going on with him and the Miami heat how long is he gonna miss? Hello, yeah, how long is he gonna miss? You know you have any idea on this time frame here 10 years 10 years Get out of here five five get out of here two and a half Get out of here. He might have a retirement about one and a half He's gonna limit he's gonna hurt the heat. Is that what you just said to he could He's gonna get hysterical let me just make sure I understood the words that came from your sick looks Did you just say he's gonna hurt the heat? He's gonna hurt by him. Yes, and he has a fan I hate to see him go, but if he's gonna be hurt But you know he's gonna hurt you said he's gonna hurt the heat. He's got he's got him in his these man He's got the top doctors in the universe sitting right there with a long resume that you heard this morning And you're telling me he's gonna hurt the heat that you're reaction to it. I heard I heard the resume But I didn't hear anything about his time frame how long is he gonna miss? That's as a fan as a person. I'm feel bad How are you? No, you don't feel bad. Are you care about it said he'd be there so he you can win? That's true. Okay, thank you. You've got a lot of nerve that alons though. Yeah, I want to I got news for him And I put your public is pissed off because you're gonna hurt the heat That's right. I just heard it from this search for it to hear right here just moments ago You're gonna hurt the heat you better we consider you better go ahead and play and if you die you die But in any kind of you'll score a few points That right there that's summed it up perfectly One call on the board is this one call at a time Monday is that what this is today? Can I just answer this? Let's replay the press conference I'm sure there must be some Arabs and Jews killing each other again. Let's put that on 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless one we have reached the bottom we reached rock bottom here today This is the end Here's a mobile implantation hello Okay, I called you a while ago before you wanted your occasion talking about the trip to remember I'm talking about the sock market I don't know no, yeah, I do get a lot of calls some days I told you can buy it 15 or 16 yeah, which I do? Which I do in so bit of 22 and when short so I don't know who you'd go through but I got a few if you listen to the show You know it's mid-church you know he's my broker Well, why do you say with a guy like this? How how am I how am I gonna change you broker every week? Because I want to do every week. Oh, no, no, not open you change But this guy he's a family you know I'm really in the sweet. He doesn't know what to do Yeah, he's just playing the he's playing the stock of the day I had left the message to George for someone to you to call. I don't want to go on the air who I am and I had recommended somebody that would be calling you and apparently you never adhere to the call But never the rest I never adhered to the call. What does that mean? Well, you never called he called you and you never you wouldn't call them back or whatever call I'm just trying to help you out me because I think you're nice Yeah, I know I'm losing eye handle with this because I got a stock broker that takes all the dogs Stop keep balls in love with stock stock that were how do you ever go and you just keep chasing him You know I can say it up to the moment of September. I was off five and a half percent yeah Which is a winner huh, which is a winner and now everything I have has moved and straight back up again So you just in the wrong place this guy is going to the spot of the day like the flavor of the day He's gonna fuck of the day and you're not in the center Since we're not the stock of the day these days it hasn't been the stock of the day for over a year now It's been a good one But the right the guy would fight stock on the way down You know by trying to catch a falling dagger right exactly you said the first time. Okay. Thank you Didn't remember when he said that exactly the same thing see so my stock broker blows but you got to get some new material man Like you're like falling on a what do you say Falling on a broken stick something like that and then stick it up your Yeah, that's what I can do with all stock stuff Now this guy means well he's right he's got a good point, but don't worry about it. I just lost 20 money and Vegas I can afford it. I'm spreading it around a little bit sharing the wealth Hoping me totally that's correct. I'm helping. I'm watching it trickle down right down my leg 21 till the one at five 60 W QA I want to do I give you the real thing here now Come on America Time to grow up and pick outside the closet Celebrate up out your sleepers and bring out the gays of Bring out the gays of the gays of the gays Celebrate up out your sleepers and bring out the gays On all the ages you can get Freaky and reaches an all-married just right. You're not feeling anyone anymore It's in the papers every day. So why not catch up with the rest of the world? It's only the cybers with truth that's that you're so free next time you want to reach out for good Which one have all of that? Friends of our door secret and bring out the gays Reckham bring out the gays of the gays of the gays of the Friend of our secret and bring out the gays of your disciple that your name 1145 at five 60 W QAM So the globe has a story here and of course on the airplane I care a lot of good time meeting all the Appabroid discreet lieutenant bush was two drugs of fly you call that a peanut shocking Medical reports documenting that George W. Bush was often too drunk to fly when it was in the Texas International Guard Our said to be released on an effort to destroy a presidential hulter source can find the yellow tent was a big drinker And if he had been suddenly called the duty would not have been allowed in the cockpit It is claimed The report experts agree are a potential bombshell that could be relevant bush campaign if genuine They were absolutely done in my forecast one insider The appear to show that while other guys as age were dying in Vietnam George W. was parting like crazy in Houston If you'd been called a fly in several occasions He would have been able to because of alcohol consumption and hangover The papers have been gathered by renegade Democrats who are furious and outgoids decision not to launch any personal attacks on his opponents as a source Governor Bush has made a stunning recovery in the pool that now show the two candidates running neck and neck The Texans already under fire over how we got into the guard now. We appeared to go a wall halfway through his service Critics have charged that Bush only elisted to keep from being sent to Vietnam according to the sources He was assigned to a squad nicknamed the champagne unit and turned into a wild party animal The group aiming to derail Bush as they gathered detailed evidence about several lost weekend reveals the insider They alleged that he and his best buddy regularly took off down to Mexico spending days wicking to Kila and chasing local girls When they got back on base, they were too blind to the fly when they arrived and still on 15 following day In checking if Bush had been unable to fly because of drinking Lobes spoke to a well-play source and Texas for measure with a governor service He confirmed that Bush is flying experienced with the national guard and Texas ended after he refused to take a medical exam It was a mandatory physical body refused to take it said the source presumably he was concerned about what it would show It meant he forfeited his pilot license and could not pilot any longer Instead of the future governor applied the switches and a service to the Alabama National Guard is a non-flying paper shuffling rule But according to numerous sources, including the man who would have been his commander Bush never even showed up for duty George W. Military Services a developing scandal at the insider if the two drunk to fly record They're released in proved genuine than his goose's cook It says and right beneath that is a story about your Librimans wacky divorce Which the only thing I find really wacky in the stories about the fact that his wife Hadasa has a son from a previous marriage For first husband was rabbi Gordon Tucker of white-plained New York. Oh They don't come no more Jewish than the Librims. I'll tell you that right now Here's Miami Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I was going all right and yeah, I went to the Texas last night and I went to Abbott here Which is a big big mistake going over there to watch me Go on to do this to me. Yeah, yeah, well in the part where the two priests are in the room and Having sex was no With he's devastating over the bed or the edges in the champion yeah, I'm never saying the Yeah, yeah, that's what Yeah, well, we're saying I was moving. I've been mentioned other cell phones and all are talking and laughter going on I don't know And you're the movie Well as that's going on the priesthood saying I know they said about like 12 15 times Yeah, exactly Yeah, somebody in the audience There's okay everybody now you get the whole field of chanting that Excellent, yeah, I love it. I have so many niggas. No, you can't go to movie do and enjoy the order 560 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T and for wireless Fireless line and out of town 877 785 63 40 fun which brings to mind our pool question They the biggest obstacle facing black America today is lack of responsibility is a 61 votes 49 and a half percent lack of education job skills 50 40.6 percent big a three only 12 9.7 percent Out of a call feature enough of 123 votes on here Speaking of the Paul Street turnout. What what is this story here? There. I know this is Monday, but this is particularly An engine hunting thing you think you're coming back after that. They think it's still going on So you're trying to say that our program director screwed up this high rate That I know you think people want he has to what what people are like the way of the power is to be in the station Trump the powers that be Well, if first came on the station. Remember very Jack. Asked all in dignity one cup. Oh my on the sports station You'll find this refuse to carry a press conference where Jimmy Johnson announced that he had three hairs fall out over the weekend Yeah And here we are three years later kicking serious ass Dominating this radio station and his market and very Jack ass again being made a total full water for getting the story wrong Consistently again a real big story getting it wrong And we're gonna take this this show and turn into another series of press conferences for dogs and coaches and all the other crap Is that what you talking about? Okay Here's Kendall. Hello How you doing? I started to the press conference I have a fire point on Friday show the board said it was excellent. Yeah, it was really really good And I can put the videos them what he says the professional gym What are you thinking about? Yeah, how long did you work all weekend on it? I got the rough stuff right here. Yeah, no, the good show is that the queen clean after it was I like that like those important of you who was my friend to criticize Israel and Almost as bad like if you criticize Israel, I can be criticized the humans for nearly everything. Yeah, but this is coming from a guy who says to me that he's Shot by the fact that I'm ashamed to be Jewish No, I don't want to guess he's never been in hell and down Okay, I don't know what he had a soccer bird and is going through a sound of light You know, Georgia's got a problem with his anti-Semitism and I understand that and that's going to probably Yeah, it's problem for all the Jews Which doesn't bother me either I couldn't care less about any of that stuff It's like I'm gonna give you good parallel the business. I was well pissed everybody off I care about as much about what's happening in the Middle East as I do about a lot of morning's press conferences morning I put them both on a same level in terms of my own life I have no interest in either one none none Zero and That sounds bad. I'm gonna say it again. There are lots of people out there who have lots of illnesses There are people with no money who have illnesses fall worse than whatever. I want the morning is gone But the problem is because or everybody is an icon and people in this society are falling to one-two categories No, three categories So the icons the divas and the rest of our schmucks that's it That's our classic side in America you either an icon if you're a male a diva if you're a female Which I that word is just makes me nauseous or you just another schmuck like all of us the bus 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I should have stayed in Vegas. I could have made it all back Yeah, I could have done that mature routine and chase my money. I could have quadrupled down Here's a mobile on sweet water. Hello Hey, I just want to say that I think that showed George this fry was the best one ever hit and that woman he had on was great Cheta super personality Well, woman he had on I had a good Sheardard self as Queen I call it that yeah You want to get it for obviously I don't understand why I already guys that I guess for Palestinians called it. I don't know why more juice being called in but Because it's very because as soon as they heard George was gonna be on the juice all too now Well, it was it was a very interesting show and I I'll say I don't catch this show much of it each day But I catch a little bit. I don't get the anti-semitic thing I don't know if you just With a Jew or something that may be you're missing my point if nothing with his position on Israel I just consistent with this problem with Jews. He has a Jew problem Well, I don't I don't see this. Maybe he knows. Maybe George can fit my life He's done a show for a hundred years believe me. I see him every day Monday to Friday for a hundred years He had a Jew problem. He doesn't like Jews Well, I just thought he's got it on just talk his homophobic and he's in denial about that I had a long chat with Joe Costello about this one George was out on vacation couple He agrees with me. He knows George like a book inside and now he's got a real problem with faggan Jews Which is why he does this show? Okay, well, I thought the show was great. I'm sure it was Have a great thing. Okay, but see I'm glad that George did a great show on Friday It's like I've been telling you like when I came back from being on a labor 10 and a half week and George He done a show all summer just like I predicted he did a great job the waiting state What up there? He did fine everybody seem to be happy But today is Monday. It's not Friday anymore. Okay. I don't want to keep dwelling on George's anti-semitic Amunday and to think that it was suckers too. That's really loving the salt in the room. I'll tell you right now Just take it over this fact. He don't like the Jews Which he thinks it bothers me. I don't care and I saw it crap that's such crap though What did I don't like the Jews? It's true You have a Jew problem that it's so nothing could be further from the truth I have Jew envy if anything how could you say that? Jew bastard say now it's starting to come on see how much that took about two seconds So it took just a little provocation and right away Starting off a guy damn hot button Five six seven or I'm I don't have a problem with anybody I just have a problem with his audience today because they don't want to play it again today They don't want to talk I will read this whole guy damn both this part of a gala book is more interesting And he didn't heard about the show that George did about Jews and Arabs again. I'm trying to I don't care about Jews and Arabs don't you understand? I don't care And I might just I might hasten to point out that the Jews aren't the one except for course for the ones that kill a Yitzhaku I mean But they're not the ones that are paralyzing all over the rest of the world those are the slime ball era So you see we got problems on both sides the Jews isn't care about that like the plane that's the just a high jack from the Saudi Arabia over the weekend And the Cool what is it all they have to do get out of their land? It's all those evil Jews like that been rotten guy those are ones cousin all the problems 560 50 50 560 pound 560 on the AT and T You see since the data been during since those days when they blew up a guy then hotel and Jerusalem since those days They try to different approach See I just and you think you think that see this is the thing that cracks me up about your he thinks that I care I don't care And it's a Not little consequence to me it is of no consequence to me none Zero if you give me a free plane ticket on LLL lines with all of my ideas lost in the biggest in cash and small bills I still let them go no chance 490 still known at 560 WQF Okay trouble one at 560 WQF Let's show rehash all that stuff about the Middle East what do you say let's talk about the Jews in the A-Rand Let's talk about each hot guava in western peace and let's talk about this one in that one and all those other goyim over there too Let's not leave them out Let's not and say we did What a surprise a conflict in the Middle East between the Arabs and the Jews How the hell could that be going on again 560 560 Let me give you some important information see the stuff that I talk about is important not worrying about stuff that doesn't affect your life Olive oil shimmering on your feet Come back from that weekend in Vegas my skin is so dry out. It's like like Bacca va yeah That's some Arab what do they call that stuff the Greeks that what is that like phylo though P.O. fire Farms with but anyway, so Just cracking and dry and peeling including my feet which when you're diabetic you don't want to have dry a crack feet No way who's a So last not a good home from the airport after walking through that deadly MIA First thing I do is I smear olive oil on my feet which are a mess and I'm doing it again here as I work I've got thanks to my good close friend, South Alconey This bottle of extra virgin verriolio olive oil from Italy the Italian And what I'm thinking about it here when I'm sitting right here in the studio doing the show I ask you more about my feet And within those hemorrhals though all the little scintags not stuff vanished is fuck a freaking miracle So don't think that I didn't tell you okay. There's some useful advice something that actually affects your life It's like when we were talking about you know which way do you white thought words back that has something to do with your real life Not about you know who's right the herbs of the guy being Jews of the goddamn Arabs or whoever else Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, I know yes sir. I'll put that shmere on the feet you get me everybody crazy Yeah Let's stay out of that Hollywood's so little gaming the deal is a long copy. Yeah 560 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line 8777 85 6345 audience has no material today There's a guy that was on a hole when I was talking about the olive oil and now this becomes his material This becomes his material But what he had when he called he shmere and I was actually probably in the olive oil too Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, yeah, how you doing? Okay, this is just first of all. I thought I thought church's program was interesting in that it was sort of like the other side of the human thing It's like showed you another side so I thought it was intelligent I thought it was all dumb But that's what I called you about that. I mean I didn't offend me in anyway I'll talk about George Bush What freaks me out about this is that the public perception is that this guy's a leader and this guy is the guy that takes trust to To handle this guy They ought to be reading part the gallows book because yeah, one of the first things he points out is that the government Textures like many other other states the governor is largely a ceremony a role in meeting has almost no power But what scares me, me I was at rewatch these debates and and When I'm the picture, I suppose he looks like Alfred E. Newman was across with rock corral. I don't see what they're seeing when they're the way the media reports is You know, maybe I just have a bias perception, but I just don't see this guy and As a leader and the fact that he's the one I won't what makes you see our go as a leader Well, let me tell you that I know you don't like the guy so I know no, let me I don't want to persuade Let me clarify one thing yeah, even though I will vote for him I don't know not only don't like him. I despise him He gives me the creeps he makes my skin crawl in fact. I think my heels are so in a crack again Yeah, I better search my any alcohol again. Yeah, a little a little bad way Well, let me tell you why I don't have to over move that as you do first of all He I know you and I like so then we were both from the agency could run He has been involved in this administration for a year and I really think that you and I have During the trouble around by the Republican spin This guy is no one having no one have it. I said there and I watched him and just like I said last week You sit there rooting for somebody come on hit the home one now. Let me get a single do something Say something meaningful smack him in ahead. You know Show him up for the phony and dummy that he really is and he just has he done it and I'm telling you He just take this to the bank if he doesn't knock him off his socks tomorrow night and that debate who has got no chance If he thought I'll tell you he will because this form in the town hall meeting where bush can't give his can responses I think that but I want I just want to say one thing I'll cause that I'm gonna run out of one of just leave this because there's a film call that's in tender And all I want to say is there a couple of speeches in there. I think every American should see before they wrote But I think tomorrow night the town hall setting where bush is certain have been to questions like that woman and Apocony when he said it as a life You She should go for him and he sort of went All right keep the fake me. Okay, back back to You know, do I have confidence that Gory's gonna do what he just said that he's gonna do to him? Do I believe it? No, no, okay, that's there approach No personal attack. Why the hell not you're running against the man that's a moron This book this is what they should have been running on everything in Paul the Gallows book is our children learning Yeah This should be required reading before anybody votes To find out what this man is really all about In fact, and also what his running made is all about that you leave him and made look like a reasonable guy as New King which says in here Big Cheney, let me get the direct quote It's a Cheney's voting record was slightly more conservative than mine. That was a new king which is exact quote It says that like being more pompous than Marshall and Bach like being more weird than Dennis Rodman, but it's true Cheney was remarkably comfortable being on the losing at a similar off-sided votes of the 435 members of the House many of them from very conservative districts Cheney was frequently just one of our Dista does there to who state out the cookies of the Kuqriit position for example In 1988 Cheney was one of only four members of the entire House of Representatives who opposed the undetectable firearms Act of 1988 which outlawed guns which are made with so little metal that can defeat a metal detector When he was asked to defend the vote that was so right when even they in our age didn't support him Cheney smart out of response was while obviously I wasn't in the pocket of the NRA How do you like that Perhaps trying to suck up to that all important cop killer vote Cheney was one of only 21 House members to oppose a ban on Amopursing cop killer bullets and Almost as inexplicably he was one of just three big one congressmen to vote against funding programs to prevent family violence and provide Children for the victims of family violence and it goes on and on his anti-kid votes Byzantium woman votes Light wing extremists and you leave a rent because they and they're still talking the talking hits the same crap about Oh that debate was the best that was great because they were so civilized and they were so polite Said there would be like having a tea party between Goldomear and a off-hittler Yeah, they shared a few crumpets he had a little bit of monster. She had some brought words that everybody had a good time Nobody got screaming nobody was angry. It was very civilized He put on a schmoth on his head. She was singing she was drinking German beer out of an out of a big sign Yeah, it was wonderful Like we're talking to goddamn a lot. I said last week on a freaking tea party Instead of a presidential campaign and he's talking head assholes in the media You're the ones responsible for brainwashing the public as if anybody who dares who has your destiny to expose somebody else's virulent Let's it oh my god they're going on the attack again. They must be bad They're going back on the word. They're doing a detacking again Thank God I live in the Netherlands I'm an attacking unit five sixty W to QM Five sixties Where you fudge back him after years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation To avoid Brian Wilson is ready to release the collection of his latest composition Do you have any idea how he's hard to do sound What I mean here's how you sound that back in 62 from this early beach boy recording session Hey man, did you like it? You're a little too Right here Okay, wait wait wait wait wait wait You like it. Oh, that's very nice Brian Did you like it a little harder dance to You like it. You have very very nice Brian The Brian Wilson selection of burned out composition you like it. Oh, yeah Master happy available now on eBay You like it well, I've got to be going it He like it Yeah, I'm not gonna play I like it. I don't like 15 to five to any more than I'm gonna play all over the spot again get that look on your face We can't at first was too drunk to fly He's putting out their care. Oh, no, he's he's an all American man at the George W That was born with a silver spoon and there's echo like every member of his family My favorite thing in here's about the let me see if I can find a line about the Texas Rangers She was a favorite business everything he did and somehow probably that in the millions and millions of dollars in the more he failed the more money he made Incredible here it is 1998 Bush who is by now governor Texas and his partner cell the Texas Rangers largely because of the value of the taxpayer Fondred stadium and generous partners who increased bush you share of the team from less than 2% to almost 12% without requiring to invest another dime Bush makes it killing his original $6006 dollar investment net the return of 14.9 million dollars How do you like that And it just goes on and on I'll say it again every person in America She should be forced to read at gunpoint this book is our children were named by Paul the Gala before they vote on Tuesday number 7 dumb and dangerous There's a lady in Bokeh hello Hi Neil. I have a couple common to make while you're in the sense of education and children which are more regret You're talking about my big issues. What is your I have a couple questions and then I'm hang up what is your opinion on school vouchers The second thing is about your Bush Lampy not competing for his brother and the state of Florida. What's up with that? Because you know that everybody in the state of Florida's on the hands of luck. He says the better they are they probably got him They probably got him in a lot box You think that yeah, I mean because he's not that broad either No kidding and also the first common I wanted to make was after the debate on the other night just as just a School vouchers Yeah, they're not Really suck and instead of fixing the school. They just want a break in a car. Yeah, that's the final that final day will be crossing right now And also if it totally catered to the religious right with really In theory it's me but also it was serious me more is after the debate last week They asked him or after because I watched NBC What his opinion was of George W. Performance and I got to say maybe I'm stupid But I felt like great adequately or he has no personality but in terms of intelligence Togent he adequately answered the question and And what they're just completely supported Bush's Persona on TV that he came across He did and what is wrong with you talking ahead to go not have a thing Let me see it again. He did come across well that's because go let him off the phone I don't think he did we didn't have any questions I'm sorry, but he did and they had him programmed very well and he came up with a great idea I answered about education and social promotion and getting rid of it and how unfair was the wax another minority He and the head in program real well and and gorgeous up in standing there. He had ten chances to knock him out He just let him stand yeah because gone has no hick up well That's the problem. There you go. But anyway, I just wanted to come tell you and voice my issues. Okay. Good luck to us. All right. I'll see if they Apples three four five times 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 1810 Verizon whatever slide See everything has come down to cosmetics did Bush look okay They look fostered was he drilling a lot this time was he hopping and puffing much the first to make no already much done pretty good It wasn't that he did so good. It was that grower never ever Came on me it really came on me a time just a one time back the middle of a corner was absolutely correct in those statistics about health care In a state of Texas Also I should point out in the LA time yesterday, which I read and the plane coming back from Vegas on the front page Big story about Houston has now passed LA in terms of pollution And in Paul the yellows book he goes on a great length about all the money they have to spend about they have days when athletes can't go out And use them high school athletes and practice because the air quality is so bad So he had I'm right there on the ropes. Okay. Now here's your chance finish him off baby And then he just like back to way back into his own corner again Well, see I don't want to come across as being a bad guy is being the attack dog here Gauly shucks He makes me nauseous. They could be running my little dog against Bush and boot him But no leave it to the Democrats. They come up with an algorithm You can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have one And you'll be brimman two words come to mind be civil when I see him Casper milk toast Yeah, well, I think we don't have a very civilized discussion here tonight and debate the important issues Me and dick There's another guy all I had it how come Joe Lee laborman couldn't come up with all of stuff That's in Paul the gallows book here about the changing some of which I just got through reading There's tons and tons and tons more here. I'm sure you know that all I mean just just talking points if they were just gone down the list of talking points He's got in the end here just in case they could have somebody read the rest of the book to him About how Bush will screw up the economy with his an early $2 trillion of your surplus in tax breaks for the rich And it's threat to social security which even is on advisors Say Social security plans guarantee that benefits will be cut And of course on and on about health care and how he made Texas top center pollution because all his friends in big business and His claims for education improvements all came before him Mark white and and which it had nothing to do with any Improvement and education in Texas and The fact that he's in bed with the gunnuts and not coming clean about what he was doing with the war in Vietnam We see preferential treatment to give the Texas air national guard Score only in the 25th percentile in the pilot after to test yet received the special commission to be a pilot despite a long waiting list And it's commanding off his head. He failed to report for duty for an entire year There's that missing year again in Alabama The banjo on his meat and a bottle of his lips and Up his nose No, we don't want to go on to your tax See I like to find out just like I had to call around Thursday who was talking to me about how bush was a former alcoholic Let me say it again, do you sure No such thing is a former alcoholic and you can ask any alcoholic and they will tell you the honest answer is once you're an alcoholic You're always an alcoholic You can be a reformed alcoholic which means that you're on a wagon One day at a time, so yes, that's right One step at a time one schlepper at a time And I think that's your honest question to ask There's a miracle want somebody who's an alcoholic and has a substance abuse problem as their presence no that's a legitimate question to ask Here's a mobile in big-time key. Hello. I'm the old I Hate to do is you're on a whole politically. She'll like can I change this subject go ahead whatever you want? You know, I'm probably one of your biggest fans. I must say I live in Tampa and I was I've always been a big fan and I come down to shop for a A couple times a month to do some business And I must say what a what a long long summer Please don't pick the summer off again. I've taken off over here I feel appreciate you know George is okay, but He's an anti-sonite I missed your you're would them throughout the summer. I just want to say oh George is wise about things that's you know He cares about We call me I got no material. I just want to tell you that okay George doesn't care see yeah He don't care. He's used to it right now. He's got that tough six humans can now he can take all the crap all the shots And I'm taking some off again next year You're at that And whatever I want to take it off It's they're gonna pay me to be gone all summer. I'll be glad to do it I mean that's that's a hell of a deal. I think they're in next time I'm not even gonna fall down and break any bones. How do you like that? Bye bye. Yeah Yeah, go ahead Neil. We'll dance for them now get out of here. Remember that call never forget him And so I did But just to push that kid off I came back That's of course I got to make back all the money I'm losing with my stock broker Mitch Hirsch and all the money I lost in Vegas this weekend See that's the thing even though I had got pummeled in Vegas this weekend It's a drop in the bucket compared to what make Hirsch is cost in me Not to mention those great stock tips I get from Irma's brother-in-law Yeah, his brother-in-law Who had a long talk with an Arab shick in a dream one night after after a bad drunk He had a dream like Martin Luther King Oh see you gotta say that today because it's it's the million family marches going on now Well, and you know I'm here like it's I'm here and they're all marching to a boat gangels who I'm here That that's the rumor Maybe that's why they and you do notice when O'Ando had his press conferences when there said that this is a common place thing in black people This kidney element You didn't hear that Let's do other see there you go not only is an anti shemite. He don't like blacks. He don't like fangs I was like he was it's all he liked it is all people or Cubans with green teeth. That's what he likes see Here's some rise. Oh, hey new. How you doing okay? Contrary to the other caller. I think George has shown Friday was superb It's fact it was phenomenal. Yeah, um You said once that George had a lot of knowledge about History and world event that it was like that, but now you said I didn't know he was that good Yeah, and it was unbelievable The situation with George Bush and Gore like you said I think you are correct because I don't think I think it's people. Gore people fold him not to get too hard Right, and that's that's their strategy because of the polls What's up my wife? What happened to Bubba? He got real hard and what happened to him and Gopin and space. Yeah, so to speak But um that's why I got him as far as George's show. I think it was the best I've ever heard in fact I think it's in the top five the best show you ever heard your life and it's not five of all your shows It was it was that you know something if George has gotten that good. I'm second Why does take the sum of off you know Huh What do you say let's take a pool on that tomorrow? Let's George do the show and I'll just take the paychecks. What's wrong with that? Good work. What do you say it could work well with George a doofa for? Well, no, he's no show. Oh a couple of bones. What do you say yes, you know come on you're the first vote Uh, yes, okay. Thanks. There you go. There's our first vote. I'm I'm leaving. Oh wait Yes George did such a good job on Friday. He won over even the even the people are heated in my position They love it. God must have been tremendous I got I was near to hear it but always using errors 26 after known at five 60 see you're getting all these anti-symites on that's what this is Yeah, he was picking on those because they're okay back here without a whole LA on tape. Yeah What's he doing? Yeah He's on circumsign Don't miss him those Amongst like me, he's got a great deal free food and a friend to set up wheels If you got a ball to give a call, just remember that he will take your crap He George economics You smoking George I'm pretty said at Georgia's finally there, seeing during the summertime they gave them a lot of crap in them keep them off balance, but this came up by taking the... See, it wanted me to take off your keeper and I said no way, because they've got a hockey game on that Monday. Why take off a day when I'm only going to be on three hours? When I can't take off a day like Friday, when I'm taking a whole four hours off. Pretty good thinking, Neil. Does anybody knows about taking time off, I've learned that real well. It's a one-finger-burner. But now that he just sneaked in there, I've tried to disparate spectacular show, and I'm taking 52 weeks of vacation and he or son's pretty good to me. Hey, how are you starting tomorrow? I'm okay, that Martin's scared. They've got flights all every day to week. It sounds excellent. So here's George. Well, here's somebody just texted me this, that I think George would really enjoy reading about. About Joe Lieberman, Israel and the racial bubble standard, and about how they pick on the Arabs over there, and they're like second class citizens. American should see the charge of anti-Semitism for what it is. It says, and ideological battering ram used to silence, any at all, rational criticism of organized jewelry, and its power and hypocrisy. jewelry, cellulatory, jewelry, jewelry, jewelry, kind of curating the kind of propaganda that George was putting here on Friday, you all seem so enamored with, guess what is this from, this article? The David Duke Report. Oh, my buddy. Here's a mobile and forward waterdale, hello. Yes, sir. First time calling on time, what's in there? I got a couple of things. I want to talk to you about first of all, as your buddy's a personal. You know what the football sounds are, right? You get that Jim Faisal there to say any 72% right? Well, what is the myth, of the first shout-out team? Every call you what they do, instead of calling you what the stock market is. So I'd like to know what they do. I can tell you what they do. They're losing my money factor. You are government imprimant. No, but, but, but don't you think that, you know, they make their money on sales and buy, buy it and make money when you sell it and make money. But that's all we are, the bunch of wars. But all they do is want to make money buy and sell it. That's the first issue. You don't need a full service broker. You need to take your take-or, can you your own hands? But the second issue I got was the presidential race. Yes, sir. I would like to, I don't know what the rest of this country wants, but I'd like to have a president that has a pair of balls and between those two presidents, they don't have a pair of balls. No, they're a couple of those smoothies, if you ask me. So I mean, what if there's such a year we have to let a war, can you imagine? Yeah, we're talking about the other first. The other would be two drunk to, you know, and of course, our will be asking about the etiquette of the whole of your hand. Exactly. Okay, we want to ask now. Call under that bench just like back in the 50s again, but that's nuclear fallout. Call under that schedule. Okay, you'll be safe from that mushroom cloud. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T, where I was running. George will be here tomorrow. What are you going to be talking about tomorrow? I don't know if you're bashing, Jews. It's actually, that's going to be, when over something on Friday, that's going to be George, you're showing every day. He's going to pick on a day. All right. Except as a accountant in my doctor. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Or even. All right. Listen, I don't like to see this before, but I caught it last night. It's a milk-away commercial. Have you seen it? No. The guys get ready to make a way. And then over your shoulder, the funky pops up. The outfit pops up, the other shoulder. And the outfit from the front of my dad, because I love like my dad. Okay. And it's just a funny thing. If somebody really wanted to hold on. They're all saying, he's all criteria. They want to do it. And then you die. And be just like his dad. He's been towards the end of the commercial. He got to say, why? I wear a pants like my daddy. And then the funky pants like those. I event the pants. It's for yourself. I guess you got to be there. What the monkey was, man? It was a great commercial. I thought it was very funny. Second thing about big changes. Somebody should come up with a rap like Twin Shady. If you go on man, whoever, you know, or come to real big changes, it's under real changes. It should be good. Not bad. And also, and also, this is true. Never fear in the summer. George is in. I'll talk about six and a half. One of five is not here. Thank you. All right. Five six, seven, five, sixy, pound five, sixy. On the 18th, 10th, right. So I guess that was the S.O. for George. What? You've got them all in a panic now. I don't know. You're not going to be here tomorrow. I'm not. You're going to be here tomorrow. No seriously. I mean, look, put yourself in my shoes. Why would you want to come in here? And I'm begging for calls today because it's Monday. And because they like your show so much on Friday. They probably rather hear Jews and Arabs probably do today. Then hear me sitting here, whatever. And you know, I'm just in coherent, especially after that damn price conference. Kind of sue me. And I will fart like me. I'm not used to that. I like to orderly. You know, I come in and have an idea of what I'm going to do. And then all of a sudden, they throw you for a loop. And you can't fart like me. Can't recover from that. I just can't bounce back away. I used to 100 years ago. Like, what do I do now? Well, when George is here talking about the guy damn Middle East every day, I guarantee we can work this now to really, I mean, up to a big number. Yeah. You may see nothing yet. You thought that Waffen has got the number, huh? Here's my make sure. Hello. Yes, sir. 1973. It's a very big training in North West and University. I think 73 to the Vietnam draft ends. So I won it ends. Equipped. The North School. Uh-huh. Dodge traffic. Dodge tractor. Whatever. Not on the other side. He's a Dodge tractor. Oh, I'm damn it. T was one of only 12 house members to go to against the older American back to the memory of 1984, which provided nutrition and support services for elderly people. He also voted against funding it for three years after that. Cheney back raising the normal social security retirement age from 65 to 67. In 1985, it was one of only 39 members of the house who backed the budget. They're limited cost of living in just a sense of their social security. 2% annually for three years. And it goes on and on and on. But of course, you leave them and he couldn't come up with anything. Because he wanted to have a civilized discussion there and see how wimpy he could sound. Oh, that was just wonderful. That's the kind of dialogue verbal given takes. Yeah, right. Take a good crap because that's what it was pure under the way they'd crap. You could take those the first two presidential debates and advice presidential or show a way that asks us that neutral assucking thing. You could take all three of them put them together and you have a got. Yeah, even a medium sized department dog crap like Dr. Lower had on a floor. Yeah, that's what her show has come to now. Dog crap. Hedis, the end of that on channel 10 do I ever listen to rock that bitch. Never. But I had to see the end of her show on channel 10 this morning because I was in Sweck that we got this special arrangement with channel 10. Well, we can put their audio on. Well, yes, what? Well, murdered it. There's Alan Jewish witness and all insistence but the PLO has never committed any kind of an investigation. Suddenly they won't. Yeah, and that's on CNN. How do you like that? I just put their ox. Do we have a special arrangement with CNN? No, I just stuck their audio on here because they don't like it. Okay, tell Ted Turner to take a goddamn blueberry animal if you don't like it. Alan Jewish was all this hock and it's Middle East. You know, something audio people including George waste in your energy and time. You've been better off to bring your ball in here on Friday. Who's the second? Well, like I said, maybe that's why they show us so good. Okay. God. Oh, it's the Arabs and the Jews. Five thousand years they've been killing each other. It's the same crap over a slick and piece of desert. And I'll say it one more time for the five minutes time. The only piece that has it worth fighting about is the one that I just came back from. And you can have that too. It's a little pondress. But you do notice it was the Italians and the Jews that got that thing going to. Right. We're a different feather. Let's bring back the old crowd. That's what we need here. Those are the Seagull, Hyman Ross, aka Myolanskick. Let's bring the old Jews back. I see your stone crabs open again last night. A lot of plastic asshole, either Joe Stone crab, you know. The new Roger show, sports radio, 560s, a half. Oh, one, so you're so big. We know, Joey, two sperm. Ooh, I'm tired. How much longer than yet? My egg. First we got to get to the unit. How far is that? Grave, ballet. We got to raise the go. First we got to go back to the esophagus. 444-560 WDKM. So George WD, who of course is right up there with Dan Quill. Showing his brilliance about 424 says on June 22, the last year to be slow back journalist. The only thing I know about Slovakia is what I learned first hand from your four ministers who came to Texas. Who shed in fact met with the Prime Minister of Slovenia, not the four ministers of Slovakia. Felicia got someone to let us ride. All right. I once lobbed another swab right. He says keep good relations with the Greece. Good for your hair. Or your earns. If the East Chemoriants decided to be bold, he says, I'm sure I'll have a statement. So that one again. If the East Chemoriants decide to be bold, I'm sure I'll have a statement. He says the key to foreign policy is to rely on reliance. He says there is medmen in the world and there are terror. And he's all documented associated press for more 60, 2000. On and on and on a ghost. 560, 560, 560. This is why I find very disturbing. I don't have a lot of really dumb people in this country. I mean if I had a dollar for each one, I wouldn't be here right now. I'd be out of here today instead of tomorrow when George is going to be on. But how could anybody with any suffering spec? I mean no matter how plastic and how folic and how full of crap and how exaggerate, I'll go all the things all of these things which he is. How could anybody bring him or her or itself to catch the vote for somebody this dumb? I mean, we've had your own force. He was pretty damn dumb. We had Eisenhower was borderline, you'll literally, a great general, but borderline you'll literally. But here is a man who wraps them all up into one unbelievably dumb bundle. And yet there he is. He's 3.2 head today, 4.2 head tomorrow. We like them. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, meh, how are we doing today? I'm right. I was going to say George did have a wonderful show. That's what I'm here and I hear he's got part 2 online up for tomorrow. What do you think? I think he's trying to take over. Good. So I'm going to be a dress. Actually listen to that, but it's better mine in myself when I've got some 2 CDs of yours. Right? I have to take in graduations is very, very funny. It is good. I thought you were put it together this year. Definitely. Definitely a big one. You'll be right on in. I just want to say he never paid me for the CDs. I want to be able to calm the ass today. Okay. I'd like to say Steve, you need to pay me my money because you're one of the hell of an asshole. Okay. Hey man. Steve, you're an asshole. You said in the home, you were an asshole. That's what the guy just said. Put up for a shot. Maybe Steve is doing it for the DVD right. 2D days, 60 days, 90 days. Like 5.5, 5.5, 50, 5.5, 50, 5.6. We've got a number of people who are going to be a 2D day. That will be between 5 and 6. This is the same Hank who was here on Thursday. Tell me that along with the most significant human being on a patient. Is that what Hank said? That turns out he was right. He said he was the most significant scarcer that he's ever heard of in his life. And I thought, well, whatever. He both came for a 6 to late 15. We got all kinds of stuff tonight. Baby, 815. Cardinals at the message. Cardinals are gasping for oxygen. And after that, there's all over. We'll have the ass-in of the Jaguar Titan game. We try to be a pretty damn good money that football game. But of course the Maple Leafs had bankrupted night. Anybody else going to be watching that? No, I will. Here's more, Jade. Hello. Yeah, Georgia shelf Friday was great. Yeah. Yeah, it was great because he had this guest and she was terrific. And he loved it already. He heard that. What? Where have you heard that? Well, wait, you had a guest in the studio? Yeah, she's in house. You were head of guest in the studio? She was handy. Oh, my God. Here I thought he did a great show by himself. So, in other words, he had a lot of time to do the show. No, he had somebody out of the loose. Who knew what she was talking about. Oh, well, I knew it couldn't have been him. No one George, I talked about 4.0. He sounds like George W. No, he also sounds like George W. He sounds like Heinrich Kimmer. Oh, yes. It's like compassion as nasty as he is. Right. Now you're talking. I can't hear right. But George W. Yeah. But otherwise, I'm hoping that the show tomorrow will subs. Oh, it'll be great. Ha ha ha ha. See, you got these people all nervous now by not telling the truth. George is taking over the show. I'm still getting paid. The management doesn't know this yet either. And what's your show going on? What do I think doesn't make? They don't care as long as there's something like, Like, like that, like a little sound on here. One thing I've learned all, all through the years. These people aren't any different from anybody else. As long as there's something on here, that's all I care about. Of course, they expect a way to say up there and a revenue to keep coming in. But they, what do they know? They figured it'd never happen anywhere by our sources. Like that. It's like you can take that right now. Just take that off the table till that's where I was tomorrow. Still get a 90 sure. And we'll probably get people calling out Wednesdays and say, Can we hear that again? That was pretty good. There you go. I can't even do it doing that. Although I don't like it in that close to that microphone because you know what kind of crap is on there. You're a fruit particle. It's true. All the forest feeling of food that goes on. Now see, somebody sells people. They got a little bit of brains. When or forget to sell people, we'll get nothing to do with them. It's our own food we get in here. How much how much talent does it take? How distracting is it? Why do you're pretending to be listening to these cars? To eat a little topping from the pizza or a little something that's soft. But expecting somebody, especially with a bunhand, to be carving a steak and the pork chops with a fork and a knife. And otherwise that wasn't even over your life. It was like a butter knife. See, I needed a butter knife when I had the cast on moron. Peter Leonard, you idiot. When I needed a real knife, help me cut. You can't do all of that stuff. If there were just lots of meal in the pasta, a little bit of that pasta, the pasta was great. And that brought to 25 to 0. It's in my blood sugar skyrocketing. It made me sick. That's probably when I feed or all like, would those tanks on them like that? Skin tanks. It's kind of like a body technique. I want to have on me in the box if he keeps bringing that crap in here. You're out Peter Leonard. You're done. We took about your out. You're dead meat. Here's Northmine me, be it. Chelo. Northmine me, be it. Northmine me, be it. Are you doing great job, Nick? Are you in Northmine me, be it. Northmine me, be it. Northmine me, be it. Oh, it's getting dark about a minute. You got to take your national. Yeah. I got two things. Well, but then Georgia would have to do it because I'm not going to be here. I'm out. I'm out. I'm going to start looking around building the fire. So that's interesting. Guess who know what they're talking about. I'm going to bring Tommy in here to talk about drugs. Hey, hey, I know the loud drugs all those years. That's a new haven here as a girl. Yeah, I'm sure he was one of them. You know, it's double. No, no. It's an all those that these need. I'm not pleased. I'm not a president. You know, Georgia, Dick. I don't know. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm going to thank you, Dan, and take a little piece of coal and they're tied to half the ten minutes. They'd have diamonds. They could retire. You're right. You know, not totally right. But the chanies want to really scare us. You know, and all I can say is Dick Chany before he picks out. Okay. That's it. And I forget he put the wreck in record. That's what the public elicists. More conservative than new king rich factor than a spinning bullet. Just in through the hearts of even the most harmless of all. I could read this whole thing, but they would be terminal. I'm like reading that much on here. But it's great. You really ought to go on and get this book. It's very small book. And you'll say, he's 12 bucks for that. But it's well worth it. It's well worth 100. Here's our children learning. And there's a picture of W on the front cover. The case against George W. Boyle by Paul Begala. I'm in fact, I don't know why go in. Leave her, I'm in the debate. Didn't just hold this book up in here. Instead of saying anything. They should have said, just turn to page 28 and this book. That's all. That's my response. But it's better than the job they did, especially that freaking julee woman. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. What I'd like to know is, where's all this liberal media? Because how long did we hear about the 100,000 dollar salary made on the futures? Yeah. But you know, Bush makes this 50 million by basically putting in 20 dollars. I guess you have to watch in Chris Matthews in the George Will. Yeah. I, the liberal. And Bob, no back in Rule 11. Yeah. And John McLaughlin. I mean, I don't find any entire Fox news that work. I don't see it. I don't see it myself. There is no liberal. No. And then Kim Russell is, who everybody knows Kim Russell is a democratic country. And he's been over back with the president with the apparent that he's not partisan. So now he's like attacking all the democrats and try to become a Mr. down the middle. Right. And I think that's part of it because what what could they talk about after the debate? It was about who side and who side. Yeah. That's right. You're welcome to issue. And I guarantee that, how you're in here that millions of Americans were sying and running their eyes the whole time. Really? I know I was. I'm just one more thing about Bush. He does not drink to this day, which tells you he still has a problem. Because he betrayed to take that first. Well, alcohol. I'm going to say it again. I'm not saying this about him in particular about just generally speaking. It happens to be true. And alcohol is an alcohol for life. Right. And when the pressure started, you know, if he were there in the White House and the pressure started getting a, in fact, look at the fact that he only had to do was to have a little bit of wine and some sushi. He was cooking his guts out. I don't know. But Bush is going to appoint all these Mark guys. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well, I like Pat Robertson. Right. Happy Canon. Yeah. Good luck to watch, pal. That's it. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, six. He made me pay for accounting downstairs, Pat Constellan. Anybody named Pat. Yeah. Give it a little pet on the cheek. Back goes. It's kind of that texture. A little boy football kind of thing. You know, they do the barbecue. And speaking, I just, I just, I hate, I hate, I hate, I hate, I hate I hate. I hate, I hate, I hate. Wow, I don't think I don't. I hate him to point out to you that speaking of the apple doesn't fall off in the tree. That his brother is just the same. The whole family are a bunch of arrogant, uh, a leadist. I'm not just dumb. And his brother, one of the worst people say, oh, well, you know, Jim seems more reasonable. My fat ass he does. Him and the crowd of people are supportive. You know, they used to sit at the Marlin games in those first few years when I was going to the Morgan's and where I would be. Did you have any idea where our seats were right along the foundry boxes there had mingle? Well, anyway, him and his whole crowd used to sit in fact he was there one night. That was before he became governor, Jim, and he just, uh, a loser. The most obnoxious, the most disgusting. And of course, a lot of your people too. A lot of your ultra right wing, a Cuban, uh, amigos. So, rather himself or the worst scum on the face of the year, that's Jim Bush. And next, it's a tele-hunter like a raving liberal. So, don't kill yourself. So, the whole bunch of him, in fact, daddy was the only one who seemed like a moderate and he wasn't all that great either. But he seemed like a moderate compared to the rest of these guys. That's probably because they got to him in the Toronto Latteral Commission. And the Bilderbergist and the Illuminati. Oh, no, no, no. 256 at 560, I love the Illuminati. Then they have a great son of a son of a son of a real Italian in the name. I mean, the Bilderbergist. That sounds like the Germans. Herd, she's... German Jews. There's a couple left. Now, what was the name of the, uh, the Batonberg? That was the name of the Winger, the house of Winger, the Brits, who turned off. See, this is the deal. It turns out they're German tiding everywhere. How much a Georgia's name in Cuba when you come by doubt with? How much an event in fact, I saw him at Godfather's Year that they would have it to be in a Hess gas station. How's Rudolf doing? We have those. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. I'm doing her that right. Just about everything and night, because with me, John and Ty, I pay you baby, come on. I waited in the sea, she finally gave it to me. Now, just like in her son, I can hear her voice. I've been dating birth and she worked for it ain't no lie. I was the first to go through that door. It's a my bye-bye. It's about time everybody knew. We can go in it like punishment for a year or two. I hate to say you were first to him at sea. I come by by. See the series, I'm so young and think I've got every day that I am within things. I hate to say you were first to him at sea. I come by by the sea. One or two or five, six, the other two, I'm happy I'm under two. Here's our post so far, the biggest obstacle facing Blacks in America. I asked this question because today is the million family march. The biggest obstacle to overcome is the bigotry. Twenty people said that I'm 231. Black of education in job skills 85. Black of responsibility, 120, six. Oh, I like that. So in other words, maybe they're saying, look at the mirror. I come up with something great now today and it really will be such a moment as day in my life. Now that you finally admitted to you first, I thought it was someone you had on the phone the way you were talking earlier on Friday. Now come to find out you had somebody in the studio, you had a guest on with you during the show. A part of it, maybe getting a part. Yeah, I could first hour. Obviously that right, the audience is foaming at the mother. The greatest show ever, I've been on here here for 25 years and George with this is really broad of whoever else he was on Friday. I was very, very sure when the history of the New Year was on your show and I wasn't even here for what do you say about it. So it's time to bring back the guest time to go back to that try and true that old sales stuff from the past. Let's bring the guest back. Let's give a few more and I might guess microphones in here, what do you say? Yeah, we can bring back the rabbis and we can have the ministers. We can get the nutrition people on here in the car or practice. Hello, doctor, I have blue lips. We can go back to those days. What do you say? That's what the audience wants me to go to these cycles and it hurt enough of my craft here already with his and all the fags stuff and I said music. I'm playing all the time. You like that, Nick. Number two album in the world, I should mention Revelation by 1980. Reveal this side, I should at first week on a chariot, it's number two. If you buy one album in your life and have any taste which of course most of you don't. But if you did Revelation by 1980, what's your, I'm sure what eight? Like poison, which shows you it's got a big good. That's right, that's your tape was bad before you got good. Here's the lady in Miami, hello. Me, yes, man. I wonder if you could briefly explain the electro-powered thing. It's right there is right between Ann Arbor and East Lansing, right between the two. So the mouth of the tape for today about our morphine fever. What is there to be confused about? What's the point? It's cloudy, we don't. Well, because it's an anacronism, do you understand what that means? No, it's out of date. It's like white bucks, remember white bucks? Yeah. Well, that's what the electro-powered is like. Well, it sucks. Amen. There you go. See, you know a lot more than you thought you did. Okay. That means if you live in a little small state like Delaware or Vermont or some little puny state like that, then your vote is almost nothing. But if you live in a base state like New York or Texas or California, then your vote means a lot. Because then if you say if the states vote was one by one popular vote, then a whole bunch of electro-powered children are going to go back candidate. But if somebody won Vermont by one voter Delaware, who the hell gives it that? So it's totally unfair, it's totally anacredible. It's the, it's goes to show it that we're stuck in it. It's like the same people that were going to buy them and it's crap from 5,000 years ago. The same thing. We're locked in a stone age. But all this other stuff, we're going to even send them into the moon now and we can turn on the radio and the TV and see a bunch of ugly people. Look at that, it's great. Yeah, but the Bible says, and the Constitution, the famous Constitution said, Well, that's because generally speaking, they treated us to people were more on. So like I said, maybe the article of colleges isn't such a bad idea after all. Well, they didn't have to see an end or fuck news in those days. Or or softball with Chris Matthews. Speaking of the liberal press. 560, 50560, 2560 on the AT&T and Verizon wire was lying. Here's what Latterdale, hold on. I knew. Yes sir. Next up, me on your program. Thanks for being on it all the way. We're out playing a church basketball league and we're calling out. Oh, and the emergency meetings. That's going to want to cough. We've got new lines of morning thing. Uh huh. I'm just just don't know, you know, with this activation of Eddie Jones and Grant, how we can take it to the next level of album. I know. It's just really heartbreaking for us. Yeah. And then we're keen to feel the heat. You know, we look up. Yeah, and then certainly of course there are those who packed the heat. Yeah, well. Uh huh. Like we're dumb. But anyway, we're calling the song and we could do have our meeting and pray that he can get some. Okay, well get on your knees, pal. You know, if you want to have him to a pop stuff five six seven five six five six five five six eight pound five six eight. It's just like those football games. I'm going to share it again. If we're talking yesterday about the quarterback for Jacksonville with those named Mark. Uh, what is his name? See how to slide out of mind. I came to take him as name, Brumel. And he's been from the staff from center and they were showing on the pre game on the NFL today about what he was doing with a ball. And how he was a grab in it. He was grabbing the center as well. And I'll share it again. You know, as long as you don't pay any attention that you can continue with his. Brainwash business about what a macho sport that is it's the saggyest sport in the history of mankind football. Make numbers pay the bottom. I. I'll say it for the eight minute time. What do you call it? What a guy comes up behind another guy who's been down on his hand in these and puts his hand under his ass. What do you call that? That's a gate club you moron. Yeah, and I get in close. You get in warm. Puppies hand under his ass and has to hold on me just in a certain way and he pushes a ball back into the hand. Huh? Just one. He pushes his pink skin back into his hand. 560, 1050, 50, 1050, 50 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. That is it's a faggy sport. I hate the birth of your bubble because I know that's all you care about most of you. All you suppose in sportsman is the fags sport. Hockey is just for for real men just like me. And if you don't want to take it for me, you take it from about the most grew-out man. We got in the whole building at the mad dog. Which evidently somebody pops you around with this thing. It was me. That's okay. He'll be back. 8 minutes after one at 560, WQN. The real question is, what walk-room char are you going to miss? Quickly be at. Which one would you like me to be at? Have you been in the char as a Panther? There's a real man. When this water back gets lonely, he likes receiving better water. Okay. Some people say that no parade is game. All right, they say it's all love to be grand-a-air. He goes down on a crazy man. It's kind of he likes to be easy-c'mere and so on. He loves to serve cowboys on their behalf. Like, like, like, like don't. He's got a spot just where he takes you. A merriest team is well-bent now. But he is toy game to have virtue deep or shame. Yeah. In the heart of the go down. A-a-a-a-a-a. He comes down on his way. He's a rare man. I can't almost be easy-c'mere. Don't let him cause he likes it from the... He's got some nasty audience today. He's getting a smudge, he'll call it, he'll call it a war in Hall or Bobby Hall or Brett Hall. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How's that pool doing? 146 votes. Biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today is, Bigger 322. Lack of education and job skills A9, lack of responsibility. 135. Oh, hey. In other words, get with the program. Here's Hall and Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hey, dude. Okay. Yeah, first time caller, I did want to say something while it's on mine. You thought it might be electoral college for that lady. Yeah, I was asking what the reason was for her vote. This is one of the biggest states. So, you know, the popular vote does affect the electoral college. So, everybody can get out there. The electoral college? Do you like the electoral college? Yeah. Yeah. Everybody should get out there and vote because we do have 25 electoral votes. Well, I'm not saying that we shouldn't vote, of course we should. Because this is the swing state, this and Michigan is probably the biggest at the moment. But the point is that it's the electoral colleges and that. And you know, something, this could be the year. That it happens again. Yeah. But I do agree with you about Gore. But you did have one caller that I wanted to mention. They were talking about on Middle East affairs. Either one of them has no balls. I think that Gore has a lot more experience to deal with the situation. Did you see Bush when the hole was really thing started in the comment that he made. And in his eyes, you could see he was scared to death, man. He has no idea what he was doing. He's been fed. He admits that he doesn't know where Kosovo is. In fact, if I go back into my book again, I probably won't be able to find it in front. But he admits he doesn't even know where Kosovo is on the map. He says, well, somebody please show me. I don't know where to find it on the map. He's proud of these things. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the guy is being fed. He's got a great campaign staff. I think Gore's hand cut off himself from that first debate because he was made. And all the size and the thing and everybody thought that that was terrible. So last time he had to be Mr. Nice guy and come off beautiful. But this is all about, you know, he's not a campaigner, but he'll be a good president. And Bush has no idea what's going on. You know, you put him in there. He's going to be lost. Six years in Texas. No, we're going to be lost. Yeah, that's for sure. I got one more thing for you before I go. There's a great site out there. AMI.org. And they show all the campaign commercials from 52 to 2000. Yeah. And it's amazing what you see when you watch these things and what these people had promised to do. And like Nixon, that's so being had great campaign staff. His commercials were fantastic. And what did he do? You know, so I mean, people shouldn't get caught up in the superficial here. Look at Gores experience and what he's been in the house, Congress. He's been on the arms committee. The man knows this stuff. I mean, we need to get out there and put him in office because Bush is going to really destroy us. Maybe we can find out of a personality before tomorrow night. Well, that would be a whole, that would be really helpful. Okay, we're going to have the search party. All right. Okay. March 24, 1994, 1999 President Clinton launched the search against the Serbian leaders. Slubber on the list of it's just not the practice of Ed McClensing. And the former Yugoslavia and province of Kosovo. Holy two weeks after the military engagement began, Bush was asked his position on Kosovo. The first large scale NATO fighting in history. He said, I support winning. And the strategy must America must be slower when gauge militarily. But once we engage, we must do sort of win. Did you get that? W.A. is for winning, which are supposed to be better for being for losing. And it gets worse. Four months after his, I support winning comment. And five months after the massive air strikes had begun. Bush still had to admit to a reporter. He didn't know where Kosovo was. I do need somebody to tell me where Kosovo is. He said, I know how to ask. Bush has dangerous ignorance seems to know no borders. Consider the following examples. After flailing around trying to remember the name of the general who had initiated cool in this nuclear country of Pakistan, Bush said the cool which over three are democratically elected government was good news for the subcontinent because it was based ability to the country. As the oldest constitutional democracy in the world, the United States of America, is not a habit of praising military coups over throwing freely elected civilian authority. In the Middle East, Bush declared that he intends to stand by Israel. We're not going to allow Israel to be pushed into the red sea. He said a neat trick given the fact that Israel borders the Mediterranean and barely touches the red sea. Bush went on to restore the versions of what he called inter ballistic missile systems that intercept missiles, but there's no such thing as an inter ballistic missile. Even as he was cramming for his major foreign policy address in late 1999, Bush demonstrated staggering embarrassing of hurt your eyes ignorance. Reading from his own speech in an interview, Bush declared that the United States should take action in Czech media if the Russian government attacks innocent women in children. When asked if that was in fact happening now, Bush was clueless, Bush oughted to a foreign policy adviser. They are attacking women in children, aren't they? Then he returned to the phone and declared, Condy Rice is shaking or headed to Greenland. No, you don't. You don't. You shaking or headed to the management. That's such a dupe as could be a serious contender for the presidency. Besides, don't folks not their heads in agreement and shake their heads in disagreement. Bush darned near committedists to war with largest country in the world of as far as China's concerned. In an interview with a conservative columnist, Cal Thomas, Bush was asked if you wish to commit a military power to prevent the people to public China from forcefully taking Taiwan. Yes, he replied, bluntly, when you're asking, is should we honor the defense back with Taiwan and the answer is yes? Ever since Nixon, American policy makers, a follow-up of the Court's strategic ambivalence about a response to the Chinese attack on Taiwan, never directly saying it would mean more, never directly saying it wouldn't. The ambivalence has kept the Chinese out balance and on the mainland for over 30 years. Bush blew it less than 30 seconds. Bush later called Thomas back and tried to unscramble the eggs saying, it's important that all the streets over Taiwan and China be settled peacefully. The one China policy has worked allowing Taiwan to grow and maintain a strong market economy, which is a good example of the region. And it goes on and on and on and everybody ought to be reading this book and spreading it out and handing it on to the headquarters. It's our children learning by Paul Begala. All very well documented, it's forgotten also who put up Begala's politics, etc. In addition to which Begala's from Texas and new Bush in Texas and personally like them, I'm totally fine about what I'm on, he was. Here's Pembert Pine, tell him. You know your station before the show is every day, I hope to buy Jews. Yeah. Tap them. Yeah. You go with the people. How about Begala? How many Jews are behind the woodwork so many? None. We don't have any old thing only on the year. No Jews allowed management. That's why the company is so bad. Five six said, okay, that was called George Call Now. I saw him go call me out on that line to get that guy on the air. I saw it. During the last commercial break, I wonder who he was calling out and he called out to, you know, wherever these guys hang out together and have their meetings wouldn't do like to do. No. I just, I'll pass, I'll pick a pass on that. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Miami, how are you doing? Okay. Oh, I'm so happy you're pushed. I mean, you call him a native and you're right. He is a native. But, but, I'll go with this a big and native idea. Okay, great. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, yeah sir. Can we hear? Uh, again. Here what? The, uh. Yeah. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60. Well, he won't think much ready. Well, he won't be back again. Then we'll get some good calls. They want to back again. It's actually getting the show. That's what I'm hearing. Georgian, I both suck but she's getting so good. She's getting the show. He is really broad. Here's the mobile and per line. Hello. Yeah, Leo, how are you doing? Okay. Actually, I don't want to see him. But I actually want to thank George for having five or the best shows I've been here on Friday. Oh, my god. I'm going to have to listen to the tape of the demo. Oh, and Jerry Pagan. In the other words, I've got to show. I appreciate the fact that first of all, I found that there was the most objective balance for trail of what's going on in the, it's really, really Palestinian conference. I've ever heard in the media overall. Yeah. I think that George, I could get a good job. I disagree with still mispoint. I disagree with some points that the get had. But overall, it was much more balanced than you're going to get. In any of the most major, it was media. Well, it was very obvious to me. In fact, that my mind of George Miller from the Dalton's co-co-health list was going to be my guest. I was going to be my guest. But what if I want you to be alive? If I want you to be alive? If I want you to be around here. George did call you a professional too. Yeah. Yeah. He did agree. But he's your good job. You know, there's to be with a lot of this point. I don't know. A professional human would know. But in terms of your, if you're a paid-about George W. Bush, I think the man is pretty much an idiot. I think that, you know, unfortunately, the good chance to become a real person. And I think what is the realistic, what is the significance of the significance of clean, the platform of both of these 40s? I, I, I personally understand that they are gender is much different. But they seem to be presenting themselves more and more and more in a similar fashion. With that plan, even more dangerous than George W. Bush individual. I don't know when you're so at the heart. Well, the pen John, you know, how long you want to stand for. How long you want to stand for. How many showers you want to take? I guess. I'm putting that to you. You mean by that, man. Look it up. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 250 votes on our pool. Lackery responsibility, 139. Lackery education job skills, 97. Bigger trio, and a 22. So lift yourself up by your boots. That's in stop-wasting your time. But there's no counterweight fairer chance out of a bitch. Who's even more anti-Semitic than George? Well, here's Pember Pine, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes? 560, 560, 560, 660, 660, 660 and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, but you're the Israeli broadcaster. You got to call like that. Oh, yeah. Are you idiots out there? Oh, we're going to bring them. Get back again. Yeah, great. I'm delighted you're a good expectacitor show. In fact, like I said, I won't be here tomorrow when they threw their Friday. I mean, the weather is starting to turn a little cooler over there across the pond. I better take advantage of the last month or so. And then after that, there'll be vacation time. Yeah. I can use a few weeks off until vacation time. And then go on vacation. And I got to rest up for what I do best. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yeah, I've got a suggestion to pick up the whole electric system. Yes. You should have a melody of funk candidate. I would like to make America. You know, you know. Here's Boca, hello. Yes, sir. Why is it that you don't like women with strong with you? Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's David. Hello. Any idea? Okay. I had a question to hear the alarm. No, I'm going to put on that. What did that? To hear the alarm the morning press conference. I mean, we have to hear the press conference going to back. She would get sick. Yeah. The Nick Carter and Nick Carter's in fact we have. We're going to be having that at 145. Would you play the press conference? Sure. No. No. I don't think so. Five six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Probably a lot more interesting though than I won't. We've heard the doctor's qualifications. And how he ate at the pickle barrel and Toronto. He had the stuff kishki and all the other. Whatever he had stuff durma. I mean, that was pretty silly. I'm just a little bit late in radio hearing that doctor's qualifications. And everybody that I have ever had the dinner and every place he ever went to show and all the other craft. And which handy wife with. That was stimulating man. I'm still filming it them out from that. Here's top of the cello. North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I do it. Okay. I would say I want to say regarding the call on how he is doing very good to the delivery bush. There's two comments. First of all regarding that tax custody is providing. Yes. I mean, he's not just the idiot. I mean, the idiot is those people from the middle class. They even see it obviously. And look at you. You probably do it very good. And you will do better under the double-evious tax cuts. And you are fighting against him. For those people that the middle class that you don't understand at con on and they're voting. Yeah. And the second thing the foreign country. He said today, baby. It's right in public. He always looked middle class. I'm going to say 60 cents a day. Exactly. And the second thing is the foreign policy. When you look at the Republican colleague, how they try to really protect your double-use for having been the president. Now we are really voting for president who is voting for Dick Cheney or Colton Powell. Yes. What's this country's about? Yeah. It's for one person he's going to be really leading the country and making the right decision. Not Dick Cheney and that Colton Powell. That's why I like to sing, yeah. Okay. Thank you. I don't think good George knows Dick. 27 after one at 5. 60 WQM. The Neil Roger show. The sports radio. 5. 60. You. Hey. I think. How does it go? It's in the field. You've got your remote. Your beer. You're not yours. But have you got your dictionary? Now that Dennis Miller is joined Monday night football, you're going to need a dictionary. Just to understand what the hell he's talking about. You know, Kurt Warner has such a jingle as the strategy on the field. I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't instigate a pre-conflict who they talk. Chuck, Chuck. Broly 1995. This quick reference book will help you look up over 50,000 words Dennis may use during the telekair. Terrell, butly was certainly pal now there. I mean, before you know it, he's going to start babbling some polytheism dribble. The a synodic can sell some. Don't spend another Monday night scratching your hair. Get your copy of the Dennis Miller dictionary. Oh, 1-800-Deniff speaks. That's 1-800-Deniff's speak. What's the problem with Randy Moss today? It's been kept to cube malaria if he consumed some dried mosquito bushshed up in a quarantine pandemic and seem a feeling that triage, you know. Operators are maintaining a stationary position of anticipation. Yeah, they do it again. What's 30-25-6? You don't forget to press that special word that the SAP button on your morning and automatically fillers out Dennis Miller's night voice on the Monday and football tonight. So, you're just confessing me during the break. That brought on Friday, was she was from Israel like my dog is from Tadvet. Okay, so you draw your own conclusions from there. Not though you've been had again, you know what I'm saying? Okay, yeah. And it should focus really. 5-6705-60, Tom 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. You,cu was are you sure you positive? Berewd. Here,s a mobile in West Palm Beach, color. You know, should the DELLie up to straight? Yes, sir. All right, I got some say, he's got a findout. Why not call that findout? DO anything about realising that and a stop is a show deal. Yeah, well, okay. Whatever you be seen, here's a mobile in Miami Beach,. Sure. Afterl. Yeah, I've calling him is soon said earlier as the football is Data Stability the baggy sport. No, no, what do you mean? I just got through a explaining. You heard everywhere I said, but which way do you understand? Was it the crotch, the ass, the crotch, the crotch, the bending down on your hands and knees, which part do you understand? Come on, you can't say that the case was a man sport. The bagular running down the field. The baggies are four. There are, let me say to you, but no, a hockey they don't get down on their hands and knees and have somebody put their hands under their legs. What about what is this? What about crotch and grass? Yeah, when they're sick, they beat the crap out of each other and they got their teeth flying out. That's a man sport. They don't grab, they don't grab each other around the crotch and tackle each other, roll around on the ground, like they do in football. So thanks for, you know that. Oh, it's not new. Bangon. Thanks sport. No, you're the fact. So you want to know. Yeah, that's right. Takes one to no one, pal. Yeah. Yeah, I would check to be more much like that. Schwarz-Ruan viewers. I'm sorry. You know, like those rumors? 560, 0560, pound, 560 on the AT&T. I mean, I realize that this is a bloat there a lot of you guys. Other mostly, so they're football, especially here and for that's all you know from. And that's fine. If you like a baggies sport, it's great. Guys with tight pants or even beef or remember that promo he did about guys with tight pants rolling around in the mud. The fag thing. Guys, just dig it out, sorry. It's down there on his knees. Cloud shoes and the other guy comes right up behind his uh... spectrum. Yes. Sixth his hands on over his ass. I'm sorry, but right there at that point, that's where you'd rather lie. If you have any feeling of masculinity at that point, the has to vanish because no real man skipped on on his knees unless another guy come up and put his hands under his ass. That's the bottom line. I mean, you only have to go beyond that. Then after that he starts grabbing his ball. I mean, forget about that. And counting. He's counting. Oh, oh, sixty nine sixty nine all the other guy. He got kidnapped me. You're not fooling anybody. Here's a mobile and full waterdale. Hello. Yeah, I was wondering if not to make the showers they take together. What did this do? Yeah, and you know, I was wondering if you weren't making $2 million a year if you wouldn't be a little bit more excited about the bush tax. I've seen that you can afford it in the matter, which way it goes. Uh-huh. No. That it thinks so no. Five six seven of he didn't think so. That made no sense whatsoever. I know it. And that was what beautiful about it. The bush tax cut doesn't make any sense. No matter it makes 60 cents a day if you're like middle class and if you're in lower classes, it doesn't mean any sentence. No, I didn't take that bag. 11 cents a day. It's all documented right here in Paul the Gallo's book. But you can get all bent out of shape and start attacking me. And the fact of it, it doesn't change anything. The fact is you're candidates and law on he's a jackass. He's just upon of the ultra rich of the big all companies like he wasn't Texas of all the Texas billionaires. That's what he is. He's a puppet that the back of companies, you name it. The biggest polluters and rapists in our society. And if you want to be in bed with them, go at a head. Have a good time. Here's some line. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm not in favor of tax cuts for the rich and that is called for the milk. I'm not in the press conferences from athletes and probably does have a pool drawing, which I think this guy that just called is probably pulling his right now. But we're not putting out a press conference about this isn't a sports show. See, I hate to break the news here. Yeah, I do have hockey and I try to promote it and I talk about 10 seconds a day out about it and that's the limit believe me because there's no interest here anyway. We don't carry press conferences now. The one exceptionally made, well, maybe there was two to I think. Was today member Jimmy was supposed to be repairing and Hank got to scoop on that and call me from Vegas. And we'll be everybody in town. Thanks, Hank, in the information that he wasn't quitting. And the other one was Danny Boy, retiring that day. What he called me and said, would you mind if I did it during your show? I said, no, I'd be honored then. We said fine. And I was the end of that. That's the only two times in three years that we carried press conferences. It was generally because it was that made your restory. We didn't need to have a press conference to get the information since the storage been out for two weeks now and all the speculation, most of it was, which was absolutely wrong. We didn't need to carry a press conference where we had to find out the name of every broad that the doctor who's treating him every day in his life and with one put out which one didn't. Now you're wrong now. You're absolutely wrong. There's not even someone to be one of the boys. We're going to hell is this copy here already. What is all this stuff in here? Jesus. God, Almighty Peter Leonard again strikes. God, this man makes me ill. That is the biggest pile of forcecraft I have ever seen in my freaking fracking name. Do you like to pray with balls? Yeah, I feel a little flat sometimes. He want to play with good quality balls. Yeah, there's only one place for you. Yes, go far. There's one of the best balls in town. I saw this ball from the hallway and I just had to stop in and boy was I satisfied. I was so glad to build my Jaguar home. I'm here with him. Oh my god, I'm so glad to have you. And I played with the ball right there on the floor. We get the ball that we asked to the two come and see. Go ball's one. One cheap team, go ball. You'll never look at balls. The same way again. Now two great locations, grow brings us him square ball. Okay, it's $144.5.50 Q and 0.8 in the quarter. $8.25. We gotta stay for that, remember. Yeah. $8.25.50. $5.50.50. $5.50. Here's a moment of my career. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. I don't know if you've noticed, but here's yet another minority moving in the south Florida. In the south Florida. Last week I went to 12 different sports, making by the river, and wouldn't you know it? Then in all 12 stores at 12 points, a people went back to watching, often you've somewhere from working outdoors. A group of one, all playing in summer from working outdoors. Beaters, you're talking about Mexican. Oh Mexican, yeah. Nothing new. There's nothing new. Yeah, well, it's good enough for Georgia. Peas, brochure, whatever his name is, it's good enough for us. Then cycle through. How is your pea doing? Is he still driving around on that bug? Is he driving around in circles? Without a shirt. Yeah. So I go for him. Here's my every hello. Pea. Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, this baby is very simple concept, but I can solve the Middle East crisis in one. Okay, well, good. Go ahead. Tell him I'm not interested. Call up George tomorrow. I'll be talking about the Middle East, and he's got a 45-park. He's got some Arab broad that's going to come in here with some Schmattar on. Whether who's I'm Shaco. And he's going to be given the other side, the Palestinian in the point of view. So we're going to have like a 75,000-part series on this. If you loved Ali on, you'll love this. The Arabs and the Abla. Start tomorrow with George Rodriguez. Right here, 10 to 2 on 5, 60, 2 a.m. I'll be out of town. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay, I have to come and call my phone, is this? Oh. Oh. Why? Are you paying for this phone for this sir? Yes. Wow. Oh, okay. When I have to go to a conference, when a doctor has been making me do the same thing, they have to tell everything where he wins his school. Yeah. You know, the whole man yards. Who the hell cares? I know. I know, but it's, I don't know why they do it all the time. And number two, before I leave it, sir. All the even in football, the name's very even funny. Like, I didn't unwed receiving. So I'm hiding. How do you like that? I don't know why they do it all the time. I don't know why they do it all the time. But I guess it's too hard. And don't forget those cozy showers together after the game. Those long hot, creamy showers hanging there, found a new phone. That's all that bad. Good guy, bad phone. But as that's only done 19 that I was up 64, but do you know how to say in the quarter? Yeah. Well, my brother and I heard that hit from some era of the oil bearing that was on a goddamn bus somewhere in that Tampica. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on it. And you two, Maturge. Oh, well, I sold mine a long time ago. Yes, thanks for telling us, Maturge. Here's what's Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Wow, I'm not agreeing with you. I did play football for about eight years. And that's one thing that hands under the center of that. I just couldn't get used to that. They wanted to play quarterback. I gave them a shot. Now it's like no way. I guess they made an action in the play center. That might even be worse. I don't know. It might even be worse. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I don't listen to this show. I think I might be turning gay. I don't know. I don't know. The most quarterback said balls on guys is what I'm hearing. You think? That's what I think. Well, I'll just keep me out of that locker room. I don't really want to know personally. Okay, say how to cool down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. 2, you know what I'm going to bring these guys out. Straight guys don't play football. Except Dan, where we know, maybe a couple of other guys. Now Jason Taylor, he's got that calendar, you know, or managing both camp, or we know that they're out. Straight arrows. But Joe Rose, still goes over and showers with Danny and the weekends with Danny's life side of town. Not too sure about the little dog. At least that's what Danny calls it, the little dog. Here's five. I'm gonna beat. No, no. Oh, one guy, one guy, we got to go to the house and say about the, He stole your tires. The tire there and then the wife. Yeah, can you like that? There's, there's one, there's one place. So that goes in motion and he stops when he gets to the flat. Uh-huh. Okay. Like that tradition for the day. Okay, thank you. That was your WC on it. Clap in for tomorrow's big debate. What are you looking for like that? I'm just building on tall out of my system. 560, 560, how 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Wine? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes? There's no fact on the grid on it. Uh-huh. Here's a lady in Boca, hello. Lady in Boca? Yes, man. Oh, please don't put your John tomorrow. Why not? I can't yours. Well, but he did. We got a somebody hit him. He did a great tour of the planet. I think I got that palisthenian ill-saccharine. He was terrible. Elsa, crotch? Elsa, crotch. Edcotch? What are you talking about? I thought he had a Israeli arm. Oh, she wasn't an Israeli. She was a pretend Israeli. Yeah. I think that she was boring. She was boring. She was courier? Yes. I thought he was the one who get his courier. 560, or maybe he's played used to play for the least, for your filming. 560, 560, how, how can we could use him? 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Wine? She wanted things that I love about this show. I know that 95% of the time, the things that I'm saying, not only go over the heads of most of the people out there, but around them behind them, and maybe even up there. Let go. I don't even know what. That's what I love. 10.2.5. 50 WQA. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 560. 2.8. And... Socket in. And hold it. And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush. Today, Americans can't have it. Addresses the unionized workers. That self-caroline is turbine comb factory. Right in the end of all. That's half caroline in the end. I want to be your president. Because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker. All over the world. Hey Bush. What are you all about working? I've never had work today. My entire life. Hand, smooth, silky, palm-o'l, You're soaking in it. Let's go to the next question. You, my! Yes sir. Yeah, where are you going to go? I'm going to go to the next question. The important sub-stintative. Marijuana legalization. No. Absolutly not. Okay. Yes. Do you think they're one probably five inchuates and set a mean with added death? With added death. Now you. Where are you going to do some black bear? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot of luck. Can I get a lot of luck? You're totally good. Thank you very much. We got to go. I'm just being so real. We've George W. Boyz. 156 at 5.50 WQA. Here's Karl Springs. Hello. Hello. Hi. Okay. Second panel of confidence. 10 years. I've met you many years ago when you're doing serious topics at INZ. Well, let's come back. Let's go. How about practice, doc's, nutritionist, world experts, political analysts? That's coming back. Anyway, I want to ask you a opinion. I'm thinking about getting a dish. Do you know what a dish that works better than the SASS is better than anything else? I would depend if you were a sports fan, you don't want this TV. Right. They don't have the packages. If you want to, if you're a sports fan, you want to direct TV. If you're not a sports fan, this TV is great. What would you say if you direct sports, but you want only other channels, would you say direct TV would get a good... Yes. You have to direct me to better one. That's what I got. Okay. Thanks for having me. You're loving. Okay. Anybody out there without a dish? Get two sets. That's what George says. I'll always Jewish friends. They got two sets of dishes. One to two at the Europe. One to two at the Cubans. Here's a mobile and high-alien. How long? Maybe it was up. How you done? Right. I used to play Santa and I'm gay. What would you do that? Here. Exactly. You're off your knees, sweetheart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60. On a AT&T, oh, you just practice it for the beginning this weekend. Here's a mobile and boit and beat, chill out. You can go for a ticket with a lot of movies, see the ball, to the left, you can get the quarterback sack. Yeah. That's what that means quarterback sack. That's what you want. That's what you want. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Yeah. It's another quarterback sack right there. How about you Joe Custell? I can relate to that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6, the only AT&T we had only two minutes to kill here and two calls I got to cut it. That would be these calls. Mobile and Pemba time, chill out. Hey, no, no. How you doing, sir? I got to respectfully disagree with you. I don't think so far. It's against court.