10 out to the 560 WQM happy Friday 2. By the way, somebody in the audience please do me a big favor because that wouldn't waste your edges time with this. I'm going to give you a phone number. Call up the, oh, it's not a toll free. Well, nobody else can spend the 50 cent. Call the libertarian party and tell them to go to hell. I am so sick and tear their wasting our facts paper. And why they keep facts and is the libertarians are a bunch of fashes in a drag. It's not fashionable to wear the hood and the sheets in public so they call themselves libertarians. You know, how many trees do we have to chop down for all the crap that comes in on the facts machine that nobody wants and goes straight into basket and take a look what they send me today. Gun training, not gun bands can help reduce tragic child violence. Talk about whistling into a farting into a windstorm. Exactly. So here's the number you might want to give them a call and tell them, cut the crap. Tell me your Rogers doesn't want their facts. It's stop killing all those poor little innocent trees that we have to chop down to make the paper to print this facts crap on and they keep sending you over and over again. You know, some people like our former friend, Caroleer, it's said are one. Some people pretend they don't get the message. Just go away, you know. And her case, believe me, the less said the better. But at any rate, the libertarian party, it's 202. It's a Washington number. 333, all 0, 08, essentially extension 222. Do you think somebody will call him? No, George is the RNNs is too cheap. Now call him 202 333, all 0, 08, extension 222, or you can fetch them. Just send them a constant fact and say, because we don't want to waste our for any more facts paper or our time. Their facts number is 202 333, 0, 072. That's the libertarian party of American Washington, DC and tell them, they're full of crap. Some of you got enough right wingers out there already with another party, which nobody, even at your heart through all of keys, has got more attention than them. Right, and he gets a 3% 5% 2% solution. So anyway, it's big and as far as you know, in keys, our pool, we've got a lot of, oh, I got so much to talk about with this guy. And I know it's boring with that internet. Anybody in the audience got the road runner? No. What's going on with that? Eight days it lasted. Maybe you'll want you a curse, okay? Eight days it lasted with a high speed internet access and it was great. It's instant and no more time up the phone line and you hop on that thing in the internet right away. Also, in yesterday, the things starts slowing down to a crawl and by last night and all this morning, you can't get on the internet anymore. Just that ugly black page, you know the one I'm talking about, the black, white page comes up that says, oh, this page, forget it, get lost and you can't see this page. You can click to refresh if you want, but it won't do anything so it'll waste your time. Just go to a brand new year arms and the refresh that and get out of my face. What's with the road runner? So we'll see if anybody else out there is having that problem. It's also astonishing to me, see if I would have taken this pull myself up until last couple of days, I would have been right there with the majority of the people who took our pull about racism. I would have said that I'm somewhat racist, but based on the events of the last couple of days, different story. Well, we got a call in Tampa, maybe it's about the road runner. Hello, I doubt it. Hello. Yes, sir. I do. Okay. Listen, I look big fan of yours for a while now. I look at our fill, the fill head reads, I'm mentioning you a while. First of all, he wants his book back. First of all, he didn't loan me any book. He gave me a book as a president. That's obviously a joke. He says that's book. What? So anyway, getting back to the pull, 452 votes, some of the racist, 284, that's 62.8%. Not racist at all, 103, 22.7%, very racist, only 64, 14.1%. And like I started to say, and I thought we had a real call there, did we ever real call? No. So only 14% of this audience considers themselves, again, the question is, do you consider yourself? You followed the difference between, are you really, which they don't know? Because I think a lot of people are very racist, don't consider themselves that. But up until this week, I would have said right there with a majority with the 63% I would have said, yeah, I'm somewhat racist, but not anymore or less than most of your average bucks out there in the street. But this week, I am very racist and I'm going to make no bone about it. So we have 103 people not, not racist at all, do you believe that? No, is anybody believe that? No, not a ounce of racism in their bones. No, is anybody believe this? Is there anybody? No, no, no. I mean, not that I want to question any of the people who vote in our polls, which are going over very big by the way, and also speaking of that, there's another problem we have with the internet, and maybe Eric, I'm sure, is listening at the moment. And that is that depending on how you get onto our web page, on the arreggers.com, on the web site, a lot of people aren't getting the right page, so they're not getting the poll because I don't know how that works. If they're using Yahoo, is a search engine, and they're getting on your rogers.com, they're not getting the right page. They get some old piece of crap on there or something from the QAM website. I have no idea. So how do we alter that? What's going on here? They're doing it wrong, basically. They're doing it wrong. Instead of using a search engine, you need to click the, you just need to type it in manually at the location line. Instead of searching, you are working on whatever comes up. Yeah, as a search. But a lot of people don't do that. I know. Well, they need to. Because some search engines don't show, so we could be getting thousands of old cars all over. These people let any clue. You do search as some search engines give you different crap. Yeah. But how can I, what I don't understand is how search engines have old crap on there? Why is that? You think that's what old is it? It's different. Well, you're not listening what you're doing. But why? It's why. If it one main street in Batavia, New York, and I said you were led or it goes to one main street, you should be to one get in the letter, right? So if you're a dress, if you're internet address is neorodges.com, how can people be winding up in different, you're found on what I'm saying? Right. That's our address. And engines won't list certain sites because of whatever reason. Here's a mobile in Davy, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Good. I'm calling about the medium. I'm also a acre's resident, and I was experienced it too. Really? And of course, you call. Oh, forget that. There we go. You go there. Seven, 17 different. Oh, did you get a thing? They're experiencing trouble? We're experiencing troubles in your area. Why didn't get that? Yeah. That's what I got. I got a huge amount of money. We have to press four and one and six and go through 17 different things. And then finally get a fast busy and it comes on and says, oh, we're unable to process your call this time. Please call us again and blow it out your ass and then you get hung up on right away. Yeah. For the most part, media one is much faster, but let me tell you. And they have these problems. I mean, I, it's just frustrating. So the road runner is great when you have them, but it's going to be just like the cable. And that is that some days it's just going to disappear all together. So luckily, I still have my other thing on here, which I re-re-hooked up my mind spring. Yeah. I try to, which I have to use the phone connection for, but at least I get on the internet. Yeah, I can't bear well, too. Right. I was having problems with that yesterday too. But when they give you this, this lane brain excuse that, oh, we're experiencing problems in your area. Yeah. It's just beyond us and let us know. Yeah, what does this put to recording? Same. This is media one and we suck, but you already know that in good luck. I agree, Neil. Have a good day. And back to you. Yeah, media one sucks. Come on. Let's all sit. Media one sucks. Maybe you want to suck. Oh, god, are they suck? But, but eight days, you know, after that bizarre business, I went to your last week. Remember I went through that whole song at a dance. And my friend Dave was the one that found the connectable and the cable and that one room. And for that, I still probably went by the way, did the woman ever call me back? No. See if my service cuts right now to set a factory and I'm not. No, never bothered to call me back. Media one. Say it again. Media one sucks. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQX. No fortunate as broadcast. Maybe reproduce without the express written code. No, WQAM. Be free. As position. And I said, cater meat. No, settle down. Class. As you all know, we can no longer put up the pan commandants in our classroom. Additionally, in an effort to avoid defending anyone who might have been politically religiously or ethnically offended by our political. The politically correct arm of the justice department has rewritten the pledge, so has to be completely non-sectarian and non-offensive to any special interests or protests group. So let's begin. I've all of fairly firm my devotion to any symbolized shoes from whenever my ancestors can see a large and maybe. And still the same collaboration of various special interests groups that yet symbolize. A diverse melting pot under a deity that may or may not exist with the discretion to be divisive at our own firm. And a freedom to burn this symbol or peer to no listen down whenever we see. And a ride. 1015 at 560 WQAM we got hand coming up at Derayla 2. We got the books to read six Panthers at the Rangers. Oh, oh, oh. At the 730 night at Kaplan after the game. So anyway, here's the thing in the papers this morning to make sure that you put it out right now. Okay, put it out and don't ever light up another one. Study links marijuana used to heart attack. Oh. Reprinted from the New York Times. It was just dodging New York Times, which by the way, it's really great to roll one in the New York Times roll it up in the sports section if they had a real one. What's they don't? And it goes on about this the Boston group, the American Heart Association study produced important information on search for factors that bring on heart attacks and the got to beat. But above and it says a study has found that middle-aged persons risk of heart attack rises nearly fivefold in the first hour after smoking marijuana. And talks about how it raises their pulse 40 points. Honey like that. Some other, if it passes like 75, it raises to one 15 for a while. Is 150 like a dangerous pulse. Oh, but then you rate. It says the Boston group studies 3882 patients who would survive heart attacks and found that a hundred 24 reported using marijuana regularly of those 37 they had used it within 24 hours of their heart attacks and nine within the hour of their attacks. The relative risk of heart attack increased 4.8 times within the first hour but dropped to 1.7 times higher in the second to hour. Now here comes the best part. The same group that's reporting on to this study. The group previously reported in the other triggers of heart attacks including cocaine, exercise, sex and psychological conditions. So no more cocaine, no more problems in the head, no more exercise and certainly no more head, no more sex. Oh, certainly because I mean, you know, so smoking the weed, sex and exercise. Those are three things you definitely don't want to do. No, no, okay. Because we don't want to piss these people off. Just another example of the propaganda of the American medical establishment in the American government working hand in hand to try to justify their so-called war on drugs and putting all these guy to people in jail for having a little weed. Absolutely ludicrous. Come on. Here's a mobile in the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. If you keep the road run or you're going to be blown your brains out. Why is that? I had it for six weeks and it was six weeks of pure hell. Really? I had four or five good days and most of the days I couldn't connect and when it did connect it would be like a snail face. Why the hell is that? Well, they give me the excuse that it depends on how many people are on in your area at the moment because they have they can have as many as 1500 people on one section. Yeah. And that slows everybody down to a crawl. So the other is after I came on here and talked about how greater was probably a whole bunch of other people signed up for. Yeah, and now you can't even get on the guy damn thing at all. I was going to blow my brains out and then like you said you get on hold with him and you take for everything. I don't forget about that. Anybody who calls me the one believe me should have a gun in your hand because you're definitely blow their brains up. I finally told them to come and get it. I called Belfast Art. I got the Belfast Art. Fast Access and it's great. Well, well, but that's a phone line thing, right? Well, yeah, but it's a special phone line. They put your phone line in half and it happens too goes on the Internet all the time. You don't need to. Right. But it works great. What is it called? Belfast Art. Uh, he has no fast access. Okay. Give it a shot because you're going to kill yourself with me deal one. I'll give it a shot. I have a stroke. Thanks. Okay, how do you like that? And here I've been singing a praises of road when it because I had eight great days with it. And I just tell them like it is. I mean if I have experienced something that it's good in the outtaliant. And all of a sudden if it sucks, I'll tell you it sucks. And right now it sucks. So how do you like that? Just when you think you're making some technological progress and you think you're moving to the 21st century. And all of a sudden you discover you got real serious problems there. And like these everybody will tell you. I mean call them the cable companies if they worse than death. See this is one of the great problems we have in this anti social country bars. All you kids out there I know comes is a great shock but once upon a time you would call somebody and there would actually be a voice on the other end of the phone as opposed to if you're if you're a full of crap, if you think we're full of crap, press this press that stick it up your uh... back to them. That or you know. I can't handle that. That's part of the impersonalization of American society. Talks of recordings and keep punching buttons. Keep punching it. I got to take this tampocole because I'm really curious if we're really going to get one hello. Hello. Yes sir. By the way I tried to get in the other day on your anniversary day wish you happy anniversary. Well thank you so much. Thank you. In the last minute since you were in Tampa we really miss you. Yeah I got you on the internet. I don't know whose pants worked but I'm happy about it. Well we're used to paying for it. Yeah. Neil I was at your last college talked about DSL. Yeah. That's definitely the way to go. There's just no doubt about it. I had roadrunner here in Tampa after three weeks. I called up. Told him to take it out. So the results were the people crap there too. I was no good. It was just stunningly horrible. I ran across an internet website to find out if DSL service is available in my area on my telephone exchange. Right. I put in my area code put in my telephone exchange. It came up with the effort available and gave me the telephone number to call. Yeah. I called the phone company three weeks later. I had DSL. I've added for 18, 19 months and I have not had one single, outage glitch or problem. And it's lightning fast. Like the roadrunner is on the days when it's working. Well DSL unless you want to pay a lot of money will never be as fast as roadrunner unless you want to pay a lot of money. But at least however it's the same speed all the time which is about 20 times as fast as your model. Well that's runer when nobody else at all. He's in an area is on the line. Yeah. He is faster. Yeah. The top one is nobody else is there's never a time when nobody else in your area. Well I must have just been lucky and then I think I screwed myself by telling it on the year so much because a whole bunch of people must have gone on there because yesterday I made it was crawling. I've seen snails crawl faster net and finally last night and all this morning. It you just can't get on the net. You can't hook it up. Is there is there I could I need to send you a link to this guy. This is some computer nerd. I don't know who he is. It's clear water beach cam site. Yeah. But it's not it's not links listed on his site. It's pages behind his site. Yeah. It's a private computer nerd. He's got all kinds of tests for DSL and roadrunner and all kinds of stuff that link directly to telephone companies. Well I'll pick your word for it because it sounds unanimous so far. It sounds like I got another lemon. Yeah it's just. I know how to do it. Yeah. How could you expect a cable telephone service would be better than cable TV service? Yeah but I mean cable TV when a pigeon flies over does go off at least at least 99% of the time it's on there. What was the same pigeon can drop on your internet access? And haven't really did. Yeah. Neil thanks a million. Keep up the super, super great work. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. So there's the guy from Tampa called and says he entered over there and it sucked. Roadrunner. They should have stopped on that roadrunner's ass along time ago. I'm telling you that that coyote should have got his ass before they started to take in our money and it's only a bargain 39.95 a month by the way. Oh man how do they do this to us? How do they sell us a bill of good like this? A big song to dance and like I said of course when you start having a problem can you get a whole van by the way. Oh well we're con for tech tech assistance is anybody going to answer the phone? No. No. See I'm not one of those people at handles that real well. You know sitting on hold listening to soft music in the background for like 30 minutes, 40 minutes, five hours, six days, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, pound five, sixy, sixty and D wireless line. Yeah that real generic. Yeah. Sounds like you're listening to life, lifeless sound like something we might've heard at the Indian casino last Saturday, if they wouldn't have music but no, no they didn't have any. They want to disturb those people. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey how you doing Neil? Okay. media one does blow uh... my cancel the cable service because of the charging me nineteen dollars and sad life be first of all so they're gonna charge me down and i'm gonna get a desk right so that's what i did on as far as the uh... roadrunner goes i've never had it but i've heard everybody else has been saying the more people they have it the slower goes was an accurate i mean it can't get any slower than is right now because it just won't connect to the internet and it just the frozen in time right i have to build up which i've had no problems at all and it all has okay nothing compares to it well as usual i know like i said i don't know how to pick him i had missed maybe okay thanks but yet roadrunner sucks okay and i feel like the real bad now because i was just giving it on as estimation i had eight wonderful days it was fast it was smoking it was uh... sensational it was problem free but i've been you're like on there in the uh... no no phone lines no crap now all of a sudden they love you would have a false sense of security and there's no way ever getting a hold of anybody that's the problem i mean i've already signed the deal you know and i'm hooked up in the they're going to be expecting the money i guess every month in the bill i'm sure comes very regular you're saying that bill i have no problem get you the bill best 250 if you think no Good point. Okay, 10. 29 at a five, 60 WCME. I watched about the 30 seconds that Republican debate last night on CNN. Anybody else watched that for about 20 seconds, like I said. And I guess what they were talking about about those ads again. And you done these ads and you said I was this and you done these ads and you said I was that. And Pat Robertson never stole a free train and Jerry Falwell was a big, big, those pieces of third, bigoted asshole and the Catholics are all bent out of shape with you and that's it. See, thank God, the American public doesn't want to be bothered with issues and things of any importance and their priorities are, you know, they got the WWF and Jerry Springer going because then we have a problem. But they don't care about the issues all they want to do is in fact if they just give them like a big, tub a mud and they could like sling mud. But I'm not talking about, you know, I'm talking literally, not just theoretically. If they could literally throw mud at each other, it would be great. Food fight. Yeah, something like that. Public would eat it up. They get a 90 share on that thing easy. Our poll question today, by the way, is do you like the New Roger show better without with calls without calls or no difference? Yes, see, we never did that on the internet. We did that here, which of course, I don't trust that. That's our poll question on theorodgers.com. You enjoy the show better with calls without calls. No difference. Three categories. Got it. Eric Good. 560, 50560 here. The good news is, uh, Bob Lincoln, our coast personal friend. Wanna go to Vegas with Bob Lincoln? Oh, okay. Just asking. And anyway, Bob Lincoln says he's had the DSL service for a long time and it's great. The bad news is that somebody, even at least one of my neighbors called and said, we don't have it not available on our neighborhood yet. So you see, this is the, you know, you wind up when you're stuck between medium one on the up one hand and bell south on the other hand. Talk about Helen Purgator and you write in the middle or somewhere. Talk about a rock in a hard place. So the roadrunner sucks and I do have it. It wasn't easy, but I do have it. Does it work? No, when I got it. And DSL is great, but can I get it? No. No. So I say, just take the computer and shot can it. Just take a guy named shotgun and blow that guy damn tank for pieces already. See, I really wish that L-Gorwood is not invented the internet, you know, and you can come right down with. Here's Hi, Ali. Hello. Hey, the old. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your 24th anniversary. And on the day of your daughter, Swen. I go back to the K-E-T-R-F-U-N-L-M-B-R. Wow. Listen, I let you go, but I signed up for Media One on the 26th of January. If I'd forced us to go to the technicians who courts around that, that nothing yet. You need for the roadrunner service? No, for the K-E-T-R. Oh. And then for the broadband. I say, light up the TV first and then we'll see about the computer. But until then I'm stuck in with the America online and the bell-solve. Well, that's yourself. Your way ahead of the game, believe me. It's really slow, but it's irrevelable at this time of the day. Exactly. Okay. Hey, enjoy it every day. Okay. Easy. And don't forget, by the way, because he sounded like one of our very few said, you've got the stickier screw in it, lad. Don't worry. It's not going to break. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, I hesitate to bring this up again because last time I brought this up, it made for a horrendous show and I was very frustrated and aggravated. And I'm sure the audience was too, because it's a boring topic. But nevertheless, I mean, if we're going to live in the modern age, if we're going to be with it, if we're going to communicate with each other, etc. And so on. And all you a perverts out there that, oh, and they've had a study. They came out the other day. Wait to do this. Now, what do they call it? They're not sex addicts, but they have a new catchphrase for it. People who are addicted to sex online. Do you see the story? No. If you spend more, I think the number was 2.5 hours a week online on sex, so websites, then you're addicted. Now, if it's like 2 hours in 20 minutes, I guess, you're not addicted. You find, I mean, how do you make that determination? And if it's only an hour and a half, and you're not addicted, you know? I mean, what does that mean? What if you like to mix it up a little bit? You know, a poor nose here and a magazine there and then a little bit of London? Then you're really a pervert. Yeah. Sad, I just, I find it very disturbing. It's just like those, the chat rooms, you know? A lot of these people, but it does keep them off the streets. Maybe that's why crime is down so much. Look at those broad statistics. Maybe where the hell is that? I bet you can't get any of the BS. I don't want that you can't get you. He's brilliant. And I guarantee, and just like you were saying this morning, the reason crime is down is because they rated those wind clubs. Round it up all those perverts and put their spotlight right on under their spotlight. Browered County cramps statistics way down. If you're any safer at all, no. Only 69 murders last year in Browered County. I think they made that number up. They're about 22 and 4 Loderdale. And guess where the violent crime is up, or just just crimes in general, I guess, in Helendale Beach. A lot of teeth being stolen in the Helendale. And I think they stole one of the poor depoties to other the outhouse gang. 22 murders last year in Fort Loderdale. 9 in Hollywood. 8 with the BS due unincorporated. Let's see. Plantation at 4 open park at 4. Pumpino Beach Head 4. Sunrise Head 3. And then there's a whole bunch of places on here like Western had none. And they should make you feel better. All you women out there, only 473 forcible rapes in Browered last year. What a great statistic. Only 473 forcible rapes in Browered County. Oh man. Go to women for your last safer. No. Come on. I think lines 4 may be. How do I know? We're in this hip-aid. We're in the drug age. See, I had a psychic premonition. That line 4 is f-dup again. Nice going, Greg. As they continue dispensing the BS. Your IBS and the BS. Oh, all the same BS. How did I have a feeling that that line is just, listen to that? If you'd like to make it call, blow it out your ass. Come on, aren't you? At least go to come on and give me one of those. Come on sweetheart. If you'd like to make it call, stick your finger in it. Correct. Squeeze real hard. Stand on your head. That's you ain't gonna give me anything. Not even that. Just a dull tone. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. I'm right. This. I am right. Yeah, no kidding. No, I think we didn't add the question wasn't an asshole. It was racist. Okay. Not that a lot of racist aren't assholes also. But he's an asshole. Right. Here's Miami. Hello. You know how you doing? Okay. Listen, I heard you talking about the BSL. I haven't had a lot of addicts. I just had something set up in my mind. I've got available in my area. So it's, I mean, for the right to the audience, I'd find it for me. I'm, uh, S-o-l. Well, the real one was S-o-l. The reason why I'm not available is because the phone companies put something called a couple of clients onto the lines. And then you can't give it in your area because it's too much, you know, if it adds mileage. But I worked down town, uh, in the lines in my area, I have two heavy of a load. Is that what you're saying? Exactly. Exactly. But the CDSL's an inferior product because it goes over copper wire. So, so that what is it? What does that leave us now? We don't want the road runner at blows. The SL runs over the copper wire. Right. The thing is you want to buy, you want to buy from a tier one provider. I don't tier one means they have more broadband. You can do a lot more over it. I had a guy come in, uh, worked for a company called Winstar, set my company up. I'm saving about 20 grand a year. You know, between, we do the local, you did the local forest long distance and then you video conference. Well, I mean, this is just in my house. I'm talking about this isn't for a business. Right. Well, I mean, you know, they do, you know, specifically commercial, you know, but they're, I believe they're spanning out the residential next year. But it's something that's amazing. Well, I mean, you know, it's, you can do anything over it. Have you seen it, except for, like, you know, but I don't want to wait till next year. So you know, I want it like, uh, in, you cool business. What about getting in your office there? Where you work? Getting what? You know, the broadband. I mean, I know you don't have it at home. You probably do a lot of your stuff at home, but I mean, And who's going to pay for that? Do you think WQM is going to pay for that? No. You think you think I'm going to pay to provide to hearing this building for, No. For this radio station where we already provided our own TV and VCR and set my dish? No. No. So I'll tell you the guy's name was Art and he worked for Winstar. And he did a good job for me. So if he's listening, I'll give a shout out to him. But I was calling about this, this thing I got caught up on, Rich, the other day, coming home, you know, to the beach from downtown. Look at this. But stop on any of that. Okay. Riddie's time to start kind of. Well, it wasn't, it was, it was guys protesting there on 395. And see how I'm Italian. I understand that not every Italian is a Guido Gold, you know, Gold chain wearing ira and siege, riding sweatsuit, you know, type of greeting guy. He's getting ready to stand exactly. I understand that, not every, every Cuban's going to run out there on the bridge. But I mean, I don't think that it's appropriate, you know, and I was protesting about it. I thought you were talking about the truck drivers that were protesting. No, man. The Cuban protesting. Exactly. They were, you know, in the screaming liberty, liberty, and, you know, of course, and Spanish. But we're going to do this. On 395 on Wednesday, 90s. So I mean, how would he get home? Because they're out there at the Coast Guard thing, you know, with the big flag and the cops are just sitting there watching them. And I mean, I don't know what kind of an enemy public this is. I mean, I don't know. How could you be here more than five days in that? No, what kind of an enemy public it is? How could you not know? You're right. You're 100% correct. What about? Thank you. And say, how do you buddy there at whatever's name was? What was it then? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's just, say, every time you think there's something good waiting for you out there and you sign up and you're all gung-ho. Oh, man, this is really great. And then, uh, there's got to be a big come on again, a pile of crap, a big, smelly, heeping, pile of shmit. Like a bunch of elephants have just invaded the hood. 21, before 11 and 5, 60, WQAM. Chara Naguata-kiri. What's the AS-2? Don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do at home. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a GP. No. When nothing compares to the marvelous feeling of making butterflies stick to the ceiling, moking in the bathroom, making out a no-home or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball. Yeah, I remember that. Let's throw all of a favor on, with a fire alarm. Blow up the toilet with a cherry bomb. A dissectal frog in biology class. Find yourself a nerd and win to his name. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. What do you'll be a hit in Kim is three? When you make the class, a batch of L.S.D. Start a group fight. You milk out your nose. Who, when you school, would anything go? Says AS-2. Go out on your own. There's a whole lot of stuff. You just can't do at home. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a GP. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat. Oh, when did you get the seat? 6.8. 11.5. 6.6. We got somebody that's the message of libertarian party and told them to go to hell. You might be. Also, it says, I think roadrunner is a cable motor service. A cable motor set up a land, a local area network for your neighborhood. The bandwidth which determines your internet access speed is shared by the land and divided users. Thus, your access speed will slow down as more people are online during the service. Well, I'll tell you one thing. In the last week, there must be a whole Schmidt load of people that have to board. It says the DSL service avoids this. It uses a phone line, but you can still be even make phone calls service on it. And also, it says, be sure to wait to hear this. Be sure to turn off your file sharing in your network setting in the control panel. Otherwise, other cable motor users can access your hard drive since they're on the same L.A. and the local area network. Oh, no thanks. Yeah, there you go. Another great reason to just say, for the roadrunner. Just get Wiley County in there and make sure that he kicks his ass. Oh, boy. How do we do it, huh? Wait a minute. We don't have that fast. That fast busy anymore. Online for. 5.6.7.5.6. Pomp 5.6. Pomp 5.6. The only 18.2 line is a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You're talking about crime being down before. That's what it says. Now, do you notice how everyone's taking credit in Miami? And that lets take a credit in New York, Julie, and he takes credit in the president's taking credit for crime being down. Yes. Now, is it just a big coincidence that crime is down all over our country? Are people not goable enough? They don't see that this is a trend. The baby rumors get older. They're committing less crimes. Yeah. So, it no one can take credit for. It's just a fact of nature. They don't want to get older. If you're going to be a politician, you've got to take credit for something. Everyone's claiming it crimes down because of them. The only reason crime is down is because the baby rumors get older. If the wife is good, the mayor gets out there and says, hey, look at look what I did for you. Yeah. Old people don't go around busting windows and robbing people. It's young kids who do that. And we have less young kids now than we did 20 years ago. So, naturally, crime is not running wild in the streets. Yes. It's just a societal trend. Right. What's jumping on a ban wagon saying, I did it. The president did it. The mayor did it. No, but don't forget when Rudy Giuliani sent the SS out there to the stormtrooper's out there didn't hurt. No, that can never hurt. Right. When he started robbing up the hot dog vendors, if I say, Rudy Giuliani's got a wini thing. He's got a wini fetish. That's why it closed down all the porno joints in Times Square. And then the hot dog vendors, anything that even has to do with wini indirectly, he gets psychotic about. Well, as they say, at least he made the trains run on time. And of course, when it comes to wini, you're all in kind of doing a look in the mirror. Have a great day, sir. Just like Mussolini. That's right. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Great article by Gwen Worm. W.U.R.M. In the hero today on the op-ed page, Gwen is a medical doctor. She's directive community, PDE at Rick's at the University of Miami Jackson Children's Hospital. All the gun squeezes prepared to be upset because I'm going to read it in a few minutes. Great article is the warm turns on the gun nuts. A couple of really outstanding points in his article. And I'm going to say, Mr. Jonathan, I'm going to go on Gwen. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi, Neil. Enjoy your show. Thank you so much. I just want to let you know. I'm a roadrunner, client. I'm over here in the old section of sunrise. And it seems to be working okay this morning. It's working in sunrise? Yeah, it's up and along. I know it's that. It's why I think when they were first putting it over here, we did have a lot of problems. And once they got the lines all in and everything that's been a lot less problems. But it's been pretty good. I'm now went through eight days of heaven. There was never a problem. There were a glitch, never in anything. And now starting with yesterday when it slowed down to where you snail space. And in the last night in this morning, when you can't even get on the gun, it's a nightmare. The last night it was pretty slow, but the morning seems to be zipping along. It's a check. It's about five minutes. Oh, how old are you? Thank you. Enjoy your show. There maybe we can get somebody in the acres to check it out for us. Somebody out by me, somebody in plantation, well he's in sunrise, right around the corner. I don't want to start, you know, jumping in conclusions, or ripping medium one, although, you know, I enjoy ripping medium one because they deserve it. A big time. They suck. Somebody wants to tell me that. Media one sucks. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18th, he length. Not as much as the libertarian party, but a close second I would say. A apology sought for Bush's remarks. I'm going to tell you between George E. W. and the gemster. They're having a little bit of a problem these days. They just can't, you know, they're pissing everybody off. It wasn't bad enough John McCain made the group comment. That wasn't bad enough. But now we got the gemster saying that this is beautiful. 16 soft Florida legislator, committed an apology from Governor Jim Bush yesterday, for defending his brother's controversial appearance at Bob Jones University, by comparing it with his own visit to a soft Florida synagogue. Oh, I don't see it from at a similarity between Bob Jones University and South Florida synagogue. Oh, when you're the synagogue. Oh, no. If anything, it's a shot. It is a shot. Well, that's what he said. Like Jimmy said, we got a shot. The governor said both of the kinds of visits, politicians make sometimes even when they and their audiences don't share the same views. That was his stretch. That was his spin. He's spinning. That makes it worse. It's an outrageous comparison. It makes it state representative. Betty Wasserman, Schultz Schwarz, Jones, Democrat of David, one of the lawmakers who signed the letter asking for an explanation of his outrageous remarks. It's highly offensive. The leader of our state would say such a thing. We wanted a apology in a clarification. How do you like that? Governor Jeffster, the people of this guy damn state are pissed off and fired up. And they want a freaking apology. How do you like that? Well, that's what they want. We want a apology. We demand an apology right now. I give it to you. Prick. So he's pissed off every every dark employee even Malcolm is anybody darker than Malcolm is furious with his guy. Even though I agree on affirmative action, but nevertheless he's written he's kissed them off. Now the Jews are going to like, Oh, including the do you remember that election? How he sucked in a bunch of unsuspecting blacks because of what they Logan. And they sucked in a bunch of unsuspecting Jews. And he was running around with a schmuck on his head. Going to the shows and putting on a big act like he wasn't the right wing card carrying fashion. Which we all know he is. The trouble began on NBC's today showed Tuesday when Bush defended his brother's visit to the South Carolina school, which prohibits interracial dating bars, gays and who's found or won't label the Catholic Church a satanic cult. Republican and by the way, the his founder will be on tonight. I'm Larry King to suck his ass. Bob Jones the turn. Yeah, I wonder if Larry is going to say you turn. He's going to put his lips right deep on his back. Oh man, kiss away. Like he always does. President, so the president of the contender George W. Bush campaign at the University last month, he spent a week's antivore trying to distance himself from the university's fundamentalist reputation. On TV, Jeeb Bush said he too would be willing to speak at Bob Jones adding it already spoken to groups where people are not supportive of my views and I'm not supportive of theirs. But as a public servant, I think it's my responsibility and as a candidate I've done the same thing. Maybe you'd like to attend a clan rally this weekend. Just because his views are a little bit different, right? Uh-huh. Yeah, maybe like to hang out in the hood or just wear a hood. Boy, the Bush boy, see, I was thinking, come out of work this morning. Listening to my music, of course. I was thinking, daddy at least, George senior, it was like a moderate. He wasn't the right wing. I don't think any of us ever envisioned him as being a right wing fanatic like Reagan and like, you know, Pat Robertson and like some of these. And like his two sons both have turned out to be and he wasn't a moron. Right. He was and he actually had some qualification. He was, of course, the leader of the CIA. Right. Can't get to that and be a dummy. I remember the trilateral commission. Oh, my God. Jesus, there are people swooning in the audience right now. Do you think it's just a coincidence that Jimmy Carter and George Bush were both once members of the trilateral commission. Oh, there's something there's a conspiracy there. Comey conspiracy. Yeah. Give us some to two on over the weekend. Each all whipped up. Just look up Illuminati on the new larger. Yeah, let's get a little bit out of here on the new Rogers website. So anyway, they got a lot of backtracking to do. And these 16 people says this whole deal set off a wave of anger among Jewish and black lawmakers who call that a call us in hurtful analogy. In the letter of the 16 told in Governor, they found his marks deeply offensive. Please explain Governor Bush. What is there about a synagogue that matches the anti-Catlic and racist sentiment of Bob Jones University? What is it about a meeting with African Americans? Women and other minorities expressing their views that is so similar to the Bob Jones University belief that the racist should live separately, the letter asks. And the email to the heralders did not bush maintain. There was no need for an apology. In other words, I will not give it to you. How do you like that? As the bush boys just continue digging a hole so deep that we could very have to guide them statement. Unbelievable. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Mobile in dear field B, chill out. Yes, good morning. How you doing? Okay sir. Good. I have a video on roadrunner. I live in plantations. I'm a little east of you. I live over towards university drive. Right. I've had roadrunner all about I guess four or five months. And you're still here to talk about it? I'm not laughing at it. Last night was the first time I ever experienced a problem with it. So it wasn't just me. No. I mean, I didn't know what it was. The thing was just solved and we just, you know, wouldn't get that home page. Yeah. You just sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and write. But it's really the first time I've had a problem with it. Now my area for whatever reasons I don't seem to have too much problem with the cable going out either. I think it's crappy selection. As you know, there's no problem with the cable at the moment. Sorry. I think it's going to cables with everything works. I know I got a no no no. Well, what do you mean as long as the cable is good, everything works. There's no problem with the cable right now. But the roadrunner is not functioning. Right. But I mean, if the cable goes out, you know, cable TV everything. And then your roadrunner, everything goes out. Oh, great. And for what I understand for a friend of mine who, you know, was a technical person. He says, you know, they offered sometimes you get this thing in the mail. They offer telephone service through media one. Yeah. What a nightmare that must be. But that's where you cable also. So if your cable ever got your phone, go now. And a flock of migrating pigeons comes over the house. You're not going to be able to call anybody. But your CTV or get on the internet. But other than that, life will be sweet. Exactly. But I got to tell you the truth. I'm very happy to roadrunner. I mean, you see what it works well. I mean, it's fast. When it works. Your life is worth living. It's it's heaven. It's phenomenal. It's just unbelievable. But it really was land. The first was the first time I had a problem. What about this one? I do tried this morning. I did. When I left this morning about 915, I left the house and it was working fine. 915? All right. So it's here. So it should be working. Hopefully not what I am hoping is that there's no truth to the fact that if a lot of people in the area is going to be going to flow way down. I hope that's going to be. That's why I'm not going to so big to them trying to help us out. You're a lot of people. Yeah. We'll keep knocking it. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah. Get off of that thing. Okay. It sucks. It's going to take years off your life. You don't want that thing. You want it. Oh, no. It blows. Say goodbye to the roadrunner. Just kiss him goodbye on the beak. Okay. Get him out of your house. I think he's got some kind of infectious disease. Two last time I heard. I was lying for coming because I think the thing is having a effect here. Listen back. Now, you see that? Just like lying eats spontaneously. Pop-sons. That one spontaneously popped off. But I'm not disgusting. Okay. I'm not going to discuss it. Maybe my hot shot attorney, Norma Kent, my hot shot. Well, highly publicized. Limpers to the attorney. Can discuss that at lunch with Greg Reed today. Since they're going to talk about my doing the show from like other places. I mean, this has got to be one of the great jokes of all time. A little sense of humor. We can't even get a studio that works here in Miami. I'm going to do the show for like more than 10 miles away. Oh, brother. But don't forget that new phone system. It's on the way. See, there's all this amazing technology all around. And for some reason, we just can't see the tap into it. And the technology either. Four minutes before 11 to 5. 60 WQAM. I'm going to tell you, QAM. I'm going to tell you, QAM. I'm going to tell you, QAM. Why do you play, excuse me? And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush. Today, America's candidate addresses the United Workers at self-carolinas turbine-tomb factory, right in the end of all of them. Staff, Carolina, Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue-toler worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world. I never had worked today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, pommel of your soaking in it. Let's go to the next question. Yo, my! Yes, sir. Yeah, where are you going to end now, water? Good question in portmouth, sub-stintative. Marijuana legalization. No, absolutely not cocaine. Yes, this is the heroin probably. Barbedo, and fedo means with-addedap. With-addedap. Now you. What are you going to do with the back man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do, see me one up close. Not too close, no touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot, what? Can I get a lot, what? I'm going to do it. Thank you very much. We got a couple of things. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Okay, it's 11. It's 5. If you have a happy Friday, here's one of the best things I've received in my life in the Mail. It's the, what's the date? Spring 2000 edition of American inheritance of invention and technology magazine. Not because there's anything innovative, because on page 5 is a picture of a woman experiencing pesticides that I guess DDT it is. It says, just as a point of information in your article, the short-lived miracle of DDT, there's a picture of Mrs. G Goldstein, a book on spring, her book on a apartment with Army DDT in 1945. Are you getting a little idea where we're going with this, so who the effect shall be maybe is in the crib, by the way? I'm a fat Jew. The caption says, her young son is present to demonstrate at safety. It may not have been so safe that baby grew up to be porn-mobile, old goldstein, publisher of the newspaper's screw magazine. That's a streamer. Yeah. And wait till you see the baby. Talk about a chubby baby. He's about, I think, like, eight months old, and I picked you, weighs 155 pounds already. Oh, that's going there, ow. Oh, god. I got to save. We got to save that for posterity. Thank you so much for ever sending me that. Steve. Thank you, Steve. Chubby, old goldstein. I'm a fat Jew. And if that isn't the good, yes? It's all coming together now. It is. That's what he always says. Let's all come together. Score, score. Stop Carolina, blocks King Holiday Proposal. Columbia, South Carolina, South Carolina, legislative block debilters. They establishing a holiday for Dr. Martin Luther Cune, leaving the state the only one in the nation. Refusing to one of the slain civil rights leader. Of course, remember back in Arizona when they were trying to block it too, which they did effectively. Didn't John McCain vote against having it? Yeah, until somebody said it's politically incorrect. He said, oh, yeah, it was a bad idea. I'm all for it. John McCain, the law's Republicans in Columbia, South Carolina effectively killed support for the bill by tacking on an amendment, changing the proposed holiday to civil rights day and adding language defending the Confederate flag as a symbol of the state's heritage. Are you ready for that? Utah, this is just like the Jamb Bush thing with Bob Jones and the Assytica. So not only don't we want to Martin Luther Cune day, but also we're going to help the feed it. We're going to tack on your thing with a Confederate flag. Civil rights day for red necks is what they want. That it. Yeah, in South Carolina. And by the way, didn't George W. and South Carolina big? All them good right when Christian conservative need to put it in. He done good. South Carolina. So next time you're up there in North Carolina, just remember like it's only a third drop away to South Carolina. That's why there's a border. No, we don't like each other. They have some nice beaches though. What do you say? Oh yeah, they do. I've 6705, 60, pound 560 on the 18. Two by we got red necks on the beaches. You know, just like over in on the West Coast. Panama City got to those beautiful beaches. The people over there. Ha ha ha. Speaking of people on the West Coast, here's a call from Fort Myers. Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Yes, sir. Thank you for. Down here from Montreal, the Fort Myers vacationing and notice that Jeff Remer is doing the telecast along with any punch. Yes, sir. Along with Denise Pockman, let's hear. And we are okay. Wondering, you know, Denise's most famous lines since he's been in Florida. I feel really, really happy. Yeah, that was his famous line right on the air. Anyway, you know, how are the panthers, uh, attendance, why he says? Very weak. Very, very, very. No, not even close. We have one cell out all year. Is that right? You attend and stinks. And it's a pretty good hockey team. A very good hockey team. It's in first place that it was last time I checked. But the crowds. They stopped. Yeah, that's a remercise. The crowd. They stopped. Pumped Montreal. Remember how to, uh, Fort Stuck Show. And, uh, if you ever get to talk to him, you should ask him what I ever get to talk to him? Yeah, do you ever get to talk to him? I was in his house yesterday and he was showing me pictures of his former very fat days. He was, he was a monster. I don't know if it was in Montreal where he was. He was a big fat guy. He was huge. But he's good looking today. He has jet black hair. I wouldn't say he's good looking, but he's not huge at all. Oh, boy. He's got a Hollywood haircut. But anyway, anyway, he has some wrestlers in his guests. And they almost destroyed him in his studio. So if you ever talking to him, you ask him about that. Okay, if I ever see him again, I'll be sure and ask him. Okay, thanks. Okay, I haven't talked to you. Nice talking to you. Okay. Oh, that's right. He's from Montreal. They don't say A. That's what I was saying when they didn't. It looked like the Leafs left their A game home. Or is this in Toronto? They left their game home, eh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Out of town line is just sitting there drooling for you. And just waiting for your first vacation's comment. 877-785-6345. That Lady of Recall for Media 1 by the way. Oh, clarify and rectum fine. Oh, and let us know what's going on. I'm going to make sure that we're getting a certain note. No, they don't care. Just pay your bill, please. Kind of, it's kind of like here with our clients. You know, we don't care whether your spots on during my show, to ball game, poor flock of the morning. Just pay your bill. Here's Hialia, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. You. Yes, I am. Hello? Let's try one more time. Hello? Okay, here's another game player. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami? I knew. I live in the acres, six blocks out, but where you are. It's official. You're up and running. I just spoke to my wife. Oh, wow. Yeah. No problem. So in other words, it was only a day out of my life. So far. Well, but you're a very lucky guy. I can't tell you the problems like that. I'm unbelievable. I mean, I didn't include me. I had a rip off my lawn and which they ripped off my phone line. They ripped off my sprinkler system. They are good about paying you. Yeah. It was a nightmare for us. First three months, I had service maybe three days. So how are you? How are you going to beat? I've had service eight days. You certainly do. I don't know. Not bad. Okay. Thanks for the good news. You're welcome. And a bad news, too. Everything else. A little good goes a little bad. It sucks, but not all the time. Cadillac Monica sucks a lot, but not all the time. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line 87775, 6345. Speaking of Monica, I've touched up line four. There's an ice hunt for you right there. And see. And it just clicked off. Well, there's nothing wrong with these phone lines. There's nothing wrong with this system. It's wonderful, you're right. Lebanon is 560 WCWM. Spread them and say cheese. And outside, for language lessons of the day. Repeat after me. Me and more, Edda Esmas Bonita, for the acceptable to mostash. Which means my love, you're very beautiful. Except for your mustache. I still want to make it. Okay. I'm out of 13 to 560 WCM, Erica from Univirica, with our website. He's the on top of the taking care of those problems. I talked about before with a website with this and then, but it'd be better to put it up. Et cetera. Don't forget our poll question. They'd you enjoy the show better with calls, but not the calls or no difference. And then we should have put one on there that it sucks either way, but then of course they would all vote it for that. All the smart asses out there. Like that great chat room that we had. I remember that. Oh boy. See, that's the thing. The internet has got so much interesting crap on there. But in the meantime, unfortunately, at this state of our lives, it is still dominated by a bunch of nerds and life-hosts and assholes. That's the real problem. Computer nerds. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great. I wanted, firstly, I feel about the panters. Do you think that they're going to get somebody for defense, so they're going to get anybody when the trade comes up. And also, what about the, with the Miami Heat? I mean, they were great at the beginning. What's going on in the heat? Why do I care about the Miami Heat? I couldn't hear a lesson about basketball. I really care about you. You're the best. Right. You know, but I like it when you do express yourself. And I, I, I, I, I, I, I miss you from WAMING. And I just want to ask you about, you know, the specificity of the federal wine from the Panthers. Yeah. And you're a pretty nice, very, very great. That is why I'm there. What the guy from Pittsburgh, Jessica the J. He's under. Yeah, I'm a goal. All over. He's number one. One number one, both people. No, no, no, no, no, no. We'll keep it, yeah. It's my day. He was a offensive line. Okay. Let's have a great day, pal. Palm Elb breeze. The number one goalkeeper. And he's just out of the defensive line and just on top of Anna is what he said, so Like that, we're just in between. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. By the way, speaking of John Henry, my good coach personal friend, John Henry, you know I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah, that's a guy. They got 624,000 letters to the editor in the Herald this morning and he said every one of them says, oh, to this cruise tax idea. It says the heading they got for the letters here in the Readers form cruise ticket taxes a terrible idea or like yeah terrible idea They got and like I said 4 million letters here in the paper this morning and every one of them says The John Henry would his cruise tax idea see he thinks that because most of us aren't too fond of Mickey Erson Who don't pay anybody any taxes here and it also was in bed with the mayor of Pinga Picanja He thinks that all while a cruise tax nobody cares about that Because those people aren't leaving us any money here anyway, so who cares about those people and well guess what evidently a lot of people do Including the people who make their money in that industry as Draininess and maybe in other ways on the economy of the community The fact is they're answering is all and everybody else is answering. Oh, whether they're in a thing or not just like the poll we took last week Where we had seven million votes and six million nine hundred ninety eight thousand nine hundred ninety nine Whatever it all was said absolutely positively no no tax money for a stadium for this billionaire dickhead is what they said Isn't that the way they said it? Oh, yeah, that's what it said no oh and speaking that you'll be really upset to know That's starting this Monday. I already mentioned this, but this is just a reminder because you don't want to keep this too far out of your mind I see I'm excited about it. I'm ecstatic George is delirious about it Starting this Monday at 1250 p.m. It's Marlon's exhibition baseball Right here in the middle of the day. We have a whole bunch of exhibition games right here in the middle of the day Screwing up my ratings and hangs also, but nevertheless we're just doing the best we can Marlon's baseball exhibition style anybody want to hear it? No, no anybody interested? No, I must be crazy I must be nuts. I mean letter after letter just excoriating this man For having the hootspa the nerve Like for example, Arlene Feller and Miami in a relation to Bob. I'm sure I'm sick and tired of private sports corporations using public money as their private trough to drink from If the Marlon's can pay its players millions of dollars then it's just up Acting the public for more and more whether it's land grants your tax money besides the idea of tax and cruise passengers Put just a greater disadvantage when forever late doesn't have such a tax to our lean and Miami I'm going our lane where would it have you are And on and on it goes and here's Jim church in my meelaces as a cruise ship tax will be legalized robbery Why not let tax left-handers redheads or the businesses of those who support the cruise tax? Yeah, let's tax the left-handed people If cruise passengers are tax let's use the money to improve the port and other facilities these passengers use Let's not be sneaky legal robbers who give Miami a bad name John Henry you give Miami a bad name I must be crazy. I must be not yeah, they're pissed off and and worse than it used to be how do you like that? I didn't think anybody could do that give Miami a worse thing than already had but John Henry I must be crazy doing it. He's doing it. You're giving us a bad name. Okay, John go away Take your team and go play someplace else. There is no interest none zero I have never I haven't spoken in a cool nz Then anybody who give the crap about the marlins does anybody know the name of anybody on his team Oh, he says big Alex Hernandez with a hundred hundred eighty pound belly Yeah, he weighs three forty all of its 180 pounds of on a middle The only player in history at baseball they added a huge uniform number for his weight Here's Western hello This is crazy They pay you for this but the calls on the cover Call He said it. This is crazy. Yeah, right? Like he said I must be crazy. I must be nuts five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line Let me just remind you after hearing that our full question today on our internet Yeah, the calls really you know I did my thing there for three weeks in December without the calls with a glorious experiment from Mendus a positive reaction And then of course starting January one I went back to this January, February and not a couple of days in March We've experimented this had they desperately not only do we get a lot of calls, but what we do get is I'm pretty much like what you just heard there that guy that misfit that's simple them that the whack off That's what we get Here's a mobile in Miami hello Yes, sir I was gonna say I was for the call but after that last city, I'm not so sure But anyway, I have to represent about 50% of the calls that we get Yeah, that's true. I Live in plantation had me do you want for about six months, yeah, and there was in the day where it wasn't down for either five or ten minutes or sometimes just about the whole day Now after they had about 15 different Tom Dick and Harry come out there. They couldn't figure out the problem They finally had this one tech out that came last week and it's been up ever since and let me tell you a few things You did and maybe it's applicable to you. Yeah, one is you only need to have One line coming in for you don't have a cable anyway. You just have satellite right I have cable Okay, well, you have to have the separate cable line just for the The roadrunner you shouldn't use the same line for the TV and the roadrunner So he separated that you put in an amplifier to boost the signal really You make sure there was no filters on there because the filters that they use for the cable aren't applicable for the roadrunner He did all that it hasn't been down since so maybe I know I do know I have a borderline very weak signal for whatever reason I mean it worked great for eight days, but when they put it in they said it was a weak signal But they got it to work put it in an amplifier maybe that'll help you what do you mean put in? Well, they put in an amplifier tell them that you got a bad signal How did you actually get a hold of a living person that media wants her? Yeah, good luck on that. Okay. Thanks. All right. Okay. 560 5050 5050 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, yeah, how are you? Good. Happy anniversary. It's all over As far as the poll question goes makes no difference. Now the poll question is on the internet. No, yeah We'll skip it that by the way crime is way up and coconut grow the parent We had to know if you saw the article in yesterday's hero. No, they found a dentist down there That's apparently trying to profit from marijuana They found a bunch of baggies in this house. Yeah, okay. So they say they can prove that he you know made like 10 cents off of selling this Doctor, you're well, I'm not using electric you're any more affordable making a seven is good You're gone. I'm just gonna take his house in this car and right everything you guys I want a child and his two-hawas get so much marijuana they found out five plants Uh-huh, so this guy's a big time right guess five plants. Yeah, but they got a lot of seeds and a lot of seeds They you figure out how many other plants could have grown from those seeds and all of a sudden you got a whole Coxie's armies worth a week Oh, I guess that goes you got a half arm unbelievable Thanks for the good news What is there to say it's just do pity overwhelming majority of the public will take a poll on it one day next week They're opposed to all these stupid idiotic laws Everybody in this audience is smoking a good stuff right now Yeah, but you're all criminals and you're gonna have a heart attack and the government says this I got news for the food that the government the food and the drugs the prescription drugs that the government approves the FD and A are Hello, a lot more hazardous to our health than any God damn weed you're ever gonna smoke In addition to which probably a lot of the danger comes from the impurities in the crap because people are buying unknown stuff off the street Know how I'm talking about as opposed to like I'm pretty sure he just You know That an ugly house and he's a lot prettier and she is he goes back. No, no 560 right next Oh Yeah, there's this thing I always have one a CS situation like those two what a waste five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 and T line here's coral springs hello Yes, sir. I just want to let you know I got the liberty of variance back for you I wanted to call it that number you gave out on the air. Yes, and what they said to me was that they were shocked at you reacted that way after one of the guys 560 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line Here's the mobile informyers hello What is it? Oh what's shake? I need to come on let's get with it. Yeah, keep on a slow motor let's go. Let's go Jesus Christ. I don't think I have to take the pull on the call God Yes, speak to me say something Oh baby, yeah I found the road one thing And the other lady in front of me. Yeah, she's she's down the break. We're gonna run out. Oh, okay, right 560 70 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line out of town line 877 785 63 45 better hot Bonnie's phone today, baby, because this could be your last chance when they all take it that Regardless of what that pull says. I mean, this is we have reached in all time low It's been you know getting worse and worse and worse and worse and worse and here like yesterday When I had this brilliant 45 minute monologue and I get on the phone there in the first the first color is Eee And that was defensive the bunch by the way When maybe he had like two people and anything to say the whole show yesterday How's line four doing by the way Hello Here's a mobile and store it hello More new Excellent, I want to say there is a viable alternative between a mediocrity one and blow south. Yeah, it's called direct duo and you have direct TV correct. Yes I get all my downstream from direct. I'll settle it My upstream request I have to go through a phone line, but that's from my downstream and that's where you want your speed is at 400 KVPS It's a smoker. Maybe you're the second to it So you who do you call for that you called the right TV? Yes, sir. Okay, and you change your dish out It's kind of an oblong shake this you've added you change your dish out Yes, sir. You still have the same L&B right beside the new L&B that give you four your modem Plug it into one of the modem into USB 40 your computer and you are jam Okay, so check into it. Thanks a lot. Thanks go pass it. I'll ride and I'm taking my computer when I leave here today I'm gonna put it in the bottom of my pool. I think that's the best solution on all of this crap. I've had it 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line 877756345 26 past 11 x 2 8 It is Every night I check in to make sure he's breathing I want to have children Your past miss My husband's shooting It's time you not clear When He's back in the dark I just hope that he's going to come back I'm going to have a good day Just in They say I'll have twins But I know what to do It's not true frozen You talk about annoying I'm going to do that one day next week. Who's the most annoying of the following and she's definitely got to be on the list Celine Dion. She just makes me want to Christine Agalera is right there with a that stuff And we'll find one or two more and don't put no Jessica Simpson on her. Okay, just because you've got a bone no good Not past the first one Celine Dion He's looking like a little angel You can see a little injury in his background He can do no wrong in my book, even though he don't like the facts, he don't like anybody He's a good looking guy he's a good one He's like a little angel in his background wrong in my book okay even though we don't like the facts you don't like the blacks you don't like anybody at least he spreads it around even he's not like a discriminatory guy he spreads it around don't be not in my buddy John rocker okay he looks okay to me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warmas line got a couple lines actually working here today not too many here's Parkland hello yes sir hey long time listen I heard this week the last time you actually allow calls on your on your shows will make sure I got my two cents in before you disappeared my first question is one of the super in the fun just mind the phone brought on blame with all the trouble you haven't but um I would all these people constantly like outcasts deliverance but um I just wanted to uh to ask I heard and I'm not totally sure if they're going to start interrupting your show with the marlins yes that's crap man no one likes the marlins I mean why would interrupt your show with the marlins because that's part of their deal I mean they got to carry so many exhibition games and of course all the regular season games so whenever there's a marlin game on they got to stick it on there whether anybody wants to hear it or not that's part of the great deal I've agreed made with the the marlins so that for the honor of losing the millions of dollars every year that we lose because nobody wants to buy those spots that is ridiculous so it doesn't matter if they all your fans go out and call them in good way wouldn't make any difference oh that is just week yeah I also want to do it why would you want to do that cost me all those hours off oh two I don't want to I don't interrupt your retirement management time off man yeah I'm sorry I didn't mean to okay to those times um I also I mentioned I heard this I think was on the news last night it is really just floor me with the whole uh case and uh and uh New York with the 41 shots and the uh guy with the wallet yeah um that we're going to try to prosecute the four cops under uh violating a civil rights yes which just floor me because that's what they first used to bring down the clucque clan was they couldn't nailed in with anything else but violating the uh basic clucque clan they did with the Rodney King thing in LA same thing so it says it just amazed me how it just keeps on going around in circles it happens everybody is ultimately up in arms like this is the first time this is happened it happens every day it happens every day every day and like you say life in this country is like stepping on a cockroach how a great day pal you too thanks for your uplifting comments five six seven oh five six you how broad line eight is line eight working hour what oh I think I'm sitting here tune out the audience again I wonder how come a can't get anybody with an IQ of over three except maybe one or two to call in here and the whole guy damn phone systems all screwed up this is a great day for Greg to be having lunch with the owner can't you know oh wait what was that I was lying for doing to our added there you go with that phone system it's coming in one key at a time yeah one one number of times the number one coming in this week and then number two is coming in next week so like in ten weeks we should have the numbers all taken care of because that is fast as we can afford to pay them right this is really special today see I see if I'm Greg Reed I don't I couldn't show my face in public you know I'm saying I walk around with a bag over my head I walk around and disguise all the time because you're out of the closet Greg everybody who listens to this show knows that you're a total hundred-care-it-fony or full of crap promises and promises and promises oh here's the invoice we actually paid for and last week it was gonna be here this week is it here oh well it's coming in piecemeal piece here piece there piece of estimate over there you just get the feeling that you're you're sitting back helplessly watching them parley you went in on existence you know I'm talking to my you follow my dricks yeah parley you like right off the map and how about those spots did we ever see uh John Jeros again we ever see him all the big news about those spots that they came in with a may hey make up and all that crap that was weeks ago weeks and weeks and weeks ago labor here anymore about that oh no and by the way that quiet period to be over real soon but oh man I can't wait five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile and coconut creek hello yeah I am yes sir yes I'm yesterday's subject about the double standard there was a article in the USA today in January during the national football league playoff's where it's black defensive lineman said he drills when he sees a white quarterback back there and he says the reason for that is they can't move now I want you to reverse that had a white man said that about a black man they would have come out of the woodwork yeah but he wouldn't have said that because the black guys move real fast they're used to it you know they moved that yeah but they can't put the idea behind that is they they once said a matter of remark they don't think as fast as a white man and when they said that about maybe about 20 years ago they came out of the woodwork so that's a double standard right there not one people out of any of the writers the sportswear yeah that's right okay I had a number two to get a call to yesterday about taking everybody over sixty five off the roads on Friday night don't let them back to Monday right and keep more of the golf courses I like to tell this guy something I shoot a very good game of golf and I also I'm 72 yeah I drive a truck for a living I have not had an accident but very good driving record someday this jerk is going to be 65 and we'd like to see how he feels getting put relegated to the dead wood pile okay actually I'll see you see it to your casino five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line so line eight if you guys can use a call you can happen by again and not only knows maybe my television I have a little bit of problems I got a problem here huh it's okay no seriously we got a phone back to the heart of any of it's working right and I see here over not gonna take anymore calls and the audience is dead or in the door and I'm doing a show an a vacuum here I'm doing a telephone talk show but I got the phone it doesn't work again Greg Bluff all you other fakers all you want to be on your pretenders all you silly people all you liars oh it's gonna be March 1 it's gonna be here but like everybody says he didn't say what year that was the problem March 1 you should live so long okay liar liar pants on fire how can this man he's gonna have lunch with Norma Kent is this man out of his mind or what? 22 till noon at five sixty QAM this is five sixty QAM if Friday you first Friday night on five it's the WGW Japhny and shit in the higher and bold looked inside for his Christopher the pressure oh I'm warning you I'm gonna remind I'm lubricating bold up your tool with breath arms around your waist and slap you in the belly face you're a free there do what you might but I'm gonna slag you with show two just watch I think I read sequin gal man and when you hear me sing like comedy two daddy don't you understand I just can't hold the other ball I hear that why I don't like that with you anymore but we're gay wrestling jappy of shit what's the back of the program in person what oh jucky right to 17.25 sixty WGQ and so when does a busy hockey superstar like Pawel brewery have time to do on a huh maybe in between periods panel buries got a huge pair five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line out of timeline is waiting on your eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's Miami hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing okay I've worked with all one of two well you know I was listening on the radio the other day and with one of the co-workers were saying about locker trying to rocker what he says and I remember one time we got the one football season last year there was a red you white thing something and I know there's no nothing happened to him at all right and what is black I'm I'm I'm assuming that's because he's black well I mean the good with a forward of action today and I mean but this is the past and the past we I don't know I'm a white American I don't know nobody to I don't know nothing to know but I'm actually black especially black Africans and I've been African well I like that I like that I like that I like that yeah and but I feel I don't know the nothing we all should be together and nobody should be putting anybody down or anything like that but we are still a constitution where we could say anything we want and you expect yourself as you always do which is very good and you know the the whole thing is that when when people especially today with the forward of action it's what you have upstairs not what color you are and you should get that job not to question your white black yeah he's already so I mean and also if you know that blue cross blue shield is running the insurance for Medicare or Florida that's a private company okay thanks for the good news 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line got 1400 open lines and some actually work here this morning this is a quite a cap of the world really great week here's for a lot of nail hello and you know they're okay yeah I'm a called you in couple years with a little more you have lucky we're done over here man I started last Saturday with that appearance at several Indian casino with us 400 year old people I wanted to call you a couple days ago but it hadn't had time and gone downhill ever since yesterday I the comments were making about you know an extreme racist now and change your mind I didn't say extreme I said I'm very racist very very very I am pretty much the same thing but anyway I people have called your show I've been listening for over 10 years now people have called your show pretty much expressed your opinion in their sentiments exactly what you were saying the other day you know we're criticized all the time and so on a lot of people call you just being smart asses I understand that yeah yeah I'll listen I don't know how to click but anyway I had a listen here if you still hear me on the phone it's a miracle if we're getting about the clicks anyway I consider myself a racist but not for reasons of being an uneducated jackass it just hates people because of black yeah I just send myself a racist because I watched the news a few ago I don't move my life in my eyes closed okay I see what goes on and the day I'm sick of it and every but every one of my friends I know no I don't think I've got a few black guys or friends but I don't think I'm if you want to my friend it's it's almost comical nobody likes black people the white guys none of them it's not because somebody skitters black it's because let me ask you something how come they all go to see the heat games the NBA now one of my friends do I don't know those the city I mean I'll tell you right now all white people there are no black people in a crowd they can't afford to tickets those are all white people and they're almost no well there you know a smattering a handful of white guys playing a league but 90% of the players are black I honestly so if white people all this like the black guys so much how come they go to see a player I honestly couldn't talk about anybody to see a couple of people I don't know I think it's ridiculous I I tell you if they do I don't like that's the one because it's a black man sport right okay no more I don't watch it I don't care less about it they drive you're not answering for why all of my people go there if they all dislike black people what are they doing there I think you answered every time you talk about that you answer yourself they just go there to make it some sort of status statement you're going to wake yourself up I don't know if they're really fans of the NBA I couldn't tell you maybe they enjoy this sport whether it's white or black or not but in reality they don't say they might not say it to you to out in an open but when they have a conversation you know 90% of the white people hate black people I don't know I don't know the black people hate white people why do you say I know that you're not sure I'm not going to talk to because you don't want to have a conversation just want to keep rambling and rambling and rambling and rambling you know this and you know that in other words the whole world is to this guy's eyes that's why I took the police today to find out what people do think even a lobbyist there's some people out there who don't perceive their own feelings very honestly that's obvious but this guy I know this and I know that because that's the way he views it so therefore I must know it do I know it oh I don't know it pop up pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop just keep rambling it man rambling it keep you rambling it five six seven I think boy he was basically trying to say he don't like black people is that was trying to say I'm going to said that in about 10 seconds you don't like black folks okay you're entitled here's a mobile in Miami hello you got yes sir oh that was Jesus yeah first off from hearing you about an hour ago media one best suck and second off the thing about the marijuana and the heart attack thank you but all that was my one my say there you go happy you have been late at anniversary didn't get to call you that day I'm a sealed technician so I was in someone's house who most of you're showing this out okay your Q&A management sucks I don't know who those people are but they are just running you into the ground sure are they're doing a whole of a job reading your nerves and your never mind well thanks for the news the your website is excellent I just I love it I downloaded prisoner of love and it's wonderful okay what is my favorite anyway the national back to the association yeah if it wasn't for professional sports mostly besides it being prison you know it's phenomenal happened to be in prison anyway okay thanks 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line for Myers West Palm Beach Boiton Beach Viro Beach Ford Pierce Jacksonville Daytona Panama City Raidenton Clearwater Loots 877 785 6345 how's line 4 coming along by the way how about line 8 here on his phone that's not coming that's not any better to you it's not like crap to me all messed up all I have to say after day week after week month after months but I mean but I'm a little bit about but I just I like I said I can't imagine being in any way responsible for something that this is the most listen to program on this station by far everybody in this town is hearing and everybody knows about it and these people don't care they're oblivious and he's talking to my lawyer about making a setting up a studio summer going to do the show out of town you know something I could be in my pants they get about that these people are the most inept the most unbelievable incompetent in history of the business Marconius is right if he had a guy then gun in the box he'd blow his brains out just to make sure he stays dead just think about this place and there we actually it's always the same the world of things on the way and do the one piece at a time and Bob the mood said this in George Corso so that wow I really must be desperate for the money you know I have to be why also the world will come in day after day well and most days now you just know for a while they remember they first put this new thing and I came back from vacation and we had about three four days in a work okay or maybe one while five minutes and then the line eight things started it happened this morning George and I are sitting here talking before the show where I have the conversation and all of a sudden here he points to the goddamn monitor for the phone system and here's line eight is popped on by itself because it just popped right on like a like a big zit right off winds up close and you know bluff is walking around maybe yeah here's hialia hello good morning man yes sir how are you happy Friday to sir yeah I here are you all right I'm okay I'm not gonna get sick again from these people it may be six or six weeks with that I be as I'm not gonna do a screw I told you that if this is the way they want to run a radio station and that's their business there's nothing I can do about it I told you that trying to die before that that way I have to live up to their contract that's true could be I got a few things talked to you about the only sixty dollars yes sir okay whenever I have you know the people above friends or acquaintances they talk about all the racism that's here you know but you know and they try to take the color of the skin as I excuse I just point to them the Haitian community you know I have a lot of friends our Haitians here here's a group of people that's come from a that's a third world nation but a fourth world in ten world yeah many of them would out you know a higher education many without lower education right you know speaking not even not let's say not even the English language but the prevalent language it was a Spanish right in this community yeah speaking either of the above exactly with a color of skin darker real dark or even darker than most of the Haitian states right and here you are because I lived in North Miami and I said you could take care see that community is with melee melee Haitian American at this time yeah you know so what do you think if they finally stop put the diapers out there on the front lawn that was when they first came here the Haitians I mean it were like peaceful and set up but they kept your under diapers out there on the front the lawn people still getting a little bit of a shape about that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and we make in those 20 and 30 babies in each householder yeah so how can they actually make you a lot of babies they're gonna keep using the you know the color of the skin of saying excuse when these people have come you know well many of the days what but they've come and done what I mean what what is it you're trying to tell me what have they done you know they come here without nothing we're not because they were cheaper than the African Americans they worked the cheapest of all but they work hard and they if they can black people work for you know eight cent now they're working for five cents but you know at least they you know they've accomplished something as I've got their own houses they got you know decent jobs you know they put their kids for call I'm not really sure which one which group actually splits in the super lot but they will have to do a survey and the thing note remember what you said about Helen Dale's crying ray going up yes sir have you taken a drive through Helen Dale lately no not not recently thank God well taking you know the complexion has changed slightly yeah yeah I said you know well that's still depends on which side of the railroad tracks it is it's yeah you know you take a drive through there you'll see some changes okay my explain the crime rate thanks for the good news okay they have a great thing is he trying to say that dark folks are coming a lot of crime I'll be goddang virtualization saying doing it five six seven oh five they may be spending a soup five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless life let's do Cape Coral okay because we have so many articulate intellectual people in Cape Coral hello thank you yes sir I had a couple things I wanted to talk about first I love your show it's it's refreshing to hear somebody speak speak their mind yeah it's not the best is you don't understand it yes I don't think although it appears that black people commit crimes and of people of color it's actually poor people can commit crimes because they have nothing to lose and it's just so happens that I mean like headbundee well easy exception oh I think it's the the poor the poverty that causes this they they have nothing to lose so they're going to try anything to turn a buck and over here in Cape Coral in Lee County you have any poor people over there do you well I was going to say we do we have hope not we have a donebar area that's very poor predominantly black we also have fun coastal states which is very poor predominantly white the problems are similar crime and abuse children and it's because of poverty not because of color but what I really want to talk to you about was gun control I wonder what kind of gun control you would like to see what gun control I would like to see I'd like to see no more guns in the hands of private citizens and how would you go about that can't do it that's what I confiscate them but could you get them off huh could you get all you can't get all of them but you get as many as you can you go around and you're not going to the door three in the morning you say we're here to take your guns in the cup of crap and that's it you go in there and take the guns you do a search the problem is you do a search you look up their back home if they're hiding what that's right that is out you can't get out the problem is the genies out of the bottle we can't make them go away okay well I just let's give one to everybody let's give them all the kids at least put them on the kids no seriously little kids then they are all on even footing so if like that little kid and fled if he pulls a gun at least you got a chance to back you know yeah well make sure there's make sure there's a bullet in the chamber already because it takes they were showing how much force it takes to pull a trigger but if it's no ship but if there's a bullet in the chamber I'm going to even like a little six year old kid no problem can blow your ass away listen have a great day man okay there you go three minutes till noon at five sixty w two a m this is five sixty q a m the Neil Roger show sports radio five six bs q a m it's idiot of oddly on the brightest rough what would you bid on that fine oak cabinet yeah six hundred ninety four thousand twelve ten yeah that that that definitely six hundred ninety four thousand twelve ten yeah and the price is six hundred ninety four dollars and twelve cents your all winner they may not know what year it is but they know their prices and prices hundred twelve I'm gonna say show yeah yeah yeah that that that definitely a hundred twelve items that they saw don't miss a second the video it's the bug week on the price is right what's you mean I am first who got first who got first what's the guy second who's the American I don't know who's a probably one at five fifty w q I'm not going to leave it a while because the phones are working to be today and I'm getting really sick and tired of the scrap and joe cost double came in so George will be doing a show twelve thirty I'm getting a lot of here no seriously I'm just uh getting a lot of here as well I'm doing a go to Vegas I'm going to get on a plan to go to uh while keegan Illinois I'm going to go to Ishbrimming Michigan I'm going to be touring the Midwest over the weekend I'm going to go to God in Omaha to get ready for the college world series in a couple of months I'm just getting out here for a while because this is a very debilitating experience trying to work for the kids I think I'm going to have a little bit of a shot and see what you're doing now it was a jackpot baby you like you're looking at it you're looking at it you're looking at it you're looking at it you're looking at it you're looking at it you're looking at it you're looking at it you're looking at it you got it that's the epitome of WQA right there and these people think I'm going to buy their that's what we can't talk about that yet today but a couple of days here is a pop at O.B. hello hi Neil yes sir yeah I'd like to join you on a quick plane out of here yeah let's get out here for a couple of days got out of this place sounds good this station depress is me well listen Neil I'm a you know this crime rate thing I've you know I've been in an out of the truck I'm a truck driver yes yes and when you see I don't see and you could feel real safe right about now I didn't actually I stopped on for some lunch but I see on my schedule tomorrow I'll be down in Kendall tomorrow well like I said I wouldn't feel too safe if I were you well have you heard anything more I keep checking the newspaper every day I'm about that prostitution ring down there I can't believe me right now haven't heard another word about it well you know about those crooked cops pouring out some minor some underage girl and all the cops in the county from all kinds of their agencies going down there and screwing their guts out with some little minor gruff which has been swept out of the carpet not in other words how do you like that well no I was you know I I mean my buddies we preferred you know older women but we we really do you know yeah we we're really doing joy a good brawl but what we're curious about is that you know these guys are on paid administrative leave now I hear so now they have full time yeah but how come we never heard about all of the other they said that Airbnb agency and every police agency and date county was well represented there with all kinds of officers there morning noon and night banging their brains out what about those guys how come nobody ever heard another word about them now come there still running around on the taxpayers little getting paid when they ought to be in God any hard bars or something that's a good question I that's why I was curious maybe one of those guys could call in and lighten us there you go you know we'll get the trace you're on a right now well you know Neil Jesus is it all at least they could have done was opening up to the general public there you know I wouldn't bend so well I was the one to call yesterday said he heard she was real hot so that was good news have a great day pal take care good luck you bye boy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line got a couple lines working there day that we got something that are like a little uh this have a little bit of a problem a way to make it up this for a second you're not going to come back you think it's making it come back I don't think so fall they're making it come back here's my any hello yes sir first of all you do one minute and I like to tell you what you're going to say number one is when I was I'm an elementary school okay I see a lot of things in my school with which is a mobile palm elementary my name oh that was a few of the black people are my school everyone was feeling girls go change everyone was fighting everyone every one every black's everybody was fighting and stealing I'm feeling everyone and I'm the eyes don't lie okay and the other the other thing is when you know they want the wrong private school the colleges you know five six seven oh five sixty pound five only 18 T wireless line 87 seven seven seven eight five clan 87 seven seven eight five 63 45 here's sunrise hello hey the one year the crappy host of a talk show hey you get to here's North Miami hello hey Neil how are you I have no idea you're just lost lost in the wilderness and listen you know the the word I use for that is the Miami attitude man it's called arrogance you know I think it's called stupidity is what you know these are a lot of vacuum heads correct me from our arrogance correct me if I'm wrong you just had three colors ago call you and say the patience came off the book and at a hard time speaking the predominant language what can you but yeah how how how do you live how we live in that kind of arena what do you mean by that how do we live well it's it with I'm around our parents this is the first year we're here yeah I'm a business in North Miami yeah and he had said that he was got of North Miami because Haitians in this and I I have no idea what he was talking about what happened I thought he was there other than undercutting the working price for all of them out African Americans right the Haitians done here they built all that way to me here and I don't know what he's talking about I'm a white guy and I don't have Haitians because I'm educated and the very skill and I like to do all of the stuff let me tell you since since they moved in the North Miami area okay and I like I said I've been here about 10 years you even know me if you if you told my voice and in the last 10 years I've watched the Cuban to come in and move out of the neighborhood because they can't stand black people you know the Haitians have moved in clean up the area the price of property around here has risen yeah okay so yeah you know they're sealed saying about the diversity in the whole mind yards in the front yard but the reality is is Haitians are real family oriented people don't really family yeah well it's a truth I mean I listen there's bad apple everywhere but sorry listen to me people who are slippers oh yeah we listen to me can I finish just a sentence people who are slippers can't be reproducing like rabbits it's irresponsible okay well what is that have to do with what what I'm talking about and has everything to do with it well the good they're they're 90% good out there that have no who's 90% good well I'm talking about a patient how do you know that because I deal with them on and every one of you've done a survey and 90% of the Haitians are good people yes do you realize how asked to nine that statement is you realize how asked and I think that slippers you're you're you're you're bunching them all into slippers then they're not I mean the bulk of the people that I do business with yeah not they're Antel and well no come on I mean I'm just saying I'm listening to the big the the people who are very bigoted I'm just saying a positive film look man I've been here as long as you have I've dealt with all kinds I mean I've watched people come into my store and if I don't speak Spanish they turn right around and walk right out okay but so so so what do you do you're saying in other words the the Haitians are great oh I didn't say that people are going to do that I don't know what you're talking about what is what is your point what are you trying to say all right well my point was this that I heard I heard a guy call and say that Haitian people moved in and North Miami moved out yeah I'm saying thank you that's my point okay they did move in and North Miami you're welcome and have a great day you're safe real have an idea what are you talking about oh no I don't I need the interpreter I don't know what these people are talking about here so far you enjoyed the new Roger show with calls 41 without calls 33 no difference 14 out of the 88 we've had so far I don't know you're Roger's dot com which will leave this one up all weekend long but I'm afraid it's gonna be right down the middle again more with calls they like these calls I like the calls today oh they're dynamite I love them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty my favorite one was yeah we call several times a matter of fact to say yeah me on god in a generation a television show comes along worthy of every echoing so worthy in fact it's worthy of its own war chill ladies and gentlemen welcome to the first Daniels of bottles of war and the nomadine for fast lead character in the sopranos James Gendolfini the nomadine for fast supporting character to play the wife of the lead character in the sopranos 80 palco who will take home the coveted mobie award which until we could go didn't exist the sopranos awards finally more of the same honors they've already won over and over will be the stowed on the actors who have so many awards they can't walk through their family room without tripping already oh oh oh oh oh the sopranos award with special appearances by Mershan Michael and theory only Dominic TNAC total is the recall and that guy who used to play guitar for wrist spring season the sopranos awards only on HBO the only table channel with the stones to make you pay to watch in a word show. Prop 14 at five sixty wq a m here's a call from Chicago hello yes sir you know I want to get some kudos to your website designer yes it's excellent it is really clicks around no problem right and please I hope the call and vote wins because we we like to talk to you really we like to talk to you you know but that I can see that back to the website yeah yes great I've launched to an entire county recently and I know how tough it is to access an STP and blah blah blah but give him a raise he deserves okay you got a raise Eric thank you put the check in the mail pal thank you thanks so much five six seven oh five sixty our website is great neo Rogers dot com that's any I L without a D by the way neo Rogers all on word dot com for those illiterate people we have many of them the audience on several of whom we've talked to today by the way it was nice here in for men I mean I really don't care kills some time if you want to hear bozos every day that's okay and the colors you know just like this guy said the colors will win by a small margin probably just like a husband although we got all weekend to go so care keep that thing smoking over the weekend now George had a great idea was that your idea was at some of the very original idea we have these stupid marbling games coming up and that idea would be that they wouldn't take it off a lot of technical and logically speaking and I would even be willing to make the investment at getting a real good computer and putting it in here speaking of our website and we could continue when they have like the marbling games on his horrible marbling games that are always listening to under radio we can do the rest of the show like from 12.52 to 2.00 p.m. or to whatever where we run out of steam on the website and say whatever the hell we can say whatever we can say we can say Schmidt without the m and Frick without the r and whatever what however that goes play the uncensored version play the uncensored version of all the stuff we got in here and really entertained like a real audience out there of people with IQ large and they're at Thoneel that's a very good idea just sitting here in the room and of course does the FCC regulate content on the internet oh they do not and if they know what's good for them they never will because Don Corrio and they're going to be too happy about that here's the keys all hey Neil yes sir yeah I wanted to talk with you about these yokeles that are calling up about the race issue yeah it's kind of frightening really but when you hear these people call all the Haitians are good people well none of that all and nobody is good people can be a break well that's my point how come my way to make such a a gratuitously idiotic statement 90% of the Haitians are great people 82% of the Jamaicans ain't too bad and 47% of the Italians never stole a freight train and I'm not the gay professor certainly the question space of this personal experience and I get to guy a lot of credit for calling up and defending the Haitians that's the first white person I've ever heard or met it's actually defended the Haitians that since I moved down here and the ones that I met decent people and I'm sure that there's ones that I've met not so decent just like there's plenty of white jackasses and you can be calling your program but the problem is is that you notice that I can sort of tell by the sound of their voices and the manner of speech that the really gung whole race is tend to be older folks you know they tend to be a little bit you know middle age maybe even older or even elderly folks that this is what they've grown up with this is what they've been taught this is what they've learned because they you know I I'm going to kid down here that I work with and he used to use the dreaded inward all the time and he was from Detroit and I that's side Detroit actually and I said do you actually did you have a problem with black people one point your life is you ever run in he said no and I said did you grow up with them he said no I never knew any black people I said why how come how can you live in Detroit not everyone right in the suburbs and I said how could you possibly call them you know what you're calling them if you've never dealt with them I just hate them I'm like wow and that's that's the problem is that the really gungle races that the clan types the really evil nasty ones skin and every very little experience with actual black people and I grew up in Philadelphia and let me tell you they're not all nice but I don't have a problem with them anymore than I have a problem with white people you just need to read and experience life a little bit and you start signing out that it's not this country loves to divide stuff up by race with the real division is made by class yeah country and that's you know people let me just repeat the two things I said yesterday two education and birth control those are two things to keep running through my mind education birth control okay have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in somewhere hello yes sir all right I'd like you like to call us and you just got through swatsahist we were about to call you about that a few weeks ago we got now we had much and I want to do it on the affirmative action from the vaccine and get me deadly squad right okay and I'm black didn't even get both didly squad yeah that's why I was you so man you know what I worked your website and you got all the best stuff stuff right past and maybe the black person turned on by you I mean even though you white and you do and you get that's not this right the fact is I like your stuff man there you go or one hip-right guy you know you tell it like it is all right hey you and um as far as I be to my man don't forget it you know yeah yeah whatever yeah word up yeah yeah um anyway um this far as George I'm a Jeff Bush and Jeff Bush I'm a funny question I'm a funny question I'm done my Jeff Bush and this um and this should have crap I mean in the sense I I I I ain't saying this but that uh from the vaccine gotta go like I say then you help me you can get me nothing right you can get me nothing I'm playing on the school next month the major and something I don't want to talk about over yeah but I think it's a good living at it okay and are you on robbery no no no no no no no no no no no no I don't want to I don't want to be spirit that that's why I try to get through okay listen gotta run yeah everything count thank you here yourself five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line isn't that I consider it a Jill Costello to bring his ball in from home for the show the staff knew when George comes on that was kind of considerate especially after that nice topic kick out gave me the night that was given me by the Panther organization and that bottle of wine and bottle of a grandma bull and that was pretty nice here's Miami hello hey doing now great I've been using to your show all week I want to see I'm a Haitian American and we have a Haitian caller all right I've been listening to you for the long we've been on I must say it's like like the court told you to get today anybody who's in her life I think we should stop in her life in the oxygen realizing deal with people one minute time that's one second of what I like to say that as a black person whether the person I'm going to have to introduce an idiot we just don't like it I don't care whether they white black Spanish wherever I have the person is an idiot he's an idiot that's right second of what well there's an old Chinese saying an asshole is an asshole and I'm sorry the asshole in other words that's all right taken over was something I would like to say to you right one of the way you from you're gonna have people are good you're gonna have people are bad okay so that's that's that's two and check it over when it comes to a narrative action one thing we have to say that I'm sure that you know that one not everybody judge people because they are good or they can do a job some people most people just they don't like black people you come in front of them they just on deal with you and some of them just because of that information they have to deal with us and they have to give us a job because they want to but because they have to even that even though that we have the credentials we are smarter and a lot of time some of the white people must have me that when they give a black person a job it's because the person is as good and he has to be 12 times a black as a white person some of us have to admit that and I think that it's not not all of us get a job because we black because we cannot do the job but because we can do it and do it twice as good that's most good a lot of us to get good job because we can do it but we have to be 12 times a good thing someone was after I'd meet it I would have to need I'd like to see what you have to say about that and I would like to stuff by okay he likes my stuff everybody likes my stuff a lot of things like my stuff is much is like Chris Ackens stuff. No remember that or is there any of that movie and I didn't have the night and heaven we want to see my stuff or Griffin always said yes poor morgriff and you know so best understood I'm under was it Ava Gabor the pig that he was really smitten with you know which one was it really five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's plantation hello Neil yes sir and god listen they're like a real problem that's aren't kicking pandering me to in South Florida yeah Jesus quite good Rick Sanchez doing this sir special on the real Cuba I don't think they've looked at their studio windows for a bloody decade because the whole place is a bloody war zone I've built the Miami Reno sunny morning I get down this I take a wrong turn some I don't know how I got lost because sunny morning because you couldn't move it it's like a bloody war zone another war zone for some book or something or some bloke to let somebody crack it was like a bloody war zone when you know something that's what that guy that Rick hit you know when Rick was a little intoxicated out there in front of the police and it's here's a guy said as he was falling he said it's had like a bloody war zone and then it said oh and then we ended it where we'll share interventionally he died oh I know and then it makes me sick he's Cuban ask his and pandering me to yourself yeah what sort of a country we're living in it's even clear though I'm back you're and then it's that putting a finger a Cuba holy moly they have you looked at it I've been down the studios down there the bloody wars are you cutting this up your car this up bloody war I'll see you in last mile vina so okay okay okay okay well at least the briths are smart enough now they only pick I like little tiny people that can't fight back right maybe if they didn't have quite so many queens in England they might have you know bushed up a little bit but in any way the uncut wonder boy the array George you know I'm as the staple of MS and these nineties and now the long awaited CD is here the rampies sing their favorite beach boy hit well we're not racking but we killed our daughter and added up money to right the authorities with plenty left over it we should decide to kill a bear there but now pat the get this ticket for the flight. Hacks up at... Not much like. You know friends. Long time. You're faster? My controller. Yes, it's the Ramsey. Singing their favorite beach boy hits. Now available from the guilty treasure records. Oh, thanks for the cost rub by the way, Joe, but I don't have any time anymore. Why? I knew I wouldn't. I'll suck on it later. And the cost rub too. 1229 on 560 WQA, I'm at the George Show now. So I'm going to hang up on all these people because they don't want to talk to me. At least I don't think if you do want to talk to me, call back because the Neil's gone. He's on his way to the airport. And whatever it is that they wanted to talk about what he was talking about. I guess the racing we're talking about that still or again or whatever. And I didn't want to talk about that. I wanted to talk about citrus canker. Have you ever had a citrus canker? You don't know because you probably don't have any citrus in your yard or in your parents' yard. Where you still live. Look at this. I had to put a sweatshirt on in here. Did you notice how cold it is in here? Is that people like it cold? It's freezing in here. My nipples were all rock hard. Or was that for another reason. So they're slashing all the citrus trees in and around town. And they just changed the, I want to say law, but I don't know if it's a law the policy. It used to be only 200 feet. Now it's 1900 feet. For something like that. Because God forbid, you know, we should destroy Florida citrus industry and I don't want to destroy Florida citrus industry. And far beyond for me to be the one person who destroys all of the citrus trees. And they're not being destroyed by the way. The fruits just come out with blemishes. And I don't know what else it is. Maybe somebody who knows something about citrus canker can enlighten me. We see the PSA on the TV. Have you seen those at least? The PSA is on the TV. That they're come see you've been in my backyard, right? And besides the dock, what's the coolest need of thing about my backyard? All the trees, all the trees, which one in particular? The giant 30 to 40 feet tall. I don't even know how tall it is. It's so tall you can't see around to the top of it. You know, I'm saying it's so tall and broad. And it is the primary plant in my backyard. It's not only that the primary shade tree, but it's in the perfect spot. So it's like in the afternoon, it's shade the whole backyard from the afternoon. It's the sun. And it also makes a nice convenience of border between myself and my neighbor on the one side. And it's a big, Ruby red, the bright Ruby red, like pink, pink grapefruit. It tastes great, it tastes sweet. You don't need any sugar on them when you eat them, but I put sugar on it anyway. And it's going to go from what I hear. I've got two other, I've got two orange trees. I don't care about them who give the crap about them. They can go. Well, replant. And the thing that I'm hearing is that they're going to give you $100 for every tree that they cut so that you can replace it with a shade tree. That grapefruit tree is worth more than $100. I'm sorry. It's not a fact that it's to me it's priceless. It's big, it's huge. I was thinking of hanging a swing from it, you know, a tire swing or a punch and bag something. It's massive. I've never seen a grapefruit tree. Any kind of a citrus tree. That huge. It's huge isn't it? The grapefruit tree. It's huge. It's enormous. The grapefruit tree. And it's the star of the yard. Pretty much. Can you imagine that backyard? I mean, it's pretty lush and it's got the ferns and the high discoses and palm trees all over it. And everything does they're all great. All the trees and everything is really great, but it would be nothing without that giant ass grapefruit tree. You could put up the gazebo and put the each cozy under it. I really, really like that tree. I mean, a lot. I might have to take the bucket out of storage. You know, the crying bucket and towel that I'm saving for when you'll go to the yard. When you'll go to the yard, when I have to break that out and get some advanced use of it, if they come and take that tree away. I mean, I'm beside myself. And I don't want to sound like an asshole. I don't want to go on and say, oh, you know, screw the floor to citrus industry. Can't care this. Yeah, I'm not a hard ass. I know that the economy depends on the citrus industry, but I've been hearing people talk. And the articles that they've had in the paper have people saying things like it's no good anyway. There's nothing we can do anyway. We just have to let it run its course. Well, okay, I like that idea. My trees don't have canker. I don't know what it looks like, but they look really nice. They're healthy. Whatever it is that they're supposed to have it, they don't have it. But don't know. Takes a long time for the canker to mature and it could be a carrier and this and that. That's what the other side says. So we're just going to come and cut your trees down and give you 100 bucks. I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm beside myself. I don't know what to think about it. I don't know what to feel about it. Please, somebody help me out. Miami Beach, hello. Yes. Are you doing all right. I personally, I don't know much about the tree thing, but if the wind blows and go on the other trees. That's right. So the, on the residential neighborhood of Wai East, we're on a, you know, I'll, uh, it would go like for instance, say a human in Miami's got something and it would head all the way up to Boko or New York. But I'm here with it's already like another word that's already permeated throughout the whole state. So, flashing the trees is really isn't going to do anything. There's an open tack inside my little bag bag there, Joe. Well, it's the, I could say today. I'm, it's not in the book or on television, but put a comment over it. Okay. I'll put a big giant rubber over it. Okay. I can see there's absolutely no interest in the second. Nobody has any fruit trees that they're all depressed about losing. Okay. No problem. We can go back to iron shaft and whatnot. I was really, for the first time, bummed that I wasn't going to be doing the show. Usually I'm very relieved when, uh, when I find out that I'm not going to be doing the show that day. You know, the studio has, uh, had been taken over by Arab terrorists. You can't come to work that day. That's usually a good thing. But the last Monday, as you all heard, where we had the noxious fumes in here, because they wallpapered over the weekend and the AC conked out, you couldn't get in here and everything was torn apart. Actually, had a lot that I wanted to cover. I took massive notes during the iron shaft Friday and Saturday after spending all week on it. Because just what everybody's watching that day. Email, email, people came to the appearance that you were conspicuous by your absence of by the way, even though Jack and Jill came by to say hi. And here everybody was conspicuous by their absence. Not them, not your good friends. Your friends are better friends than you are. How do you like that? Nice people, your friends. I'm going to start all the freebies and everything that I've been trickling down to you. I'm going to start just skipping you and handing them over to them. I think I'm going to like that on Saturday. I was your raised member. Better raised my boy. Race boy, you can't do anything on Friday night because you have your show in the morning. And you can't show up to any other people's appearances on Saturday because of your racing thing. I would have loved to show up to the appearance. I was we had fun. It's nothing else. We were having fun just chuckle in the laughing. We were since it was a casino. We were having gambling games of our own as in which one of these people is going to kick off first while we're here. We had a little pool going on. A little pile of money at the table. I was voting on the guy with the electric wheelchair who was held to held together by his tumors and nothing else. So you missed a good time there and how did I get on to that? On the appearance. Fire, chef. We had people coming up talking iron chef at the appearances. And so I even took note on that big Friday night iron chef's battle with the salmon. That was a great battle, by the way. Dude, that was a perfect battle because it had the traditional guy against Morimoto who's the wild man who breaks all the rules and they hate him for it. He was cooking rice on his traditional cast iron pot. He was scooping the salmon meat out with the abalone shell because he didn't want it to get the taste of metal. He was winning the over and then he reached for the broccoli. And that's it right there. No broccoli broccoli. A little update. I've seen the beginning of the show now. Okay good. Isn't it doesn't it just set it all up? It brings a tear to my eye. It is so ridiculously ridiculously funny. The person who touched the bat. The man who made the ball. The ball. They just they build it up big. But so anyway, he reached for the broccoli in the new lawsuit. And also Morimoto did the same where he took the salmon and stuffed it with other salmon. Salmon stuffed salmon and so did all up and baked it. After he dried it with the blow dryer of course, that makes them crazy. The Japanese because they're so all traditional and everything. He's using a you know a blow dryer on it. And then the the following night it was him again. And he used a blowtorch on the tofu. Which I wish you know it was fun to watch the tofu battle. But I've never tasted tofu where it didn't taste like whatever it was it was with. What is that? Bean curd. Oh boy. That's a good ingredient. But by far the best battle was the yogurt battle. Since we were talking about it. That was cool because I like Chen can eat. He's my favorite. And he had no idea. I don't think he ever saw yogurt before. He made such a face when they when they displayed that bowl of yogurt. Like what is that crap and what do I do with it? And I told the wife I said he's going to he's going to taste a big group of it. He's going to be sticking to fingers and it's tasting it trying to figure out what to do with it. Because he's got no clue. And sure enough as soon as he got the bowl back to his area, he took a giant spoonful of it. Second is mouth and made this face like what is this crap? What do you do? You put this on your feet. You put it on your face. How about the night before iron chef Italian making all the disparaging comments about the Mexican food. Dude, he was being harsh. It's calling it all simple and based. You know it's not as sophisticated as the Italian cuisine which I got to agree with that. But still the other guy, you know, the the challenger who went to Mexico and studied. He was getting like hostile and thrilled. There was almost a fight. And one of the the peanut gallery there said some stupid stuff about Italian food being derived from Mexican food. That was stupid. And that sent all the Italians and my family just bouncing off the wall. Well, they don't know what to talk about anyway the Japanese. They were saying they're matching up because it's all Latin. That's coming from the Latin. But that iron chef Italian, that's my Halloween costume. Dude, if I took all these notes, there was so much going on that weekend. On Friday, besides the iron chef, A&E did a couple of really great shows on the weekend of Mormons because we were talking about them earlier in the week. And you know how we mentioned the welfare people that it's trailer park trash. Well, here's another huge segment of the white population that's on welfare are all these polygons and the families. There are whole towns and Utah mostly but also Wyoming South Dakota and North Dakota. And another place was where the entire town, they're nothing but polygamous. And they they have these little cottage industry kind of things like they sell. Whole mage shoes over the internet or they sell soilies or hands, soin pot holders and things like that over the internet. But their primary source of income is welfare because there's no way that they can feed their hundreds of children. Each family has like hundreds of children because that's you know having multiple wives is only the beginning of polygony. You have to have a whole slew of children. Also, each wife has 10 kids that you've fathered off of her. And so you have these entire one-man clan. You know, I'm saying one father and then just this entire brood of people and I don't care what business you're in. You can't possibly support all those kids so they're all on welfare, I guess what? So that was going on over the weekend. I wanted to you know, bash the Mormons on Monday and then we had this the poison gas thing. And so I feel all backed up now. Like I like I want to go to the bathroom which I do you were right Neil by the way about the happy Neil. I had that just one little McDonald cheeseburger and boy howdy. So I need to go. I'm clenching it. Twenty-two-one five sixty WQIM. This is five sixty. You call that a peanut when you put it in your mouth. It doesn't stick to your tongue. It sort of melts. That's good to have me in my mouth. I've that channel ladies and gentlemen for your own amusement. So they you can step right up to the Neil Brothers table. More WQIM. Then the wheel and when the price. Yeah! No, not that guy. That guy. The deal. Study your men. These shirts. I think it. This is it. This is it. But I've been a hat. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. I've got a guy just to get my friend out of here. I'll see you here and watch. Come on. There you go. Start dancing. Start dancing. Start dancing. Dad, you're fine. I need a quick talk. I'll get nice quick talk. Here. 14. So I'm sitting back all of a sudden. That's a week. I said ignore everything I told you during the break. That's what you missed. That was a two minute bit. Expand that to four hours and that's what you missed. There Joe aren't you sad? I'm very disappointed you come. But a lot of things talk about the plate. We can say the plate was things for later. One time at the plate. I know it was going to be a Valentine's day kind of costume sort of thing about how the people were there in costume. When you're at plate, the costumes take on a whole different slant. Really exciting costumes. That's what they're covering. But what they're showing. I didn't know where I would have worn my cape. There were people running around with the cape. I have a cape. They're sort of brought my cape. There's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, George. Hey. What? Yeah. I just tuned in. Listen. You just left right now to go on the conversation. Okay. What's the show you're doing today? Not the no show. 5.6705.6. The pound 5.6. The on the 18.2 wireless line. Told three. Nationwide for what it's worth. 877.785.635. That toll-free number is going to really start kick-in when we do the the the the e-show. The cyber show. Whatever it is that we're going to call it. Doing the Marlins games. And we just continued broadcasting. Out of here, but it won't be on the radio. It'll be on the on the website on the page. Eric ought to be like a nattle. And then we can say everything. We want we can say. And. And we could say again and again and play the on-sinceard version. It's going to be great. Coral Gable to love. Hey, George. Hey, what? That iron chef show over the weekend. But I didn't like the I like the salmon. I hated it when they unveiled yogurt. Yeah. You know, the you know, the tofu. Both of those things. I look at that and it's like, oh, no. I don't know. At least you know what yogurt tastes like. You know, they're talking what during the tofu battle. They're talking about, oh, I like tofu just by itself. It's salt and socking. Yeah. Yeah. But that's the Japanese for you. You know what I can figure out. Answer one question. I can't. Why are some of the people dubbed and other people have subtitles? You'll notice that the only one who really isn't. Dubbed is Chairman Taga. Yeah. Everyone else is subtitled. And I don't know why that is. I have a theory. That Chairman Kaga being the big ego, the big dandy that he is. He's like, no one speaks for me. You use my voice and just put the little subtitles on. You know, it's amazing. It's been probably 20 years. But it seems to be that they still use the same people to translate that they use for the Kung Fu movies. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's just awful. It's so. But it's can't. Of course it's all. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's the show of a bat. That's one of the things you love about it. But I would just rather see some tasks. I like to hear them speak to Japanese. I'm trying to say that this is kind of confusing me. Yeah. And what up, but see. Oh, I like about the translation is that they translate the grunts and grones. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, oh. I got to like that. You all that. That's what you're. I mean, you're also show half for the cooking and half for the can't be crap that they've got. I don't know what to do with this. It's that she's translating the life. The translators laughing. Yeah, yeah, it's so anyway. But my favorite is one deal. Whoever gets to translate a big row bus guy. Right. You know, the old. The very good. The old room of food. He got by the way, tonight is the Asparagus battle. Oh, that's not bad. And tomorrow night, Abalone. Oh, the shellfish. Oh, okay. Yeah, there's something you can think of. There you go. I don't know. People like to be surprised, but I'm going to ruin it for everybody. Just as a matter of course. Thanks a lot, sir. I think it is. I just I like to be surprised. You like to be surprised. Thank you. So well, too bad don't work this show anymore. Tell them it's okay. Let's tell them. up. Put it in. Oh, whoa. What is that? That was the. I don't know what that was. That thinks that was the. The peach battle. That's how you say peach and Japanese. Yeah. Probably. You realize those samans were. How do we do that? You realize those salmon were how much were they? I actually took notes because I wanted to sound informative on Monday, which the show that never happened. 300 bucks a fish for that salmon because the UNICEF salmon that they were using are rare. One in five thousand salmon is a UNICEF salmon. They were big. The meat was so pink, so yummy-looking. Tell me that salmon stuffed salmon didn't look good when he pulled it out of the oven. When the one guy was scraping with the abalone shell, I guess there's the abalone. I don't even like fish. Have you ever had abalone? I've never had abalone. I've never had. Everybody has an abalone shell ashtray in their house, or at least used it. I've never had abalone. I want to see ingredients that at least I've had so that you can, you know, a possibly attempt some of it because not all of it is all complex. Sometimes, Ota will rat a law like 500 ingredients. In this pan, the yarn shaft is mixing. There's all this stuff in the chant. You don't have a chant. Some of the stuff is just simple. All salt and sugar and flour and there you go. The stuff that you've never tasted, how can you even relate to it? Start to relate to it. The tofu or that pork. That was gross. That's the one with the yarn shaft loss. Or maybe not. You didn't see the pork battle? They had the kind of Japanese hogs that were all fat. Seriously, when they sliced the meat, when they brought the meat out, everything was white. They were just like little tiny ribbons of meat throughout the entire pork and they're cooking all the stuff. They're just eating it. They actually sliced them up and just handed it to the panel to taste it. It's all fat. It made bacon look lean. It grows and they're making all this stuff and soup and everything and I'm thinking, it is just... I like pork, but that was all fat. Where's the meat? Here's a lady in a mobile and hollywood hello. Hi. I love my own chef. My husband and I watched every week report. It's a taper. By the way, for the people that can't tapered or they're out partying, partying, they repeated at 1 a.m. Well, we have no life because I'm pregnant. Oh, well, we don't have a life. You won't have a life for about three more years. That's why I understand. But he is actually his way. I have to stand home. He's on his way to New York. He's going to know both tomorrow night, which is Iron Chef Japanese's home restaurant. Oh, man. Tell him to bring me back a t-shirt or something. Bring me a little bit. I'll say, I'll say, I'll say, bring back a moody moto t-shirt or something. I'll see what I can do. OK. All right. But you did a great job and I enjoyed listening to you. Thank you very much. Take care. Bye. And far beyond for me, I was the hardest cell for a cooking show. I hate cooking shows. I mean, what's the freaking point? To me, it's just this far removed from watching us a sports show. Do you know what I'm saying? Because again, it's watching something that's actually fun and interesting to do. But this is actually a cooking sports show without a doubt. And the funny thing is the other night, I call you to ask you a question. And we end up just like to John Snores, what's in the game. We're rooting for it in a night before. I'm rooting for the challenge. You're right. Exactly. But you know what? Because neither one of us could possibly even attempt that. Oh, yeah. We can make macaroni and cheese. You know, I'll make a mean omelet for French toast or something like that. But what they're doing never in a million years. That's why, first of all, you can only watch that. And it is a battle. It is an adult battle. But again, what makes it good is it's the comedy of it. Besides the rooting, it is exciting. And here I'm talking about a cooking show and saying words like exciting. Never thought it would happen. But not only is it exciting to watch and you don't know who's going to win, although it's usually iron chef. And let's eat does something crazy. But oh, I know what it was. No, I think you won't. That too. We need to get this stupid Emerald off of there and get iron. That's five nights a week. I know. But it's funny. The bottom line is that it's funny to laugh at the Japanese because they're so incredibly silly. 6-1 on 5-60 WQA. This is 5-60. QA. WQA. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. A delicacyf. M. M. M. M. A. T. See Ella's yogurt. M. M. L. She. Sweet Fried benim kaikousu. M. M. M. M. 01. M. L. Meaw mutton. G. L. E. T. T. T. Te. S. T. S. Fatta St. R. . M. M. M. N. TH. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. I'm gonna go back to the next one. One-two-one. Five-six-he-w-q-a-m-hot. Why am I so early here? Why did you tell me to take that break? I didn't even read the clock. You just made that break thing. And I bailed. We're too early, man. No, you're never too early. Because we still don't start taking a early for the last hour. Who cares? Who cares? Palm Beach, hello. Hey, George, how you doing? Oh, please, God. Thank God. I had my inspection yesterday. Oh, so it's not automatic. It's just they're actually in Spain. Hey, go everywhere. I'm in South Palm Beach. Okay. And so these guys come up to my door and I'm like, I'm, I'm in these citrus trees. Well, we have to check anyway. That's the cake or cups. So I'm like, okay, I'm gonna put my dog away. Is everything okay back there? They asked me, I'm like, yeah, everything's cool. Come on back. They check all four quarters of the yard. And as they're leaving, I'm like, what if I wasn't here? Well, if they go anywhere. You can go anywhere. It's right. It's closed. We can go in as long as it's not all right. Right. And I'm just saying, anyone growing out there, bring your stuff inside. Hey, man. How good are you? Okay, that wasn't the answer that I wanted. They don't have to do an inspection. I mean, you could see the grapefruit tree from the front yard. It sticks up its twice the height of the house, at least. And it's going to be gone. I'm afraid. I'm a feared. But nobody knows nobody cares. Apparently. But I guess, well, they pick up this show in the, in the redlands, in the home stead. There's a grows down there, not the major kind of grows that they have, you know, up towards the central part of the state. It's going to take way more than a hundred bucks to resog your lawn. The size of the hole you've got after that tree has gone. Well, maybe they're not going to pull it out. Maybe they're just going to cut it and leave a big old stomp. And we're talking a big old stomp is what that's going to lead on acceptable. See, that's how I feel. See, there's this emotional thing that I'm feeling right now. But, you know, I try to be all open minded and reasonable kind of human being. And I'm a good citizen and all that wonderful stuff. But, you know, I don't want to be part of this play. You know what I'm saying? I'm not going to hold up. Then try to rid this state of Florida canker. Okay, it's bad. It makes it blemishes the oranges. That's the big thing that they're talking about. If that's all it does, then I'll get hostile. I mean, who cares if the orange has a, you know, a blemish on it? Oh, well, you know, if they have blundishes and they can't be sold. Well, if they taste the same, what's the big deal? No, it's not. At the point is, if they're going to cut down your tree, they should restore your yard to some sort of level. A hundred bucks isn't going to do didly. Okay, a hundred bucks is going to cover the dope that I smoke just to not kill myself. Over the loss of that tree. I mean, seriously, when we first went and saw the house, I mean, besides, and they had it all open. So you can see from the front door all the way out the back windows. You know, and immediately we just ran right through the house because, hey, we're on the water. Look at this dock. Wow, this is great. But the second most visible noticeable exciting thing about that yard is that big ass tree, huge giant broad limbs and branches. And the fruit, the fruit are incredible from that thing. I've never had, you know, I've lived in houses or on property that had fruit trees, but it's like an orange tree, and avocado tree, maybe a low-quot, nothing like that, nothing like this tree. And it makes a lot of fruit by the way. Did you ever get any of those when I was pulling the fruit off that thing? That was bad. It was a big fruit. It was a big fruit. But I hate grapefruit. Okay, that's probably why you didn't get any. And it's going to go away. And it's going to leave this really stark blank hole. I'm going to get an incredible, wonderful view of the back of the neighbor's shed. You know, nice rust. And then what? I'm going to plant another little tree, and then by the time I'm dead, it'll be half the height of this one. Mobile and Miami, hello. Hello, mobile and Miami. Okay. Nice talking to you. Here's another mobile and Miami. Yeah, George. Yes, sir. How you doing? Look at least I agree it's not enough 100 bucks, but at least the compensating you. I had 12 farm trees. When they went through a yellow blight. Yeah. And they cut every single one down and these things were huge. And they didn't give me a penny. It all they did was they cut them down, chopped them up and put them in my front yard. And they kind of keep buying and picked them up. They didn't give me one red cent. And I planted them trees from coconuts. Do they take the stumps? Oh, no, no, no, no. You got to hire somebody to come out for a hundred dollars. I treat and use some grinders that grind down the dust. And if you're getting the backyard and it's going to charge you more because you're going to have to use a special machine. You can't do that. I got sense. I'm sorry. I got sense is that you can't get an even like a little bobcat back there. You can't get unless you bring it in from the canal. You can't get anything into my backyard unless you fly it in. Well, I got to do like I did with two of my trees in my backyard. I turned them into like on a table. That's what they want. I'm going to make a table so that I can sit and put my elbows on it and cry. And that's a believe me. You talked about the straw. When you playing a tree. I'm a coconut. Yeah, that's an old friend. I mean, that's even worse than this thing. It's, I mean, I should have said something believable. And I live in South Dade. And they have my body on spec my house. I got two trees. Yeah. So I'm going to think of a lot. I'm going to lose them. Yeah. And that's like you said it's too personal. Slain thing because the city of industry says, Well, it's not going to sell because the oranges have got blemishes on it. Yeah. What are they going to do if it goes to the whole state? They're going to be finished. 40 C.A.C. or line tree are line growth down here. They want in a bowl of boats. They need a child of guy. Right. You don't have a choice. There's nothing you can do. I mean, I'm thinking, because you know what they do up in the north west. The tree hugders. They spike the trees. They drive these like spikes into the trees. And if you come in to try to cut it down with a chain saw, the chain saw is going to bind at best to explode at worst. And possibly injure the guy trying to cut the tree down. That actually went through my head. Oh, sh. I mean, you know, I like the tree. All right, sir. All right, buddy. I would go. Of course. I mean, I, you know, again, I'm not, I don't want to be an anarchist. But I really, really like that tree. I mean, I'm expressing myself way nicer than the way I'm thinking. You know what I'm saying? Because my thought process is kind of like, leave my tree alone asshole or I'll shoot your ass. I mean, that's, that's how I'm feeling. I love this tree. I'm thinking, you know, changing myself to the tree or something. But no, because, you know, then they'll just drag me on. It's your tree, Dammit. It's my tree. When we're at a stop, first they cut down your tree. Next, who knows? Next, my pot plant. Your daughter has a disease. We have to kill her to keep it from spreading. Mobile and homes that, hello. Hello. George, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. I get the same feeling about the trees. I was on vacation a week ago in a couple of the animals from, from the houses in my area. There's about at seven, maybe eight people on them. And what they were doing, they were inspecting for the, yes, tanker. And my case were locked. They didn't even buy to come up on the door. And, uh, they didn't knock on the door anything. But they left me a tag saying that they would, they would come back out and inspect my trees. But my brother-in-law, there's a full-lord. They did, don't buy an inspect his trees and give him a clean bill of health. They didn't, they didn't touch any of the citrus. Oh, you mean they, they actually inspect them. And if they do have the tanker, then they're, they're supposed to be the ones that yank it out. What about this 1900 feet thing that I'm hearing about? If you could have a neighbor, 1900 feet away, which is what? I don't know. Well, see that? That's what I'm worried about, because my next one, neighbor, has a lot of citrus trees and it's a beautiful, yeah. The mind one, within 1900 feet, they're going to cut everything within 1900 feet of the infected trees. Yeah, well, I know. And I'm a little, very about mine, because I've nurtured them for the last year and a half, trying to get them to, to produce fruit and other full of blossoms. And I mean, they look great, but, uh, you know, you can have it look like. Pardon me? What does it look like? It's supposed to be like a little spot on the, on the bottom of the leaf. Um, it looks like basically like a temple, I guess, and this is just black with a little spot in the middle of it. Um, I'm not sure if you're going to have her leaf or more than that. It's on the bottom of the leaf and, like, groups of them, I mean, what? Yeah. Yeah, they started on TV a couple of nights ago. And a couple of my trees, I, because, you know, if you're like, I am, you're not a, you know, fruit but, I'm not going to let them go like it. Yeah, well, you go try to find something that's expanded to create a kill whatever it is, if it's a fungus or whatever. So, uh, I try to do that with melapayan and, you know, talking to people what would take it. You know, any kind of stuff off or kill what they call leaf rollers, as they look very similar to the, uh, the spots that, uh, so black pimples under the leaf. Yeah, I, you know, I don't want to mention my trees either, but, uh, all right, no, hey, no, it's my trees or cake or, you know, ribbon up, even the grapefruit tree um, you know, whatever, but if it's not just because somehow, so, you know, what if you, you know, what if you, you know, on the other side, I'm not even five exactly. That, um, you know, just, just the way you know, they, I mean, they didn't expect my brother in law of trees, uh, that's what clear or so. All right, there's hope, but I don't get there. Okay, okay, thank you. I don't have to, I don't have to implant the spikes just yet. Kendall, hello. Click. Nice talking to you. That's been going on a lot. Of course, we don't have no idea if it's the phone or what it is. Davey, hello. Hello. Yeah, sorry, you're doing. I'm doing all right. You're not doing so well. At least not your phone. Yeah, sorry. No wrong. Have you talked to your insurance company yet? Ding, ding, ding, ding, no. What a very, very good point. I do have really good insurance. Oh, my hang up again, Jerry. Okay, I can't hear you either. Why am I such a knit-it? You know, why? I'm a brand new homeowner and I know nothing. Excellent point. Excellent point. That's at least a grand possibly $2,000 tray. Way above the adjustable. Good point. I'm feeling better already. But then once again, even if I had that money, if I had that money, I'm not going to spend it on no tree. I mean, I like it, but I'll hear. Here's another dilemma. The insurance company. If I get an insurance check for that tree, I'm not going to spend it. If I get two grand for it, I got way many more things that I could spend two grand on. I picked up another tree. I'll make up the, like you said, the Gavevo. So that you could see under there. Yeah, we'll be over all the time. Absolutely. Mobile and Cooper City, hello. How about a boat for the dock? Hey. There's an idea. Unfortunately, the boat continues to cost. The initial cost of the boat is the least of it. You know, too many people in the family, too many friends that all have boats. They'll be the Lord Almighty. I don't know. The fact that I have a dock means that they can come by, park the boats, pick me up, and then we can go off. That's a good one. That sounds cool. Right. Okay. I don't know about the insurance, but my own man lost 15 trees. Last year. Uh, Citrus? Citrus. Ooh. They come in. They inspect. They find it. They are in the market with a big ex. Week later, they come along. They chop it. They leave the stuff. They leave the... In his case, they let the... ...but a foot stop. Okay. And he was not very happy. No, I can only imagine. Yep. I don't have to imagine. I'm psychotic. It just the thought of it. But if they have an even inspector, you don't know. And those cankers, the source looks... The thing looks like a basically like Nildu. Okay. Under the leaf. Yeah, under the leaf is what they look like. Okay. They want to know what I'm suffering. I don't think we have that. I mean, I looked at it. I looked at it, trying to figure out, you know, without knowing what to look for. And it's like, okay, it looks like... It looks like orange trees. It looks like... They start tree. They start messing around with these old cubins, man. They get really, really pissed off. Yeah. No. Anyway. They can't call somebody to get this bag. Yeah, go ahead, call them right up and call them that. 11, 5, 50, WQIS. What the f***ing you doing? Chill. They get easy. I'm losing my balls over here. It's f***ing more like playing hazel. Get the f*** out of here. I'm just trying to treat the tangerine. Why? Why now? Who are you with there? Are you just squat? What do you see f***ing idiots, huh? Where do you get them? He walks in, sheep with cheese on TV. Get... Leave the f***ing cheese there, all right? I love f***ing cheese at my feet. I stick more of f***er, put more of my slaxed knight. So they smell like your sister's clack in the morning. All right? So leave the f***ing f***ing fucking cheese. Where it is! 115, 550, WQAS. What you're missing, Joe. I'm not watching this, the piano. Fun things. Like that. I don't want to perpetuate that anti-attallion stereotype. You're the one that told me that that was just a civilian stuff. That's true. Okay, so what are you worried about? It's actually very good. They're too close for comfort. They nail it. By the way, thank you very much, Sanda, who came by the appearance to say hi and talk on your show. Any QD's show? I don't. You're good. One's your show on. Oh tomorrow morning. Why don't you tell us about that by the way? Oh great. Motorsports talk 6am. Nobody else in town but me. So if you like motorsports, you got to listen 6am. Oh, that said it's just going to be you. I'm working on some guests right now but I haven't locked them up yet. Okay, but anyway, she facts me and reminded me. And yes, I was thinking this but I wasn't sure. Motorlossy Bamboo Battle. And again, Bamboo Battle. Everybody over here is going bamboo as food like we're pandabers. You eat bamboo. It actually looked appetizing. Some of it. Some of it's the, I just, you know, that's one of those things where you don't think of it as food. It would be like, you know, muddy motor one feels the secret ingredient. And it's paper, you know, we're all going, huh? You know, the secret ingredient today is going to be paper clips. You, it's not something that we identify as food. It's something, you know, we make furniture out of it. Little folding accordion type walls out of it. We use it to to cane people in other countries or pandabers eat it. The pandabers eat the band. And he was just pooping it out with a, he was scooping. I guess it was soft. I just, is now in, um, didn't he? Okay, okay, that's nice clean. Is that some of the stuff? No, I didn't, I didn't, not that I know. But did you see the bamboo band? That's what I was talking about. Um, he lost that. You know why it was his American hot dog platter. Especially that photographer. I just kind of agree with that American good dish. They hate that. They hate that. Morey Motto is always under the gun. If he wins, it's by sheer miracle because they hate them over there because he sucks American And you know, they want you to be all loyal. This is a matter of fact, last night I'm clicking on some of the links from theionshep.com. And I go to the Fuji TV site wondering, trying to find somebody where I can write somebody and say, Hey, you know, like, we get Chairman Taga, a call is up on the show and maybe sing a little rap force or something like they have on the site. And they have this disclaimer, but they have this little message about the subtitle. And I clicked on it, just had a curiosity. And it's this real millison attitude towards we're not going to sub that we're providing programming for the Japanese audience. The Japanese audience abroad. That's why we don't subtitle and basically screw you. Unlike, well, thanks for the attitude. Do you understand that? The Fuji television, Fuji TV that produces iron chef and other Japanese programs, makes them available in the United States. But they intentionally don't put subtitles. We won't put subtitles and refuse to let anyone else put subtitles on them because they're not for you, but they're for our Japanese people who live abroad. Do we need to get another bomb ready? I'm telling you, it's like, you know, hey, we want to like you. You know, we're just going to, how about if we just take all of that US military protection that's surrounding your island and bring it on back home? What a hostile attitude. So I don't, I mean, I could email them if I found the address, but something tells me that we're not going to get very far with them. Like with their militant jab attitude. But anyway, so they hate that over there. They hate him because he sucks up to the Americans and that's what killed him. He made bamboo shoots and noodles and he put them in a hot dog bun. And I got to say, it look gross to me and he just put ketchup on it. Did you see that? The ketchup thinks of the driving home at that point. He took a round hollowed out bamboo thing and stuff it with mozzarella and fried it. That looks good and put that in like an french fry cup. But then he took, he sliced the bamboo in like sliver fashions and then he took spaghetti and put that in with it and then put it in a hot dog bun with lettuce and put ketchup on it. Maybe they would have preferred a more traditional use for bamboo in the Japanese culture. Like jamming under your finger nail. Why did I know that's where you were going? I'm going to anti-jap bastard. Hollywood, hello. Hello, I'm George. All right. Thank you, huh? And you're expecting the problems with it? No, I'm not expecting the problems with it. I'm just seeing all these people trees being slashed by the Canker police and I love my great fruit tree. I have a beautiful great fruit tree that I love. How old is yours? Dude, I don't know. It's gigantic. It's the biggest citrus tree I've ever seen in my life and I was raised down here. I've been around. I've been around. I've been around. I've been around. I've been around. The child and the redlands in the months all of these grows with giant grapefruit trees. And I've never seen anything this big. Not only is it tall, it's really broad. You know, your head is year-guest remaining. It's about a thousand dollars worth of a free and a need for probably more. Probably more. Like I'm guessing too. You're going to feel. If they do to come and get it. I heard a couple of people giving you examples of what to look for. Yeah. I've actually had a problem and they've come and eradicated all my citrus. Last October. What you can get rid of it? No. What the look for is that they're not necessarily only on the underside of the leaf. It's amber lesions. That's what they really are. Amber lesions on the right. Either on the bark. On the leaves on both sides. And around the lesions, there is an absence of absence of chlorophyll. Okay. You'll over-yellowing. Well, I don't have that. Right. And you'll notice it on the fruit. And you were talking about earlier that if that's all it is, no big deal. Eventually you're not going to have anything growing because it's a massive leaf drop. I say. The tree. No leaf. Okay. Like I said, I don't know nothing about it. Yeah. Apparently you say you don't have a child. I'm congratulating you. I looked out. See, I didn't know what to look for. But I just looked at the tree. And like every citrus tree I've ever seen. You've got those green spots every now and then on the bark. You know, that's just that kind of fungus that grows on everything. It would have to be way along. I would thank. And they were really getting to them before that. Every citrus tree I've ever seen has got those like really pale green little spots here and there. On the tree. We have that. But that's, I know that's not it. And it's nothing like what you're describing. Right. What they did to me. They came back and last year of October. And they came to give me the axe and the arborist or the person that comes. The fancy word. They give to this person to come and inspect. They gave me a white axe. You know, that's what they were doing before that means that they're. It's due to being white and acted. Oh, yeah. And the person comes around and that's their job to see if it's going to receive a red axe and that's she's the actual person that puts it on. Oh, so first you have a guy to come out to see if you have any citrus. Right. That's the thing. This is a suspected tree of it. And then another person will come along and actually give it the death axe. Okay. That's what we are now in the middle of this spell. And the reason why it came to I thought it was kind of quite funny is they didn't really seem to me to be too much of a hurry about it because they didn't do anything about the tree for at least three weeks. You know, it just stayed there and you know in a death cell, you know, dance. Right. And spreading all its disease and that was only a five. I forgot 1200 feet back then. I thought I was sort of neighboring. I just went from 200 to 1900 just blue right. I don't know if it's like that. That's the magic number now. And where did they get one of five thousand? I mean, just said, let's. Well, the thing is I, my neighbors you had this conspiracy theory, you know, and I didn't buy into it. You know, about they know, but he's a government not wanting anybody to have fruit and are treated by it in the store. Come on. And I didn't buy into that alone. But I did buy into the fact that this my own theory is that they're trying to protect the big growth of central Florida. Right. You know, because of the orange futures and you know, just the tax. I mean, the big part of the Florida economy, no question. Right. My sister lives up there in 10 minutes north of Lank, cut this off for a year and there's just nothing but orange grows up there. Right. That's it. And that's who I think they're protecting billionaires that own that. Okay. Thank you very much. Yeah. That whole thing. Like that's why the pot laws are are in effect because the government can't tax it because they think that everybody's going to grow their own. You know, we can grow our own tomatoes. Guess what we don't. I mean, I do. You do. What kind? The big red. Right. You know, we're like, we, you know, we're a really exciting rhubarb patch too. That doesn't mean I'm going to start growing rhubarb just to make a plan for it. You grow your own eggplant. The parents do. Oh, they're like a great. I'm giving one. That's it. Do you see the eggplant battle? You can learn. No, I did not. Oh, that was not going to be exciting. But that's one I would like to see because I don't like eggplant. But they made some stuff that looked like, I could sample that. I mean, that looked really exciting. Meaty. Meaty, meaty, big and bouncy. 124, 560, QAN. Wanna score some pot? I'm still in fees for daddy's eighties. Mom's in high school. I go to the family test. Dad is going to score three. She's like you're real world on a CZ. Grandma has started in a CZ. She's like a BZ. That's really important. She's looking at me the tune of it's not me. Grandma's 30 years old. When I'm going to score, she needs to take a B. Get your dad tonight. Mommy had a similar design to me. My uncle's birthday was at the CZ. If mommy gets lucky, I'm gonna win someone home. I'm free, but I'm your fly. I have to be in the brothers. I'll see you never know. And we're my stay-boys. 135-60WQA. Can you believe Joe that my wife had the nerve to get mad when I told her that that song was all about her family? I said, hey honey, we have a bit of it. It's all about your family. She got all surly. She usually does when I hit close to home like that. But that's another topic for another day. 5-670-560, pound-560, on the AT&T wireless line, toll-free nationwide, 877-7563-45. If you guys see that, Greg Reed walked in there and gave you some things. And I don't know what we're going to do with him yet. I don't want to say what it is that we have. Or even if we're going to do anything with them, well, will I get fired? Will he fire me? No, he'd fire me. Oh, you have a three-pass. Oh, okay. Because I was going to say, nobody told me to do anything. So I may or may not. Well, if you don't, he might fire me for not passing a word. Oh, okay. I asked for the things and he just, I'm walking away. Okay. What a highly, a hello. George? Yes. Hey, how you doing? All right, sir. Tell you my story with you, Orange trees. Spare a while for the thing that thought about this, but I didn't listen to you to show him just fired up. Yeah, fired up, fired up. Okay, good. Head about three, fifth year old Orange trees in my backyard. Beautiful trees. Never bought Orange, juice Orange, in my life. Right. And they came. It's great by the way to have fruit trees in your yard. I mean, I just feel good in you when my land starts giving forth food. That's just, wow, what an investment I made. Look at this, I got food. If the world came to an end, at least, you know, my vitamin C level would be just fine. Well, I wasn't that impressed by the, well, you know, I least I had Orange. I got a survival mentality. Survivalism and so on. Well, besides that, they provided a lot of shade. Newers, nice trees. Wait, well, that's the whole thing. I wouldn't care if this was a citrus tree, an oak tree, you know, a family tree, whatever. It's just our primary shade tree in the backyard. That's cool. Well, let me finish it. Okay, well, yeah. So we had the three trees, right? Old trees, real nice trees. A lot of food, I don't know, is all year. We had orchids growing on them. These orchids were 30 year old. Okay, dude. So they come out and they spray paint the trees. They have coats, you know, they have the cancret they don't. So I went out there and I scrubbed the paint off. Uh-oh. Ah, and they came out again and then they asked questions. Well, I thought we that they had inspected them. Oh, yeah. They went out and sprayed paint them again. Mm-hmm. And then I went out and scrubbed it and then- Oh, you are in an arc at start. Yes, I am. Okay, go on. I'm a rebel. And every time they like the next couple of times they came back, I'd see them in the neighborhood. I'd get my neighbors darker in the yard and then they couldn't come in. Mm-hmm. So I put them off and put them off and put them off until finally they got in their one day and they made, I mean, they moved them down. Mm-hmm. They got one of them, they left the orchid on one of them about three or four feet high. And then to add to that, I had just bought a tangerine tree that cost me $70. Mm-hmm. I had planted it and it still had even given fruit. Right. So they go in there. They ripped this one out of the ground. They tear the trees, uh, cut the trees down. This last one that's still there with the orchids growing on it, it grew back. Oh. Ah. When you start coming out, uh, someone's going, well, they came back out. They sprayed paint them again. So I finally asked them, you know, I said, hey, you know, what's the deal? So that they have the canker and they go, no, there was a, um, uh, grapefruit tree, about four or five houses down the head canker. That's what I'm talking about, right? They came and mode my trees down. Right. And that tree that they're supposed to cut down, they still haven't cut down yet. That's the one that has the, has the canker and they haven't, how do you explain that? I, uh, okay. They were for the government. That makes no sense to me. Right. And the other guy's got a gun. So, so, so, so, and the story, I get a $100 voucher to go to I think it was, um, uh, Walmart or some, I don't know, I didn't even use it for $100. Oh, you don't even get a check? Yeah, they give you a voucher. No, no, no, no, no, check it's a voucher. And you go when you buy a tree, a tree, or a couple of trees. Right. And they don't sell our own trees, huh? They don't sell our own trees. No, not where they give you the voucher. Okay, great. So, what am I going to do? Huh? So, what am I supposed to do? Punt, rebel, get a gun. I don't know, see, I'm really emotional about this. I mean, talk about, uh, I don't, I can't even express. What's going on? I mean, I'm almost psychotic. I'm depressed about losing that tree. And last life, the guy says I can cash in on insurance wife. A gazebo would kind of look good there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The gazebo jacuzzi. I can give you back your dick. Oh, boy. You could put it in the middle. A gazebo. A gazebo with a jacuzzi in it. Right. With a disco ball. That's right. Woohoohoo. Put those gypsies across the canal to shame. In fact, they're still added. Can you believe that? The gypsy three in the morning, kids running around screaming all of the, uh, the lights in the backyard on music, blaring. And of course, it's cool enough lately. At least, uh, not last night. But the past few nights, it's been cool enough. You can leave your windows open and save some money on AC. And here, these gypsies are just parting on that long-less kids on a school night. What, what do you people doing? What do you do for a living? You crazy animals you across the canal? The, the, the, the people on the other side of them, the white trash people on the other side of them that least they're fine. They only play Led Zeppelin really loud during the day. As they sit out there and, uh, sit on the junk car that's been there since today. They moved in. That's fine. Don't worry. It won't be long till Hollywood is cleansed. We're going to do some, uh, it's not ethnic cleansing so much and Hollywood is just a, uh, a class cleansing. It's not the ethnic, your ethnicity that we're worried about. It's just what kind of a person you are. And if you can keep your music like down to a reasonable level after after what? 10 o'clock. So I said, I'm not in that down tonight. I said, I'm Friday and Saturday night. But I mean, Jim and he Christmas the every night on the week night. I mean, we're talking, we hours of the morning. They, they woke me up. I just, I just stood up and bed, stark right up there with his screeching. I thought somebody was being murdered and it was just a little kid being kids. Because kids screech. Uh, and Yel and Yel thing that each other when they're playing run around the backyard client. And that's what these people do. They have like 100,000 kids. And it's to the season. Obviously, when it gets cold, they decide to just swarm all down here to rip people off where it's warm. And I don't, I don't know that they're gypsies. I don't think they're, I don't think they're, I don't think they're mafia. Mob families don't do that kind of crap in the middle of the night with the kids running around. And they don't, they don't. And they're all, they're all, they're all, they're all, they're all, they're all, they're they're arguing constantly. Constantly yelling. I mean, some really fierceness to yelling. And I'm hoping I hear gunshots. You know, because at least that'll, that'll clean them out right now. That'll clean the place out. Because whatever it is, these people do for a living. I'm sure they don't want no attention. Maybe I should give them the Radra Sout. 24 till 21, 5, 60, WQAS. Hi, okay, welcome back. This is Kathy Lee Gisper here on the radio answering your questions and helping you with your marital problem. Let's go to the phone. Hi, Constantly. I have a question about my hunger. Your husband is a piece of shit. A piece of shit that's heating bastard. Okay, next call. Hi, Kathy. Hi, yeah, I wanted to ask you about what you said about Bill Cosby. Oh, copy. Is a piece of shit. What's child? Where? Where? What's child alert? Hey, that piece of shit. Okay, one more phone caller before we take a break here. Hello, this is Kathy Lee. Hi, yeah. I'm calling about that earlier call. Would you call this guy's mailman of peace? Is he out there? Are you married? Oh, well, yes. Are you? Are you? Are you a piece of shit? Hey, this is shit. You're cheating bastard. Okay, now we have to take a break for our sponsors. And they're up to the shit. Why won't the machine start? It's a date that's shit. No, no, no, no, no. See, you just start this off the year. 19 until 250, 60 WQAM and she must have been talking about our phone system, because you know about our phone system. It's a piece of shit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pounds 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And it's actually open right now. The toll for your nation line, 877, 785, 6345. And I think we will do that thing, Joe. You know, that thing that we were going to do with the thing? Yeah, we're going to do it eventually. My toll clock will have done the thing with the thing. Okay, okay. Here's a mobile in Boka, hello. Yeah, hey, Joe, I just wanted to give you a little insight into that canker. Okay. I started working the business with ornamentals and landscaping and things like that. The other color touched on a lot of good points. Basically, if any of your neighbors have canker discovered on their plants, you're going to lose your tree. Right. Whether you've got it or not, states can become when they're going to rip it out. They're not going to say a single thing about it. They're going to give you 100-feet dollar vouchers. A voucher. See, why can't they just give me a check? At least with the check, I can go and buy a bunch of booze and drown my sorrows. A voucher? Yeah. And the funny thing about it is they're not even sure yet, which were the vouchers are going to be redeemed. They haven't even done that. That's not what it is. What if I don't want to put a tree there? What if I want to like the guy said, you know, make a picnic table, which has crossed my mind or put a jacuzzi there or something like that and make the best of it. The best of it doesn't necessarily mean another tree. And especially what am I going to get for 100 bucks? Some sapling, some little twig? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. There's nothing you really can get. That's any good for 150 bucks. So, really, it's just going to give me a check and I'll put that towards the lumber for the jacuzzi. So, there's- You would not be too easy, Bo. That'd be too easy. They have to make your life a living hell. Are they getting kickbacks from whoever it is? It's going to be issuing the vouchers or something? Probably. Probably. Just give me a check. You know, and then I'll cry just a little bit less. All right, man. Well, good luck. Thank you. It becomes not good. I'll keep you posted. Nothing anybody really cares about my tree. They care about their own tree. Here's a wild man or something. Hey, George? Yes. What's your opinion on the fruit-canker situation? Are you serious? Yes. Have you been listening to me? Yes. What's my opinion on it? Yes. It's a terrible thing, but I don't know if it's slashing everybody's trees. That's the right way to do it or even if it's going to help. Because I'm hearing some people saying that the cancors already out of the bag, that you can slash all of the residential trees and it's not going to make a look at their friends because basically the whole state's already invested in some of the trees are going to get it in another one's won't. You know, kind of like humans, some of them get diseases, some of them don't. That kind of thing. Everybody's already been exposed. The trees have already been exposed. Right. That's what I'm hearing. See, I'm not an expert on this situation. I just like I heard about it the day before yesterday and then yesterday I'm hearing everybody losing their trees. What is the source of the cancors? You know? I don't know. Do you? I don't know. I know. I know. Here's Hollywood, I love. Hey, how are you, George? I'm doing all right. How are you? Hey, this is long third by the way. My source works today. Or my special phone I got. You're special. No, I just, I check all the old few times I call Hank and it's first time calling you. I think you're doing a pretty good job. Thank you. I'm going to start with a new address. I brought the fresh air and you let's just say I like it. We, wife and I bought a house. We had two big nasty hanging over the fence. Ugly grapefruit trees and orange trees wherever they were and we didn't like them. I had every intention of cutting down, having someone come in and pay to cut them down a little bit. I'm not the next day. I got a big red mark on my tree. No, the other out there. That's all right. We're taking care of your trees for you and I said, well, I'm not David, my lucky day. I go, they took it all down for me and they, but the bad thing is they leave the phone. I thought they were going to expose the take the whole stump out. That's what people are saying. By the way, you know, if you've got like those little bumps and everything on your trunk, that's like the other guy said, you'll start sprouting again. I want to know, my tree is going to be the stump. There's a chance it's going to sprout again from like the sun. They left the stump in the ground. But anyway, let's just jump to one of the real quick things. I'm sorry. I'm supposed to switch up here, but no problem. I said, I've listened to you many times and I've heard you talk about the club's disperringing clubs. Before I got married, I did visit one and I enjoyed myself thoroughly to say the least. Now that I'm married, my wife says, you know, she's somewhat conservative, but she might be gained gain forward. I'm trying to figure out how do I open the door for say and you know, start the conversation. We've got a kid and I hope that some of you are trying to figure out how I can break the ice and hit the ice, but you don't mind. I'll hang up the listen. Okay, hang up the link. Sure. Not at all. It's really because first of all, any of the clubs will leave been to two. There's no obligation to do anything and then there's the whole front part back part thing. You need never go to the back part. The first eight times we went, we never even looked into the back part. We didn't need to. We were having plenty of fun right there in the front part, which is a restaurant slash bar slash dance club at this year, which is a little bit more crazy, mind you than your typical club. But nevertheless, that's all you want to do is go and eat the buffet, drink your drink, dance a little bit and watch the craziness going on around you. At some point, eventually there will be some things going on. I have yet to go there where you didn't see somebody's top come off. A little bit of lesbian dancing action on the dance floor. Things like that. That's a bad thing. There's no problem. I can't imagine anybody unless you're a born again Christian, fanatical Catholic, totally dissent, dysfunctional, sexually prude who wouldn't have a good time just going and staying in the front part and drinking and dancing and eating and just having some fun. He wants to know how to convince a great deal. He says, how can you open the door? That's the first thing that you need to do is open the door. It's just go there. Well, on my favorite radio personality, George Regus is doing an appearance. And I thought it was up and I really like to get his autograph. As far as going into the room and closing the door behind you, you tell me, because I have yet to accomplish that. Almost no. No. I think that's about almost inching alone. So the problem with guys they open their mouth. That just, you know, could you keep your mouth shut? I'm sorry. Well, that's what the wife told me. You know, you guys, you know, you're doing fine. Just don't talk. That's not all. She told me that the thing that keeps her from doing what you want is the fact that you want it. Is that what she said? If you just let her go off and do her thing, I'm not, I'm not pushing or nothing like that. I mean, I'm not human. She says, you man, you man, you know, realize us women would do exactly what she is. By the way, this is nothing to do with my wife, but do you understand that when you were there on Valentine's Day and your girlfriend was looking very, very fine? Do you know that she was this close from getting nuzzled? She was bending over somebody's face. I am well aware of it. And she was just, oh, two inches from a good full on nuzzle and you weren't going to somebody was going to nuzzle right up and it wasn't me. No, the evil. The point is though, I can't talk about that up. Nuzzle, and had she been nuzzled? She would see what she read on somebody. Do it in the op. Yeah. We're going to fill. I think it's funny. A five finger hammer dropped on somebody. That would have been funny to see the nuzzle. Oh, it would have been great. Do you want to take, I'll take this one call and then we'll take the break. And by the way, I have music in case nobody wants to call. I actually have some music today. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey, George, how are you? I'm doing well. Are you going to that club tonight because I know how Goldstein's going? He's going tonight to play those? Yeah, that's what he taught me yesterday. Uh, he told me. Yeah, he's pretty. Talk to me. I don't remember him saying that. No, I don't, uh, I don't go on Friday night and I won't be going for a while. I just, I like to spread it out. That's not the key to the fresh. No pun intended. He said no, we'll no pun at all. We wonder, we wonder, we wonder, we wonder, we wonder, we wonder, we wonder, we wonder the wife and I, we wonder, once we're out, other people were supposed to show up and they all shine. And Owl was actually falling asleep. You're kidding. Falling asleep at the table and his, he was doing that, that thing where you know your head just keeps bobbing down and then when your chin hits your chest, it snaps back up. He was doing that thing for the last hour that he was there. I think he should do an appearance there. What do you think? Yeah, sure. Okay, thanks. Have a nice day. You too. Why? There's absolutely nothing going on here that, well, I don't know. I just, I wouldn't guess what's going on there would appeal to him. He's not on the Saturday night, not when there's way more women than men on Saturday night, maybe the other night, I don't know. And it's not young enough for him. 11 till 2, 560 WQAS. Wanna Lonely Pop, Little Boy? Hi, my name is Karen and I'm a concerned and sensitive woman. Recently, I've noticed something in my workplace that I think needs to be remedied. Every day, the men of my job are being treated more and more like pieces of need. Just the other day, Paul from Accounts Payable told me this story, and it's certainly greatly. You know, the water cooler the other day, you know, the handicap one. So it's real short. And when I went to Bend over to get a drink, Cindy and Julie in Meg from sales started whistling at me and told me to shake my money maker. I felt like a piece of meat. Men are more than just pieces of meat. Sure, they're too bucks. And when you picture the naked, it kind of makes you need a change of underwear. But they're more than that. Men of feelings too. So respect that. And remember, the ladies' room has a lot of stalls with blocks of the doors. And it's as good a place as any to relieve all that pent up stress. 7-12-25-60-W-Q-A-M. I guess nobody wants these two things. Let me give you more of a hint. They're two things that we're giving away. Oh, he said the words. I mean, you know what? I don't even have to say what it is. I'll have to do say free or give away in the lines of law load up. Everybody who says may I or give or I want or, and so you can't ask for exactly what it is that we're giving away because I'm not saying. But anybody who acts like that, you hang up on immediately just like I do during the meal show. If you say, hey, can I have this? So when the blank yet, exactly, they have absolutely no idea what it is, but they want it. And we're going to give it to you. You've got six more minutes. If you actually sound reasonable, if you're a thought-provoking or funny or something like that, you'll get these two things that are for this thing tonight. Here's Paul Finnell, hello. Hey, George. Yes. I'm checking in on the citrus situation. Uh-huh. I'm a local on man out here in Carl Springs. And what's going on is now, they're on what they do is they come around because they see guys cutting grass and now I have to start with my equipment when I build them. Are you serious? I'm serious. I'm serious. Look, you may not know where a valve can haul or something with you and don't you're not having to spray. It's a simple solution that's either, um, lead to water. That's what Hitler said too. It's a simple solution. Right, right. It's either bleacher water or chlorine and water. Uh-huh. And I'm a, I've got a sticker on my truck now. L-M-7993. That's my citrus tanker project number. Oh, and that. And I said, yeah, it's doomed. Okay. It's definitely doomed. All right, thank you. But do you know where the rat, you know how far south they've gone so far? I live in Margay and I back up along, uh, sea for teen. So I'm like you. I had a tree that just got tons and tons of water. You know, it was a magnificent grapefruit tree. Right. You know, the other ones like that, the orange tree, one to orange, the thing. What? What are the orange trees? Oh, that's barely taller than me. Who give the crap about the orange tree? I could throw $100. I could stick a tree in there that's about the same size. That's no big work. And what I was mentioned in to Joe, it's not 100 dollars per tree. It's 100 dollars per house. Are you serious? So, right. I'm like you. I had it. See, I was eating it. I had eight. All right, you're breaking up and you got to call answered that call. See, I was thinking about we got three. If they take them, you know, 300 bucks, that'll get us started on that jacuzzi project that we're talking about there. We get Dudley who just installed one of his house. So he's Mr. Jacuzzi. He can come over and help. He's a handyman. He'll pitch right in. And we'll get that jacuzzi galebo combo going there. You know, that'll do. That's a fair enough trade. But 100 bucks per household get out of here. Get the f*** out of here. Pump in a hello. Hey, George. Hey, how are you? A couple of things. One thing to add is that, remember, any feed within, I think it's 1500 feed or somewhat there. Like any tree? It's 1900. 1900. Yeah. So that's what I wrote in the paper anyway. So your trees might be perfect. That's what I was saying earlier. And maybe there are incredibly healthy trees that will never get citrus canker. Wow. I mean, if there is such a thing, like I said, I'm not, I'm no tree guy. Hey, I also want to thank you too, because I called you about, I don't know, about seven or six months ago. Yeah. And my daughter was almost born. It was like a month. I asked you one of them. M questions. The marijuana. Mm-hmm. And just to let you know, she's healthy. I'm not saying this to go out and, you know, some people go do it, but she's healthy and she's doing wonderful. And I appreciate it. And can I participate? No. And by the way, you know, I'm not going to tell people that anymore. I used to be really militant about people. We don't have people in this building who are smoking while the pregnant, who shall remain nameless. And I used to be all hostile militant about that. No more. Now that my child is going to be competing with their children in the job market and for opportunities. Just smoke, please smoke, drink, shoot, heroin, do coat, everything while you're pregnant. All you people because you know what? Smart people are never going to do that no matter what. And the chicken people are going to do it. That's what that's what that's all you have to hear. But just go out there. Poison your body while you're pregnant. Please to give my daughter all of the advantages of life. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Hey, George, what's going on? Hey, how are you, where are you? I'm a mom and palm beach. He gave me the inspiration. I've never been a plight. I was before but my girlfriend and I, we go to, we go to the other one. Right now, we're off the commercial. Treppe. Happy? Yeah. I was a sheriff who wanted me to mention a name. No problem. I don't want to trap you. By the way, I don't know what your story was. I want to hurry up and get through some other calls. Wasn't able to judge the thing because of the wife's pulmonary infection illness thing. And she was all touched that, you know, I didn't go without her. And everything like that. Nothing that's going to make any difference. She's still going to bitch in these. Much as she always does. But she was very touched that I stayed home and took care of her instead of judging this context. You would have gone. You would have just gone. What have gone? Did gone. Oh, you did go. You did not. You were the contest? I don't know. Last minute. And you didn't tell me about it? We're going to have a talk after the sheriff's going to be. We're talking about it after the sheriff's lady and boy. Hey, how are you? I'm doing well. How are you? Good. Just 100. What? Real deep locations and deep places and play them and then they're having. Oh, they all have websites. The mostly and four. Lauderdale play those is in four. Lauderdale. 321 West sunrise. For example. The most of the most of the players have been commercial. A little bit for the West. I don't know the exact address. I mean, I'll try to use this. But they're mostly in Broward. Okay. All the ones that I know. Anyway, click. And all right. Who's going to win, Joe? Take a number. I guess we'll take the mobile. Hello, mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Georgie. How are you? How's it going, buddy?