Those of the busy broadcasts for its staff, advertising agencies. Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 QAM. If Friday you first will have in a collection of visuals, let you, because you, here is your guy to understand how to guess your vote in our beach county, Florida. Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started, shall we? Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Normalsteak, who are you voting for? I'll leave it. Joy-Cee. Now, leave the butterfly baller, starting with Bushchady and the left column. You can and Chick-O-Grower, think the left, hype, and and girls in the right. Where's our leave of over there? There's gargling sky, yes. It's just a guy who makes my baby food. No. Now, simply, punch a hole in the 1959, you'll have that key punch card. Okay. Wait, wait. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. Oh, there. There. No. Okay, I'll punch a kick. Did you? No. That is valid, they cheer a vote. All right. Yeah. Punch a kick. And then. I'll punch you. I'm a little off of quick-mature. Why you cheat. Oh. I'm sorry. I'm not a wringle. He'd. Remember, comrades, if you was a live-in-bloida, exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother. Well, you know, that's what James Baker said. That F.O.s old heads, because they don't vote for us anyway. That's where he told Papa Bush back in 1992, 91, what have we been going to have a once? Anyway, 327 votes. That's the difference right now. They've all been counted again, we counted. But you know what? The recounting isn't done. And of course, you don't have those overseas. I got a real exclusive here today. I just started a rumor that there's like 7 million old Jews and Israel who's over these ballots have been coming yet. That's what I'm hearing. I don't want to get any of Bush's lawyers out there in service. I'm hearing there's 22 million old Jews in Israel. And those abs and the ballots are going to be quick and in here in these next few days. Always love those Israelis. Yeah. See, there you go, totally. Palestine's going to help. First of all, I want to just apologize for the unbelievable on a misinformation that we get from assholes out there. See, one thing I should've learned a long time ago, that no matter what you hear on the other end of this phone, what year I listened to the phone a lot of times, you know, I'm screwed up. But what year on the other end of the phone? This guy 99% would be very dubious about the rest of it. Like they got to call the couple of agents who were going to say, oh yeah, they can tell a lot of who voted who your ballot is. Guess what to? A non-of-is-ballice. In fact, there's a big article about that today, along with the other 10,000 big articles. It says, though, each ballot has got a number of printed on the top. That number has never attached to the voter's name. And before the ballot has cast and slipped into the box, the top of the identifying number is torn off and separated from the ballot. Sickler ballots became common in the West as all the way back in 1899. So this clown became a big son and then a couple of days ago. And they always do it very authoritatively like I really know what they're talking about. Like that Jack asked that call with a 30,000 overseas ballot. It turns out there's like two or three thousand. But this guy had 30,000 and he's probably making a few of them off right now. Now the most significant thing that happened is that the judge in Palm Beach issued the injunction, blocking Palm Beach County from certifying we count results until a hearing on Tuesday circuit judge Kathleen Corville, the side of whether the county's ballot was so confusing that it deprived voters of a choice. So Tuesday is the earliest we're really going to find out anything. In addition to which a course they've got your nice Friday to 17th, for those overseas ballots, the absentee ballots to be counted. I thought it was, I thought it was ironic that I'm the news last night. Oh, get this new cannon off of it. Here we go again on CNN. Yesterday morning, he stuck an upward kitty, like all our go. Or should have most of those votes. They were voting for him. Then yesterday, I guess they straightened him out on Fox on the Nazi news network, because about six o'clock on Fox, they ripped him and asked from one side up the other. And by the time he got out with Larry last night, yeah. By the time he got out with the assucker last night, all of a sudden he was like, oh, one, you know those people voted for me and maybe some of them were really wanted to go. But they're my votes. They're my votes and you're not getting them. Somebody really got to old pad. I'll tell you that. But to make a long story short, by the 17th, we've got the overseas ballots coming in and we'll have a count on that. But that is relatively insignificant, because you've got first of all, up in a year, what's going to happen in Palm Beach, which I'll get to. And secondly, you've got the manual recount. See, the Republican Party and all their hitchhemen, as partisan as I am, they're all embarrassing me because they're all in a feeding frenzy, but the Republican did just play an outline. These are the people that are going to restore dignity and morality back. They're flat out line. They're doing two things. They're lying and they're threatening. First of all, this color, the road gets on there and comes up with this crap about, well, you know, for William Daley to be talking about the butterfly ballot, that's a hot one because in Chicago and his own city, they used the butterfly ballot. Well, guess what? They used the butterfly ballot, but they don't have the same race on different pages. In other words, if the mayor's race on the left hand page, all the candidates from mayor on the left hand page, if it's a dog catcher under the facing right hand page, the candidates for dog catcher are on that page. They're opposite. And there's a space. They showed what they about the other days in Chicago. And if they're no way related to this crazy thing that was in Palm Beach, just another freaking line. See, the whole concept of what really amounts to a bloodless coup, a bloodless attempt to take over the government by the Bush people and the Republican, the right wingers, the whole concept is that we got our, you know, to talk away into it. If we just hurry it on up, we can't understand, what the hurry is, what's the rush? The electors have to December 18th this had down in cast their votes from the various states. Today's only the 10th of November. So what's the big rush? And the big rush is just like I told yesterday, when there's a mistake and it comes out in your favorite. Well, that's hurry up and certify it until I find out what the real vote is. But I'm going to tell you right now, what I know of this is sure is I'm sitting in the chair. That George W. and all of his colonies know that Algor one of the selection. There is no question in my mind about that. In fact, even one of their highest attorneys, they wouldn't give his name on the area today. He wanted to be anonymous and I can understand why. But one of their insider attorneys from the Republican Party said, if there's a re- vote in Palm Beach County, we know that Algor will be the next president. So that's an admission that they know that there are thousands and thousands of votes there that the group got screwed out of. Now, there's a miracle one who I'd elect the next president based on confusion. Based on what is definitely in a legal ballot. Is that the way we want to do it? No, I don't think so. But don't try to distinguish people. They wanted by hooker by crook. Not fair and square, but by hooker by crook. They stole it. And so anybody that gives a song to dance about, well, I know the group of people with sour grapes, and that there attorneys and all these lawsuits, first of all, the lawsuits are coming from individuals who were deprived of the right to vote. So far, that's where the lawsuits are coming. And then we also have the question, see, then this whole way, I think one lesson that really were really to get we should learn a long time ago, this is no way to run a railroad. This is no way to hold an election with paper ballots, with votes being counted or discarded or just ignored based on the chads on the back of paper ballots. Or wasn't pushed to the back. Stoort and Jeremy Clyde never had this much prominence as the chads on the back of your paper ballots. Meaning those little chads on the back, if you punch the ballot and you don't punch it all the way through. And when they stack up all those cards, all the ballots, and they put a back of the computer for the recount, or just the count of the first time, the chads on many of them will close up again if they're not punched all the way through. And therefore they don't get counted at all. Now, if you think we're talking about a handful of votes, then they give you an example. This called under votes, spread on the front page in the hill, under votes. Including both the ballots in which the hanging chads prevented the machine count and ballots with the voter deliberately chose not to punch a whole, for particular ways. Now, how many do we have in those just in the district in this area? Under votes, 6,686 in Broward, 10,750 in Miami Dates, and 10,000 in Palm Beach. Under votes. And I'm not saying that all those are chads, but let's say maybe 2,000 of them are. And right now we're looking at a difference between the 27 votes. So if there's anybody in the right mind who thinks that Al Gore should concede at this point, or that George Bush is just going to be allowed to steal a election and get his entitlement, and we coordinate King George, and going to happen. Isn't going to happen? It seemed to me that any fair-minded person would say as long as we're voting for something is important this person, let's get it right. What do you agree with that? Yeah. Let's get it right. There's no big rush. Except in the stock market, of course, where the NASX, on 101, say this is a tip of this is the key. They should tell you everything you need to know. That was down 115, it's only a little less than 10 o'clock. And I'll read you the market to the crapper. They were talking before this morning on CNN about when they were watching the futures on election night. The futures market. When Gore went ahead and forwarded when they were the third, the winner and fourth, at 7.50, the futures took a dive. They went in the toilet. And then later when they took that back, they went soaring. And then when they announced that Bush had won, it's they went through the roof. And then guess what? Then when they said, well, we made a premature evaluation. Then they went back at a crapper again, like they had the last two days. Because big business wants Bush. 10% of the 5.60 WCW. No portion of the program may be due to this, but that would be successful. It's a commission. Don't you see a lot of people got some fruit incorporated. Only in the banana republics, baby. Only in Miami. Okay, 10.14 to 5.60 WCW. And Al Gore is up 4,000 votes in Oregon with 99% of the prescience counted. So it looks later that we're saying this yesterday too. And here it is. Talk about a way to run a railroad in a way to conduct a election. Here it is Friday. Two days after the election, and now we're just finding out about Oregon. And also the treks. This is what I really love about the fair-minded Republican, the treks that are coming down. Well, you know, if you really push this in the presility, even though of course we all know you really want Florida. But if you push it in pursuit, we got Iowa waiting in the wings. We got Wisconsin waiting in the wings. And we even have a new Mexico waiting in the wings. But now that looks like Gore is going to win Oregon almost certainly, that we'll give him with Florida Oregon. That's a 25 and 7 is 32 is 292 electoral votes. 292 in need to 70. So that means he could afford to lose 22 votes and still win. Which could be like Iowa and Wisconsin is 18 or in any combination of any two of those three if they wanted to force the issue. And then of course they also have waiting in the wings. They're million absentee ballots in California. Uh, I'm out. Uh, which up to yesterday, I never heard anything about that. So this is the thing with its absentee ballot business. Very mysterious. And I'll say it again, this business, well, we had 350,000 absentee ballots in Florida. Then all of a sudden like midday on election day. But you know something you could be half a million and a nine o'clock at night. Well, guess what? And maybe closer to a million. How can the supervisor of elections? Not know how many absentee ballots have been given out. And in a state where we're now saying there's a margin of 329 votes out of six million cost votes cash. And we don't know how many absentee ballots were given out. Yes, the kind of an attack could help. This guy must be on doing bad drugs. The Democrat post the reject that they've been periding on on Fox, I guess. Remus and BC. A couple of the election days talking about why did I throw it in recent years. The election's down there really clean. This is much a car or something. I heard that. I'll end up with a whip in an ass on all the numbers yesterday and rightfully so. And they were all saying can you name any state where there's more corruption between Tilea and Miami? We've had more goddamn bogus elections. And of course this state is not only famous for fixed elections. This state is famous for hanky panky elections. If you're four, you vote no. If you're against it, you vote yes. Election time is not a time to get something done. It's time to play games. Just like a mere pinga panky you got elected. Oh yeah, we're not going to want support Mickey Erosim that would have to arena. And that was the main issue that he got elected on. And then we're going to spend taxpayer money to build an arena for Mickey Erosim a billionaire. Then all of a sudden five minutes after he got elected in the votes were certified. Oh, I guess what we made and he made us an offer we couldn't refuse. What a joke. That is. Could that about Joe Corroyos in the horse? Oh, it's not too bad. He finally winds up for local Joe. Yeah, what? The laughing stock of the world again. Did you see that? They were talking about that a great length. Florida is the laughing stock of the world again because we can't do anything right. They got all these dilapidated role machines from before Jesus was a baby. We got these crazy people. I mean, it's not just a brought up during Palm Beach and such as Turr. Whoever the people were in tele-hats. You said, oh yeah, that fellow looks logical to me. In addition to which last night when we were having one of the rallies in Palm Beach, they pointed out a very good thing. And that is when you take the sample ballot, which first of all doesn't have any holes in it. So we just hold it up and you look at it straight on straight ahead with the arrows. It looks very simple. But that's not what the ballot looks like because first of all, not only are the whole balls screwed up and it's really really because the girl who was should be second. You got the bush hole, the goal hole, and the asshole. He's an asshole. He can't. And the girl hole has got to be second. That's part of the law. In addition to which let me read once again, the instructions that were handed to everyone who voted in Palm Beach County to vote used the punching instrument attached by a chain to the automatic, punched straight down to the heart of the right of the arrow by the candidate or issue of your choice. Is that right? Wrong. Absolutely wrong. Now one of the greatest discraces of all, in addition to that, make you cry. All the story is reading about the thousands of people who were turned away in Broward for example and the thousands of black people who were turned away and the thousands of people who thought that they had registered and were turned away. And this is the way we're going to welcome President. I'll say it again. So the day they stick my action to ground, nobody will ever convince me that girl wasn't in this state. This is talk about Hanky, Panky, and a fixed election. This is it. I don't care what side you are on. The Buchanan votes and how come it's taken a month or today to finally start taking a look at this? Wouldn't that be the first thing you would look at as soon as you saw that, but just... And this spin that they're trying to put on this about, well, you know, he got all those thousands of votes back in 96 in the primary, the Republican primary. So is the Republican back then, you idiot. He wasn't there and independent. They never candidates. In addition to which everything is relevant, if you have to take a look at how many votes he got and all the other counties, including those far more conservative than Pong Beach, which is pretty valuable county. But they're everything they got a spin for. They're spinning it, spinning it, trying to convince the public. Hope against hope that the public's going to buy the legitimacy of that crap. If there's anybody who believes those Buchanan votes, here is a story. Like I said, it's enough to make you want to cry. Two-ops, Florida, before part of candidate Pat Buchanan's fetched one vote for every 167 votes cash for a round floor. But if the VFW post-paralling station in Riviera Beach, Buchanan received 13 out of 700-9 votes, one for every 50 cash for a gore. But do the Davis, a county school board employee who votes at the post finds that Audit, Buchanan votes at a predominantly African American neighborhood would exceed the state average, or that Buchanan will receive any votes at all there. Buchanan is opposed virtually every civil rights law of the last generation. But do not believe 13 of my neighbors knowingly voted for Buchanan said Davis 45. I'm very, very angry and upset about this. But the Buchanan votes in predominantly Black River, or beef, will not be only surprises, and an astonishing election day in Palm Beach, county. According to a hero of analysis of Palm Beach County election returns, Buchanan did surprisingly well in predominantly Jewish precinct in West Palm Beach, North of Rathorn, and Delray Beach, as well as neighboring neighborhoods in Tahokian, Belgrade were residents are mostly poor in minority. And Palm Beach County is a whole only 337 voters registered as members of the former party. Still, the conservative commissioner and columnists gathered about 3,400 votes in the county. A following that 337, so this is contrary to the spin that they're trying, because what they do is taking all the independent votes, all the non-democratic republicans, which includes the native votes and all the hairy brown, a whole bunch of other crap. 337 voters registered as members of the former party in Palm Beach. And we're supposed to believe he got 3400 votes. Call Rome, T. Stratis from the protects his governor, Bush said, because they that there were nearly 17,000 voters in Palm Beach County who registered as a member of the independent party to be formed party, the American Reform Party, which were the labels born this year by the before-meffort in Florida. He credited to be cannon-showing on the before-meffort in the name of the former party. And he referred to registered supporters. However, Florida Reform Party officials immediately disputed, wrote the assessment of their party's strength saying that Florida combines all major, all minor parties, including those who said they're independent as the independent party. All the little parties, like I said. If Palm Beach County is a big cannon-stronghold and so is my synagogue, so they've a government former chairman of the State Reform Party, wrote numbers are totally bogus. So you see, even if you're cannon himself before they finally got an anyone who did get to me, it meant that a lot of those votes were for Gore, although he didn't want to give him back. And the people from the Reform Party itself are saying, we need to get those votes. You've got to be crazy. You've got to be out of your mind to believe that. It's totally inconceivable that populations would hide Jewish and black and stitch when voted through the cannon-edit-doctor Josh Smith 59, a political activist in repartiging your high school principal from Del Ray Beach. Pursions of Del Ray heavily populated by African Americans in Jews will be cannon-stronghold in two days of election. In February of Beach, a working class predominantly black community north of West Palm Beach who can gain 38 votes in three precincts at one of the three precincts, if you can't do one vote for every 50 cash for Gore. The greater Bethel, Bethel, what is it? Commitive Baptist Church, what kind of name is that? Pulling place in Riviera Beach, we can't receive 17 out of 1252 votes, one vote for every 71 cash for Gore. Why would dogs, the Secretary of the Church, who votes in the primarily African American precinct, is still scratching her forehead over the results? I'm very surprised, he said yesterday, I don't know what could have happened. And now come as a caper. Hit comes really good stuff, boys and girls, track yourselves in real tight. Let's get those boots going. In three precincts, that's a price, essentially, religion, fecha, a condo community heavily populated by the elderly, especially Jews, you can't do 58 votes. That means that for all three precincts, before party candidate gained over one vote where the 50 or 60 cash for Gore, in century village. Kurt Wiesvoltz, in precincts, 50th century village in West Palm Beach, in service as president of the United Civic Organization, a community group in the complex. Wiesvoltz is community is between 65 and 70% Jewish with the population entirely over the age of 55. My parents were killed by the Nazis and almost every other member of my family said, Wiesvoltz 77 will play from Vienna in 1939. They all perish. Yet Wiesvoltz is he fears he voted for Buchanan by mistake along with perhaps scores of his neighbors. I hope I didn't, I prayed, but I'm not sure he said we wouldn't vote for that man for anything, even Alzheimer's victims wouldn't vote for Caput Cannon. Junez J. Slavin, a community activist from precinct, 171 A and Del Rey Beach, spent the past few days building phone calls from the stressed neighbors who feared they accidentally voted for Buchanan. The composition of 171 A is senior, mostly Jewish people who are pretty well off, she said, the Democrats from ages ago from up north and they never would have voted for Buchanan. According to returns from Palm Beach County, 28 people from precinct, 171 A voted for Buchanan. Those Buchanan votes represented 1.4% of 171 A's votes, countywide Buchanan got 0.79% of the vote. I've had so many phone calls, I had to leave the house, I've been said, people were crying and asking me, what are you going to do? We have to do something, it's not right that all those people went to the pool, some of cane, some of the walkers and couldn't vote for the person they wanted to be president. This is in the case of, wow, they're so old, they're stupid, they're there, it's a case of the ballot was illegal, confusing and more important from a legal standpoint, ill-freaking legal, get with it, understand it. Because nobody in this country is going to hand over the keys to the king that's too a bunch of people who want to see early Russians based on a bogus election in the state of Florida. Based on the skull dugger we in a state where the governor happened just happens by coincidence to be the younger brother of the very confident candidate who was sitting there training or supposedly losing the state, but we have no fear because we got all the all the ages in the hole. In the hole. I guess that there was the bush hole, the girl hole, and then there was the cannon. He didn't answer. He answered. 206 after 10 at 5. 60 WQA MP. Florida Panther hockey star Bob Elderly talks about the old country. I was five years old and trained for Red Army team. But it's time I miss gold against all of the Red Sputniks. Coach Maddenaut put me in small pipes that watered, dripping on my head for 12 hours. Next time I miss gold, KGP rate my model. But it's time I score gold, but again sidegivings sad men and fearless leader gave my family peace of me. Watch the Panthers lose again. This Friday night against this Panthers score EQUA. This is a battle. It all took it back third at me. Okay, 1031 at 5.60 WQA. In the New York Times announced that if Florida elections are invalid, it will grow when the presidency because only a majority of the 535 certified electors 250, 7 electors will be required. He's already got 260. Iowa, again I've seen his two-closed call, but guess what, so is the handker. You know something I'm all for it, if they want every council at all at the closed state, they should. Nobody should win the election based on phony results. And I'm going to say it again in the Asia computers, how embarrassing it is that we live in the country where we still do things like in the Stone Age. Paper ballots in bags, boxes, cartons, people running around for getting to deliver them, driving around in the wilderness to try to find out where they're supposed to take them. Action, heat, paper ballots, god only knows how many of them. Nobody seems to have the answer to that. Unbelievable. Gotta get over this. We have to get into the computer range. Not the internet, I'm not ready for that. They talk about that the other day. We got too many hackers out there. There are too much here. It's like an invitation to fix the goddamn election. It just like the paper ballots are. That's what they really ought to do. We have to do way before the election is put on the front page of every newspaper in America. And a great invitation for you to help us fix the election. With Hanky Panky with his paper ballots. And the thing with the chads on the back of the goddamn card, what are we talking about? This is like something out of the dark ages. They have to keep running these things true and running them true and take all these hours and days. I think back in the year, the founding fathers, they could have probably done it faster than this. But they got the impony express. Now people from Palm Beach County want to have there's a form on democrats.com. On the internet, speaking of that, www.internet, what am I saying? .democrats.com, www.democrats.com. And there's a form. A protest form, protest of election returns to the canvassing board and you have to fill a new name and preaching. If you don't know your preaching number, that's a little determinant from your street address. It says under count of age, a poetry elsewhere or a form I've read before going and believe the facts to be true. Yadi Adiyati and that I'm a step-by-step believe I'm mistakenly cast member vote for Papi Cannon instead of Al Gore. So you can find this form right there on the internet www.democrats.com. You can print a page full of the blanks and facts it to, 413, 460, 3396. So if you live in Palm Beach and have any questions about this, you can call 561-803-3530. We should put this on our website. To put it on your widers.com. Speaking of that, I'll pour the extra day. Should Palm Beach County be given another election? We had 1484 votes. 1128 said, yeah! That's 76 percent. 256 said, oh, 24 percent. So over 3 quarters of the people in this audience, anyway, said it Palm Beach oughta be given a chance to revote. Absolutely. And of course, the big thing going around, thanks for sending these, but we got about 500 of them. The official Florida presidential ballot, the new cartoon that's coming out, followed the era of PunchyPovery.com. The top line is got Bushwood, the straight era to a big dot. And then it's got Buchanan, Gore, and Nader. And a whole bunch of squiggly lines. And then they finally come out. Like you got the crossword puzzle next to a dot. This is a way to want a goddamn election call. No. Like I said, if I want the recounting there, great. Let's find out who really wants, which content, let's see who really wants, new Hampshire, New Mexico, whatever hell it is. I don't know why the Bush people just don't admit, well, we know that we really lost Florida. We just don't want that to happen, but we know where we really lost it. Here's Coral Gamble. So, I'll say New York. I'm sure you will be going to see the Republican and Kennedy for the election. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I hate to back the news here as I answer the Goal Tooth community. I hate to back the news here, my anti-Semitic friends. But they were talking about that last night. The reason that Nixon didn't protest the vote with all the fixed votes in Chicago was because they had already fixed the votes down state in Springfield and down state alone. They're already sending their, but they're daily in those days with smarter than the Republicans, because they made them turn in their vote polls first. And then they said, OK, this is how many we need in Chicago. This is how many dead people we need to vote and guess what they got it. That has a lot to do with what's happening right now. So, but don't confuse these people for the fact these anti-Semitic, the Goal Tooth crowd. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. New York, how are you? Okay. You know, if you just call either campaigning, you know, Bush was the one for the people, whatever the people will as well. Yeah. You lost the popular vote. And you're going to lose the photo vote. So, why don't you step down and as far as taking this thing, it's hard if you go, I'm with you 100%. Even watch it, they be able to steal the election. Exactly. I mean, again, it's this entitlement thing. Like, oh, well, you know, we're entitles for what? And the pop abortion, Cheney, all this crowd, the CIA crowd, the blue roses. They want him in there and the big business people they want him in there. Why did you just give up all the nice tribe? But we got it. We all ignored the visit with on last night, even embarrassment. Yeah. I don't know if you saw him on it, but he was threatening. He was like intimidating the guy from the court camp, like intimidating. Like, who do you think you are? He's literally north. And he was like, God. I don't know who he has a convicted felon. Yeah, I convicted felon. And I just like I said, the guy was like, didn't scare. Like, move it over like he was going to hit him because he's kind of an imposing figure. It was just embarrassing. Like, this whole thing is the Travis Dean Justice. Okay, hang in there, Dr. Thanks. Here's our full question for today. It's two to weekend. Now that the report of recount is finished, should Al Gore concede defeat? Yes or no? Now that the report recount is finished, should Al Gore concede defeat? Yes or no? Probably two before 11 at 5. 6. 12. I mean, on your grilled tooth cloud, I wonder if he was upset in 1960. That's a brilliant observation. And it goes to show once again the kind of law I'ms that we're dealing with out there. I mean, idiots. And I will say this in all fairness. One of the, what the hell did they call it? They had another one tonight. I'm seeing it. Those, uh, tell me now town meetings. Yeah. So again, I'm confused with those with a potluck suffers. One of those town hall meetings they had yesterday and they, for eight within Palm Beach. And there were a couple of people who said they were bush people they voted for Bush. But they admitted that the ballot was, uh, deceptive. And another thing I started to mention before, not only with a whores, not in the proper place, but when you put the ballot into that machine, when you slide it down in there, it's not even about looking straight at it. You're looking at it on an angle. And one of the protests is up there in Palm Beach pointed that out very well as that you're looking at an angle. And so the alignment is an exact. Not to mention, I'll say it again. The ballot was illegal. 21, 21 of an QAN. The real Roger show, you'll support 3D, you'll find 60. You have to be personalized, put in Florida. This is the story of the girl who drugged hands in the room the whole world. And while her butt was fine, it looked like mine because it was kind of hairy and that's grown. How many hairs on her rear? Took me more than a minute of tears, and I'm gonna be so sincere. It's looks like a sheet that's had been shared. She had an F-2 vodka, so we got round on the round and she's leaving a way through it's clear. Or at least she has to be the hair in the wheat. Or why did I have to see that they were here on her back with only my way. They're on the spot of a problem, and they don't care. This is the story of the girl who took the dance in the whole world. And while her butt was fine, it looked like mine because it was kind of hairy and that's the way. And that's where we were. And that's where we were. 10.4.5.6 is what I see during the break. I'm walking to take their showing the rerun of a car in the hewz this morning. The bush can't pay in spokesman. And they're doing the same thing they did to her. They're trying to talk themselves into it. And after the rekinders totally done, they have got to accept that this is the little of the public and the election is over. And you're not going to be able to do this. The message saying the election is not over. And it's not over till eight all of us have been counted. Be recounted. And that's just here, but if there's a problem in Iowa, let's recap those. If there's a problem in Wisconsin, New Mexico, Arizona, New Hampshire, get it right. We're not talking about a guy being a gamer cards here. We're talking about a presidential election. Let's get it right. Before somebody grabs the keys to the kingdom, which is exactly what they're trying to do. And you can see by their enormous face and getting it over, they say, no, they lost. They lost the popular vote and they lost the electoral vote. So let's get it over now. Okay, I'm going to more of a count you want. As many of this takes to get it right. Now, to get to desired result, but to get it right. To find out whose vote was for whom and make sure it counts. That's all. A reasonable request. Here's the leading plantation, hello. Good morning, Mia. Yes, ma'am. I too voted for our goal for president of the United States and what you've been reading since 10 o'clock makes. So, I mean, it really hits the nail on the head because it's the right people went to prom the especially the century village and asked these people door to door. They didn't vote for the cannon by the state instead of Gore. They voted for the cannon by the state instead of reburning. Yeah. And this is what they have to realize. These people wanted freedom and in there. And I think everybody should want. But it's time we had a minority by president in there anyway. So, I mean, this is the goal. Get the advantage of those votes or only leader when you have to separate them. Well, when I'm saying, I'm saying that they didn't, I mean, day one is weberman is much as Gore or Gore is much as weberman. And I did think it's the shame that Bush might go to the White House because of this mistake. I really do. I just think it's the shame. Well, we got a lot of ready to go to game over. It's just too. Okay, hang on. The Boko return law firm of Horowitz says money act and Bowser filed a class action complaint and public circuit court case number so on against Tom Beach County supervisor of elections. Plainless content they lost the right to vote due to improper ballots and seek to represent registered voters in the Palm Beach County election. The container includes an order allowing a revolt for Palm Beach County with respect to the presidential vote only. The next that you vote they have been invalidated call attorney Mark Cohen and here's the number five six one nine eight nine ninety six sixty nine. In conjunction with this class action suit in Palm Beach County anybody in Palm Beach who thinks that you hope may have been invalidated call attorney Mark Cohen at five six one nine eight nine ninety six sixty nine. I'm voting by the way over here on our poll. I just voted on our poll new laundry back time. And our poll questions answered the wicked not that the four to be kind of finished it out for concede defeat yes or no. Here's a call in Delway Beach along. All there. Yes sir. The next night's meeting at the monaco. King's point. Mary Lou Becker. Secretary of. Mr. Harrison. Commissioner of elections. Sorry people. That judge Lucy Brown. Has put. All coming until one day. Monday and two of the side. That's time. Whether the board will be certified or not. Yeah. That's all. Yes. Do you want to stand me? Yes. Right. Okay. Thank you for. Okay. He's like his own. Get hearing it. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th to analyze and why was lying. Then we only have that on. Okay. But he's very I worked up about it. Probably a three and let me say it again. The Palm Beach County as a whole has got only three hundred thirty seven voters registered as members of the reform party and we're supposed to leave the path you can. You got thirty four hundred votes. Is there anybody who believes that? Oh, there's a pack you can't believe it. Oh, there's a big form party members believe. Oh. And we're supposed to believe that we're going to coordinate the next person based on a bogus victory by 227 votes out of six million cash in this state. With all of these irregularities. You know something. Here's the tip off. Here's what I'll tell you. They started out with 1784 vote difference. And if you want to know why the supervisor of elections in Calahanski whatever her name is. That bitch. One moment please. What was that? We saw her yesterday to want to hit on TV. Harris. What's that? What's her name? One moment please. Okay. Catherine Harris. And she insisted on keeping up that 1784 vote total during the course of her. And you wanted to know why because she's a partisan. She's a rabid or a bush Republican. Yeah. So the kept that number up there. Even though all the networks at that time thanks to their associated press. There were shown 215 to 29 as it was changing county by county as to be voted. The Greek count was going on. 1784 she kept having up on there. Oh well with running out 53. Guess what's the lead heart. You follow a crack. Not that there's any partisanship involved here. Not that the fact that the governor of this state is the brother of the candidate. Well, allegedly one. Well, allegedly stole the election. 58 votes for Pat Buchanan and sentry village. Oh. Yeah. Blacks, old Jews and other minorities voting crew be cannon. Does anybody in the role believe that? No. There's Joseph Gerval's believe that. No. Heinrich Kimmer. Oh, Hermon Gary. No. Who'd have passed? No. Over to the head station. No. They don't believe it. And you legal ballot. That this in franchises at least 3000 I would say. And maybe more of those 3400 people unacceptable. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Did you watch our lurking rarer last night? Yeah, I'm still showing up from it. Yeah. Did you see Lincoln, they are back. Yeah. No, I as soon as he came on, I turned to another channel. I will not watch him. He's a certified ruler. He belongs at a rubber room. He was in the newspaper trying to put his pen on the hall. He wanted to talk about it. And that should not give the re-boat is, uh, should be a non issue in the ball of this net. And, and I think it was sender, Ben Baker, one of the other guys that were on their, uh, had a comment that, that, if, that the election was not taking place in Cuba. It was taking place because it's, and as soon as these, as soon as he said that, he got to shower left on the place. Yeah. Like somebody was shooting a quorum camera of the net. They were taking. Yeah. He didn't know what to say. He was right. And then he came back on the edge. like well and any United States of America then Larry can't just cut him off right. Good, nice going Larry. It's about time. I'm just a clothing deal. He's clothing? Yes sir. I don't have a box box. Can you play that? Okay. Thank you. You bet. Now what was yesterday? We were taking our excuse. Yeah. Lincoln Day as ball art. Don't confuse them of the facts. Him and Indiana Gross Lightning. Oh and speaking of that here, notice who are one of the attorneys in the prom beach for the Democrats. Kendall Coffee right. Who was one of the eight hundred and sixty five alien attorneys. But now all of a sudden he's seen the light. And it's a good practicing. I mean attorney. You know he's there. One thing about you lawyers out there man. You don't care where the boy with shy to money is coming in from. Just grab it. Just grab it. And they say that prostitution is illegal in this country. Yeah right. Sure. Here's. Hello. Hey. You know how to go on. Okay. Hey. I got a couple things for your first. So let me just say I'm independent. I have no pay affiliations. So everything is being said or coming out of both. Campaign. I'm taking with the grant a fall. Right. And it seems that the two biggest issues that come out of the. The Palm Beach situation were the set up of the ballot. It was legal. And I get how many votes were invalidated. So I just feel little independent, you know, searching on my own and looking at the statutes and whatnot. I don't know what you're referring to as far as the ballot being illegal. That based on. Based on the way the candidate were listed or. Yes. It's based on the way that they were listed. It's based on the way that the holes in the order of the horrors. And it's also based on the invalid instructions. Okay. Okay. I mean as far as I could see, I guess the instructions that have to do with. Paper ballot versus machine ballot and that's why I thought maybe some of the. Compute. No, I'm talking about the instructions that were given to each and every voter in Palm Beach County, which I have here in front of me in the middle of these 8,000 facts. It's somewhere. I see that was as much of the right. I got the right way down to the hole for the right of the arrow by the candidate or issue of your choice. It's absolutely nothing at all about touching to the left or candidates be listed to the right of the. And I'll say it again, the butterfly ballot that is in Chicago and anywhere else. Don't have candidates from the same race on different pages, but they are punched to the left. They're just not from the same right. That's right. Okay. And I'm sure the instructions probably say punch the hole for the next 90. Right. Okay. I guess the second thing was the number of invalid ballots and one thing that I didn't hear reported too much. I found a couple of places was the fact that in 96 there were something like 15,000. And Palm Beach, I had to be through an Occaser double punch. There's 19,000 this time around with a higher turnout. But how much, you know, is that really an anomaly because of the ballot or is it just a voting pattern? I don't know, but it's your worth looking at. Isn't it when you're talking about election decided by 300 votes? Oh, absolutely. No doubt about it. I have absolutely no problem with, you know, people come to recap. We have to wait till next week for the absentee to come in. What's the hurry? The electors don't wait till December 18. I don't understand what the hurry is. Yeah, people do like to know, and of course, all those great robbers on Wall Street did just die for the results of day one. But in the meantime, it would seem to me this is important enough that we ought to get it right. I agree. Let's get it right. But then we'll get it right. Let's get it right. I think the folks who are claiming for revotes, they'll probably are not going to get it. If they, you know, if they punch the twice, they punch the twice. And, you know, I guess they have to get it right. But however, the thing that's been admitted, forget about the 19,000, but the 3400 can and votes have changed to me very clearly that you can see by the precincts that it, and it had, there is plenty of precedent for this too that a judge has plenty of evidence here showing that there's no way that these votes will grow valid. They went ten and four are that you can. How much responsibility do you think should be heathed on the voter themselves versus some other force? I don't think that you have to be clever. I think that if you're, you know, you're a citizen in your entitled of vote. I think that you don't have to be clever. You don't have to be, uh, have great reflexes. You're supposed to be able to vote. It should be very simple and very clear, which it was not. Well, I, I, I, I did, I did it. We're going to have elections, especially in Portland, one by sort of president, based on confusing the voters. Now many people are bright enough to see to all the bookrap and get it right. That's not the way the system's supposed to work. I hear you. I hear you. So I, I just think those folks who punch the twice. I don't know what, really. I'm not talking about the, the twice, but again, you got to understand that when you look at it to an angle and again, keeping in mind when I just read you about punching the hole to the right of the candidate. I wrote him on page. Those people thought they were voting for a girl and leader because it looks, when they were punched at twice. Is that what they're saying to punch the one for right because both spaces, both circles, both holes show up within the space that it says, alcohol and your leader. And that's right. And so a lot of people assume that well, they're voting, you punch the right. They had a punch and vote. Which I know it's not pretty stupid. You guess what? People aren't that bright. Yeah, that's true. I got to be bright because I thought that it was. Well, take a look at all the people who voted for Bush. All right. Have a great day, pal. 1056 and 560 QA. 430, 560, W2AM by Andy Hortlutterdale. A measly broadcast group say, W2AM.com or the more. I don't have a bonus, but. You're the sunbeam down and it burns the top of my head. And when my employees laugh at me, I wish I were gay. I got both five. And just for me, yeah. Should I paint it, plant it or cover it. It's all about to be known. I do. We've got a false spot. Just like the figure ball. Got a false spot. I feel three inches tall. Got a false spot. He's not me, I'm so he's not a false spot. I know how Larry can feel. He got a false spot. Just like the spot. When I painted my head, my wife, she said, She's out of here. And when I go to the gender skies, Are you seeing my head for a year? I got a false spot. I got a false spot. Just like the figure ball. Got a false spot. I feel three inches tall. Got a false spot. He's not me, I'm so he's not a false spot. He's not me, I'm so he's not a false spot. He's not me, I'm so he's not a false spot. I know how Larry can feel. He's not a false spot. What we find. I'm sure you wanted to hear the call, but we can't. I can't find it. And you know something that's as good as I can do. I'll set up a surprise for now. Let for Joe Costello on a QM fan from noon to two. It would be a best deal stuff. At the Apopero Beach Service Center on the turn-facad Atlantic Boulevard. With all the CDs, cassettes, key change and t-shirts. A grand total so far, pretty weak to be on. So there's a time parenthood. 46,000 for a hundred and thirty bucks, pretty weak. Nothing you say is we're doing okay. Do I believe it? No, he's leaving anyone. But anyway, so we got 46,000 for a hundred and thirty. Buy your stuff from our website, near waju.com or also wcwm.com. You can get an audio specs, doors all over town. And specs and Naples and for Myers, best deal CDs and cassettes. All shipping and handling this year has been donated by Pac-Mail Centers of Merit of 1965 most not-her-world implantation. We think them profusely. But at the main time on the holidays come up. Great gift idea, best deal CD and cassettes every year. That's when usually do big and we got a long way to go. Long, long way to go. We're not going to accept media equity just because somebody may be leaving. You won't find them on. And I just would like to make this suggestion. It's how very easily we can eliminate the paper balance, all the confusion and you know how you do it. You know what you go to the bank with your ATM card. Instead of going in there's all these machines, these voting machines, these arcade dinosaurs, you go in there with machines, they look like ATM's. And everybody has a card. Just like a credit card. That's your voter card. And that is your voter card. You have your voter registration card. Well, this would be all your registration card and your voter card. And you swipe it through there. And then all of a sudden on the screen comes up your choices on a screen. And you punch Al Gore or George Bush or Pat or whatever. And then when you don't want that one, you press the button to go to the next screen. And then when you get all done, it says if you like to validate, if you like to, if this is your accurate vote, give you a little read out of the right. What is it? Is it what you want? Yes, so that's it. And then it clears the thing. Or if you want to make a change, press the screen. You want to go back to a screen number two. And then finally, when you get to the end of it, that's it. And you're vote automatically registers. And it's locked in there and nobody can effort it. Nobody can drive it around in a box in a bag. This is not the way ladies and gentlemen, to conduct an election. Not just for God damn presence, but for governor, for dog catcher. This is an invitation for fraud. I don't want to hear from any officials who are be moaning the fact that all my God, this is terrible. It's terrible because you people, the people and charge are two God damn stupid. And you're not innovative enough to come up with a system that makes sure we get a real winner. You invite people to screw it up. Now, somebody here Michael wants to know and I don't know the answer. Maybe somebody else who does. If there's a double punch in one race on a ballot, there's a counting machine cancel the one race of the entire ballot. I think that's really hard about it. Yeah. So we have all these thousands of ballots that were tossed out. Nineteen thousand and we're assuming the double punch is on the agro-lead Roman line. And you have to also assume that the majority of those people would have voted for Bill Nelson. So even though he won, his margin of victory was probably much much higher than it would appear. Again, that's only assumption, but it's just assumption based on pretty good evidence. Here's a lady in Pemba time, so hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. I have some questions. I called the supervisor of elections in Uriar County. And after how they actually did the recount. And I also watched MSNBC yesterday and they spoke to a lady in Pemba that was in charge of that. They only recount the ballot. They don't compare the signatures in each precinct to the number of ballots. To me, to be a valid recount, they should be counting the signatures. So by a 5000 signatures, am I precinct? Yeah. I shouldn't have 4000 ballots because something's wrong. I shouldn't have 6000 ballots. So they don't check that. They don't check that. And that is what I think these recounts, that should be demanded of mandatory. That was 1 point. And to me, on election day, all of the ones, challenged were saying that it's 80% turnout, 80% turnout, 80% turnout and 80% turnout. In the 18 days. However, if you look at the results that ended up being 70, 80% time. 88 in vain. However, if you look at the result that we ended up being 1767 and 72, I believe. So to me, to validate and all I should people are always wondering what happening with ballots, it's from a missing. The only way to do is compare the signatures. My second point on the 19,000 double punches. Right. When they said that there would happen in 1996, would that just end the same county or would not be a good one. Now, it's a little bit of a 50,000 pound beach. Okay. Maybe we have a lot of stupid people in Palm Beach who wouldn't surprise me. Well, has anybody thought that maybe they had to walk about? Maybe there was already one. But that's a good point out. I don't know. I don't know. One or more. That's not bad. I mean, maybe there was the same problem. I don't know what I say. It is the same stupid butterfly ballot in 1996 in Palm Beach, but I'm sure somebody can tell us. And maybe people live it for the same reason. I don't know. Because my suggestion is, they have leftover ballots that were never used. Right. Why don't they look at those ballots and see if there's something for me with them? Just running them through a machine to see if it comes up with a vote. Yeah. Well, when they're going to be doing this hand by hand, the recounting in Palm Beach, they're doing 4,000 to start by hand. They're recounting them all the machine in Palm Beach, because both parties demanded that. And they're doing it by hand. First they start with 4,000, 1%. And then they'll see how much how far off that is. And other matches up at the computer wise or not. And then depending if it doesn't, then they're going to do that. We'll have to do the whole county by hand. But wouldn't that invalidate all these 19,000 if there was already something to matter with the ballot itself? It's not the way to keep the those ballots through. And it only came up with one vote. And nobody's voted on them. Wouldn't there be something to matter with the ballot? Well, they're going to have to work with that. But I have doubts about that. Okay. I'd like to watch that. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The Palm Five, six, they're just about to make you very, very, very, very, very great. Not that I don't think most people are all that crazy about either one of these candidates, because I know I sure is all wasn't. But the fact is, if we're going to spend all the time and all the billions of dollars that they spend on advertising and campaigning, all those brokers that at least get it right, I know I'm asking for a lot because you know me, I'm always a mouth content. But how about getting it right? The, yeah, how about getting it right? I'm complaining too much. I'm sorry. 10 past 11 at 5, 60, W 2 and I want to bang. I want to bang when the start coming. So this is Anthony and I was concentrating to say that 18 and 10 is new with calling Sam. That is simplified calling and reduces on deal. Wait, who are you again? 18 and 10. 18 and 10. And you're calling for what? So I'm telling you that I knew with calling Sam. Did you use calling plans? Yes sir. All right. Go ahead. Okay. Well, I'm here at 18 and 10. I guess that we do have three of calling plans. That is simplified calling. You should follow me on. If you don't mind me asking. Who? Hello? You don't mind me. I'm on the toilet. Well, I'm talking to you. Okay. I'm going to. What kind of law this is, carrying? What's your question again? What kind of law this is? Hello? Do you have us? We must use 18 and 10. I don't know. Okay. So it will be a better talk to you to call that. What? It will be a better talk to me to call her back. No. You got to talk to me because I have a phone here in the bathroom and I don't want to get up and hang it up. So if you talk to me, I'll tell me more about your deal. Okay. So you think you're with the 28th. Are you ready? 20 MCI or Sprint. What? What? What? You think you're with MCI or Sprint or AT&T? Something like that. Okay. Do you know what kind of matrix sound like getting? Oh. Hello? Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it? I think you can go over time. Oh. Make it a poopy. You make a poopy? Hello? I like. Okay. 11.16 at 5.16 at WQA. And here's an article from the Wall Street Journal that appeared. Oh, by the way, Joe Custell always got to be in the FQM van at the Citroes gas station in the Palm Beach Service Center. I'm turned by Atlantic Boulevard. And then he can stop and never get the Nathan's hot dog and some of them. Mother of Hummer pies or whatever. What do they have? This is field cookies? Whatever they're going up there. You ever stop in the turn-pike thing? Yeah, I try to roll a lot up the road up the state. Anyway, here's a whole article about the I vote for high-tech downloading by John Steel Gordon. It says when Americans went to the polls yesterday, we chose the thought we were choosing the leader of the most technologically advanced country on earth. We have more automobile, computer, telephone, television, VCRs, queason arts, and heaven knows what else per capita than any of the country yet when we voted the central act that the commune of democracy itself, if you will. We Americans mostly use technology, so primitive it was available 100 years ago, and some cases 200 years ago. The paper ballots still are used in a few places dates back centuries and was the method used to elect George Washington. Not much changed for not 100 years except the scale and scope of voter fraud. In better it's began to look for ways to counter fraud and is important to make it easier. And the cash and cash and count votes. The very first patent the word the Thomas Edison in the 1980s, when he was 29, was for the vice of a law congressman and senators to vote on motion by simply pushing the appropriate button, for a response that often took 45 minutes could be replaced with an early instant tally. A congress wanted no part of Edison's right idea, much to be on in better should grim. It's members who heard the old method which a lot pressure would be put on late voting voters. And then it was on about the public voting booths and about this and that and the adiati It says the technology of modern and at least for the moment fraud, who voting system is already well developed and ready to go with nothing and the problem of the government fraud on such a wide open communication platform is not been solved by any means. It's said it's a technology that's familiar to anyone and everyone's officially secured advance a voting to dispense millions by means of it every day. The A.T.M. like I just said. There was not a single technological reason why a voter on election day should not be able to walk in any convenient polling place and so it is credit like registration card on this pin number allowing a series of questions on a screen please vote for one of the following candidates for person for example review his choices and press a button to register his votes. The votes will be transmitted instantly to the central computer and at the close of polling results will be instantly in all. If a nation by 24 hour election period word dot did people in the E.T.U.S. would still get a good night's sleep on election night. But while there are no technological reasons such as system could not be well on the way to being of a better by the presidential election the vast inertia in hearing it government not to mention the self interest of politicians comfortable with the status call for reasonable and less so makes that extremely unlikely. So while I can indicate this article to voice recognizing software program instead of typing out on the manual typewriter I will still have to vote as my great grandparents did. One could hardly ask for a better example of the superiority of private enterprise over government or companies to produce good services. Very implantation says they have 18 private machines in California and they are virtually errorfully compared to ancient technology that we use. Amen Mary. There you go. It should never ever have to go through this again. And you know something. Then this way we wouldn't have mistakes like the network should be resolved to really because it would all be for proof. There it is. Instead of having to do exit polling which I'm sure would not be much to those should be in this may and having this pissing contest to see which news outlet can be first and fast in the more full of crap. They press a button to saw there when the poll closes at 7 o'clock for example in Florida. They press the power eight o'clock in the appanial. They press the button there's the number. Who has got this? Which has got that? You can't get a piece of crap and that's it. Makes too much sense. And of course the politicians wouldn't like it especially when they say the poll is not going to be a problem. Because it eliminates almost entirely the possibility of fraud. Here's a lady in Miami, huh? Yes, man. I have a question. Do you think any other ballroom in the United States is a pro at a head candidate one, one and candidate two whole three? No. We would be all the ones. Yes and I'll say it again. The Republicans are trying to spin their thing about that butterfly and butterfly sound ballad thing using Chicago and elsewhere. And it is. But I'll say it again. That each individual race is on a separate page. So like a presidential candidate should all be on the left page. Follow the thing. And the holes will be right through Berkeley officers the name. And the race that's on the other page. Basically would be like for dog catcher or counting commissioner whatever. And that would have a phone hole. My goodness. We're the only one. One and candidate two three. Right. I'm the leader. And I don't have any other comment to the gentleman about the previous. A road and Palm Beach that was that they punched. Kuella. I mean, the two holes are different candidates. Yeah. The previous election. What I heard the number that I heard with 5,000, not 5,000. So apparently out there there are always numbers floating around. And nobody knows exactly what it is. So I think somebody should really investigate that and. Find out how many people could previously do that in the previous election. for election. So this is a big difference from 15,000 to 5,000. Amen. Okay. Okay. Hope for the best. Here's a fact from Jason, the young voter in Loyalist, and who talks about how a district he is. He says all the possible outcomes in the election are fighting to be but the pivotal question for you is if this were a reverse this scenario and put the Republican to the Democrats position will be opposition to the same will you stand to be so vehemently answered as you ask. And just like I said a couple minutes ago, if there is a reason for a recount in Iowa, let's recount them. That's what I was saying. Sure, I want to go to win but let's get it right. If he lost, he lost. I can handle it. I went to bed thinking he lost. I can live with it. We'll survive it. But get it right. Don't disenfranchise thousands and thousands of voters so that they can get a certain desired result unacceptable. Okay. If information you have regarding the double punch ballots and Palm Beach is in proactive. The Palm Beach County Commissioner was on the day show this morning. The number that was being used by the Republican campaign manager is misleading. According to the Commission, they measure over and under. All of us in under let's hit. Oh, get any K in on this. Which means the total votes were a ballot has more than one whole punch or present over. And the total votes were a ballot has zero holes punch for present under. The total combined over under for the last election was around 14,000. I can't remember the exact number. The over under for this election was over 30,000. The Republican party is comparing the total over under for the last election and just the over for this election. Did you that? It's the top of the versus him and it is important. Thank you very much. So they got the over and the under and there you go. Anybody understand that? Oh, well, I do. Just like they're trying to give the sound to them about the Buchanan votes. It's totally meaningless. And you know something? Talk about fuzzy math. Isn't that amazing what about your hypocrites? We're dealing with here. They're the ones who are supposed to be interested in bringing back stability and morality to Washington, D.C. and the government and Yadiya, the other and there for the people, power of the people. And yet they keep lying. They just keep blatantly lying. Flat out lying and trying to spin their numbers. Spin the numbers. God. That's thing about you. Can't know the votes you got the last time. Yeah, as a Republican in the primary in the Republican primary. Not as an independent. But don't confuse them with the fact. Because technically they're right, but don't like see the rest of it. Here's a little tiny bit of a truth. A kernel of truth shrouded in the middle of all kinds of lies. Which I think should tell you where they're coming from in the first place. They are trying to steal the election. That's what I'm pissed off about, Jason and everybody else. We have people not who are trying to steal the election. They want the popular votes. They want the election vote. And now they're trying to steal it. And hurry up and get it over with and let us steal it. And the rest of us are saying, no, no, no. We don't think so. There's no big hurry. Let's get it right. Let's bomb the cello. The other. Yes sir. How's it going? Okay. What did you mention earlier about how some votes have might have been undercounted with the big counted? So if you didn't press like for instance, I go in David and Peter Do it just on the ballot. Right. And I left the blank. Because he was on a post. So I didn't know for anybody. We think there's a part. No, no, no, see the thing is that sometimes when they go through with those ballots, if the chat is stuck back, he goes back in a place if it didn't get a punch all the way through. Right. And it won't, it won't show up in the final count. So it's a final count for that particular rates or for the whole ballot. For that race. In other words, there's an all depends on where the chat is. It's loose the tang in there. Okay. So if I just left the Peter go to a untouched and I go to Bush's. Right. They probably would calculate it. Well, I'm able to calculate the rest of your ballot, but I mean as far as that individual race. When they grow back and do them by hand, it will, it will pick up any votes that were left off because of the chat with start back in place. Okay. Gotcha. And I've been a lawyer for my recent something from the Ford Supreme Court. They've already rolled on both these issues privately, previously, with invalid ballots and candidates appearing in different places where they should have been. And in those times, they rule that it's, you know, too bad should have brought it up before the election. And they did not not see. I keep hearing people say, this is the popular party line now. They're complaining after the election's over. Let me say it again. The Sample ballot first of all, doesn't show the holes. And secondly, the misalignment problem only happens when you place the ballot in the machine, which no voter could have seen until they actually went to vote. I can set the puzzle up and we can set this to precondiorial that. In addition to what's the ballot, are you legal to live in violation of Florida law? Like it said, you don't do the forter. Let me say it again. Let me say it again. You wrong. You lose. That's the popular party line. That's what they're trying to make their whole case on. Oh yeah. Well, if you don't do it, if you don't check it out before the game starts, you lose. Wrong. Wrong. They're in violation of the law. Period. Well, when I went on to do a certain, I mean, if you, if you think we're going to hand you the election based on a technicality, you wrongster, you absolutely wrong. They're illegal, period. Whole number two is for you, cannon. Whole number two must be by law for the democratic candidate, Al Gore. The don't confuse this guy with the fact that he just keeps you repeating the same thing over and over and over and over again. He feels same, he's not even on the air anymore, he's still saying. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, I'm 60, you a fan. I'm a disco host, the house is a night and hell, I'm not the main. Oh, you're right home. And I don't know where I know them. And then left the right of the town. And then I don't know it's right. I don't know. Don't know what the hell like after Valor is, all the way to the country, as well get down and take my ball. Oh, I think they're holding me. So my brother will win. Just like the world's country, like the next and the world. I'm not. What do you know, Jisoo? Dr. Dota. What's the matter? I said to him, you were at I-masa. He has no fish. What's the difference? I should ask that last call, if I think that it's appropriate to collect a president based on, you know, errors on confusing balance. I understand George, we have to start a whole series of board games. Yeah, confusion. We can have border confusion, driver confusion. We can have like on a highway signs that show like you turns a go like a run in the circle. Yeah, border confusion. I like that. And we can use on the box that cartoon that everybody's sharing with all the squiggly lines, putting in all the different directions that can be on the cover. Border confusion. Because that's what it's all about. And any answer out there who thinks, oh, well, that's the way we can see it now because, you know, with her, all these votes up. That's great. That's showing your big fat ass to everybody in the world. Showing exactly what kind of asshole you are. And one of the Bush people all talk about, well, power back to the people. We charge the people. They charge the government. We charge the people. Except for its convenience. And they're trying desperately. You talk about spinning yesterday. There were spinning the numbers. And today they're spinning the urgency of, well, let's just, you know, time for them to get control in the towel and the nut. Reconced and done. And yaddi yaddi yaddi. Little P on. Here's some lines. I know. Okay. The idea of the election, bacon before we could have to choose. Yeah. And George Bush also said that Jews are going to help. They don't believe in Jesus. It's not a video. I've got to do this. Yeah. The Republicans are very care about that. My problem is with the media. Things like they're in the bag for 40. Like that national guard story where Bush was a walk. That should have been huge news. They only talked about that. Right. And in the Larry Flint story, I mean, the cocaine story, the liberal, cocaine arrest and 72. They're just as brilliant things out there. But for whatever reason they gave them a free pass. And every time Gore farted the wrong flavor, they had to make a big son of the Dan and convince the American public he was the big liar. That if it took the thought carries the center of the Bradford, we'll feed him on hero. Yeah. He's a guy who made a big deal about this. But nobody else talked about it. Boston Grove had a right to run a front page. And the rest of the media gave it a pass. Yeah. Okay. So I guess what will Jews that have believed in Jesus, they're going to go to hell. There you go. I mean, if the Jews were just to believe in Jesus, you're like, I believe in them. And if they believed in dinosaurs from the garden, you'd be just like, I can't join them. I have a very good idea. Oh, oh. Yeah. We're starting a new organization called Jews for New Cannon. We're going to be a big one. We're going to be a big one. We're going to be a big one. It's just, it's funny. And it's pathetic at the same time. It's just tragic. Tragic. Oh, no. You understand. They want to repent. Uh huh. Yeah. See, that's what they should have told Carl Roe yesterday when he was making those Assignions statements and doing his spin with all those idiotics for bogus numbers about Buchanan's vote. They should have said, hey, guess what Carl, most of these came from Jews and they should have said that. And he said, two would have been, yeah. Uh huh. Gotta go now. Here's the lady mobile and North Miami Beach, hello. No? Yes, man. Hi. Hi. And me and my husband wrote it in an accessible farm elementary school. Uh huh. And I want to raise two five. First of all, we will not ask to show our driver license. Why not? And the second, I don't know. The second point is that we will handle a pencil to give to right our signature. And I know from an Israel we are. Handsome. Pencil. This is how they can erase everything. Now they have a special order. There's a special pen that they give you that you're supposed to sign with. No, no. It was a pencil. Yeah. I'm wondering if the law requires. Every vote voter to to prevent identity identification card and also to sign with the pen. So we cannot erase the signature. Right. Okay. Thank you. Well, I hope you're vote counted. I'm also. Don't be too sure. Okay. Good one. Come. Oh boy. And they want young people to get interested in politics. Yeah. I don't think that was first time in years I voted on Tuesday. I don't think I would be wasting my time anytime soon again. You know what I mean? I could have slept in extra hour and a half. For all the good it did. Oh yeah, but you know you're one vote. Yeah. I won vote. If it counted. And you know something. I haven't voted in years, but I'm not exactly a moron. I'm pretty epic. It seems like that. I can find the whole. But the fact is, even in Broward, which didn't have that butterfly in ballot, even when you slide that thing in there, you line it up with the pegs, even in Broward. You have to really take a good close look because it was not not not the best. Not the best. Even the old voting machines, where you pull the lever down, even those are the preferable to this. Because they kept their running tally and the machine number one. And number two, at least there's no possibility of pushing the wrong lever because the lever is right over the name that you're pushing. As opposed to playing this game, it's like a jigsaw puzzle. You know, it's a bunch of dots. What's that? I've been trying for years what a dumb country this is. And it really is. I mean, this is somebody's idea of how you will like a president and all the billions and billions of dollars that are going to be spent. And all the year, the citizens are going to affect the environment, the Supreme Court for decades in generations to come based on this. And they then they want to get other people involved in the system. You may have break. Just like this lady that just called, I wonder how many people out there who voted. Who took the time any effort to register and to go and vote on to this are so wondering whether the voting would have counted. They'll never know. And yeah, and yesterday they had one of the local channels that you see that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And they have to be about about that got tossed off. And he was reading the name of some of them. And then David Lee, he is saying, oh, well, I'll still never know. These people, locales, you're using their names. Nice. Yeah, nice. It's part of the American system. You never even really know for sure if you vote counts. Hello. Hi. Nice. 21 before a new in the 560 WQM. Well, they have a queen in the answer in the Netherlands. I mean, they do vote for certain things. They have a queen. Oh, bunch of my here. I have got something here that is going to make care of grow. You better sit down. Everyone here. What no matter what you do, if you're on the road, pro off of the side right now, pull over the side. This is just enough to make me want to sit here and scream for the next 2 hours and 60 minutes. Florida sent duplicate ballots overseas. Oh, I believe five Florida residents serving US Air Force Base in England received two absentee ballots for this year's hotly contested presidential race. They submitted the Department of Defense and Poy told to law magazine, you know, that magazine. Elaine Gatley 48, a civil service executive secretary, station at RF, Milton Hall and Southeast and England said Thursday that she and four federal Florida into working office received two ballots in the mail from the state of Florida. At first, I thought it was just a fluke. At least said, well, when I went to work the next day, I talked to my friends and they said, yeah, I got too also. I got a pair. Gatley registered Democrat completed and returned only one of the ballots. You received, but he said, at least three of her fellow Florida insolent from my registered Republican, Twitter, they filled them out and returned the second ballots as well. These people thought there was something wrong with the original ballot, who is married to an Air Force service man. They just said the second ballot in taking maybe something was wrong. The duplicate ballots were mail from election offices in at least three Florida counties. Santa Rosa, OCO and Hillsborough are going to Gatley. The more the little ballots were sent to registered Democrats as well as Republicans. But the majority of overseas military people are Republicans at a Gatley. It's unusually the spouses of the civilians who are the Democrats. One of Gatley's Republican co-workers a day or four space confirmed that she received two ballots in Florida for the cross they're named not for you. According to Gatley, the majority of the basis staff comes from Florida. There's formally an important at Eglander for space near in Florida. No one from other states with whom she spoke in middle and receive more than one FcD ballots have got. According to Florida elections, board, it's common for counties to send sample ballots before mailing the official absence of ballot. It should be clearly labeled the ADI-ADI. Absent the ballots are still being counted in the controversial Florida race. Officials say the final FcD Tally might not be completed for another eight or nine days. It's said of an storm. I just mentioned that in passing because this is such a precise scientific system that we're using. Here's Blinken B. Chillow. Hello? Yes sir. I just like to make a couple of comments. I find a sore on it that the Republicans who wrap up the challenge in the flag and they're so pathetic that democracy, we have to, the democratizing world. We sent troops to Haiti to establish a fear and honesty election. We, in theory, a sovereign country, Panama, causing several thousand rights to be lost because, no, the author of the legitimate election. We isolated Serbia because the middle of the country's government was in the only legitimate. We sent US observation teams to reach the more Nicolagra, Guatemala, Guatemala, El Salvador, to establish the elections. I suggest that the Secretary General of the United Nations be contacted and United Nations observers, we sent the Palm Beach County to ensure that the citizens of our country are right. Have an interruption that makes the standards of democracy. Well said, excellent. Thank you. Okay, I'm all for you. Thanks. How you like that? Let's bring it to God that we were in the National Guard. The SPCA, the JDL, the ADL. To eat out this cool in progress and double ACP, I'll go already there. Just eat it, just that's what he's there too. I don't think you've got to hit it to guess he bought. He never missed a fatal off in his life. 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Don't forget our good close personal friend, Joe Costello, he'll be on tomorrow morning 6 to 7 and then Sunday, 9 noon with some NASCAR clap. And he's at the A2AMVAN, the Citroes gas station from noon to Tuesday, showing the best in the east. That's in the popular week service set on the turn-pocket landing full of art. With our CDs, cassettes, keychains and teachers. And all that good stuff. Yeah, sure, it'll be nice to make, I was hoping to 150 grand this year, but they're kind of a BlondeJ attitude in the other room, kind of like, well, I'm leaving so. I just mentioned that in passing too. Here's Tamorack, hello. Tamorack, yes sir. Well, we think a doctor's saying right now. What do I think? One? A doctor's saying, oh, hey. 560, 560, Pound 560, I like that stock, was that stockers that a piece of hollow bar that he had stuck in the floor. One of the other. Here's a mobile in Pavanier, hello. You had a couple things, sir. At the end of one of those Miami-Herald Articles of the 5,000 Articles, there in the paper, the other. It said that somewhere on that Palm Beach ballot, the only vote for one child with her page. Well, if you want to talk about confusing, when you have the program for candidates better or too pager, you can't really get, you can't really get that. I just want to talk about the problem with that ballot. Yeah. Anyway, it's in the Miami-Herald Articles of the 5,000 Articles. Well, I have the, if I can find in the middle of all this crap I've got here. I've got the Instruct Heritage, here's the Instruction page. It says using both hands and to put the ballot card all the way into the Votermatic, be sure to two-spot that the end of your card fit down over the two red pins to vote. Use the punching instrument attached by changing the Votermatic. Contest rate down to the holes of the right of the era by the candidate or issue of your choice Do not use any other punching instruments vote all pages after voting with the ballot card from the automatic place at the grass security I'm a little panpigrant the ballot box Wow, okay, the hell the other thing Now, I'm a little bit of a peach. Well, let me finish it says if you make a mistake we turn your ballot card to paint another and To write and devote for a right in doesn't say anything about vote only. I want one page. I got a right on the All pages like that is what they have we're talking about. Yes, it's vote all pages, but I didn't say But put it if you vote on the page and start for motion you vote on the page and start from the cannon Then you know, that's it. There's another excellent point if you might be vote on the second page Because you'd be voting you'd be voting you'd be voting your ballot Like that because you'd be voting for two candidates for the same office Excellent job sir No, the thing and others that Bob Drow on the Republican just saying the Wop this up the sober door Yeah, that kind of measure Anybody say that before you have to be ballot or in with 300 votes. We don't make any sense See there you're forgetting the idea to assume their way in. It's a while they have some the overseas ballots always Republicans Well, how about waiting in counting them and then in the meantime They're also during that period of time since we have to waste Friday that law requires those to be counted and in me time Let's see what else we find out Yeah, well, they don't want to do that because they know they're lost Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Yes, there you go that there's another great job I said I thank you for few sleigh standing under stat with you saying first because they're all at it wrong It doesn't say vote only for one candidate in each page it says vote all pages guess what Wrong right right on the very first and second page there wrong. I'll turn anything Because the first page is the page winner hell is it? I got it here at about Bush and Channing Gordon, Lieberman Brown and Olivier Nader and Rod Duke Harrison 12 Hageline and Goldhabeer and on the second page is to cannon Fossus McWennells and Hollis Phillips and Fraser and Monica give me more head and Raubha And if you if you vote on both of those pages guess what? Another double nipper your ballots tossed out for whole thing This ballot in Palm Beach is in Valid the instructions are invalid the entire thing is about there must be another election in Palm Beach County There must be Is that it just go ahead and validate for it and it's all over and go in Because that's the provision of Constitution makes it through out of state and just the majority of intellectual votes from the other states And like I said earlier and I really mean it if they want to recount Iowa go ahead I think they are if they're gonna recount Wisconsin Arizona to answer fine get it right get it right But though the luck somebody based on fraud and Outstanding not only to brought up there in Palm Beach County That lot pooper whatever her name is but all the Lyshen officials from both parties in Tallahassee. I think they all ought to be in jail Maybe to be from school want to be either or both There's a lady in Palm Beach, Chelo. Hi, New York. I have a quick We point that I heard on TV yesterday and I want somebody to confirm it the 1996 they had $14,000 $5,000. Yeah, we've already been chewed that that was that was just really that was just the ovaries This is over and under this is the 30,000 total 79 Right, I know but then they kicked out 19,000 this time because it's never lunches. Yeah, but back in They're not 19,000 80 it can call me carry So if they had the spirit of a mistake in 90 fifth then that has a lot of If they had 4,000,000 thrown out in 96, yeah, I would repeat that ballot for 19,000 to make this thing the second year because the ballot is not After it I voted in Palm Beach, yeah, and I did not even as first look at it I said what is this and it took me a few seconds to Call in a what was going on and then I know that I did so so I won if I had my card line Yeah, I will I'm not one of the elderly that have a hard time pushing cards down into this and then get in my Five six dead on something this card was in Valor how many directions have gone by with this card That people are voted and how many boggies because I that's talking about date counted ahead of talks out 17 down how many of these bogus of ballots that they're gonna keep showing out and just saying wow It just goes with the territory before they decide to really give everybody an opportunity to have their vote count Exactly, they say and when you should get it right well they should get it right and make it easier even if it comes down A picture as the president of hand did on their so we could circle us there Yeah, how did you it not a bad idea that I appreciate all I just wanted to see if y'all are Already think about that and listen if it's not working Then we need to get something okay Let's hear from Alabama this year even in Alabama We want the machine to have to leave her on it. Yeah, what is that tell you Alabama's ahead of us? What is that tell you? We're gonna tell the we're gonna build a 35 billion dollar bullet change that we're laying down Yeah, we got these air-coated boat machines Your mommy's here with money that nobody has any idea what's gonna come from though for again People better fear it's George Bush doesn't offer I Feel right now I'm squeezing my passport as hard as I can I Like you are see on the plane I'm squeezing it Here's this this is very big we've had about 400 these cartoons The official Florida presidential ballot Follow the URL touch the appropriate dot both for the straight area of the dot Then the list you can't endure a needle in each one starts with a squiggly line and they all wind up like an a like a goddamn Web like an a spider web maze Like I said in a maze Yeah, they're in a maze, but they're also we're talking about the spider web I'm a maze just looking at it and then they finally do come out pointing at the right It's kind like that thing they do what the a pantheon gives like the game on prices right You know when they put the thing under the follow the the ball Which show it the show game which which ball is under which show And it's the same thing here which one's got the Tony which dots is the one you want to stick it in which hole are you looking to probe Where minutes before noon at five 60 WQS A measly broadcast group say It's Friday you I could really go for some popcorn right now, but I'm knowing you know my boy You don't need to be sure I do I'm like in the puppet. Yeah, I'll show you have a seat now slide this right under Hey, whoa, watch it there now whole real still think nice thought and In five minutes you have pop and fresh tiny corn Yeah, great Tiny corn pops up fresh with the warmth of your very own ant You know what's really weird yeah, never mind now. I'm like you like this one Just go and hold tight Oh These in life from your own out. Well, I turn about that corner Comes out the same way goes in probably one at five 60 WQA I'm looking at the market is taking a big one Five they're not too happy now They want that declaration they want this to be handed over to them on a platter put the crime on there put around George he said Let him start talking with a loose James Baker's out of the first conference come up in a couple of minutes. He's gonna probably blame the old Jews The virulently ant has some of the James Baker Good close personal buddy of the bush clan Here's Miami no Yeah, sir. Yeah, you don't know this whole forest reminds me of a quote from my Joe fall on a good dictator friend He said it's not important who both it's important who counts the vote right and I think that's what's happening here Anyway, which can we put your vote a bit to the brothers Murray? Yeah, what do you think the chances of them getting a gallery blurry for neither my hour? No, the rumors they want neither my end more well for a gallery blurry. I would do it in five seconds You'll be asking me that in the table this morning. I said you better do it in one second and the offer there It's more this is home. Not that might be able to get him right he's pretty exciting Thank you right now. Okay. Take me. I'll keep it up. Okay. Thanks. We love the pancer. They lose a lot If you want to go to our neo-rodges.com Not just the vote on our poll, but Eric has got the photo voting statute It's being the brilliant the man that he is he's got it all on there in that's the voting statute voting machine ballots requirements for voting machines voting by electronic or lesser mechanical method procedures ballot requirements voting by people about the wall on noon reading for yourself And then our prayer not at the photo Recount is finished at our door can see the feet we have 271 votes so far 186 they know that 68.6 percent 85 say yes 31.2 percent With the margin of period of 27 votes and the overseas ballots still not even counted yet Not even arrived yet Here's Miami. Hello Yes sir My co-worker She told me this out of data. She went the vote without A color without a vote of racial color and any ID And I say are you serious? Just walked in to show us yeah, she said she showed up because her process So you're trying here and I want you going to vote before but she said that's not your business I want to vote before. Yeah, I tell my god. They said who you voted for by the way? Yeah, yeah, I should wish you vote for What do you do? And how are you? Everyone in Hollywood should go vote somewhere with a cop beer because I mean they're all about scandal Yeah, I mean these guys are like If you're gonna make sure they vote for the governor or the president they're gonna see I mean they're big on the 99 in day calories Oh, yeah, they have a Yeah, yeah, she said she would know should vote twice what for her will for their grandfather They will now she's wearing nice is catching on You know, I mean I mean these these two lios over here. If you only do this you're running They put you big back up If it's a you're a for president They they they they elect their own people, you know They vote five six seven time You know It is that this is going to happen Okay, you know stay like Jesse says they are the bushes they are highly You know I got my chance of them cut no one knows bushes down They're okay, yeah, okay, yeah, busy. Okay I got a real surprise I got my own ace up the sleeve. I got an ace in the hole Because I'm gonna be a go out of the country and go on vacation very soon just a few days here And I might just be a broad No, I mean that but I might just be overseas and you know what you can send those ballots in by FedEx all bet So what I'm gonna do I'm gonna find me about 2000 dollars 2000 Florida ballots What I'm gonna do is just pop of all my pocket I put them in my little bag and then I'll mail them all in FedEx with 2000 different names How does that sound I'll never know And then of course we got those 72 million dues and as you all here James Baker is not too happy about the users over seeing that retail Real Democrats at the end of this weekend You haven't a bush is still the winner subject only Accounting the overseas ballots Which traditionally have favored the Republican candidate yeah, sure the truth No, but what there's a little bit of a leader in your original vote or in the recount has been presented Now the Gore campaign is calling for yet another weekend In selective and predominantly democratic counties Where there were large unexplained vote swings in their favor in the recount On its plane it appears that the Gore campaign is attempting to unduly prolong the country's national presidential election Through English challenges to the results of the vote with them here and farther This is like another more the more often ballots are recounted Especially by hands The more likely it is the human is like lost ballots and otherisms Let me tell you what will be introduced This frustrates the very reason Why we have moved from hand counting to machine and hands you out as ever to get me let me say a word Specifically about the Palm Beach ballot but there's news on area There's a rule of law To be followed in all elections The state of Florida is established legal procedures to design approve Publish and if need be to protest ballots before the election The ballot was designed by a democratic Elections super badge well that makes it legal again. She approved it The democratic party did not question it before the election. Yeah, this butterfly type ballot was used in recent elections in the same county and under the same rules and again the Democrats did not complain overwhelming majority of voters who used the ballot In this election Undesthetic and a cast valid votes I lawyers have confirmed the legality of this ballot We have withers here today relevant copies copies of the relevant to Florida statutes If you would like to have The Gore campaign is also tried to make a lot of a fact that double mark ballots are not counted a key principle In American elections his one person one vote If we have ballots with two votes Of course we can't count them But I hate to break the news the agents break my anti-Semitic friend. It says right there in the voter instruction vote all pages Old all pages so even though the double punch probably were on the same page the fact is that let's say the voter for Go or bush and you can't ignore anybody on our moniker giving more head That invalid and they were following instructions. Yes, what automatically invalidates the ballot So you can you can try to put whatever spin you want on it my anti-Semitic glacier friend, but the fact is it ain't gonna work The process is still gonna go through but this is their campaign now is to try to talk their way in by 327 votes in their end of the White House Very tragic I'm in a San Pinoon in 560 WC The O'Rotter Show Sports radio 560 This just can't paint that they're running now full court press to try to try to brainwash the public I won't put another second of those James Baker thing out. I was listening to it during the break here To try to put the owners the point to sing with the girl people. I you know we've had the first election and now We've had the second recount and Florida and it was done very openly and transparently and it was honest and fairing And now it's over and outside for them to you know and not to keep asking for more votes to become Because they know they've only got to enter they know they lost They know they lost they've got 327 that they're hanging on to and they know damn well Going back to that story about the thousands where's that thing about the manual we come in the midst of my 50,000 pages here Thousands of under votes are at issue and again the under votes are the ones in which there is a race that is not voted for possibly Know as well as I do that nobody goes into presidential election and doesn't vote for president It's possible especially with a screw per candidate, but it's unlikely and The likely thing is here that the actual ballots have to be inspected to see if the Chads the People tab on the back was pushed all the way through and if not the computer doesn't count them That's why there needs to be a manual recap It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out 6686 under votes in Broward 10,750 in date about 10,000 Palm Beach and I'm sure many thousands more around the state You see this is a question of getting it right Mr. Baker a question of getting it right you can get up there and make your big god damn speech You will encounter over the That Kathy who's you can all get up there make all the speeches you want the fact is that the American public deserve to have the winner being the president for the next four years and you lost And if they go through this recounted Bush still wins there is put the crown on he's the president I have no problem with that if he wins, so I think he's gonna win. Oh no, and that's what they're Schmidt and Bixna now I'm a you can smile come out of his pants right on the floor That's really trying to put this big spin that's all living with and this show is very clearly They don't believe in this business about one man in one vote and power to the people know They believe in power to them hand over the kids baby will move in They got the moving band just going up Pennsylvania ever right now That's not even December yet still like three years after the election They're already knocking on the door saying okay, but we get out of here go play golf Because they believe that they have this right given by God by Jesus We're gonna whoever gave it to many of you in the trial level commission gave it to who knows the bushes What's the hurry These are the same people that spent 50, 50, $57, 70 minute dollars investigating the same things over and over again right water penis gate When they started the impeachment hearing at that time I remember can't start sitting there and said that they had absolutely no evidence He actually made this statement. They had no evidence of any culpability by the Clinton Did that stop them? No, they spent millions more of your tax dollars It went on and on because they were held bent to get Clinton no matter how long it took There was no hurry Even though they created a constitutional crisis and put this country to a goddamn impeachment proceeding So when in the second time of the situation So in that case, there was no urgency whatsoever And he's even sitting here admitting he's standing there hopping there whatever he's doing Admitting that we have to wait till they overseas ballots come in while the deadline for that is next Friday November 17 Which give this seven days in the meantime if we discover that there have been errors on these ballots and for God's sake If there is only a margin of 327, let's find out. Let's get a fair count Let's get a fair count and if there was some Hanky Panky and Palm Beach will have changed in the in the recount Then let's find that too if it goes in the direction that's what the Republican's are claiming Then on the first the count was only six men amount of being six hundred while that's fine out about that But they're put in the full court press on to bring this to a conclusion right now. It is absolutely unacceptable And I've said to people I'm really embarrassed for they had a couple of monoliths or town homie to yesterday And we've had a couple of calls like this these last couple of days and I can see that in the vote here on our pool Are the Democrats the gross supporters who are saying oh, yeah, but it'll make you look better And it'll be good for the country now. It will not be good for the country. I'll not be good for your children for your grandchildren for women for minorities for anybody else To let these people steal a presidential election away if that's what the kind of a whip you are. I don't want to even waste my time with it I mean here it is if I have a guy then it's like having a whole up In your house in the middle of broad daylight and you got blinders on a pretend you can't see it I look better if I just fucking steal the stuff. Yeah, there you go. I didn't I didn't know not And they're talking about the group people and let me say it again the people are firing the lawsuits our voters in Palm Beach County They're the ones who are filing complaints Because they want to have a count as So again if the bush people read the belief in the power of the people All this traffic after repeating these tright cliches the bait after debate campaign pit stop after pit stop about power to the people That how about letting the people make sure that they're vote counts And The reason you don't want to make sure that is because you know and the Republican lawyer said yesterday I'll say it again They know if there's another election in Palm Beach County that girl will be the next president They know that because they know that the majority of people in the state of Florida Right to the polls on Tuesday wanting to vote for our gore Period and just because you stand there and give us a song of the dance that it's illegal balance I said you were crap, okay? That's what I said you Vership that's what I say There is no chance in hell that that's illegal balance and I don't care how many judges God you don't have to be so happy to be a lawyer because I'm sick of tarot or it's you just look at what it says there Even the instructions are wrong Not to mention the fact that growers hold a supposed to be right under the bush hole and it status on the a third hole They don't want the process to be done right they don't give a crap about the people getting their chance to vote They want it and we're supposed to hand it over to him Here's a call from Nathan. Tell him yeah, I know why keep up the good work buddy What's in the Neil over here that there's a lot of complaints about lawyers getting involved with this thing But I wanted to mention perhaps you heard that They before the election including a Russian Empire show the money before the election He was saying the bush camp had contingency to challenge if they won the popular vote in last era co-op They were perfectly willing to Yeah, the deleted process No, this all thing about it delaying the nomination is absolutely Yes, what go on the popular vote and they didn't how do you like that? What the party? There was a switch All right, you know, pick it up. Thanks for the good news Yeah, so it's okay for them like I said with penis gate and white water and travel gate and all these other investigations They had more goddamn investigations that were spending more of your tax dollars than you can check your thing at And they and it was only just just a few weeks ago So they finally came out with a stuff right before Interestingly enough Right before the New York senatorial race. There were they were hoping are against hope to come up with some against So we couldn't find it Couldn't find anything to the level of race to the level of criminal act In white water But they should give it their best shot for years not for a few days like people are asking for the election They'll get it right for years Who the hell are they kidding? Here's what waterdale. Hello You know yes sir, I'm doing a serve. Okay, but let's see your show. Oh my name is Wade never really sure show like yours There's never a hockey question for you sir I didn't hear about the latest truth trade room. I was the panters. Yeah, I don't want to get sure I'm put about the ranges of the New York Rangers my impet Yes, sir, who is there they still plan now no interest? 560 560 pound five say that was the phony voice I was just sounded like a washington name of this dog racing 560 50 50 50 50 on I am I'm glad he called amazing the up anyone on the y because I'm gonna say something that I was biting my tongue I wasn't gonna say it, but I'll say it anyway I mean my car last night about 16 I was going to be at the public to pick up a few things And maybe maybe it's only me because I do this for a living and I have to sit even talk about this But I think that there are millions of people out there who don't sense the election day This is all we've been talking about anybody ago. This is all everywhere anybody I'm going to do talking about And I'm sitting in my car and I turn on I O D the new station what have they got? They're talking sports They have their sports cast on I turn over I and D they have Ed by by by two talking about the Naked people some of the usual silly crap there with their fraction audience I'm flipping around the dial on the A and dial there is nobody in this market talking about what everybody wants to talk about And hey, girl, because the only person on this radio station In the sports department is got enough common sense enough brains to understand that because when he was here I went there he'll be hit it from San Diego. He's out of the west coast for the ball game this weekend Do you know what common sense it up to realize that this is what people I mean sure he threw a little sports in area to get a couple of calls But generally speaking this is what he was talking about Who are more in people understand that? Oh no And much tonight should win the day and I like the booze great guy, but do you have to say that yes at all? No It's the college football mentality again. That's all they know from in this town I'm sorry can talk about that that's core people and no little their all universe that's all they know Some bad at this jackass call for this one he called because I'm embarrassed by it. I'm really and I'm humiliated by it This number time tell oh Yes, sir. Yeah, sir. Yeah, sir. First of all, I want to tell you I live in Las Vegas for eight years and they have the greatest way that you ever want to vote for your life They have voting machines That you can go to early voting two weeks ahead of time you can hope for two whole weeks And early voting places like things up fashion show more places like that You can vote for your candidate. There's a precinct worker I'm gonna do the computer Out of computer you got a Absolutely bad you cannot vote in a voting machine You gotta be registered. They check your name now. It's on a cycle computer and then they give you a card to go to your voting booth There's a precinct worker and from a each voting booth that helps you into it And if you pull a lever for go or that's it you cannot pull a lever for go and push or go and be Canons or go or anybody if you come out the precinct worker checks the she if you If you will vote it and they and the light goes off and that's it and it's the greatest way of ever seeing the voting in my life I've worked out there for eight years. I've worked it early voting and And the and the regular voting and most of the people are voting now early voting two weeks ahead of time and all these early vote plus they have Mobile units going around to all the places to help people into the booth to help them vote Can you imagine if that would have happened here because them people go on to century votes and Boker return in all those places with the old people to help them in cities mobile units They never would have voted wrong Never do never see a wrong vote in our state is town Okay, don't forget to let go of the over five six seven oh five sixty time five sixty on the AT&T and provide some wireless long. I'm just getting the angrier and angrier and more psychotic And they keep pointing the fingers at the other side the other ones that they're turning this in a way totally partisan Pitching contest As opposed to just letting the legal machinery go through the judging Palm Beach Sure as held up they certifications at the ballots until Tuesday what's the problem with that in addition Which they're the ones who requested a recount in Palm Beach County Democrats and the Republicans so I guess they need to change their mind Really that is said this for this isn't such a good idea after all because you know what I said we're gonna lose Yeah, we'll take a pass on that real count if I refuse in the penalty No, wait, please decide we don't want to take it after all Game over 263 new in the fine 60 WQAM Okay, we got a correct Miguel was very upset that he took it personal What I said about the promotions people and then I said and effused I mentioned that you could use leaving And I just they're to prove to me go how much I love my stuff my tongue way down is throat and he's got a big smile on his face Anyway, here's the fact that says heard you say that all votes from the invalid double punch ballots were tossed out that is correct Since this year 22 extends up the areas of Palm Beach County and blue accuracy now so many ballots So I go to the lame bloom Clay Charlottes were tossed out most of them we would have been for bloom How many of you shall win by by 560 and you like that? So we're gonna put on the guy backing Congress this old fossil clay show is then there for 500 years We're gonna put him back it looks like based on crap She I don't understand why so complicated They want us to vote that he tuned the public out for not voting They could be mown in the fact that most people have no interest and then when people do go and vote You had to go through a big song that instant stand on your head to try and make sure that you vote count And even when you walk away you're not your red count There is a one of you listening to me right now who can guarantee to me that the vote that you can't sun to the including me that the vote was counted I don't know I'm hoping but I don't know I Ballant and there is a razor edge lead by Governor Bush I was vice president for and there's only one week left. Yeah, we know that quite a quick real Versting the obvious okay bitch go back in the suck O. J's ass Here's Holly one hello. How are you doing? Yes, sir. I just wanted to say they haven't you know You can see that the Bush people are really you know Fashes here because they haven't even done a recount yet what they've done is a recandlishing Okay, they and when there's less than one half of one percent left not only do they recand this but they have either party has the right to recount by hand Okay, and Gore has an even ask for the whole state which he can ask for he can say I want the whole state All 6 million votes re recounted by hands and he just asked for certain county Right recap it and they're and they're complaining about this It's absolutely a man and like I said they also asked the above a for a recount in Palm Beach County Because they said the irregularities and the disparity between the initial numbers and the ones in the first week count Right, why think what they wanted was a recandversing and They they put them all together when the Palm Beach Commission I got together the other day they said well this will this will help the Bush people too because when gore for a recount by hand They said well if it'll serve both purposes, but I think they wanted them to be recanded by machine again Also, I heard Paul the galel last night say that we don't necessarily need to have a reelection in Palm Beach They can a judge can order that Officials Valid officials look at the village in determining consistency Meaning that if if they punched both for Gore and Buchanan and voted Democratic the rest of the ticket It was obvious that they were meaning to vote for Gore And I should point out that when you see when they chew those ballots out they just qualified them But of course they still have them law requires them to keep all of those ballots So they still exist it's a life of two men at Trashcancel where we hope that they still exist but they didn't count Absolutely because they have to count the other races on there too So they have to keep the ballots, but I mean that can happen too So I'm willing to go with that because if they look at the weekend the people and and century village you voted for Buchanan It's the end of them yeah and and and all the double punches You're gonna tell me that most of those people didn't vote straight Democratic ticket come on Yeah, and also the Gore people didn't mention that that's where those votes were were coming from that They were coming from mostly Jewish and blacks and a lot of other people that they can they conveniently left that now Thought that they're trying to do again a spin the information and try to make a team like all Palm Beach You know, he's really got a big backing there and even be a hand in life That's that he said it's a bunch of crap and if he ever even showed a space in Palm Beach during your campaign Exactly, that's what the Bush people said they said or this there's a big reform movement going on in Palm Beach Yeah, and a Democrat had mentioned that look this is coming from predominantly liberal places and you you know That's it's absolutely ridiculous they're fascists and they don't want you to vote because Republicans like low turnout in the vote Yeah, you know everything they do just proves Their vast fascist nature, you know what I'm saying and they got really indignant when when We're always talking over the last weekend the campaign about the reconstruction and about the The three first black people being three fifths of one vote and We're talking about the difference between good evil and the black churches of that prayer breakfast But the fact is who you know who's got the last black about that right now? With all the black voters that they try to turn away and deny their vote on the two day amen And you know who those black voters turned out to vote against them just it was jib and I think that he was ready for He knew that they were coming because of all that affirmative action crap that happened A couple of months ago They all came out and drove and I think that's why we saw what we saw and now he's history man because he said me Yeah, he's not gonna be able to do that the next time around because they'll be ready for it The next time around and he's gone We're gonna drag him out by the school to across the state line. All right all right. I hope you bye bye Take him up to Georgia. He fit in there like a rubber glove. I don't think they'd let him in Now you know something I'm not a rocket scientist, but I've already got 99 of the 227 votes back 13 and review of each all black 13 black votes 58 in Senator essentially village that's 81 and Oh, wait a minute maybe my math is wrong Well that's 71. No my math is right and 28 that's 99 in This and the precinct 171.8 Jews See I had to write the loose here. There were Jews in vote for Pat Buchanan. There was some Jews awarded for Bush at a moment Jane name. There was some Jews for Bush, but Jews in vote for Pat Buchanan needed it charges Okay, and any judge who would look at that would see the regular audience He bet those the intent of those voters was the vote for our door to there's 99 Would without even trying I'm just sitting here on my ass and The 327 now is down under 2228 227 And it's for your man that's what I look that's what I said I know I said the 228 I wouldn't die to 228 because I got nine you man Or I'm distracted by the year 260 which is the total out of the van Oh, we got two 60 advantage or cross sellers at the QM van new and the two from now to two So if we're gonna be exciting that's far away similarly, we're out of later at the six-row station on the southbound side of the turn plaque Adelonic Boulevard poverty for the best of you'll see these kids have key change in t-shirts Yeah Miguel was really wounded Sorry sweet on you could be better. I Christmas made it feel much better Yeah I wanted this is the one it's to be to make nice human. I made nice 22 before one why do I keep saying that I don't know because I'm just a loser this car whatsoever I mean a rubber works. Now me one of 60 seven counties on a lecture day you this confusing illegal balance Precedure My dad can't a confusing back literally Across the country use this out including Chicago now absolutely they keep saying this this is full crap Say use a butterfly ball up, but they don't they don't have the candidates for any race on two different pages all The candidates for any individual Contents are on the same page God, why doesn't somebody get up there who knows what they're talking about me? I don't know that much but just sitting here and reading the newspaper and keeping my ears open They don't want to guide them truth all today's is spin this keeps spinning like a great or the Hanukkah time Just keeps spinning it. I shouldn't have said Hanukkah. Good James Baker upset Cox a hoist Jimmy Antisemite quick Neil Roger show sports radio five 60s Why do you There's never get these Things out of my husband's short you will now Introducing new no Longer detergent with scum guard Let's face it human bodily fluids of a toughest stays to remove from valuable undergarments But it's not the Creations what even see new No The taxis tough stains with that and it's cum guard for a deep down clean trying new no Today that here not completely satisfied will double your money back no Twist cum guard Okay, thank you 50 to what if five 60s. Nobody to him so it effectively the statutes the floor statutes on which votes are Legal and which ones are not coherent in other words the grounds for well over turning and changing He results all letters on our website new argers.com Because it gets real heavy duty and complicated We're trying a client called different franchise voters right now. There are three names clients Literally a thousand others who call that now. What do you do we think Five stats that were required to say the supervisor or like to stamp a thing more air bomb It's standing good. Let's head bitch Hammett Governor Jedb here's a fact has months to 20,000 plus over and under voter cards and Bobby County to our because the punch holes were clogged with shit this cancels Yeah, yeah that's right State losses anything with cancer must be destroyed So if you got one on your lips Call it a bit Heels up and a cancer too 567.0560 pump-access the on the 18 and T and realize the wireless line a manual recap is opposed by the Republican party of They County to the extra day brow or Palm Beach in Valusia But the Republican party of day to relax the letter late Thursday the David Lee he the county supervisor of election and says There are need effects that are proof presented sufficient to show an era in the initial vote tabulation Or in the recalpect of effect the alkaline election local chairman Mary Ellen Miller wrote Probably fade around the catch all those dead voters again The few members of the Cavishing board will meet Tuesday morning consider request lady and two county court judges Lawrence the King and Miriam Lair are sit on the board Lays said the manual recalibrated could turn up additional votes for any of the presidential candidates the 10,000 seven hundred fifty balance in question maybe two under votes, but they also may be hanging chads Lee he said I did nothing worse than having hang in Chad this like popping up a bad road I got hanging Chad God and they it's like hell During a manual recalibration workers would inspect the ballots and look for any kind of markal invitation on a ballot He said any suspect ballots to be sure to the Candacing board the Candacing board would determine by a wall Whether it is a voter not Lee he said if the Chad is truly hanging There is no question certainly that is a vote It is whether there might be a little indentation but no separation those are the tough ones to figure out And all this crap about wow was good for the country what's good for the country is that we have a fair election And that everybody gets the ultimate opportunity to have their vote count That's what's fair and the person or anyone the election should be declared the winner That's what's there and this bond is rushed is campaign they got going on now is enough to make you puke Oh, yeah, wouldn't you know it's the former German of the RNT to the Republican National Council it's on the lying again about the Chicago butterfly ballot liar liar Ants on fire it is not the same They keep using the same old argument that we just credited like 24 hours ago because they got nothing else Just like Carl Roe tried to give us a song an answer about the Jews in the blacks and how much they'd love to have you can in Palm Beach County Good one Carl Here's a mobile and Margie. Hello. Hi there. You know yes, sir. Yeah, I think we got this time Rotor games. Yeah, voter game good. So real friend You know the people's rubber down 80s because they're just that early But how does folks think it that's those are an exit polls right? Uh-huh. It takes them on people leaving thinking they voted to go right? What does their vote go on this tells you by every single one of the networks had their exit polling Sure they'd go with the way and then the head he quote it's like I'm ever very specifically on NBC They said well, there's a we the reason we had a change up projectors because of irregularities in They'd county precinct Yeah So they had a make a change Well, and look it takes a lot longer for those dead people to vote So they don't start their mental well. Yeah, there's slow in their ponders And we scream at him to hurry up and they don't pay too much attention. They responded good They're a little stiff 560 50 50 50 50 on the 18 and And Verizon wireless line mobile and Delway D cello. Hi, I'm okay one time. That's called it by listening to the doctor's like yeah, okay I just want to point out the most of the Republican spending holding games Baker Say that Teresa before our human rights or elections is the Democrat. Yeah, the only reason she's a Democrat is because she decided to run county Why she was a Republican before that and she would I mean the public in before that she was a Republican I'll look in it. I add another thing it pushed those smile themselves into this thing You know about me on he's got a pass to the gas because There's a lot of trouble. Yeah, okay, okay, and he's that'd be up against it man. Can you imagine Stealing the election by 327 votes and then go in the next. Oh, but we got a mandate Yeah, you got a mandate. I I don't wish him on us, but I all know swoosh it on him Because he's already bewildered and be fertile. He hasn't got a freaking clue The only problem is you already see the package of fascists that like James Baker all these are they they're going along with it It's a package deal Then I think I'll take a pass on that if we can Here's a lady in Boker hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi You like you said I'm in Brooklyn town because of the disability I would specifically able to go to the pole by voted asking people right everything they asked me to do actually correctly I said every little car box a cab I put it in the appropriate In the low or in the low right I'm not overseas. I'm in the county. I spoke to the election submission Office three times yesterday they assure me not only was my vote not received but not counted She was very full been about this by the way. Oh well got lost in the mail You know, I've never had a girl to have gone company a cable company not capable of her So it's a woman ballot to elect the president just a few years It's I can came very I decided to have gotten my vote in a car people today and they want to go for gore And as the American citizen I'm a bit I want my vote counted if push it's worth a candidate How would you say he takes a money you know off to well, you know speaking of the post office I mean we haven't heard much about this today, but there were allegations that was in Pensacola That there were personal employees who intercepted a whole bunch of absentee ballots And we never really heard what the allegations were which way of ghosts But they're looking into front up their impensor color with absentee ballots so so you know when you're doing what the post office is kind of like the intermediary Who knows where you're ballot wound up? Because it's not your own because it's a discrimination again I'm this is disabled I can't get in there to vote. I want my vote to be counted I want this remedy this is inexcusable Where am I right in the American good luxury dark? Thanks. Okay. How do you like that? Thousands and thousands and thousands of people black Sandy cap Just ordinary one of the middle guy and horn hell they work I'm just reading I'm reading stuff Here's a website that has a list of places nationwide who are holding pro democracy protests that want to clock tomorrow Now that we have the holiday weekend here G w bush dot com W w w dot g w bush dot com Has a list of those places also in the opening article on it. There's a link it says Wush is quoted saying almost nobody voted for me, but I still won Yeah, he still won because the fix was in before head ahead of time And not only that but his brother told him that he won so that must have made it so then I made it so yeah, there's a brother told him you won Here's a lady in Miami hello Yes, man. I guess I just want you to be aware that I believe that talk on Harris and Jeff Bush a little bit more than working associate really yeah My dad Let's just say I know okay, and only point out to you that as you're about a half hour goes the last time that they had to report from her up there in telehancy They're still saying they still say they only have 65 out of the 67 counties because evidently they're not counting Penelis, whether it was like a 40081 votes wing and they're still saying the margin is 724 or 7 something and All the other networks have got all 67 counties when I got up this morning They had a lot kind of at 327 with everybody knows but for some reason they continue trying to use those numbers as a Part of those big push to brainwash the public let me call you something the public is not brainwash The public knows what's going on and if they don't do a rebound in this state Yeah, you are going to see co-pusting but you have never Yeah, and the hip and in this governor he better. They're gonna write him out of telehancy in a way You talk about a recall campaign. He better get on his high horse and head of West or South You bet okay, sure. I'll be a lot. I'll be a tough if you bring the feathers Yeah, man. It's so blatant So they've got somebody up there in telehancy who is doing this in a biased way Reporting the numbers in a by-twist and thank goodness for associated person one time We can thank the media because they're getting us their numbers. They're in this pissing contest This you can be first and of course Fox even with their ultra-right wing numbers They didn't do the same thing putting up whatever numbers they like but then they find they had to come around with the same ones as everybody else 327 And That's why yesterday when I'm watching her press conference and I'm wondering where does she get the 1784? That's the same number that we had after it before the recon started and That response was well, she has the coincidence. It's not eggants. They hadn't changed it They're leaving up the big the bigger number as big as they can because their plan is little Psych game with the public. I'll see if nobody is closest there saying and let's just get it over with I mean, I'm and this is like Jesse James committing a bank robbery right on television Right in the middle of a with the what's his name John Wall standing on the street corner There's no better way to describe it. They're trying to steal. I mean, we talk about banana Republicans about countries where they have all these election stolen like Haiti and everywhere else Third world countries right now. We're like a tenth world country And I guess what the Nearly 50 million people in this country who voted against George W. Bush I'm gonna sit back and put up with this plan and I hear a lot of the people who voted for a bush They want to see him in this way Here's Kendall. Hello Kendall Hey, yeah, sure. Hey, thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making awesome I just wanted to touch on a subject here real quick to you You started it just to talk about a little bit that the Freedom of reality American voters right now. I want to Republicans really just stop for a minute and think about what they're doing Okay, and but more importantly I want to take a second to apologize to the people of what Tom for what they're going through right now I've got I'm from up north and I've got people call me all the time What's wrong with those crazy idiots down in West Palm listen these aren't crazy idiots down in West Palm Everybody has the right to get out there and vote and I want you guys to think about what you're Compassionate conservative George Bush you can do and how compassionate is it by making people feel stupid when they go in there to the voting box You know, I you gotta think about and but the problem is that exactly what Republicans want they want low voter turnout So I have been and if they think about it people should think about when you're think about when you're back in high school When you're back in grade school and you're gonna go to the blackboard and do a problem that you don't not a feeling you feel stupid What do you do you hide you don't go off in that exactly what they're playing on right now is that these people next time They're I can go nobody wants to feel stupid and you shouldn't have the ignition Do a chance that you're feeling stupid when you're going and doing something so important as voting for the leader of your country That they keep telling us that we ought to be doing Exactly Okay, another real quick for me. Okay, okay, is Is I can't believe what did that people really haven't come out with this Same it is that it seems like there are Republicans are saying since there's no easy remedy for this problem if There is a problem you do the rough in the state then let's just find hands over I turned back the other way You know, just give us a kiss Well, I think the answer is no and have a great day. We're not gonna do it 257 at 560 Q a It's five sixy Q a m 455 W M by heavy for blood or nail of these lead broadcast groups HM W Q a m dot com with a water oh Boy, it's the one to two hours This is great to be dispatched with this in Bobway lecture's U S on democracy In Bobway has mocked the confusion surrounded in the U S presidential election result offered to intervene and help break the deadlock Information minister Jonathan Royo told BBC radio for on Friday morning that the standoff was a Florida home in the highlighted Information fundamental problems in the US over how to run free and fair elections Made the Africans and others should set observers to help American deal with their democracy He planted the embobliies polls in June were condemned to slaughter by international observers who cited violence and intimidation before an actor direction Here's the fact that we'll you know, I mean just the fact sure anybody can mix up but I'm just reading it for what it's worth It says I know first hand of a full rock ballot box in the library building of North Miami elementary school There's a preaching that is predominantly black my wife a teacher sought their last evening at 5 p.m. I thought you should know Library building of the North Miami elementary school allegedly a full lock full ballot box I bet it's the one cheering to 20 seven votes and it's really good No, no, what are the such a bombs rush for one of the such a hurry? It's a highly Mac clearly is served in case you hear other numbers elsewhere We should remind you see it end is using both counts compiled by the associated press in Individual Florida counties on occasion numbers released by state officials and tell acid will differ Yeah, they're different because they're holding them back because they want to make the next they're never aware They're always higher you know what that means But that's psychological warfare game that they're playing right now the brain washing of the public or you see it's not really just 300 and some 700 and some wow, I'm impressed You know, yeah, they're digging their own graves the way that they're doing this So they're so transparent so obvious God Here's a column from the New York Times in Guess who wrote Adam Kleimer now remember you know who Adam Kleimer's much remember when George W. was up there on the stage I think it was in Wisconsin And they were looking out the audience in and changing did we live remembers Mike was over oh You ask him Adam climate the New York Times. He's our real out of big league ass of all yeah for sure He's really yeah, yeah, yeah, immediately asshole Well he likes to comment that it says president could be pickled off Florida December 18 the day the presidential electors are to meet and could be stayed capitals and the district of Columbia They produce a political crisis if Florida 25 votes are still on this view, but the crisis will not be constitutional scholars say for the Constitution enables a president to be chosen even if a base day like Florida does not vote Some commentators are suggested that the election will be thrown at the Reference Republican control hospital presented as a Either girl or bush gets a majority of the 508 electors for whom American voter on Tuesday But the Constitution requires only that a winning candidate have their evotes of a majority of the whole number of electors appointed If Florida votes are not resolved by then or if a legally straining voter bars governor jab bush from finding a certificate Listing Florida's electors and Mr. Gore has enough votes from the other states to reach a majority of the 513 electors actually afforded In either of those cases or if either Mr. Gore or Mr. Bush gets Florida's votes the House of Representatives will have no role in choosing a president Other than participate in January 6th year, I'm only counting on the votes in a joint session with the Senate The time gaps between actual voting and let's roll college meetings congressional certification of votes and actual inauguration We're dictated by bad roads and an era when it took president John Adams 17 days to get to the White House from Boston in 1800 In fact the four months provided in the coach era were shortened to 1934 the railroad era, but only to 10 weeks inauguration day was moved up from March 4th to January 20th to reduce the heart The Ohio eliminate the lane dark period in which the administration either ending voluntarily rejected by voters continued in power I'd be like that So if Florida gets tossed out by a judge and they rule at the election here was unconstitutional That gets it down to five 13 which means 256 would be happy already got 260 and Oregon would be 277 And even if they should though like like Iowa seven that's still makes it 260 Or even like yeah, I don't even put a combination of a couple of men there still not this bill 11 and in near So Okay, where we gone here's the Fort Myers home Yes, sir All right, maybe with all this information come out now you can get another key chain out there I would talk about the big lies the night for bringing up that business with the doctor you can in 1996 You know this thing goes to court. All we ready to do is that chart to show that little spike Right, that will do it Not think a girl really blew it during the campaign by not responding to these big lives I mean, you know when when Bush can get up there in the debate And constantly say That a go a claims invented to internet and calculate or no all of these I would say they're so boom But they are the fact they'll call him a liar to be safe and it was on and no and on and he never responded Now if James Carvele had been there in the beginning and that's his mistake not getting a dog that would really come out there and bite That would have never been there you could not use those terms doing it the way and he couldn't have planted those lies which were over and over again, which we know where that was Perfected right Telling the big lies, you know, but Little celebrity here They're not don't take this really serious that I was watching them They throw a memory in the white house Presidents and Bush was up speaking that's from a president Bush and It was a quarter of a lot of it and he has plenty of he's gonna have to get out there. He has 1115 flight to Spain I'm thinking He's only just right there, but maybe he had a bag of ballots to take with him Yeah, they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're fed actually and back Okay, thanks for the good news pal. Yeah, but quite safe. She's only got one I'm okay come down. I mean the duty whatever you name is pop up The presidential historian a moment canceled what became it's been saying about Kennedy seeing the 19th century election from Nixon because of the voter Probably Illinois. She said on the very show this morning That presidential is still in lady whatever name is that she red Nixon's memoirs this morning The Nixon said he didn't contest it out because the elective votes a member would not have one of the lessons Which is correct? It was Illinois and Texas as I recall You can't ins comments or horseman in addition to which course mission wouldn't have admitted in his memoirs But as they pointed out his people were stealing votes in southern Illinois while the dating people were sitting back and we were even saying how many you got? Because whatever you got tournament and they did and okay, we got a few more That's how it worked Which of course, you know, it was interesting for history and for debate and arguing in fun and games But has nothing to do with what's going on right now Once an expeditious but thorough Conclusion with the process all right, I think I'll with the group campaign today. Okay. That's what the group people are saying they want an expeditious But thorough in other words get it right 8 minutes after one at five 60 WTO That's the new one 2000 Good with Vex Music Store near York Best of me 2000 with brave life So Paul Jones you got a new nose that Norman pass me And who could forget the needle Rogers keychain with great sound effect It works the lotion in the basket That's the American market Oh, the time was classic The rest the Evil Rogers 2000 run 40 5 6 uium We can't fight you, but she is just a pair. We look in all over and it still exists. And Trudgy Junior, would you ask she, so are you a player to fight up? That you fit all of us, you are a rubbish-damaged kid, a broken party. And you touch the position of your son, but don't wish to fight you, you can hire one judge, you can turn it, check, slender, piss, and shpard. For Trudgy Junior, would you ask she, so are you a player to fight you, but Trudgy Junior, would you ask she, so are you a player to fight you, and you can't fight you, yes, it's a piece of shit, so much, so much you can't even touch you, so much you can't even touch you, so if you can't even touch you, so if you can't even touch you, one for three to five, six, three, that would be a few, here's a fact, the world mocks his America squirms from the internet, got the quotes from newspapers all over the world. But here's the one that I find really interesting, Iraq, which had previously dismissed both the American presidential candidates as equally pro-Israeli and hostile to Iraq. The ex-adultist aside of George W. Bush, it said that the lay in an assembly result was a Jewish plot to control America through Al Gore. Oh, how do you like that? I was at Iraq, that said that, or James Baker, I'm not really sure what's from mobile books, right? You see, all you really have to do, I'm sitting here doing the break, and I'm taking it to myself, just to make a look at how desperate the lies are that are coming from Carl Roe, and from the Republican Jim General. They keep repeating the thing about the Chicago Butterfly Ballet. It's a lie, it's not the same. Coast for not one fairly close, but I really all like that, closely, not a match. And then the lies about the Buchanan vote. See, if he just takes numbers, anybody can play games with numbers. Oh, they got this many back in I need to say, yes, and they'll be public in primary. Not in the presidential election. And when you take a look at how many you got in every other county in this state, every other one, bigger county, smaller counties, any county, there was nothing even close to the 3,400 votes he allegedly got in Palm Beach. And then when he looks specifically where they came from, and he also the people from the party itself from the reform party, saying, this man's for a crap. 337 voters registered as members of the reform party in Brian Palm Beach, Calvary, and we're supposed to believe that over 3,000 other people hoders for a Nazi like Papu Cannon, and not only that, but they were mostly blacks and Jews. Is anybody believe that? No, I don't think so. So they continue spinning and spinning and lying and lying because like I said this on Tuesday, they think that they can talk them themselves and do winning. Number Tuesday, and at all night long, they were talking about how confident they were, and they were getting ready with the big celebration, and they were preparing. And now they're preparing their transition government. Not quite so fast. Slow down just a little bit. That's our suggestion to you. Who are your horses? Slow down just a little bit. Here's a mobile and cross-playing, so. And yeah, I do it. I'm doing it. And you're with them, man. You're at the back, you're right. I need to use guy who did it. Okay. But listen, give me your number and a few signs. Do you remember a movie that could look stars your close personal friend, OJ, since it's called Chapercorn 1? No. Okay, in this movie, they stage a TV set where they stage a new landing. When in reality, no one had ever left the earth. No. Oh, there it is. This is what's happening now. They are staging what appears what they want to appear to be a presidential election. When in reality, no one's demelected. It's all being done on television, just like in that movie. Anyway, the other thing I would like to say is, thank you to every thinking one of you leader, asshole voters. Right. Now, my words, if all 97,000 of you in Palm Beach County, for example. Right. For trying to turn our country into a country like France that has 1,726 different parties. Or it was real, where any time they need to decide anything is insignificant. It's just running for dog catcher. Right. They have to appeal to every little faction on factualized political party that has two members in their kinetsis. If you think it's bad that our politicians have to kiss the ass of the corporation, just wait until we have too many political parties, and they have to kiss the ass of these Christian eyes on those over here. Okay, pal. On tight. Get that passport. Did I say 97,000 of votes in Palm Beach? 97,000 of votes in Florida. 52 of it in Palm Beach. You see, that's also what they're clapping their pants about. In fact, they had fun with their people. So that last night almost in tears. Second, we'll do it. They had not a relationship in Palm Beach, which was what it was. In Palm Beach, we know that those, I think it was your kin and while the sudden was born again, born again, fascists. After we got bitched out on Fox. We don't always take the vote for Gore. Yeah. Well, that's what it goes when you try to run a fixed solution. Sometimes it boils up like you're first. I mean, everybody who voted on Tuesday, if they're going to have a revol in Palm Beach, they should be the ones to be allowed to come back and vote again. For president only. Or of course, I say, president, all they have about the case of the, yeah, I would say also, and we're disputed the results like Elaine Blument Clay Shaw. Here's a lady mobile on high earlier. Hello. Yes, hi. Yes, man. I knew this is such a embarrassment to the state of Florida. We are just, yeah. What's just happened about it? Oh, they got her. She was in high earlier. The least work in system. We're always in the, if there's any person is country that's bound to be on the front pages of international newspapers. Take it from me. This is the place. Let's see 110, 218,600 in the popular vote. All I talk about how well we have always two and a half million votes in the, it's still 218,500 that goes ahead in the popular vote. Now, what they're all is this. It's El Gore's biggest talking point that Joe Leaveerman and I, Well, what the hell was that that they just showed up there? With 56 out of 67 counties in it. So what the hell is that? Wait, let me, let me go to a real network. Just one moment please. I can't believe what I just saw there on CNN. That can have to be mistake. Let's pass in the county. Goal one that won 39,000 votes. As a computer recount showed, gold gains 62 votes and bush gained 36 votes. Rowered counties. 588,000 votes passed in. Yeah, they picked up one. One in by 139,000 votes, but they're looking for net gain in the recount and they both gained. What do you think? What number is box again? I guess it's right around here. One moment please. Because I can't believe what that number I just saw on CNN. Maybe they decided that the AP number is bogus or that they're not going to go with that. Let me go back. One second please to CNN. See if they still have that 700 number on this screen? I don't know. They're all over the place. Here's a mobile info lottery. I'll call. A-0 and a-l. Okay. I got a couple things. First thing if you saw a bush, you start celebrating in pop-abursions. Write them. Yeah. And the winner reached there was by home. They're strategic at my room ready in the right now. Right. That's a great idea. I didn't back in because it was a sour group when he lost. Absolutely right. Now if try this one out. I took it away and we want it back. We're confident that this whole thing is about keeping quid in the right house. Could if they dried out wrong enough, they keep this a bill in there without really. And it becomes a big dash of that rolling giant on Capitol L. All right. That's a number they have again. Oh, there's not feeling number that way. I think only G.S.S. is quite, 520. But how do that number cope? Look at 520 bucks. That's pretty weak. But again, that's because they keep doing these things over there. That's the other nephew. I guess you got a video of that. It's a wait for a lot of years gone. And we'll get this done right. Look for a geocustella on the QM plan for now over 2 and other 38 minutes. At least six co-station in the proper beats service center on the south-bound turn. But I could land it for about, with our best in the LCDs. Because that key change of t-shirts for prime parenthood. We had 46,430 bucks for either today. But it gets that damn thing going. Get that baby and gear man. I think that's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. But I think that's a good thing. But I think that's a good thing. But I get that damn thing going. Get that baby and gear man. Here's like war. Hello. Yes sir. Have you actually seen the official, now back to 327. Sorry. You actually seen the official sample valve upon these. You sure I have it right in my hand. Or if you see an resulting instruction. Under voting instructions. Yeah. I have that here too. There's number 4. Vote or pages. Well, I mentioned that. That's in it. And if you vote all pages that would just qualify your ballot media. Because if you don't get one point, we clear. Right. It's in a legal balance. You're right. I've pointed that out earlier today. Okay. It's clearly quite in the... You're legal. Right. Thanks. See, vote all pages. You can't vote page 1 and page 2. Can't do it. Because that's the same way. And this is why this. I mean, they keep pretending that they don't understand the difference. The presidential candidate. She said, oh, I made the name as bitter so the old people will be able to see it. Or crap. They all have to be on the same page sweetheart. They're all on the same page in my ballot and Broward County. They're all on the same page and everybody else is ballot. And the other 65 counties we said Broward and property to the state. They're all on the same page in California with a banjo underneath. Alabama. They're all on the same page. You got 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 names there. No problem. Same page. There's one dot next to each name. That's the way it works. Very simple. One dot. Not the little dots stuck at the middle between one and three. No way. Sorry, but wrong. Wrong. Unersetable. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi. I think that not only was the ballot in Palm Beach County, but the entire Florida vote was illegal. And has been for years, not tell you why. Okay. In Florida, statute. You can look it up. Section 9. 101.28. State. That's the minimum requirement for a voting machine. Is that a voter can vote for only as many candidates for office as he is entitled to. And no more. This has been on the book since at least 1995. Every voting machine in Miami is not in compliance with that law. And the basically the election is the part of the ruling of the voters here. And at least 1995, and I don't know why nobody's done anything about it. The public has their dumb. Well, the fact that we heard that 50,000 ballots were put on in Broward and in Palm Beach County in 1996 is just testament to the fact that this has been going on for a long time. Absolutely. And then the boy, okay, thanks. You can look it up right on our website. 101.28. Requirement to a voting machine. All those four to statute, four in statute to run there. Good job, Erica. It's usual. You'll want you to come and you can meet it for yourself. Well, he just started talking about this. They can't do anything right. There is nothing we can do right. We have dead people who vote. We have elections if you're in favor of it. Vote no if you're against it. Vote yes. Everything that's done here is to confound and confuse the voter. And I'm going to say it again. This is the most important thing of all. And I told you this before the election. I want to talk about embarrassing with people and you got to get out and vote in part to participate. And it's so, you know, the countries in Burst by the low voter turnout. They don't want you to come out, especially the Republican. Because if we have a big voter turnout, it means minorities came out. A lot of women came out. It means people who are more likely to vote against them are going to come out. We have an a leader's government. Government by the very few of the very many. That's the way it works here. Not for the people of the people. That's a lot of book. That sounds great. We're just more enduring than ours. I hope that our friends in the Bush campaign will join us. And our efforts to get the fairers. And most accurate vote count here in Florida. No, respect for democratic principles. And for the fundamental precept of our constitution that the people should decide requires no less. No, I think as we move forward, it is implicit for all of us and all those concerned that we carefully measure all of our words, recognizing the high stakes involved in these deliberations. Secretary Christopher and I would be happy to have the answer a few of your questions. Okay, William Data campaign, Chairman. I'm 27 at 5. See, come on, get some dead people from Chicago. They'll bring a land on it. This is 5.60, UAF. The New Roger Show, sports radio, 5.60, you a fan. I'm dying on the way. Coming to the theater in New York. The legend of beggars and don't feel like you're going to say, for you hit that tiger or fly stick. You're good. Matt Damon and she'll never seem to be poor and well smith. And it's most heartwarming role ever. All you did enough for those can go to the top of the ocean made it's legend. A beggar fan. Coming to a supermarket in New York. To lean on on mile 11 points. 11 points. 11 points. 11.31 at 5.60. Already two from Sandy, and we were ready for a football answer this weekend. They want that show with the mad dog, five o'clock. Jody on Gene night from the hierarchy of six, the Calgary flames. You're the face of the fathletes. We finally found a team that maybe we can do. Thank you. No. 7 o'clock tonight. I pre-game 7 put a game time and then the 80K after the game. With your warmers on the abalance. Here's a lady mobile and cross-playing. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, Neil. I'm okay. First of all, I'm from Chicago originally. I grew up in the daily era of 7. I was never old enough to vote when I was there. I remember the big, the big voting machine. Mama always took me. I was a school holiday. I remember all that. That's what they need. We need a national holiday for a lesson. The other thing is, the gentleman that called earlier about when Lincoln Bears Ballart was on with Larry King. Well, the opposing people was Robert Lexler and that who brought up the, you know, were not in Cuba here, you know, Lincoln. The other thing, what's for pointed out is, there was other things that were going around that figure that 14, 15,000 dollars and 96 that were thrown out. Lexler said it is not that high. They are misrepresenting the fact that that's how it's holding something like 7,000 that were thrown out for over punching. Not 14 or 15,000. Right. And the other, I just thought it was really kind of interesting because he also printed out. He has a thrown out that Chicago ballot in a daily space and in just the Jackson's. Both who are registered in Cook County, who vote in Cook County. And both of them that they've never used for presidential elections. It is only for judicial elections only in the country. And even when they do that, they have each way, Sean, a shepherd page. Right. And he said, there need to be specifically said, they keep saying this thing in Cook County. It is basically he said it's father. But everything, nothing to show you how weak their argument is. And they keep repeating the same rise over and over again. Just like the business about Buchanan and how, you know, it's great support. He's gotten Palm Beach. I've got pages here, stuff from the Buchanan people from the reform party people saying that it's a pilot craft that he has no support in Palm Beach. I know. And I can understand it. Has it been any decision today? I mean, I thought the recount was definite by hand here in Broward and down in date. But it has been okay. Yeah. No. No. It's no. It hasn't been okay. You're talking about the Palm Beach vote? Well, no. I know that the recount one percent of, you know, the one percent in Palm Beach and in Son Ellis. But I guess the paper was saying this morning that Miami date and Broward had not agreed to the one percent we count by hand yet. No, no, no, no. No, I already read that. They're reading and the meeting Tuesday morning to decide whether they're going to go along with or not. Oh, okay. Because I hadn't heard if they had been to the position yet. And the other thing I need to ask you, did the number change? Did it go up to 500? No, no, that would be it in the school in a while. I think they were showing, you really have to be careful when you have the audio down. Because if you just watched the video or something from the past on the yesterday, it's 327. That's okay. And that's what it did. No more counties to count. Okay, and finally the last thing. I don't know if you've been listening to anybody else. But we listen to you. We turn off for an hour and then we go to Randy. We're one of the probably one of the few people that can pick her up down here. Oh, Randy. Well, let me tell you Randy went in at 3.07 on election day and started saying, I think I voted for Pat. You can. Of all people, Randy Rhodes were saying, She's like, she's breaking. She's saying, I don't know if I voted for Pat. You can. I may have voted for the socialist. I don't know. I just don't think I voted for Gore. Oh, I don't think. And she's not over the edge of 100 yet. Oh, no, she's my age. But, and as soon as she said that her phone started ringing off the hook with people saying the same thing. She said yesterday, is they have any doubts that we waited here in Florida until after the result we're in. Fine, I will take the court. My cake saying, I three or seven, I started saying I voted for the wrong person. Wow. Yeah, like it's one of the lecture now. Good luck to us. You know it, me. I'm sorry. Bye bye. I'm looking at the editorial and the hardest morning, Palm Beach vote. It said Mr. Becana received more votes in Palm Beach County, 347, then anywhere else in the state in the least, seven times as many as you thought can be, which has twice as many voters. Also, most of the Bcana vote came from heavily democratic precincts, where many Jewish residents vote and where his arch Conservatives politics are reviled, reviled as in, yeah, makes him on a breath that is correct. But the page, I'm going to say this one. This was on page 22A in the hardest morning, and shows that this Palm Beach protest spreading in the people are matter in the hell in the air, want to pay, which I don't blame them. But at the bottom of the page, and it shows the shit, given got a map. The shaded areas denote precincts in which Patrick Bcana received, votes far greater numbers than it didn't fly into the rest of Florida. This is a map of Palm Beach County. And it documents the fact that in heavily black areas and heavily Jewish areas, this is where most of his vote came from, like the editorial sense. Obviously, people would tend to vote for Al Gore, but were confused by the illegal and misleading ballot. And when you talk about probably in the neighborhood of 3,000 votes right there, then you begin to understand why James Baker and all these other assholes that can't be used, why they're all in such a big hurry and given the Bums Rush. They don't care about bringing the country together. They don't care about, you know, you'll vote, and about the people tower to the people all that vote. What they want is they want the King to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue now, given the keys. The furniture is on the way, the moving band has been called, they want the keys now. Of course, I'll answer it. No, they've invested way too much money to stop now. No, that's true. That's true. And you can just imagine the stuff going on behind the scenes, the oil companies, the NRA, the tobacco companies, the pharmaceutical companies, and the wall streets and the crap are dollars down 134 plus points already today. And if they ever submit the damn thing past the time on their internet and asses, that's actually in the crap or two, if they ever put the damn thing on air, got 113. Because the big money interest don't like this. It's looking at it, it's certainly look real bad for them. Because their hand picked boy, the man is going to help them, pollute the environment and rape the public, and continue with those record-breaking profits. They're not too happy about the prospect of him not being able to see those goddamn alerts. This is 560, you AM, you're a staff! She won your hide in the miracle worker, despite her handicapped, she left behind a lifetime of achievements, and now with the discovery of rare audio dates, found in a face-to-face somewhere in New Jersey. Death Jam record makes available to you, Helen Keller, saves the blue. The tears of recording, from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out a pound of sound. Whaaaaaah! Whaaaaaah! She wore her ear, had her very pregnant, and got 1-800. Whaaaaaah! Order now, we'll get a bonus gift for two men, by Barley Madman and Johnny Ray. 144 or 560 over to QAM. They're talking about the overseas, the F&T balance, and it was a one of the 530s rule for Muslims over the 1567s, well Helander, Zelgin, while anlt was willing to stay next to K. while HQ feels uncanny and it is really vital to use those short-dt terms for Legends orFC, so, after T Brahmin erected at 223 K&C, were they relocated to St. Chris 12-700, Baker Yeah, so that cat woman Karen Hughes Mm-hmm. To this guy. I can't even turn New Zealand. Don, Evan. We're going to send you back to the farm. Uh-huh. And then who's the other one? Well, Rose. Come on, Rose. I think I have a Robin Wood's. Yeah. Here's a question for you. Where is our attorney general? If he's standing on his hands like he usually does. Bobby butterworth? Yeah. He's a Democrat. He's a state chairman of the Grand Campaign. I know he is, but the same as he is. As much as I can't say, I don't want to make excuses for him. But he can't go with the overboard here because otherwise, you know, it puts him in a position of being too partisan. Yeah, but Neil, he can't be intimidated up there in telehancy either. I mean, if he's sitting up there and it didn't just be what he was saying next to Jedby comes up to Jedby. Yeah. So, you know, he's easily intimidated. Well, if the number of absentee ballots issued can be counted as you pointed out at the beginning. And I think this thing in Pensacola is huge. If he just gets on it. If the number, they can be matched up all those ballots. Those are match figures ballots. You should be able to match those up one to one. With a person, should you? No. You can't? No. Well, where they are, they are a secret ballot. So, when they're taken out of the... Well, once they take the, uh, tear the top off at top part and they put that in the, and then you stick your ballot in the empty end, they have no idea who voted. So, he can't trace if he has some a bunch of them in Pensacola. No. Oh, you're talking about that. No, they can't do a trace that they have to do. But as far as the ones in Palm Beach, I mean, they can trace the districts that they came from. Uh-huh. Because they, they know what, I mean, the precinct that they came from. Because they, they know what, you know, with precincts during the men, they have people record that. And that's where Jedby can say, well, this is obviously inconsistent. Sure, with the voting pattern, these votes were attended throughout the world. Really? Well, like, for instance, you said that there's the numbers that they mean. I mean, I, you know, I haven't said that, but a lot of people all have said that. And the thing possibility, in fact, maybe there's a better possibility that happened than they're being a revoked in other relations. Is that the judge would say, well, based on whatever proportionally we're going to give so many of these votes that will go up. Because it's obviously what they've done. But the thing is the number of asking he down ballot set are issued to people. They do have to have those lists. Don't they? Well, if they have a list of that, I'd like to tell me how come on the election day. It went from 250,000 early in the day. So, a half a million to nine o'clock in night when they were saying, well, you know, there may be as many as a million absolutely balance in Florida. How could it go from a third of a million to over a million? And nobody has any idea how many there are? I don't get that. And to that, that's where the fraud is. And that's where the trail will lead to. If the attorney general, that would be am blue. Okay, well, tell me, get some skills and get with it. To set them up at a slope to go and get his ass on it. But you're like an airline selling like 6,000 seats for a plane that's holy, you know, a seat of 130 people. Something to do that? Oh, I forgot you. Especially Mark O' West. Where's... Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Me or are you doing? Okay. You explain why 90% of the voting people went from the CEPA mode right and only 4% of a radical left wing just got it wrong. But more on it, less on there is there. We go, that was very good in my holy offense. Moranic left wing has got a wrong. Hmm. So I guess the people who voted for Gore or need her who got it right, they're not Moranic. Only the other ones who got a wrong amount of Moranic. Hmm. I'm trying to finger that out, let me go. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah. The law says that vote twice, your vote is nullified. Hello. I'm listening. So what's the point? What's the point of one? If you're a governor, you should not vote. Uh-huh. And what about the people who voted was intended for Gore or Montfort because it was that I've to do a voting twice. I've talked about the law. It was voted twice. Yeah. Well, no, 19,000. You're calling people down. It was 19,000. It's not 1900. I love the people that you can tell in their voice. You listen to them. And you can tell what rocket science is there. Oh yeah. You all boom. You're a dog smart. Not like Fredo. Yeah. He was smart. Not dumb like everybody said. Just like he was there. 1900. There's another something on it that I think you'd be looking to mirror. It's kind of like you and others. Oh, you're on your 19,000. They don't need the 19,000. I mean, they're going to look at that, obviously. But there's certainly more than just in maybe cannon vote. And the bogus you can't vote, the black and Jewish be cannon vote. Just a notion of to get go to the election. And I don't understand why anybody will be so hysterical about a orderly, full recount. Whoever won, let him win. How do you be an example? If I can find them, I probably won't be able to find them. I've worked out numbers. World one Oregon by his head. I say he won. I hit by about 62 other votes. And then Wisconsin, he's said by about 5000. And I were 4900. Out of millions of votes. And there's no recount going on there. Yet, but if you need to be, go for it. Do it. No matter who you voted for, who you'd like to see when, let the person who won the election become the person. That makes sense to me. On my time, I check my calories. Do I make sense to me? This is 560. 2AF. The Neo Roger show. Sports radio. 560. You a. Why do you first, Dean? I've hit up the election officials. Left you confused. Here is your guy. To understand, have a guess your vote. In our beach county, Florida. Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started. Shall we? Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmohsd. Who are you voting for? I'll leave him. You see. Now, read the butterfly ballot. Starting with Bush, Katie, and the left column. You can, and Chickal, grower. Mangala, I can win and grows in the right. Where's our rhythm over there? There's chicken sky. Yes. It's just a guy who makes my baby food. No. Now, simply, punch a hole in the 1959. You would have actually kicked punch sky. Wait. Yeah. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. Okay. Is that it? No. Okay. I'll punch you again. No. No. That invalidate your vote. All right. Yeah. I'll punch you again. And then. I'll punch you. You will. What would make you? What would you be? I'll punch you. I'll punch you. You'll punch me. Not a ringle, jeep. Remember, come and as if you was a living word. Exercise, you're right, double. In accordance to the little brother. One 55 to five, sixty w to QA, and I've forgotten mention this today. Very embarrassing statistics. We're not that we're not already embarrassed enough here in Florida, but even more embarrassing. New York State, the polls are closed at nine p.m. We closed at seven here in Florida. except in the panel the cause of the eight. But because most of the state is seven. New York state, which has millions and millions and millions of people, had every ballot counted. Everyone, complete county before one vote was counted in the big county. What is that, Turner? So, yeah. We just a little inactical, just a little bit, something weak. Of course, you see, you can't have as much corruption. You can't have as many dead people vote when you do it like real fast and complex that. But when you drag it out, then you see really what number you have to come up with, then it gives you a better opportunity to call on those dead people. Make sure they get with it. Here's a mobile and Margate, hello. Neil, God speaking. Neil, first time one time. All right. Hey, last night, Letterman, he had a top 10 how do we like the president with? I can go real quick. Hello, how much money? Okay, number 10 registered president inmates to vote. Number nine, having common president go into churches to ask for vote. Number eight, have a dead senator, one for senator. Number seven, have a senator, one for vice president and senator. Number six, give homeless people cigarettes to get out the vote. Number five, an ounce, you're a pollinhead at DWI five days before the vote. Number four, he posed open three hours longer in the heavily democratic precinct. Number three, get news media to announce exit polls wrong before they close. Number two, can't get the stains out of the overlap of the carpet. So leave me in combat in. And number one, wait till your candidate loses and complain you couldn't follow an arrow that points to a circle. That's it. Yeah, week, really week. Do you think Letterman did that? No, no, it's very week. Another good minute, so here's what Laterdale, hello. Hey, I knew I was wondering if you knew anything about that CNN town hall meeting in Florida tonight. I have no idea. I'm kind of the serious. I'm sure in Palm Beach, you know, they always go at the same of the crime. All right, thanks, buddy. Okay, yeah, how come we didn't see?