I'll just show you a F. They're talking to you all 5.67, all 5.60, toll free and date and grow. Or, 5.60 on yourself, all the opinions of Neil just guest and colors. You're not necessarily represent those of the B.C. Blood Gets where it's back. Advertisers are agents now. Now, here's Neil Roger on 5.60, QA now. Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo. Oh, there's no need to see her. We under votes are here. Can't believe it. We're the name of the world. We're the world. We're the world. We're the world. Hey, Ted's a valid all the way from Puppy County. It's a made-up. Other hearing from New Wake up, Albert once a recount of the ovens. There's a oven. There's a oven. There's a oven. There's a oven. There's a oven. There's a oven. Five. The key will be. The oven. The oven. The one. The key. The oven. The oven. The oven. The oven. The oven. The oven. The oven. The oven. Oh. Can I want it? Five, six. The WQM. Happy Monday, Tuesday. Because on it just goes on and on and on. Is there any end inside? Oh. And if you thought that the judge saw us as one of my favorites, I love that guy. Sanders saw us up on the young County. If he thought he was going to roll this morning, guess what? This afternoon, nothing before noon for sure. And sometimes this afternoon, he'd be going to say something. Anybody out there watching this crap this weekend? Oh. I'm also watching a video that's often kicked serious ass of him. But for yesterday, or at least pound the wangers, 82, 30 net or they have had this lose against their dick. Whatever it was, that's basically all I was on. All I have to are after hour after hour. My ill one worried the sum it all up. Terminal. I mean, so freaking pancreas. And wouldn't you think I mean, I know is all I'm sure notice. Wouldn't you think that both sides could have come up with better witnesses? God, just pathetic. And speaking of better witnesses, the one good witness that I thought was pretty good job was judge burden from Palm Beach County. And the audience was right, we were wrong. Although one so much that I was wrong, was that you keep hearing the media make mistakes. And then you start repeating it. He's not a Republican. He's a registered Democrat to judge burden from Palm Beach. So guess what? I'm just going to be a good witness. But that's what I thought because the media can't get their hands together. So the world is going to come at least past noon, okay? At least the one from Lleon County. You know, for the first time in ages this weekend, as matter of fact, it was yesterday, the Miami hero was imitating a real newspaper. Yeah. The last time we did it, how many months did Lleuswood and it was over a year ago? I mean, the biggest birthday on the airport and all of a sudden the airport. Remember that? Oh, yeah. And everybody said, wow, this is really great. And then of course they went back and we were back to being their pan during horse crab cell. And then here's the day they had a big expose on the, of course, nobody's going to care about it because it often is, you know, or can then treat a kick to ask again, and it's probably going to be a super bowl. But anyway, injured trust, paying her does part of the game in the NFL, but many golf and say the team has gone over the line in recent years with holding medical information and pushing injured players to return to you soon. Really, really, really, really, really. Including Jimmy. Anybody remember Jimmy? Huh? To the Johnson? Oh, oh, dead meat, old news, old hack. But anyway, that was a great series. And on the front page of yesterday's hero, which may be even a little bit more important than the Dalton, they did their own study on an analization of the election results from across the state of Florida. And what their conclusion was in a flawless boat, growled with wind by 23,000 votes. That is assuming that all 185,000 ballots that were discarded meaning all the end of votes in the over votes, if they would all been counted growled at 1 by 23%, and even if 90% of those still were discarded, he still runs a state by 14, and then 14, 3 votes. And they also had a, you know, this was in the Sunsetment. I don't want to give it a hope so much credit. Sunsetment, I'd a nice to expose there on Mayor Pinga, Fakania. And he's basically shot himself in the foot. I saw their Alex because like, well, my team is, I gotta say one thing for him. Besides the fact that he, he does a good job of beating up little kids in the higher area. He's the one thing around who's got to stop on it. And he's absolutely right. With Alex Pinga Pagania, everything that he does is strictly about Alex. That's all he cares about himself. And he showed once again his enormous political cowardice, because he doesn't want to offend you or who. You're who he gives him on a little fan. Damn. Robert Leadier, one time of several local politics, I don't know what it's worth giving up your position in the national leadership to kiddo the Cuban Americans in Miami-Dade County. The reality is he's got to grow somewhere from here. He's terminated. And one of my favorite quotes was our Michael Putton yesterday. They had a panel through that big fat guy from New Times. But anyway, the court was, well, Mayor Pinau says, the mayor's of the other county's Palm Beach and Broward didn't take any position. They were out camping for the candidate. Yes, what mayor, Pinga Pagania, this Palm Beach County have a mayor? No, this Broward County have a mayor? No, no, no. Oh, they're confusing with the fact. Yeah, so, for what it was right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Correct, to the point. Chris and Lee's dead. Once again, I got to hand it to the Humper. Now, you may be crazy. You probably even know who Chris and Lee was. Jackie, no. Great Jackie. Well, that's a part of time. Did you know Jackie? Almost. And also had a problem. Yeah, in fact, what did Chris and Lee have in common with, oh, yeah, he had a little bit of a nose problem. But anyway, you might remember when Hank said, because he was writing he wrote that the horse, um, critic, he was mad at it. And it says he misled him the triple crown on the horse, and then he stood in the building on six, pull up just passed the finish line with the broken leg. And Lee jumped off immediately, held the court, and he was like a proletter in the ring of life, except if it's so long and so the horse is right. But anyway, I remember Hank saying that he was in the elevator with Chris and he had a good stream, and he didn't, he had that look in his eye. That far away, look up, because he, you know, had been away from the racing for one time of the bad drug problem. Now he found dead somebody beat him over the head. And of course, he needed right to judge me of the beat that was drug related. When you say, it's probably done related. That's what I would say, even before we know anything else about it. So Chris, you haven't been here yet, and once again, the hump or I think had a stum on it, in that case, transit. That white powder will do it for a baby. It'll care sooner or later. A pair on Friday, and we would have had a lot more votes, except that our website was down for about 12 hours of the weekend. Did you know that? Yeah, I did not know. Well, at least 12, maybe 18 hours. But anyway, we still got a thousand 85 votes. The election in Florida was who gave it to three choices. As honest as any other state, only 177, 16, little over 15%. Wow, but only by accidental events, 211, 19.4%. 696, 664%. So the Florida election was, I am a bit sicker. Oh, and I got a great product. You know, I'm a kind of torn weather. I should promote that or not, because if I do them, it won't be in public. Happens every time. Remember, your big or big stank right start promoting it on here. And then they lose the players. Yeah, Boko Borgers, you can't find them anywhere. And I got a product for you. I don't know if our friends are delighted. Killed us. You're not going to really be on the beat. Of course, people run it. It's literally to be seen, which is fine with me. But great product, which I'll talk about in a second. Here's our fourth question for today, as we're sitting a waiting at what is it saying? I'll say it in the middle or waiting the ruling, because the judge said, He's busy counting or something. And no matter which side you run, you got to head to the judge's because this guy, he's a panic, is what he's a great. Here's our fourth question today. Is it finally time for our grrrr to concede? Yes? Or no? Is it finally time for our grrrr to concede? Yes, you know. I mean, it's the fruit of fruit in December already. In fact, it's a three days away from a month past the election already. And we still don't have a guy named President elect. They still can't get it fixed right. One or the other. Eight minutes after 10 at five, 60 WQX. No question of the scorer. No degree for the scorer. That would be a special information. No, no. We'll learn these who got that fruit on the plate. And offer the stockings. In the middle of the day, this is the year that I'm going to get smart. Yeah. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. The holiday is francy has already started. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. The future ever can't be nothing so proud. And push it and make a shutt of your thing so proud. Not on your life. It's not a thing so storm. That's what I could do that in one. I'm going to let the F-wing and shop for life. And I'm your life. Where that bunch of nishen there above. And I don't have been in a holiday ever. I can't make them proud and be the type. And I'm your home tonight. And for the team at five, 60 WQX. You know, the thing in Seminole County, the hearingers are Wednesday. I know also that the individual style in Seminole County, you know, all the absentee ballots thrown out. You know, the more I think about that, the more ridiculous it is. Not acceptable. Now, George is giving me a look like a blank see. It's not acceptable. How about the thousands of people, about thousands of absentee ballots, who voted legitimately in Seminole County? They're not right, but they're not. They're not. They're not. They feel out all the action to be balanced. Yeah, they didn't. During that may or other lessons when they found that the dead people were voting. No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, I want to find out that there was a rampant there. They're right. Because there's no way to sort between, you know, which ones are legitimate ones ones are. But it's not. It's not right. It's not acceptable. To show out thousands of cases that now it's beyond repair. Because this state number one doesn't know how to hold a Russian. Number two, all of the furbys. Can you imagine all the billions of words, billions of words that have been spoken in these last almost four weeks, now since the election. And I would say maybe 50 words have been spoken. All of them that was put to get it, always talking it. About the fact that this is not the way to vote. Paper ballots have got to go baby. No more fruit and paper ballots. And during this trial and the on county over the weekend, they're experts at guy who invented who are upgraded to the machine. And the guy who invented it, they were quoting from, this is something from the Stone Age. And about well, make sure that you clear off your chair before you put your ballot in the box. What kind of crap of that? Clean your chair. And we're not talking about this. If nothing else comes out of this election. Because you're never going to get done right. They're never going to know who really want this thing. I got a pretty strong opinion about it. And so many of you, I'm sure, are most of you. But the fact is, we'll never know for sure. It's broken beyond repair. And then we got this one answer over there in Calier County. It just happens to be a busher campaign manager from Lomanzuri, who comes in R1. He's filing soap to get all that to declare the hand recounts on constitutional. This is the same candidate who three years ago signed a hand recount to protect this bill in the war, which the Republican there. Yeah, I actually have to kept that silly. You read it every day on the year. The Republican running for the state legislature challenged the results, the man that we counted, got it, was by two thousand boats. He lost actually a few words in that after they finished the recats. There were a whole bunch of different ballots. They counted every single one of them. Everybody, all you divided nobody said, Oh, this is ridiculous. No, it wasn't. Yeah. And that was okay. When Republicans want to count them of ballots in Texas, it's okay. But if you want to do it in Florida, because it is an expedient and doesn't fall in line with what they're trying to accomplish, then it's bad, let's show it out, and hand recounts a bad. Normal, paper ballots, no more voting in the snow age, because if this is really as important as they tell us. If this is all that important, is the which one of these guys is going to crush our money down the toilet the next four years. Then when you think that it would be important enough to maybe get it right? Oh, no, no, we don't want to do that. But again, like I said, right, this is an area of famous for asking your questions to try to trick the voters. If you're first something vote, no, if you're against it, vote yes. It doesn't look a rocket scientist if you're at the vote, they put something on the ballot like that. They know that they got a Chinaman's chance in getting their passes. They put it on their right, so they put it on their cock eyes, assuming that most people will understand it, and more often than not, they get their crap through that way. But it's supposed to be so goddamn important, no more paper ballots, that's what everybody ought to be screaming about, and no more crappy candidates. I think it too much response last week when I talked about the fact that they're democratic party is really rather down badly, and of course the Republican party has been taken over by the wingnuts. We've got to have a meaningful, not-a-rath native, a meaningful third party in this country. You've got to have a real choice. This was the most prophetic choice, and then history of the human race, for the worst possible candidates, you're going to just open up a goddamn friend and pick four names of random and better job than these four. Here's what's Palm Beach, huh? I know. Yes, sir. You know what she can do in Seminole is a fashion of remedy, quote unquote. She can say, the Democrats didn't get the fix, say, 2000 ballots, so I'm going to subtract 2000 from the Republicans. She allowed to do that. But anyway, that's not what I call about. No, that's not going to happen. Well, it's been done before. They can afford to vote for years. But again, it's guess working. Well, yeah, but how can you have one side come in and say, I understand that. I understand them, but there's no legitimate way to-there's no legitimate way to fix it. Without throwing out legitimate votes by people who we did vote one way. Well, I'll let my cheek at say, well, I'm going to allow those Democratic ballots in. No. She could do that. Yeah. But anyways, you know, it's with me in Friday, and you know, the police said he would deeply disturb by the, you know, for the court's action. But you know, he apparently wasn't disturbed by the fact that a county could have one day to count, you know, 600,000 votes. You know, that didn't seem to bother him at all. And, you know, what the court, court said was, you know, the right to vote is part of the court, or the constitution. And he will have it can flip with that, is, you know, by definition, on constitution. Do you have any idea how many times they could have counted all the votes? They could have counted the state votes 15 times during all the time that they're having new hearings and all this testimony and all this gruby of their school and not, they're members with no. At least we have some idea of what number they were going to come up with. All right, but who's got fired? You know, the Bush-Might. Well, of course, because they're afraid to fight out. They don't want to know. Well, just remember that, you know, this is a pretty important. This is a lot of the same people that said a state could tell you what you couldn't couldn't do in your bedroom, you know. You know, if you stuck it here, that's against the law, you know. So, I don't know. I don't know if that on that hopeful, but we'll see. Okay. Hang on, tight bound. I'd like to ask five, six, seven, five, six, eight. Pound five, six, the only 18 and 10 runs and whatever's one. So, we're waiting to see if we get any calls today, which you don't look like it. I discovered in just by accident in public yesterday, where we're making accessible yesterday. And the peer-related other call you, do we over here from him now? Because I haven't paid to talk about this because I don't know if our friends are delighted to like, kill each product or not, if they don't, they ought to be killing them. Carb solutions. And I took a look at that. They've got the bars, you know, like the apparel bars, and they're like, have three carbs. Or I think one car provides, unlike that one to three. And they have the shake mix, three to whom play this. And they also have like little bottles of stuff. High protein drinks with only three carbs to the entire bottle. And I looked at the ingredients and didn't have any of that sort of a towel or mouth of a towel. All right, another stuff that makes you snap your brains out. No, another towel, another towel. They had to have another towel. None of you about it. And so I bought some of the shake mix and I bought some of this by protein weight. Took it home. And this stuff is great. It is sensational. Carb solutions. And I look on a bottle and come to find out that their manufacturer, at least distributed by Richard and Lads in Boka. How do you like that? So maybe I can find a place, maybe I took out a two free number on here. Maybe it was in Boka. Like I said, I'm not looking for free. I know, of course, with middle for free. But I'm, I don't, I don't know about free. What's all with that? Because I'm going under liquid dyed right now. Because I lost 95 pounds of the protein's growing fast 25 years ago. And I discovered the only way you could pot skew mine with all of this stuff. You're going to man, everything was in weight. And here we have all this IBS and good, and all of a sudden crap. And clean up my system is by going on some kind of a liquid thing for the most part. Because with me, I don't know about you with the more I eat the more I want to eat. That's not just cut behind me. So I could actually have a, like, a little bunch of burgers or steak or something like that. And it makes me hungry then I wasn't the first place. Carb solutions. Fantastic. And now that I mentioned running, you don't go to public slave alarm this afternoon and you're all be gone. You can bet your bottom dollar on that. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'll look like you're still real, right? So listen to numbers. Some of them. What? I don't know. Look, look inside your, uh, back to him. Yes. I think you might find a few. Five, six, seven, five, six feet. Pound five, six feet on the AP and clean. The lines are wireless lines. Here's a mobile and full auto deal. Hello. Hey, no, no more. Okay. That's good to hear. I don't know about everybody else, but I see much of a leaf through time to bet. But there's some reason I keep thinking to myself now that I didn't clean off my ball. Well, when I was putting it in the envelope, so I don't even know if I got the right boat in now or anything like that. Not as you mentioned it. But over the weekend listening to that trial, I bet the most interesting part of me, which I haven't had, um, that, uh, expert on about the ballots and how we said it should be changed at this time. Now, it's funny the way it's judged, you know, with acting about the whole deal. And, uh, he said, you know, they'll talk about the yellow ballot as opposed to the real ballot, which is harder, which is softer and stuff like that. And making the dimples on it. I just thought that was very interesting. It's all a bunch of crampers what it is. Yeah, this is not the latest conduct in a luncheon with my paper ballots. It's like some of the even the Flintstones with the last ballot. Very true. You know, the one thing is is that they're talking about how it was processed and that's a double way of cutting this. And for me, that was terminal. But when it came to the part of saying which ballot is harder and stuff like that, that's what we're interesting because you think about it and find these characters, some people are struggling if these people put their, you know, a pencil paper. Yeah. So, let alone vote and get the right vote. You know, that's that. If that's people, then they ought to go on a hand-to-camp line, or they ought to bring somebody along with and they're pushing it to their. Yeah, it's helpful. Okay. I'm, you know, I'm, I'm getting, I'm losing my patience with people who keeps saying, well, you know, it's like those things with these black people that voted. I don't want to start making generalizations about the fact that our black people are generally pretty uneducated. But how much of the geniuses he'd take to go and cast a vote? God, Almighty, if you're not, if you're not intelligent enough to make a vote, then probably ought to stay home. That sounds like a real good idea to me. Well, that's because we do because this is the country of the dumb. If he had those touch screens, hey, here's a picture. I'm, well, just put the names on there. They're put a picture on there. Here's George W. With that stupid little smirk on his post. He's a year's that wouldn't look in guy with too much pancake makeup. That must be gold. And you put your finger on it. The guy then lean to. Touch screens. We've had the technology for years. And we're still fought in a while of people ballad with these idiots that come in. Wow, the chads have to be completely this large. And they all fall into the thing. And they build up this and people accepted because it's on television. Except that this is a sensible way to have an election. I guess you're out of business today, huh? It's Monday. We're back to the usual again. 560560, 560 on the AP and P and Verizon Wireless One. Ladies and gentlemen, hello. Hi, how are you? Okay. You're pushing. I'm at the process anyway. I hear you say I'm at the same. That means. Because it's going to go through and whatever happens, we can't help, but I'm not bad at you. I would be push or leave with you my friends and the matter will never happen. But I guess if we can't help it, we can't help it. I'm not bigger than you think of that. We can't we hope to see that the media may grow in the sector building. And we are put online along with it. And I think the man has been there for a few years. The fact is, he was just practically candidate. Why don't you admit, he was a leading candidate. How was the fact he was a leading candidate? How is it? The fact, I wouldn't tell you what it was. The fact that he was running against the moron. He said it was that Clinton. The car she was, he has a personality like a dead man. Right. Because he's got a credibility of Jesse James. He's a person of the fact that he's unable to relate to the people. He's non-human. He's non-human. I mean, it's ingenuous. But I think that I've got to be candidates. And I put an even worse running mate. Okay. So she wants to go back to the election again. Let's start all over. I'm not going to do that. No. I'm not going to do that. I voted for him. And I like I said, I voted again to Bush. The Democrats couldn't have picked a whistle candidate. If they were to try it. If they were to start to be for the election, said, okay, we don't want to win this time. Let's pick somebody who can lose. They couldn't have done a better job. That's what a weekend he was. The proof is in the pudding. Week. My little dog has got more personality in one part of this man's got as a tear body. Well, he got this. I just accroced it about him. And he's great compared to the Libriman. So what does that tell you? And you wonder why they couldn't win. Fine. We have 400 open lines here this morning. Are we on the weird? Oh, I didn't think so. Five years ago, we really didn't want to get the transmitter off. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Ten, twenty, seven, a few way in. Henry, child ends coming. Kristina. Come on,ub. 13. Are we ready for your take this morning? The January end. Dear lord, in this rush over Badman, I have goneац to His size. You are carries a picture on me. The lad who has come to the cupboard. This is a deal they get at his right. Since wew here the market, we will already take care of you. ...in short to another quarter. Or cannot get thriddling he 사람들. I'm a little bit scared of the whole world But I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world But I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world I'm a little bit scared of the whole world Where I'm a little bit scared of the whole world And when I'm pulled away And when I'm the only one who'll feel me Every time I see auiten it falls But I got never heard of it Comment consiginň<|mt|> El踴och bcountry All you need to do is that it's a little close. And you can be a leader, you, who's all. And for the year five, six, we've got the two MSC with that thing in several counties. And then hearing you got the group people saying, well, every vote's got to be counted. What's the problem? What are your freedom? And then the Trot Allows votes that of which thousands were in legitimate. The only rational way to solve the thing would be a declare for the election in Valent. And then, of course, where would win if they didn't go beyond that if Roger said you didn't immediately screw in to name a bunch of electors. You sure what, and then, goes, got the majority of the remaining electors vote, and then he wins the election. That's not going to happen. But anybody who thinks that we had a valid legitimate real honest-to-got election flow that is on drugs is on answers. Like that pet cadela were on answered good time. But it didn't really. What am I getting excited about? 560. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's my me, douchello. No. Yes sir. You have two things to do. You have a system that changed. And let me just say this before we talk about the system. We don't need no Eric Lindrauss and mommy and daddy Lindrauss on AT&T. Nineteen girls in three games. This team is a scoring machine. We don't need him to come up there in school bar chemistry. Absolutely. the only thing they'll get is another concussion that will be able to get in. Exactly. Two of the old friends are here. You know, they're looking at signing them on a competitive wonder contract. I hope it doesn't have. They'll let them show you something in the van with no way. They think they can get in the contract and they don't need them to have more. Anyway, Leo, elections. Two things I've got to say, one is your system seems to be working. This is a close election and you're going to have these issues of contacting the ballot's conducting voting, the what should count, what shouldn't count. Yeah. You have to let it play itself out. And you know, you have people in this country don't even vote. You know, what right today have to complain about the system when it comes. Yeah. The public loves complaining. It's one of our big hobbies. Well, I mean, you don't have to. Number two, I think, is complaining. Well, and it's a video circuit. Look at, you know. On the other hand, you got a big problem in the system. We just have an election in Canada that we could two ago. Right. I can't believe that in this country they allow the results to be broadcast in certain areas before the polls are closed. Yeah, because they didn't say because the media rules are open in certain times. Yeah. We have a law in Canada. You can't broadcast results in an area where the poll is still open. And in Florida, they were broadcasted. They were given projections before the poll is closed in Western Florida. Right. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. You know what they should do? They should be everyone should vote one day. They should not call the votes up. They should go on the polls to close across the country. The next day, either clock and evening, time, the media can have their show. They can start counting the votes. And it won't prejudice anybody to vote. I think we ought to bring Peter Manzburg now from the CDC. Let him get a result. Everybody will follow sleepy for it's all over the world. Well, you know, what you have to after your anchors in this country are coming in to the United States. I know. You know, but it's, I just couldn't believe the fact that, you know, you still allow results to be, If we have was computerized, you wouldn't have that problem. Because the minutes that the polls closed, they press a button. There's a result on a computer. And then they give them to the media. They put them on in that official. Those are the real results. Why do I always get a hand job business? What's the hurry? You guys, the president of the search serving took two months later. You need to know where to count. You know, for computer right now. But if you understand the network's manager, we got to be number one. We got to be first. You can put a simple excellent appallet people can count them quickly. You don't need computers these days. You know, it's simple can work. But we don't have all those educated white people on here watching that up there. Well, you know what, you've got people who are sure to certainly quite confident of making a process work. You know, England, they don't even have accounts. They only got a final count. They don't give you progress of counts. You know, I do hear or and can't. I hear the Queen Councilman in England. Well, you know, I want to say which Queen. The Queen mother, some of the people. Okay, now go and let's go. Take it easy. You know, yeah, but especially tonight. I don't think we can probably take it again to Panthers. And I want to give you a hockey cup, but since there's certainly things we call, you notice what I've always told you. Papa Gander from the organization. Both newspapers this morning, both of our make-believe reporters on a hockey be David Jane, you're at the hairls, Michael Wilson on the Sun Channel. Just clearly said, we tonight today are writing the Rodden, New Year Mara propaganda in the community organization. Oh, and the fans don't understand. He's a, yeah, why? We understand he's getting over $2 million a year and he's got three girls in generally speaking. He thinks to join us. And for the coach of this team to come on after the game, you have a night. And make the comment that he's the most valuable player on his team this year. Papa brewery's got 15 freaking girls. I've been paid over $2 million to be on a checking line. How are you, kiddin' Terry? Is he kiddin' anybody? No, I don't think so. So I kiddin' me. Every year they try to take them, course they didn't try to pedal lead a mile into the public for years now, since the beginning of the organization. Oh, this is going to be the breakthrough year. And then they stop with that line. Now he's got real players going to be on a check-in line for $2 million a year. You're not fooling anybody, whether it's Chris Wells or Peter Excuse me, I'd expect the drill out and say Louisville or Robin E. Tomorrow, the organization ain't even fooling these fans with their five wins. God, am I getting worked up for it? Maybe it's just a card solution stuff, huh? Then we get any F3? Oh, did we hear from Peter Leonard yet? Then we hear from our friends at the lights? So we know anything about their stuff. God, this place is just, you know what those places? It's a great league all over the place. That's what it is. You can smell it. Oh, and you can see that here in the business, our match made in Portiteree, oh, yeah, perfect match. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560, and only in the Fernando Republic, then he, only in Miami. Hey, little popper, what's the deal? Making like a right thing, how do they feel? A little proper popper, a little popper, a little feel. And how are they to be there with the luck you see? Do you know what that is? Oh, the way you know, check the car, what the fuck? A little pinky finger's gonna get you there by. Not all the governor and get a free car, but you're gonna tell me about a place that'll actually go on down and down. There's all the shepherds in our world. There's all the shepherds in our world. There's all the shepherds in our world. There's all the shepherds in our world. There's all the shepherds in our world. There's all the shepherds in our world. There's all the shepherds in our world. There's all the shepherds in our world. She said, I'm not gonna even identify that with a response. Five questions today is it's finally time for our good to conceive. I won't tell you right now, I voted no on our good day, but I'm getting really worn out for more of this. I am. It's a happening. But it's not even fun. I mean, all day was happening, even always in period because we were here together and we were going to get a walk. But it was in a way it was kind of fun. This isn't fun. No, it's not. I'm not even a place that it's nauseating. Of course, you didn't watch the crap over the weekend. I unfortunately watched ours over the weekend. I wish I had those hours back. Nobody's for more. I'm not pondering. Except for the judge, he judged his way. And yes, they had that statistician on there and the Democratic, I can't think of his name. I wanted to look just like he, he doesn't really look like Bob Eisenberg. He was like noodles from the adult noodles from Montenegro, Montenegro, and America. Remember him? Will he orange here? But anyway, he was getting psychotic. In fact, he was pretty psychotic all over the weekend. He was pretty good. And you can try to ask me a so-called bush statistician, I spoke about if he had done an in-depth study. He's the statistics study on the Holson-Date County. And he kept trying to ask the question and accept objecting. First it would be the bush mower is would object and then cats and hair is lowered. That asshole would object, so clean your clock. And then finally the judge got his experts. And okay, hurl on hold on. And he turned to the statistics witness. And he said, okay, I'm going to ask you a question. Did you believe that the physical study of the Holson-Date County? And he said, no, okay, thank you. Next question. Yeah, those judges are no men. That's why they got done last night. Finally, according to the law of an o'clock at night. Thanks to the goddamn judge. Here's what my result. Anyhow. Yes sir. I just got your keychain in here. All right. All right. All right. Yeah, let's go. Yeah. Yeah. About this, I want to ask you to ask you the question that you've got to listen to. Can, about this seminal county that. Yeah. The, the action key ballots that were the applications that were sent out. They were refilled by the old out by Republican operative. Right. In the in the. In the crash, would they disallow from doing that or just not told us they could do that. Do you know what situation is on this. There was some democratic applications to the flow now. Right. Yeah. Is that like the 40th of memory, the protection of the law? Of course it's not. So, not question is, I don't know if they might actually be about. I've never used to it. But wouldn't it, wouldn't it be, or not, the answer to the balance of the greatest way to fix the election. You're going to learn more about them. Or is it possible to match up, whether they're told that all of those are possible to match up the application. So, well, that's what they're trying to do. That's why they were requesting you to solve the initial hearing they had with that black lady judge up and then I'm telling you that. They were asking for the computerized list of the names. So, they could match them up with the applications. They'll find out how many thousands of them were really bogus and how many really write a match real people. Well, I wonder if it's a person who filled up those forms could they pull those forms out and imagine with the accident, the accident, the photo ballot. Isn't that accident? Be sorry, and also, that's not a good name. A pot of these accident be balanced. You should only have to have a ballot in it. Without a ballot. Not an accident. Not an accident, valid itself. But it's done in the form that's come up. Hold on, Angela. Yeah, I've got to see that. They don't say, Angela, you just like when you vote in the arena regular person. They case that little grayer. That's what the group people are saying, too. Just what he said. Arshmit. That's a good thing because that's for bushpeb films. We're going to have all those people killed if you do robbing. They're not killed with just a lot of chemicals. Okay, let's get the money right on the track. I'm the train to camp. What is with the Spaniards? We have 75, I don't give a crap of it one day. Is that an excuse? I'll be sorry. You've saved your job, say you've got damn miserable note count. Wonderful folks. Now they suck. This place no wonder we're going through all of this in Florida. With Ali on and with the mayor ping at the king and with all these guy damn crooks. And the public down here, all they give, I don't even know what they care about. Nothing. Nothing. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, five. If the world is laughing at Florida's usual, they will laugh at others doing Ali on their Always laughing at us because this is a guy damn jutsis state. And don't come with that son and that's about the world. If you're so critical, I already live someplace else. Okay, but I'm here because I need the money. Believe me. And because the weather ain't too bad this time, we were pretty nice as a matter of fact. But under that, it was. Here's another course spring, so. And I do. I'm doing good. Couple of things first of all. Um, yeah, did I hear you say, you have good? Yes, I do. Have you ever been tested for helicopter back to Pyrlory? Yes, and I don't have it. Okay, because that's the easiest way to get rid of that. Another thing is this, this election is a wizard vile election. We've got the two men who's looking for a art running against scary, looking for a brain and we've all unfortunately gone over the rainbow with it. Right. I'll say hi to Dorothy, okay? All right, you do. Ha ha ha. Say hi to Dorothy and the wizard. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pond five, six, the honor we did get to our polries also. If you finally kind of round what a conceit is our question that they on the oranginess.com, 100, 100, six votes already. Six EH, oh, and at 54 percent and 37, say S 35 percent. See, I think basically that's all we got left anyway. That's pretty much the composition of the audience who we have left. And we've had a lot of questions that I ask the grow our people are going to, and you know, they're going to like about 21 over due to bush people. And as far as getting that children audience back to, or do you think forget about it? They're not coming back. Okay? No, seriously, because if you don't agree with that hard line, you're hysterical at the same thing with the old Jews, and as you were in junior women, and the same thing with the Cuban and Castro, I'm getting tired of it. There's a special, as an epic toilet this time of all those professional ethnics who look in a crap about the place where they live, all they care about a someplace say they're 90 miles away or 6000 miles away for some other book that they don't care about here or the rest of us. And that's why this place is never ever going to work because it's never going to change. And all this plony about, well, you know, as time goes on in the old ones die off, I got known for you. As far as the so-called senior citizens, it seems like there's a factory somewhere they're snapping them out, and as the old ones die off, they're sitting in two-moderate operation. Just like with the old Cubans, every time one buys, they're being in three more from, we've got only those where. Or let's pick it up at, a Florida Keys woman who allegedly took her or America American born five-year-old son, the Cuban without his father's son, is under suspicion of investment about 150 grand from her her employer, the Monroe Sheriff's Office confirmed on Tuesday. There's an investigation in the money stolen that the company where she worked, and she is a suspect that she have spokesperson, Bucky Abekky, heroin, she delivered the company suddenly. And she said she took that amount of money in pay for she left behind for her family. Our Linus Bianca Blanco, Tony and Anna Kielaggo, was appeared to work for her home and job at Nirvana, Kimsey Petroleum. And you know something, I don't see anybody protesting in the street. Oh, I want that kid back, who's riding over there and can't see her as Cuba. You see anybody protesting and carrying on about this broad that took that kid along with 150 grand, she's still over to Cuba. Oh, I don't see it. And that's because Armando Gutierrez and Romanceau Sanchez, no, the other ringladers, don't give a crap about this. They have a work that everybody up in a friendly yet. And by the way, that's the thing that he told me that, oh, I'm not saying anything, but all we can do along, I'm a Virgil suicide from that. But anyway, and you folks don't know what he is and you're not going to fight about. But anyway, and you don't want to know believe me. Here's Papa, no, hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, if you get so few calls, how come I got to wait so long? My every line is worth sir. Oh, okay. What else you got to do? I got three other things for you, okay? Yeah. Number one, I want to talk about something that's important other than the election. What is that? That shows great hamburgers of the Red Caboos. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the AT&T and Horizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Western, hello. Yes, sir. I do a man. Okay. Hey, yeah, one, Jimmy Carter. I was born here in the States when my parents were from Venezuela. He was there in the last 20. He was there in the last 20. Jimmy, Jimmy Carter. He's probably an entry, but a rest of his family. He was there in Venezuela talking about how important the food is. And all his other crap and what have you, weren't how easy now. An entry, like I said. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. Let's get the Booby C and they're seeing it and back in the Revenge, right? I can see about today's is that we're going to get those really good calls. I can't you hear it? You can smell it. Here's a mobile and my name. Hi, you know, hi, are you? Okay. Well, I think I'm on the verge of declaring a moratorium on. And he's a scuttle to this whole election crap and getting back to doing the new Rogers show again because I'm just spinning my wheels here. These people are got nothing to say about it. Even though I just did this phone call, I thought it was Republican, but after seeing the house, this clap on them, how they stole the collection. Even even I mean, I'm so there, they did I thought it was for that guy. And what was the big deal? I went all the Republicans who are in the wetest of the deal on having a recap of the entire state, you know, to know who is the real person. And not just somebody who, you know, stole the election and paid people off. That's ridiculous. And you're talking about when you're still, you know, one have a recap. That's the problem with something. The media is now that the people don't want, you know, and I'm like I said, I'm a Republican, but I do not stand behind the board. I didn't know that didn't you just tell me that you voted for him? Yeah, I voted for him, but after I saw how he ran afterwards, I would never vote for this man again. Yeah, he said, this is just ridiculous. You're one of the 537, I don't know. You're asking, but I don't want to make you feel too bad, but it sounds to me like you're one of those 537. But you know what, the wings, I say, what power, two of the systems point. Yeah, but you can't take your vote back. You're right. You're part of the problem. You're one of those 537, pal. Damn it. Tell me you're like that. And he's belly aching about the fact that he wishes he wouldn't have done it. Wow, there you go. There you go. Just like those neighbor people. And I see there's quite an article in the Hill that they may have paid paid by Brian, no, not that one. That's pretty interesting too, about the deadline for putting elected leaders, not to celebrate Trump. It's really January 26. But today, right, the other article by Dan Johnson Weinberger, who is the political reform coordinator for the Ralph Native President campaign. And you talk about football. He says nothing was more in Period, while I was campaigning for Ralph Nader than getting a thumbs up from a bush supporter. Keep on working for your dreams once the cynical message, because you're shooting yourself in the foot. They were right because of our stupid voting system. So how do you like that Dan Johnson Weinberger? There's another part of the problem right there. Another chicken with a word pile. Who wasted his vote on that silly old person, but I got them fanboard around his neck. God, isn't there something now? Now that all these people who are part of the problem, now they're coming out and saying, oh, G, I feel really bad now. Should have found about that about three and an almost four weeks ago. 10 to 56 at five, 60 WQN. 4 30 5 60 WQN by heavyboard Lodern. A beast is a mess. Luke, they shan. WQN.com. What a world. You might have laid down on my thoughts. I don't know, Luke, probably. Sid Jig's Chitty on a pro or severely misfigured man and performs oral sex on him until his head javes in. Great. Very good. Then she must perform delicate brain surgery during a power failure at the local venues of an anti-speak again, the fancere for the hummer. It's all unfravadent. Must be too new. How do you see? I'm the fan. If you think that's a proper age, Luke, if you're one in a clock, you'd find a sick WQN, you'd find a sick WQN, spoon your legs. The hotball will be along. Hang road bridge at two as you two. Luke, John B. in the studio from 6 to 7. Panthers at Toronto to take the play to maple leaves tonight. I'm a pretty game at 7 game time at 7.30 from the air Canada center. And you mean Tom, Sample canyers to that 645-930. We got Hurricane basketball against North Carolina on waxing 790. And then, can't listen to each other for a paper prison progress after the hockey game on, I can't follow over. Any K after all that. Run good night. We got sports up the ass baby. Back to him. You got it. Here's a call from Tampa. Hello. Yeah. Yesterday morning in the case showed up there was found herself in open court. And then, the bush to testicle guy on cross examination admitted that if the 9000 discounted day ballots were counted, or would get a net gain of 600. Did you say that? Yes, he did. And it was said that a judge saw a child to stop it. They were all judging and jumping up and down. But it came out at least three times out of his mouth that it would result in a net gain. I'm not so sure about anything. Well, because they didn't count to you heavily. They're like a little of an appricing. They weren't counting any of those. Well, this was the 9000. Oh, that was a 9000 number vote. Right. Yeah. Once it had never been counted, they got this statistical guy who had met. And these guys are supposed to know what they're talking about. There would be a net gain of 600 votes for board. And then, now you can see why this was stopped. Because there's the 600 votes. Forget about everything at all. But how about the 200 person Palm Beach County that captain has been accept? So those are the United States of T. Right. But that's a 50 to the next. I'll carry that. That was like over 900. There you go. But in fact, the similar thing the guy from Fort Mars, the Democrats, for never contacted those apps and the applications that were not properly filled about sat in the pile on the side. And for weeks, while the doors, this is the same peer spirit talent today, whether the doors, the Seminal County supervisor of elections, office for a lot of our weekend. I think for the staffers and the public and operators, desperately collected thousands of Republican-Action Tea ballots. The way they send voter ID numbers, they're actually in there for at least five days longer than previously acknowledged. This is from deposition. Right. You said that she had two guys working in the back room to a public and one of them, she didn't even know who he was. Well, he didn't even know who the hell he was. She knew what he was doing now. Yeah. Anyway, there's 600 and there's the 250 and Palm Beach, but 52 and there's how. This is the 21, the race. I think I said call the whole thing off. Well, let's just put the right guy in there. Okay. Number five, six, seven, five, six, eight, palm, five, six, six, eight, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 147 votes so far as it's finally time for our work where to complete. 99 say no, 67.2% of us audience. Do I have a Uber audience? No. No. 49 say yes, 32 and that percent. Here's a mobile phone order, though. I need a. Yes, sir. I got a plug. I like to make for you. First of all, back in 1996 in an election on the West Coast in a town called DuPore region, Pasco County. Yeah. There was a public entity who launched the election to a Democrat. Six weeks after the election, every account, every account. Guess what happened? Over turn. At dry. Right. So why do we public in so great? Why do we not? Why do we not? We know because they know they're lost. It's not. I know. I agree with you. 100%. Yeah. They lost. We know they lost. You know what? You're just going to be lost. But there's never going to be any way to prove it. Oh, don't be away. But it was. How is that going to happen? We're going to be. Information act. Yeah. But that's going to be long afterward. That's your last down the road. Your right. How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? How is that? Welcome to this internet exchange program. And it's presented to us as an online development community network model or form of a link of the English translation in the English link and need to talk to Jeff intelligence. If you don't see revenues fromglich. They ask them to Facebook to have the right to go out of it. One secret point is they go up from them going up and in it. I will show them the answer. Very good to know that. And the account, you know, they share the. the paper ballad. It's not a wee bit weak to be 40 election. That story from newsweek about the fact that they arrive at the the absentee ballads in the paper ballads because that's the best way to fix an election. It's the two lie choice. Yeah, they do two lie choice. It don't take no full of the first thing that tool. That's what Baba said. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, we got it noon perhaps. And noon we may have a ruling from judge souls. Maybe. What do you think is cross-o-hard? You want to you want to be the start counting is that it? Yeah. That would be some fun now. Can you imagine that? I want to see where this goes. Who's going to be cleaning out those toilets in the bush camp and they start to be counting? Woo! You can smell it from here. Anything that makes an unhappy or uncomfortable. The anxious one. You mean after they took away that powder? Here's my enemy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I agree with George. I want them to I wanted to run brown over there. I want them to count. Leave no stone on turns. Yeah. I don't know how people can that be outbreaks about this. Last time I checked I want to public that was able to get milk. I can get gas from our car. There's no constitutional crisis. My money is still in the bank. Right. So why in the hell are we stuck in a hurry to a non-somebody president? Yeah, what's the guy that I'm hurry for? Quite a lot of people. If we get take as much time to get this all straight now, they're not pinnest yet, then they move you to the right. Exactly. There's no foreign army threatening us. They Republicans want and they know that Americans unfortunately, they have a simple pinch attention span and they want to sneak this in, hoodlink it and a sword is gallient. And it's $0.50 90 days from now whenever the freedom movement for machine act captures up and you have people come down here and they'll count the ballots. They have the spin doctor for that. But they counted wrong. They have punctured the count with the move. They're a man. I saw they were caught on you. Right. And a while of people afraid of the truth count. Let's get a fair and accurate count. Let's say air to forget what happened here that we all know that the goal of one outright with that stupid afternoon, what if our ballots that they have in Palm Beach County? And that's how you and one thing that I'm putting on my list and I hope this guy gets paid and we tell him that unfortunately I pick with the majority so we sometimes fall asleep that they control. We gotta get this mayor ping the pecania get them the hell out of here. How the hang of that do that? Well, I think he's very good. Oh, you gotta do that whenever when I'm going to kill the door vote twice, where are you gonna do that? Listen, I may, I may who legal. Yeah. Yeah, but you're not Cuban. No, I am. I'm a bully. I'm a a a Cuban, but from far from carbon, a Cuba who settled in in New York in 1960 when they got the eggs out. We need to get the the power in here, the power of Miami, Cuba has a lot of the can I'm in power, a lot of political power. Yes, but there's also a lot of the fluids, a Cuba Democrats who have the, the harder that they're gonna hide after alien and run for cover. And it's time to to exercise control again. This happened and I just get the backbone of a of a jellyfish. We gotta get enough. We gotta clean up that Republican legislature eventually all these old pruders are gonna die. And it's not gonna happen, it's a red next grade. You're not gonna clean it up. But take a look at what you're talking about. Well, I think the demographics on the state, we now have the two senators. Okay, and Graham is pretty much a locking. Okay. The congressional district out of not how we uh uh uh uh how the Florida delegation is, it's more Republican a more Democrat. But the legislature here, unfortunately, would happen after trials, uh uh a past away here at the state level. The other thing uh we're Logan, I thought I don't know what the candidate uh uh they've run in the uh for the state half districts and what have you. But uh they need to make a consent that actually the put money in here. I don't know the DNC has had a pumping cash in here or do what. But first you get bush out. Once you get bush out then you have the the governorship you have the two senators and and that's first the bill whether uh swinging uh the other way. Not hopefully we got the nation of hope they knew we can always far back on putting the cash and you know what the demographic is they're gonna change because at the more and more Hispanic coming in every day uh from Colombia will have it and other Hispanic groups, non-traditional others and you can present the registered Democrat. Okay. Okay, thank you. I'm going to make sure they're going to go drugs. Yeah, so that out and and and this bush bastard we can't let this slide. Okay, I think it's a lot on the front but it's not. Come from the other side five six seven oh five sixty pound five six it's a mug wrong state. I mean you have a skydore on a minute. You got red Mexican Cuban. So which I'm I hate to be redundant but uh that's what you got. So right next there is a miracle a good day near one of the M thing. Actually did what it put the close. I mean you only had a steel like what? 350 thousand votes together away from that's two damn close for comfort. Whatever happened bring back in your account. You remember the work there. Kind of how did he ever get a record government mistake? I mean he was suddenly spoke with the heavy Southern accent but he was like a real hard human do many many many many many many years ago. Governor of the state. He was a great try. He was slightly in the work of a fellow on. Ten times to eleven and five and of course the only way Democrats deliver get the uh to win the government ship is it really a a pumpkin like uh you know trials or a buddy McCay which you didn't do too good. Somebody like that. A pumpkin. Can't beat that good or me. Those we see. We still don't have a play. We don't want no more sound in the day. No. But I can't hear it. There's only four of you. That's one good. Yeah. And that's the correct. It's always. It can't stop the stop. Wow. It's a little bit fucking a shit. Let's get to the people. They're all right now. This is hardy to do. Those things are bad. They're not a captain. That's a captain. Everyone go away. That's good. There ain't no sand just to say. It's a bad. If you're a guy too. That's a bad. That's a bad. That's a bad. That's a bad. Okay. Let's see. I'm going to say that. I got back in the market with all my money. With both hands and both feet. Did you get a line to your on the church? You know. You're a producer. It's long time. No. So every time I do in the market. And you give me a help. Not my fault. I ever attacked you. Did I say it was your fault? Well, you know, you always want me to do something for you. I can't help you with the market. But let me attack you now. Now I want to attack you. But I just want to say this right to you. I don't want to just say it when you're not here. Well, like when you're on the ear up there. The fact is that on the living way, you guys have been cook conspirators with all these talking heads that you threw every, you put these guys on the ear. And one guy says this and why and any of them. None of them know what they're talking about. And all this for Lonnie several months ago about the old economy versus the Nura economy. But if you guess what, we just discovered in last few months there is no Nura economy. I'm not a good thing. Well, the Nura economy was built on, you know, hopes and dreams and no fundamentals. It was built on a house of cars. These were what you're trying to say. Well, as you go. Okay. You know, hey, listen, I'm the first one to aggressively ask our guests for me. I've seen you. It's the Ozone. I say to him, hey, what do you have to turn black eat when we can see some profits? Right. And if they knew enough, me, I go after them. And you know, I've had viewers complain that you're not nice to the guests. I'm not jobless. I have a producer responsibility. It will be some information from these guests in the pay. I love that. And for doucheery responsibility, that was great. You like that? I was outstanding. Yeah. Well, how are you? I'm doing okay. Well, I came down here to help you get a burnout of hope. And I see the name that his son, 52, I said it on fire. I called my book. We should write them back and now I said, I feel I just have a gut feeling. Maybe it's my IBS or my group acting up. Just have a gut feeling that we need to reach the bottom or break close to the bottom. I want to give you the four names of the staff said for the time I'm going into one party. Okay? And I want you, I know you're never helped. But I just want you to be action. Then make a little sound. It will be unbecoming for you. Intel Oracle, Motorola and Cisco. Uh-huh. Yeah. Did he say, yeah. Uh-huh. Doesn't sound to me so if you answered, no, I'd be pleased to not be in anything either into the F to grow otherwise. You know, I'm not. How are you raised one I, well even on the phone I can see that. Well, one I brought one up in the year. I have no opinion, you know what? No, come on. My mind is always talking. How could I lose money on those four companies? Well, I'm not happy with anybody who's money on four companies. I, you know, there's so much uncertainty out there. You got an election that isn't solved. You got a Fed that's meeting what? December the day after the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the one. So college weeks, the too much uncertainty and as you know, the market doesn't like on just, yeah. And so I'm, the people I talked to say that they expect the Fed to probably remove the bias to tighten would be, but maybe even move 25 basis points on interest rate floor. Even the December they think that could happen. Huh? Even in December they think that could not get that point. You know, they're again. I mean, that's not pretty huge. I'm so the first all day and each said he thinks it might remove the bias statement, but they would need that part. Other people who think that they might actually 25 basis points, uh, there are many people who think Green Stan is, uh, gonna turn the economy in or out now with session. It be doesn't move at some point. It's any man's guess, you know, this isn't the lecture wise one. They just, you know that. Yeah. Hi, there's never I've already said, is that exactly, and now there's a quote from Ted Day that of CNBC. He says, this is intellectualized one biggest and this is the same guy who's here with my material on the year. And a couple of months ago, we're talking about the nas back. And the gigantic drop and call the tech-direct. I was, I was giving you a sitting on base to my living room that day. So I actually said that you had a tech-direct on the year and I started to myself now we're talking. I'm gonna have to say looking with the blame myself. Yeah. And I own dumb fat in the front of me. Exactly. Well, I just wanted to thank you for the nice weather day. We're on our way after the beach. And I thought I would touch bases, they say, and say, well, but don't take a person. We don't blame you. But you have to have somebody to be pissed off. That's so you must be used for a by now. You got high high high high. That's fine. I'm willing to absorb the anchor of the world. That will make it a better place in which to live. The blame David Bell, what's his name on it? What's also his name David Faber? Yes, David, we're not in any of that. Yeah, we're blaming them. They're a little spread of the wrong little bit. There you go. Okay, Ted, take care of yourself. You take care of yourself. Only $50. That's fine. Okay. How do you like that? In the two-shadowized Ross Vegas. If not what I've been saying for years. Yeah. It's gambling for shiver when it'll let you off. And I just put all the rest of my money back in the sucks and credit. Thanks for coming out, Ted. Please just don't be so stupid, I was just kidding. That's okay. How do you like to be actually getting me in my full company? It was kind of like, yeah, all right, you're going to lose your ass. I put that in trouble about zerox, not inviting me on zerox. I think it sounded typical not on zerox. I think it sounded typical not on zerox. The other people ought to pay me an act of my stuff because I have the night of such a reverse. Any stuff that I buy immediately in the tanks, as in tanks a lot, Ted. $5, $6,700, $5, $60, $5, $60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a model in North Miami. Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your calls. Okay. I want to say what you think, Neil. I want to remember that two weeks ago in the pre-incorporate for the rule. And George W. Bush, yesterday and his lawyers used in the advantage of the deadline that they submitted for the recount. And now, in another side, they went all the way to the US Supreme Court against the Florida Supreme Court. I don't know if you just interject, you want to be in court, it's not going to be getting me in the same doing that. Well, I also, for another one more thing, we is the first and last all of the time that's been going to be the first and last all of the time. And then, we're going to have to be in the same place, come clean about all of the people. I would say that I was going to be in the same place, but I would say that I was going to be in the same place as the president. So, he's given the government the power. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for repeating the same thing for 50 million times. Thank you. If you just knew, right, you could get the student that we have the same people calling the show. Every guy, then, day repeating the same, twice clichés, I'm on another patient. I know that's not the politically corrective, especially with our audience, but I'm just, I'm just about at the end. I'm just about at my wrist end. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, and 10, I mean, it's not fun. Even in a very perverse way, the area on thing was fun. Well, if all of the cancer characters we had there, we had the fishermen, we had nurse, greasy ass. We got churches. We had the family drunk. I mean, only about here is one of the candidates. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, and 10, Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Holly, would he? No. Yes, sir. I like the bush. Yeah. Yeah. Look back man, I've over the bush. Yeah, good. Yeah, he likes the bush. Better watch it, though. Sure, you asked him to bring bush. Shfort to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, and he's just a better company than music today. Now, I know, pay the day, but it's here. I'll pay a music and I'll watch the NBC. And squeeze for my stocks. The dowels of 90 points, that's not to better than theirs. I'll pay tech to tech, instead David will say, and then he's denying that he'll remember saying it. Nice one, man. That's always a good alibi. Or did I say that? The next act down another 58. Here's a mobile and watchman, hello. I have a question about that roller coaster on Shred and Street that hurricane. I mean, it's big. So can we roll that car forward? And it's not 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 0, really. A couple of days. This same Jack asked Carl's and that. And he's sorry, you don't even need to say hello. He starts rambling on about some, but I bet some 80 on a thing. Jim, some help, okay. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? I'm fine. Listen, I've been listening since the cab and I love you. It's just great. But I just want to tell you, you've been talking about the stock. And I've been in the insurance business for 28 years. You can tell you this, that the second very market or the reinsurance market has really increased the rate. And typically when they do that, is the recession on the way. Yeah. So that's what I would, you know, take a look at. So in other words, you'd tell me, I made a bad mistake by getting back in the market with all that money on Friday's, I would just say. Well, I'm not necessarily, but long time, when you see the rates go off in the reinsurance market, which turns around and the retail turns up, doubling a chip one rate. That means that, you know, since they're earning their money in the market and interest rates, that they're not going to make that kind of money. So they're increasing the rates here. Yeah. So typically that's good. I'll deal with this name talking about it. No, I don't know there. I mean, you go in way too fast to me. I'm going to have the foggy side deal with you talking about. How did you even take David with you when you're talking about? Well, what happened is when you buy insurance from a market from like, like, like, they have to turn around by insurance from insurance companies before they give it to you. And they call it reinsurance. Yeah. So when the reinsurance markets rates are raised, then, being insurance rates are here, we sell, start doubling the chip one. The business is in the trucks and autos, whatever it is. And when you see the rate doubling in chip one, from reinsurance, there's this typically always been a recession on the way. So that's what they're actually. Well, the man says, how do they know that? I don't know, but apparently they do. They're having an ultibus. They've been calling that Tiro card we do there on the MTV, is that it? I don't know, but you know, these people, you know, basically insurance companies own, you know, so much property and so much real estate and and lots of money in the stock market, so, you know, that they're not the biggest players in the world. So I would consider that they know it's the amount more than we do. Okay, I'm going home and catching the dinner in the afternoon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it. We'll pick up four on that tomorrow. Is there a recession on the way? Are we going to have a guy named Depression? Does anybody have any money left? No. That's only money. 27 after 11 and 5, 60, WCW. Let me know what your show's sports radio. 5, 60, you say. I want to bang him in the back, honey. It's a tough one. It's a fish. When they end up on your list, there you're possible on your hated obligated to go apply that shirt that you. And behind their guy, you pulled him a knee for all. It's a tough one. It's a pity. I'm just a fool. You're the one who do all year they've made like tough for you all year. They've had been nothing but empathy. Yeah. And when it flows, you're up the floor. You pull up with them the bird. It's a faster. It's the fish. What your thoughts is all you're looking. You're playing dope like what your bottom grew up. Your hands until them play can come empty. Give them the choice. A bond that gives them my boss is tickling my head to the floor. All tickling my head to the floor. Ready, go. You do me a favor. Exactly. See, there are some people who have no self respect. And other people just start making it in my like George. And so they have no one in a care. Doug road, Christmas party with everybody that's sad in my head. 95% of people in their care because it's a free meal. I like past the people that go to the Christmas party. Yeah. And the other half you hate like point. And I ignore them all on their hand. I don't want to be a bunch of crap at the game. I've been because I didn't go to his in circles. 20 to 15 wedding anniversary party. And I've been now wished and happy anniversary on a year. Huh? Yeah. Where'd you get them? My best wishes. Priceless. Let me ask you something. How many meals have I bought them? Ah, I did. You think I owed them something to give me a birthday gift? Do I give them a birthday gift? Oh no. Seeing somebody's friend doesn't mean he had to buy them gifts. Although he did say he wanted to give. So nevertheless. But he gave me crap at the game the other night because I didn't show up. Well, you should have another birthday gift. And no, I would do anything for a birthday gift. But that. Because who was at their anniversary party? Terry Murray. Brian Murray. People I despise. People I hate me. I'm not going to go hang out with a bunch of people I can't sense. Just to please somebody. So it's not going to happen. I'm not going to pass up an opportunity to take money out of this place. To get a free meal. I don't blame you. I don't blame you for that. I mean, look at that. You hang around with alcohol. Seeing, but even you do the wine that you are about to fuck or what you got. I give you great credit for that. I could not even imagine. But you didn't get a free meal from out any time without joy. Right. I don't have to be without joy. Oh, God. And where's those keys? Where's those keys? And I just mentioned the thing about the rumors because they are two of my best friends. And I mentioned that on the year because I've got a guy now who comes around. I'm sure you're listening, Mike. Who comes around and says, to me, it's a hockey game's when John isn't there. Mike, you're a nice guy and all that stuff. But see, when somebody comes to me because I have no, I'm just too nice of a guy. And so, oh, John, come and I said, no, not tonight. Oh, can I sit there? I don't have the heart to say, no. No. Because the first thing that he does is start talking to the rumors and asshole because he, you know, because Mike is a nice guy. But he's a groupie. He's a groupie. And so he went up there a lot in the hallway somewhere to the New East Hotband and set a load of him and he spoke back, hey, how you doing? And put him in an act form. So therefore, that makes the meat pop out better than a nice guy. He didn't own the reality. He's the asshole. And I guess Rimmer was either busy or something else on his mind. And he said, and Rimmer wasn't real friendly to him. So that's here's the sky. I don't even know. So next to me, and my seat, come into one of my best friends is an asshole. Of course, you're tells me that about Rimmer all the time, but I can see the source. No, not sure. So I mean, doesn't that take a lot of golf for somebody sitting next to you in your seat? And telling me that one of your best friends is an asshole. Hey, Mike, well, yeah, I got him. I get him and Rimmer land is going to be sitting in my seat from now on in visible man. Your good guy might put no, the one who is no, don't sit there. He's got a poito. What about Rimmer land? Are you going to start picking on Rimmer again just because you never bought you that lunch? He's still trying to find the money in there in the middle of the mountain above. I think he could have a check through that of her, so he said butterflies are free. Here's the lady, mobile in the grove. Hi, I'm your lawyer. Okay. I'm proud to be a Republican, and the more than I hear people clock up at this whole issue, the happier I guess. Why are you trying to be Republican because it's a trend lot? I'm proud to be a Republican. I'm sorry. Have Robertson, is that what makes you proud to be a Republican? I'm proud to be a Republican because when I hear. Very far well. When I saw the trial this weekend. And did you see it by the way? Nice shot. Let me ask your opinion. I hope you agree with this. I mean, the first four years obviously did a much better job. No, I don't agree with that at all. You think the goal lawyer is better job? I think they both did the body poorly well. But then again, I'm watching it a little bit more objective than you are. If they would have had every daily in the Johnny Cochring and body should pure Andy's guys. You're still able to say the bush lawyers did a better job. Why? Because I have no objectivity. I watched it as objective as possible. I mean, it seemed to me for example, the first witness that the Republicans brought yesterday. Or was it on Saturday? They just skewed him. They just made a judge the guy about the plan section. The rubber did they made a fool out of him. I'm a lot of a lot of him. Am I wrong about that? Am I wrong about that? Am I wrong about that? No, no. I think he wasn't the strongest person they had. I'm not a whole lot. I'm a whole lot. Including arguments. Definitely the bush team did a much better job. Because you agree with them. I'm not going to sit in an argue with you. And then that's for most people. You sit there and you're rooting for one side. And so therefore when the bush people were speaking, they were turning you agree with them. So things that we do a better job. And when they're not, they're not. Credit to attorneys were speaking even they would tend to let go of their brilliant job. But when they're speaking, you think it's a bad thing. Because you don't agree with their points. Well, what's the point? Why can't I waste my time arguing with somebody like that? Of course not. I mean, you're entitled. But first business about proud to be Republican. Based on what? Based on a $75 million tax pair money that they've forced down the toilet with that penis case crap. Based on Bob Livingston. Based on Henry's hide. Based on Dan Bruton and his original. And then Bruton and his original. Which other things that proud to make you public. Based on new language. And is dead wife. I'm going to say it again. Are you partisan people out there? I think they're pretty suck. I mean, if Republicans are more dangerous, there's no question about that. But they're pretty suck. And I'm one of the few people on this not to tell you that. They suck. And I'll say it one more time. I voted against George W. Bush. Again, and you know something going to happen. I'm changing my mind. Remember the day I said I'm never going to vote again. I'm going to vote every time from here on in which is probably only one more time to English now. And I'm going to go to the polling place. What up there up to street from me. And I'm going to vote for every gunna quiet on the ballot. Every single one of them. I'm going to look up to names. Because while you're very, part of the Republican lady. What you're part of the same for today. I don't want anything to do with it. And if the risk of shouting. And if the government is not in credit and cliched. Let me repeat you one more time. Hate is not a family value. And that's what you're party stands for. So count me out. 560. 560. 560. 560 on the 18 p.m. And brands of wireless blind. Any minute now. Like it about 20 minutes or so. We may be getting a thing from L.S. and I have to say, I like that. We may be. and I don't care what anybody says I thought he was great and of course if the you know when his ruling comes down then I'm gonna say oh I never liked that judge in a first place that's the way it's gonna be twenty two before noon at five sixty wq i'm gonna hear what Jeff Cohen said about all this stuff and say shaw now his e smart enough to keep his part fixing himself and I guarantee he's gonna be given Scott Cohen any free meals anytime soon they will be shipping tomorrow doesn't take up effort unpackingels we're here at Mel interject break up if you on my boat family the bush he won't share his takeaway You've got a prison on the right, no, no, no, no. If the middle brother, you can cover the machine. That is no problem. In the president, he's got a job. You're spectacular with a push. Who's graduate school? Here's a eighth pair for the world. I'm not gonna say that. You're the old man. I'm making jail. I'm tired of you guys. I was in the middle of the building. It's all the big cities. I'm back to the government. You feel better than I do. It's all the big cities. I'm back to the government. All that. Sixth generation. clicked the text. I think they told me they'd file at 65% CWQM. And any minute from now. Maybe 60 minutes from now. Did you see what kind of floating? No. There's the facts from saf- fundraising on Hinoiff. Usually whenaplay or goes to the debts let us in. The most things drag a music song came from around, made out of it and caught money from the constitution as there were many ways. A way to distract someone needs to learn it before the free flight. I keep hearing a lot of people saying that. Oh, if he if he just can see it's racially now He's gonna you know have no China this is no Fing chance baby this is it you think the Democratic Party is gonna make this mistake again. Oh putting up a Lane call man Yeah, they would never do that twice Unless it was Walter Mondale and Michael's the caucus. Hey, they won the Jimmy Carter I've got some man who caught Nixon. I'm sorry and just really one of them Here's a motor and sunrise. Hello You sure how are you okay? They can shake was pretty good today. They can shake I did try it over the weekend and the mistakes are fantastic You know they got a little work to do in the other stuff. I'll get it down pass But yeah, they're chocolate shake. I was a little yeah, with a little cherry on top a couple of comments Maybe you can explain it to me. I'm not a mathematician Like the What was his name the guy from Germany there on the on the list of staying in the time or timelor? Yeah, he was a little nervous. I thought I was nervous, but he made me with a call. Yeah Yeah, now go ahead to popular both by what's the margin? 100,000 stars. Oh, she had written about a bit of a million I heard that all the folks were not counted in California the F-C-C-Z and they're not gonna count them You think that that'll let me know Let me ask you this where does that keep coming from? Are they they're not gonna count them? Why is that? I heard the governor David's out there on it on an interview with Larry He said that there was no need to hear that there was no need to count them because of the You know because I guess I'll go on one by such a large margin that it wouldn't matter and wouldn't affect any races there whatsoever So I don't know why they're not gonna count but that could change the popular both wouldn't you agree? possible, but I'm likely okay, I mean another Another comment a fatal Florida their 60 seven counting George for an international which what differences that make whether it changes a popular motor or not? I'll go keep going around saying that you know he won this election And you know he doesn't keep saying that he said he won a popular vote that he respects the fact that that's not the way we like President he's there Well, what does it make? Well, I keep you know every time I hear the guy He like you know he insinuates that more and more people want him to be the president So you know if they're there for and Let me put it to you this way based on the votes to have been counted. That's true Great exactly and based on the electoral votes have been decided can absolutely conclusive That's also true, but what's the point? Okay, well, hold here for the comment Wait a minute one second again and this time Read what we say to you in these seven pages and try to get it right off Oh, my import says there is after the U.S. Supreme Court says that if you're looking carefully at the Florida Supreme Court opinion We find there is considerable uncertainty as to the precise grounds for the decision and the key question here is Whether the Florida Supreme Court based it's ruling on the U.S. On its own state constitution or or its own state laws now that's important because The U.S. Constitution says that legislators direct how electors are choose are chosen and if the Florida Supreme Court has based it opinion Not on a law which is passed by the legislature But instead something else in this case the state constitution then it could be on very thin ice cream All right, thank you very much. The go in electric touch your breath and read that decision some more We're gonna go to and be you as the same part the first yes We're going to be a little bit more The second one is an expert on the And what did I tell you you're a month's professional this is essentially which you predicted might happen They would send it back because there were too many references to the state constitution in the Florida Supreme Court's decision Tom, I don't find this to be a surprising decision in light of the oral ID and it's a great deal of uncertainty to be in the Supreme Court About exactly what the Florida court has done Just as things were suggested at the end of the argument this is a possible grounds for unanimous decision by the Supreme Court It means that the Florida Supreme Court was neither right More wrong, but it may have relied on an impromissible reason So the U.S. Supreme Court says will send it back to the Florida court Tell us again with great clarity precisely what the basis for your decision is we will maybe review it at that point Well, it's a good deadline. They're going on there is incorrect and I understand what you're trying to do And border states It says you are Supreme Court. We've received orders to think for the same year Which isn't true they said it back and said take out the look at it will go around tomorrow Which is away of getting off the hook for now about the meaning of Florida law Well, what is that not infected by the Invented alliance on That's what the U.S. Supreme Court is saying put it right back in the hands of the Florida Supreme Court and they could reach it back to the same decision Second time. All right, professional this way. I should understand why they're the talk about the political implications now within Something in the most right since we have been Thank for getting this decision from the U.S. Supreme Court in the court We're awaiting the judgment of the Supreme Court in Florida Whether or not the formal contesting of this election can go forward all of us is beginning to eat up time and one for zooms Maybe eating into the patience of the American public Tom one week from tomorrow is December 12 that is the victim that the Florida legislature must In fact appoint electors if they are going to step on this What I That this is not good news for Al Gore even though it is not a completely versatile the Florida Supreme Court It will have to go back to the force to record for further review and further action Also Tom not only the circuit court case you mentioned in the state of Florida tomorrow in Atlanta The 11th circuit court of appeals at the federal level is also hearing another case about what had happened in transpired in Florida That are going to be those three cases plus the local court in Seminal, Kansas County dealing with the F&T ballot situation that makes a total of four all Those cases are critical to Al Gore He needs to have the Supreme Court in Florida given a clear victory on this remaining by the Supreme Court He needs a clear victory today from the judge in Leon County and he needs to hold off a defeat in the federal circuit court in Atlanta tomorrow And we're very You call the ask ahead particularly on it with only eight days ago when those electors must be chosen All right, thank you all I'm going to headline down we have given people aims a chance to catch a question I have to read this decision more fully. He would also be done I think she's the headline the US Supreme Court reaches decision another case just like on election night of the media rushing the judgment and giving out goal-guess information Thankfully what the Florida state Supreme Court was up to and they cite I don't like that you're ruling in the opinion Tom in saying that ambiguous or of Pure rulings by state courts shouldn't be barrier is through a determination by the Supreme Court But intelligent exercise of our appellate powers compel them to ask for the elimination of the obscurity and the And the guillities from the opinions in such cases So they're saying it's always touchy for us to review what a state Supreme Court has done Especially when it appears to be ruling on its own laws So we're just not going to go into the thicket right now because we frankly don't know where we are and so they're saying to the state Supreme Court Try again and if you do we'll take another look at it But what they just basically saying we can't be sure exactly what the Florida Supreme Court decisions based on it Now you see what this what this world's down to if If they would have been recounting all along you see what a finished demand you'll recount even if it was only the 13 or 14 thousand ballots Then all the rest of this might be moved because then we're might have moved the head actually and then of course the bush people will be Sheena holds different tune And the group people will be singing a whole different tune, but that's not the way it is the bush people are trying to wrap it up And the group people are desperately trying to buy time I don't think they're ever going to be comfortable, but we might find that out in about 10 minutes and let me share it again Look at us now they changed their head on a third time you want to bring courts in case back to the Florida Supreme Court Let me say it for the eight billion times because you can never say this too much I need a Isick a little top god Yeah, let's not get it right. Let's just get it first and it's cooked CNN by several minutes on this released by a couple minutes But the day get it right? No, although confusing with the facts Here's plantation hello Yes, like the only real problem at the main problem. I have what's it with the recount is that in poverty county I was what would have 15,000 questionable questionable folks They found about what a hundred and 78 votes for our board In flowers in one tier of the ballots about 1500 Maybe month, you know about a tenth of a ballot. They found over 500 votes for our board In the way they came just down to determination by But who's opinion it was not by any such standard which there's no set standard and so in that case my vote Which I voted for Bush may well be overturned or there just nullified by somebody vote that didn't really mean to vote But it was there was a Department that they voted for Gore and not really a true vote. I'll only answer this. How come the drippled vote in Texas Which is Bush is home state and he signed that law how come those all counted nobody made a big fuss about it No, no wait a minute it was it was a 2000 vote margin in the race for state legislature and then Texas now This is only 537 but but there wasn't any argument every single one of the dimple ballots in Texas We were was counted why is it all clear to countermeat Texas? But if it's in Florida, well, they're just guessing they're making it up they're guessing the intent of the voter I mean either it is a religion. Oh, because they counted all the votes in Texas They didn't count all the votes here And it was somebody voted in Seminole County where what it is But isn't that what the group people wanted in the first place was a complete manual recalps in Palm Beach the date and Broward County Is that what they asked for? But in the end and they also said let's recap the whole state if you want the Bush people said no But originally after three specific counties They say no, they challenge the verb in those counties and the Bush people could have done the same thing And interestingly even a Bush didn't challenge in some of the counties like Pope County and Seminole County They still picked up 100 extra votes in Pope County, I need extra votes in Seminole County We were not asking they just went ahead and recounted Well, we're got to feel your county. I don't think it's any fair for someone else's your democratic vote to be nullified by I have And I said again, they should have recounted the entire state every every place where they had paper ballots They should have been recounted Well, I think go on Available to do that if you want to you didn't have to ask for just three counties could ask for them Every county, right? But they didn't understand them and Bush could have asked for whatever counties he wanted were he won big and Go out say it again. Go off or even though of course the law we would have been kind of touching But we'll offer to them. Let's have a recalps the Bush people said absolutely not Well, that would have been verifying the their hold. There are argument was that the Hand County can't take place after Certain state and that would have no authority in a fair. I mean, it would have made it look pretty good But critical to want to do that after they said these ballots Be ballots are really good. I mean, the middle of the country for critical would have made them look very Magnanimous as seems to me to say that even though the deadline passed and you didn't challenge Will let you go ahead and go count all the best you only throw away to do this count all the votes Have the thing before the spring court now and now back to the floor the spring court is that the With child cannot take place after the deadline and so for Bush to say will that count them anyway? It would be kind of That would tell a killer on case Okay, everything is getting a bad headache Don't continue from the fact and the ballots that they're talking about now that they want to be counted if the Mechadaboo County and care counties in Palm Beach and in the in National County and in The ones that the 14 thousand have never actually been counted for anybody They were machine counted but even as the machine experts that the Republicans the British people right on yesterday Admitted there's a more that they keep machine recounting the more that it closes up the Chad Close up the holes and the less the machine can count them And the less accurate it becomes and even he was forced to find the admit that the hand wheel count is more accurate It doesn't take a genius to figure that out And all these people are keeps creating all my vote world in counts. How do you know that? But we certainly do know these 14 thousand votes so are gonna count if any of them are valid because nobody is worth it in yet It's all Crazy Because you live in Florida and this day can't do a goddamn thing right and if you don't believe me just work it if you're in a car right now Just look around you Just look at what's going on out there You Look at out the game. Green out the game. Development of Fathure Street, and Green out the game. The only age that you can get. Christian reaches an all day. It's just right. You're not pulling any anymore. It's in the favor of every day. They're not catch after the rest of the world. He's already entitled with truth. The adventure is so free. Next time you want to reach out for goodness. Reach for a hand, Malopen. Tell the friends of Fathure Street, and Green out the game. Green out the game. Green out the game. Development of Fathure Street, and Green out the game. Tell the other side of that. You're a day. Okay, 12 or 3 at 5. 50 WCM. We're waiting on the big announcement from Leigh-on County. Now on the heels of the MSNBC. And during the break there, I'm listening to audio from MSNBC. And they're trying desperately to cover their tracks. Like the dog going in the backyard and kicking up the dirt. To see feet for more of that. Drop the load. Wow, we were at the disadvantage of not having actual these scenes. Yeah, that's what they got along. In fact, here's somebody's fact me. This CNN comes up on their website with a headline. You want to pre-incorrect the client to hear Bush challenge details soon. Is that what they said? No, no. Don't get it right. Just get it first and get it first. Five, so we got eight minute open line here. Five, six, seven, zero, five, six. You're on the 18th and 10th, Verizon Wireless Line. Compital B, cello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. Yes, yeah. I moved there a few months ago and there's interesting. I live in the Pompital B, and when I waited to vote, Jane Carroll, the director of officials. She was pregnant at the time, but she was very hard head accused in assisting that I call her my party affiliation. And I refused to tell her. I figured that actually, none of your business. And she almost, like, almost didn't want me to register a wedding tower, but I don't know how to register without putting a party now. What the fuck is that directly? I can't say I'm thinking it's hard business. I mean, you could put it down, but it shouldn't be. She shouldn't know. Yeah. It might have been. I heard recently, she just resigned. You don't think about that? She just resigned? Yeah. I heard she stepping down. I don't know. I realized I think she did say that that this was her last election. I don't know. I know she went on a bus mentality for Thanksgiving. She had a family surgeon time. What's the business at me? Well, I just don't think she would be an agent. I know she's a pilot. And I think like a lot of them are going to be stepping down soon, because it's going to become really obvious to most people that they're trying to conceal and hide a lot of things. I wasn't thinking too high. They had a hand-recome bride, even though she high-tailed it. They had a recount and a group picked up on her devote. What was the point? But it's Janky. I don't have to do with it. I just think like she's just been striking you. Somebody who should be in that kind of a position. Well, how about the woman from Natsak? I kind of, was that the fine acid that Bozo, who didn't know the front door from the back door to a man? When you're going to vote, I mean I haven't voted years until I see her going to vote. And you see the medium age of the people of the poor workers is 155, because the court is country doesn't make it a national election day. So people are living in breathing people who have to work. First of all, they have to make an extra added effort. They did a work for you to go vote before work on her. Once you're after work, there's some time in between. And they give, they give me carries, which in Florida means a hundred and twenty. And then when you listen to these Bozo's who are the supervisors, and I'm not talking about all of them, then of course there's always David Leahy. He even asked, oh yeah, he likes to face a lot from the pressure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So the network CNN and MSNBC both were the story. I was going guys. And let's say again, it was a vacate and remain. Not a reversal in the man, which would have been real bad news for the girl people, who was a vacate and remain. But we're interested in what they were saying is their vacuous. Food over. Yeah, do it over again. And they're come back with. Get back to the business. Yeah, we don't get it. Think about it some more. But in the meantime, if they're already counting the votes, in a way, this would be a good thing because it's another delaying tactic. If they could ever get around the county, we've got the ambush, which we're still sitting here waiting to find out if it's the judge that we used to like up until about 10 minutes ago, up in the Leon to get the judge's vote. If he's going to get with it. And tell us how you got there. Yeah, exactly. Here's some rise, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. Just fantastic. That's not what I call about. But I do have an NPA on my voter registration card. Yeah, which means no party is filling in. Wait. So you don't have to declare. Okay. It's just me to get you. I'm going to lose. But you didn't push you about it. Yeah. Well, I don't vote in the private areas. But then again, generally I did. I wouldn't anyway. But I didn't even read my call with the talk about the media. And you're right. You're dead on. I mean, the media. What's the hurry? Why can't we wait for the winner? I'm hanging on that. I'm curious what they're saying. We're going on. We're going. I have had conversation with Leon. Sorry. And we are on hold. Hending are being able to determine whether the US Supreme Court decision has any effect on our proceedings. Any previously announced intent to issue a ruling around to a clock is on call to the Supreme Court. So, we'll go ahead and let you know. And the McCoy versus Bay County at all. Case number 0 0 that 20 0 2. Today it's scheduled for a case management and any other motions that they come before the court on Monday to December 4th at 1 PM, score run 3A before Judge Ralph Smith. Herat Cath at all. The Ford election, Caves in Commission. KDL, CAH! On Best, 2855, it is scheduled for case management and any other motions that may become before the court on Wednesday. December 6th at 1 PM, score run 3A before Judge Ralph Smith. KDL, the ETH on CAH. On Best, 2850, it is scheduled for a case number 0 0 that 2850, scheduled for pre-trial motions and trial on Wednesday. December 6th, 2004, it is at 7 AM. Yeah. Jacob, that all be the Seminole County CAH. On Best, 2816, it is scheduled for pre-trial motions on Tuesday. December 5th, 2004, it is scheduled for trial on Wednesday. December 6th, 2008, you are hearing some of the men of the list of legal cases pending but clearly what we are dealing with right now are 2 very fast moving stories with great importance. Oh, like the trend, it is not adding any more. You can either activate the weight of your stomach, or it will determine that. If it is too low, you can't count the things about that. So, probably into the weight of the jam and the contest phase of this thing. Monk Potter's outside the court has there. Probably to learn from her. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, so not everything is on hold pending. Pending, but in the meantime we're still out pounding. And the clock is running and the clock is running and sticking and sticking and it's not the clock at the beginning of 60 minutes. So what I'm saying, I just don't have a stomach for. Maybe it's my IBS, maybe it's the group, maybe it's the combination of both. I just don't have the stomach for it. On a different note, up and beyond all the recent political rhetoric and major economic report, a downturn in growth, possibly a recession. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60, and Q, A, M. This is a bunch of who? The rise wing stole the election from the Malazcan for a reset to the day that fore has come. And the time for the day that fore has come. And the time for the day that fore has come. After birth, we'll now be the leader of the world. Thank you, Kathy Harris, just to the year. Yes, very good fore has come. I'm very thankful for the day that fore has come. We have to make some legal laws of the South and South Korea. We have to be able to fore in South Korea. We have to fore in South Korea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We have to fore in South Korea. And then, the legal law is getting far away. And the law is getting far away. The only person in America who says if this state doesn't know how to do anything right, the election is just another classic example. And a long, long years long list of screwups. They don't know how to do anything right. And nobody has ever got to know what the actual number was. And the meantime, the Supreme Court says this and the Florida Supreme Court's going to have to go back and look at it again. And a judge on county says, well, he's going to wait to over if the his ruling is on a hold, pending a review of the US Supreme Court decision. He's holding it. And so Roger Consex says what they did was good because it buys more time for the whole thing to end a greater virus than the Brown says, No, you're wrong. It was a tremendous disservice because we needed some clarity because it's clock is running and they need some direction to where they're going. And the meantime, they just bailed out. They coped out as what they did. How do you like that? All these big macho even at freaking renquis that big Nazi would as red robin as much as they took a cop out as what they did to dinner. And that's their ticket cop out to dinner. Maybe got some good drugs. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the merry going. Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, and it just goes on and on and on. Like we're talking about something sane and rational here. So Miguel gives me some bad news. Who are out of those key chains? I warned you, though. And as you ordered over the net, don't worry because they're coming. They've been put aside. If you ordered over the internet, you're a best in the key chain. But other than that, if you haven't, if you waited too long, you're SOL. But you can feel that the best in the ill-ceived season because that's it. Any soft-roader, special music story, date, brown and Palm Beach. And even the Naples and Presti just ordered Myers. I'd be like that. Do it for plant parenthood and for yourself you like it. More I'm gonna stick and head lines in your CNN, MSNBC. Because they got a rusted judgment, baby. They got to get on there before anybody else. I don't get away. It just gets fast. I'm jagging on it. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. And I think the goal could have clearly won the election. The winters are that Mongol-reverment. I think we could have stole the election. Yeah. And that's what we know a lot of people didn't vote. I'll do a fun to run them about that. If you would have a different running make-in, I was taken. Yeah. Here. Uh-huh. Okay, thanks for the good news. I told you, did I tell you that right off the bat right in the beginning? I think I was on vacation. I think I was on vacation. I thought, yeah. Well, I think the reason I knew who he was, because we had the call way way back before I went off for the summer time. And the woman said, oh, don't you know about his jewelry room? And he's an orthodoxy, the fanatic. And I went, oh, like that. The decisions I heard that. And then I started hearing about him and his wife participating. And all of this kind of lot of cleaning up Hollywood and cleaning up their church and cleaning up that. And about we need to have more dialogue about the faith that America and I thought to myself, oh boy. A jewellery for a while. This will be don't need. If you just take, I mean, take a look. When you watch the rallies, they're having up there until I have to. And you take a look at the bush people. But for now, maybe I'm a little bit prejudiced. But the first word that comes to my mind, the first thought that comes to my mind when I see those two bulls. The church, the punch on that. Redneck, good old boys, redneck. Every single one of them up there. Of course, down here we got two of them redneck. But up there you got redneck. I'm not going to say everyone just 99%. Yeah. Yeah. Can you, I don't, would you guess this is the margin of supposedly 537 right now, if anybody believes that? Would you say that maybe grow lost at least a couple of thousand, maybe 5000, maybe 20,000 votes in the state because they're anti-semitic redneck devoted again. You bet your sweet fat ass. At least a thousand. Yeah, at least a thousand. Which means 463 grows ahead if you take out those thousand. So I say, let the duck the anti-semitic votes. Right? What do you say? Oh, hey. One kid, they didn't ask it again. They deserve to lose. I know that this guy, that doesn't go familiar with this audience. All of our worst supporters out there. We know something's gorgeous, you're to lose. It was his to lose and he lost it. With a great prosperity, eight years of good there, they're not flowing the world up at that moment. I'm appointed as mighty mighty low. All the good stuff going on and it was theirs to lose because most people pull off the polcho that didn't give a crap about Bubbers pull off our flow judge. Very few people cared about that. And they lost it. Parents queer. Just like the Bush people, so it's pure and square. So I'm not going to get all busted up about it. I mean, I'm not happy, but just get it over with this one. I'm saying, get it over with. Tell us something. So I get to play this fucking as an ending when you're not into S.O.M. You know what I'm saying? It's like you're getting tied up and bound and you got the gag over your mouth with the barrel like cannibal-elected. And you're not into that. For George is into that. You know I said I'm a tongue-up part. Here's a lady in Fort Laterdale. Lady in Fort Laterdale. Oh, it's a female. Yes, man. That's her ear. Okay. Second time calling. Okay. Now, you know what we really need to think about here. And what is that? Is that out of all the 50 states that are here in the United States of America? Yes. We have jetfoot at the hell of Florida. Yes, you help me, huh? No. Jet, he's in charge of Florida. Jet in the governor. Uh-huh. And then we have Daddyfoot that was director of the CIA. Yeah. Now, something- What does it exactly be trying to say? Run to the FBI. There is a problem here. Why does it happen here? Why are we having so many problems in court? Well, the fictional is in them because this is the right way. Well, I mean, it's a right way to do it. Because we can't get anything right. And then we'll just say this famous for facial expressions. That's my-that's fine. That's fine. I'll pass Cadel said. Everybody left them off to the airport. Well, that's my exact point. The bill was a conspiracy. That was already set here. So either relate to all of this time. I mean, unless you night studied a told court that his brother told him he won Florida, so he'll relate to all this time for it. Where does wasting time? You're done. Exactly what happened. Right. I just wanted you to know that, Nian. But I'd treat it for the ratings of the news stations. Go ahead. Oh, yeah. Because they have nothing else to do. They jumped on the monocophing. That's the same thing. They've got to happen for it. They jumped on the tennis gate. You know, okay. Anything. Anything. Yeah. Giving me none people that we wouldn't see some kind of job to do. That's all the hard. How would the rides you're in? Get a beta for it for OJ? Right. There you go. Also, it's good for the economy. Okay. I can come down and have a great day. You may know what you said. Oh, but I think she had a couple of good points. I don't know what they were, but they were good. But 17 open lines. You're not so working right here today. They're lying five o'clock. They never going to work again because they figured the yellow. That's like, it's just like in promotions there. We already discussed it. So that's going to have a gallon of system and like give him, you know, the promotion he deserves because then they'd have to pay him more and then they have to bring in somebody else. So they threw on the whole bottle and his lap and say, okay, you do it. Not give me any more money for you do it. This is the most burgers cheap ass out that I have ever seen in my life. And then I asked roughly the day, what year they're going to get line five, six, any deal we said? He said, oh, yeah. So you're sitting here. It's just like on a Friday. Remember that point in the show after I and this was the one point in the whole radio dial, where there was somebody to head the ball security to hold our and a half of the recorded crap from the US Supreme Court. The oral arguments and the in-largements. Okay, come back after then. I'm not so sure if I may be chased away to the whole audience. I give them a result. I'm sitting here looking at a black computer screen. Why? Because they got them crap in here don't work. That's why. The cheapest in the worst. You've heard of the brightest in the best. Here it's the cheapest in the worst. Whatever money can't buy, that's what these would provide for us. Nothing. You know what I said? Then we just had one share. Then they're going to have exactly what they deserve here. And we're well on the way. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And you know how you doing? Pretty good. It's been a really long time since I spoke to you last. You took the summer off. It's good to have you back. I have to tell you though that a round election time. I really have to turn you off as much as I regret it. I just can't stand it. Anyway, the reason I call for it. Can't stand what? I can't stand looking at how you conduct your show during election times. So the past three federal elections, I've had to turn off turning off during November. I just can't stand it because I give my opinions. Is that bad? Well, no. The Tokyo for granted, Lydia give us opinions. It's OK for all the Northegives opinions. It's OK for fat ass, limbo to get on there and pacificates with what I'm talking to them. I don't listen to them. Yeah. And what did you like me to do? Where am I heading the shandard pretend it's not going on? No, I wanted to do this. Whatever you want to do. Okay. Reason I call with the talk about simple shadows. I think you of all people are making a big mistake. And I haven't heard anybody else talking about. I'm making a bad mistake. There's two things I have to say. First of all, if the shadow is not punched out, the vote was not made. How can you ensure it's a good vote? Let me say it again for the eight million time. They just had a recount in Texas of all places where Governor Bush signed a law three years ago in 1997 making hand counts the number one choice for a result in close election. And they just had a challenge by Republican candidates lost only two thousand votes. They had the recount. Every dimple battle was counted. There was no argument about it. There was no debate about it. They were. I think it's wrong. In order for the vote. They were the law doesn't care what you think or what I think. Okay. That's the law. The intent they have to determine a hand recount. They have to determine the intent of the voter. How do you know that the guy wasn't a dog makes a vote? The last minute says, not a warning when he told it out. You absolutely don't. You don't. And that's why and haven't I said consistently that paper ballots are a dinosaur and they've got to give you a rid of them? Well, yeah, maybe they got us. I know the way to do it, but there's a second point. They already say, why do you do that when I'm giving you the solution? We already have ways to do that. They have touch screen. We use it in part of California. The upper north west there is state to use touch screen. There are no paper ballots. We have had the technology for years. Why don't you people get through your mind. This isn't the way to have an election. Well, if there's a computer assigned to my vote, then it can be research or to who. Which person I voted for and that that will be the. And remember, he yourself some mental health. Okay. So get yourself a shrink for your paranoid. Oh, my gosh. How do you like that? Then the plan is a big brother's going to come in. What kind of threat? Five, six, seven, all five and I should mention again. Did I mention that names today? One of the watching big brother over there that they have beautiful people then moving on there. They're busy. Get naked. I didn't watch it that long. See when you're an answer, and you don't need to see naked people on television. Even though you always do. Yeah. You sure can see the impression. But anyway. Five, six, seven, all five, sixty pound five, sixty on it. I said, I had hang up on you because you're just you're tensing my patients and my patients are all sitting in the guy they're Muramatha waiting for the doctor. Oh, if you're sitting on a no matter where you come up with a solution for this guy for the way to do it right. And no matter what the answer is, all by I'm paranoid and the government's going to know why voted for. We already all know who you voted for. Trace the call of the church. We're a no-mustister all my life. But it is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, not that he is my uncle. So, the mother is my dear and I'm so he's a very clean thief. You see, my husband's got to know me. Here. How thirty to five sixty w two o' am. All I make sure you get that last guy a few more guns. Before time runs up. Before they come in and take all his guns away. Here's a mobile in western home. Mobile in western. Going once. He'd be gone. If he gone. Here's a mobile in vocalo. Hey, now I be here. Okay. I got two things to say. I think they're pretty reasonable. One is about that. The Republican seemed to think that because each county does it differently. That got some hours unfair. And I just want to point out that there's nothing entirely unfair. It's like they two different states do a hand count with different standards. Nobody would say that one state is more unfair than another. So the fact that the county's do different standards are nothing really unfair about that. I think all systems unfair. Well, that must be true too. I know that there's no related minutes. Why don't we have specific standards? I said this a couple of weeks ago. I've got a lot of stuff to say. That's what no, all right. Will you listen to me? At least we're in the state. Why doesn't the state have specific uniform standards? Because after all, we don't have 67 different elections for president here. I mean, we don't have a lecture of both states and the counties. We have a statewide contest. So why doesn't the state have uniform standards for how we're going to count the balance? If we're going to have hand recount. Yeah, we said I have a request. Now, we've got to say, just like the absentee military balance. Why are they making it up as they go along? Why don't we already have very stringent, specific rewards to deal with how they get counted now they have to appear? Well, that's just another example of four to super long. That's five. If one for that far, they're the stupidity of putting up thing in. We wouldn't even know. Publicants would have no argument pretty much. You know, there's a third of a case and that's a comp five days. You know, when you came up with your hand recount five day. Right. That's in the law. I mean, I don't think that's a good idea. And if you think about it, why does George Bush? And we know the perception that Bush has more of a claim to the White House. I mean, he's really among everybody that's been put in the gore. And when you think about it, why does my eyes that, what do you mean they're among everybody? I don't think that they're seeing it anymore, for perception that he has more of a claim. Because I know because he's dead dumb and we've had a lot of dumb presence that makes you more entitled. Well, partly. But I'll tell you why I think it is partly. You know, they get on there and say they want they want everybody including the one on the election night. Yeah. You think about it? Who said they want an election night? Eddie Feet said it in CNN. Nine Gentile of them. He's relatively. Another, it is, imagine a table with a bat all over the country, in other words, that people would have been watching TV and really, they would not have this claim. They didn't want an election. I know what exactly they did. Yeah. They're just stupid, stupid, not works, right? And initially, it was what they were using, right? Well, I'm just saying that seems to be more of the claim. They keep saying we won the first vote, the second vote. There were a couple of days when they said that he won the Mexico. Remember he was there by 17 votes and then he was there by four votes. And guess what? They found the 500 score votes. And then, immediately, the same people that don't like Henry counts. The Abyss people are for recounting the Mexico. They had the recounting still lost. Well, they loved the Henry count. They only liked the hand job when they were the ones who were given it. And if you see this last night, nobody said we got to get it over and done what's yet the certification. You know, the, with it's fatal watching them, they just now finished the hand count. And the certification they were saying is not even due, so they ended this week. And Maria can't well, one by the way, I should point that out. She won the Senate seat up there. Right. And it's up there. And she made a point of saying, in this third petition, though, it's still like five days away. And there's no hurry. Right. Okay. I'll, I will say this to Republican up there with those names, that all the acknowledges man, Washington. Oh, strange name. Anyway, he considered. He lost. Come on George, what does this name say? That's it. Here's Los Angeles, hello. Hello, how are you? Okay, sir. I haven't spoken to you for a long time. But I just received some professional testimonies from the CNN, that Bush is leading the school back up to nine Sunday. Yes. And. Big son, what? What? Big son. What are they saying? They call it the court to Supreme Court. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They didn't do that. They got us low office. Oh, you were finishing the order. Is that what you're listening to, sir? It's bad ass. Little boy, you're listening to propaganda. No, I'm not. I've been looking. I haven't seen on and what you're in the hospital. I've never said anything like that, sir. So you're dreaming. And quit taking so many hallucinations. Okay, it sounds like you're ready to pass out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You don't have another mushroom. 5, 60 on the 18, 10, Verizon Wireless WI. Here's a mobile and the winner, Hayden. Hey. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Yeah, I'm riding down in 27 less than a year program. First time I've ever heard you. And I've got to give you credit work credits to do. I'm a registered independent. But the C.R.I.I. has loaded for our goal. And I think probably the same thing about the Republican view did. Singers. So what just better does me is. Your choice of a rhetoric and language on the radio now. Oh, the one you keep listening, you have a diet. You're not going to keep listening. I just wanted to call it. Well, sir, yes, well, we don't care. We don't care. We're not interested. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5, 6, it just happened to be a listing for the first time. He already turned it off. But he thought he would take the time to call express his mistakes and discuss for my choice of language. And you're not in. You haven't turned it off. We don't care. We're not interested. And just like I said before before the election. One good thing. We have both parties this year for indesensorship. Big time. You got your typical goal. And you got your limb chaining. And you got your dual movement and all these people who are indesensorship. Sir, censorship is fascism. So a great slimy boy I was in have a wonderful life and get out of our show. So I'm good. There he is. The senator who are considered from Washington. Ex Senator. You know something? I guess you could say he used to be a Washington senator. Oh, they don't have a baseball team anymore. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, man. I love this thing for your show. And I wanted to go to the last side of the level. So you don't like the language. No, I like the language. I like those pictures. I'm a cool captain of the United States. Okay. And I wanted to tell you that my husband, we got one of your subscribers. You know, the people that advertise the news show. Well, PPO person is really nice and we love them. And I wanted to tell you also about the election. We went to go. We had a hard time pushing. Pushing it down. You know, you had a hard time pushing it down. Right. He said it gives it a right flop so that we could press the right hole. Had a hard time pushing it down to get it in the right spot. All that last guy in the highway, he's going to drive off the road now. And we don't understand why it can't be uniform. You know, in the whole state. That's what I just got through saying the other car or the other. Why are these things so difficult? You want to know why? Because this is for that we don't know how to do anything right. I don't know. And I'm usually I'm not home, but I am today. And I'm cooking for Hanukkah. And I thought I'd give you a phone call. Oh, good boy. He posted call in. Yeah. But also, because you're reading today's paper, we're training at four to resign. I saw my performance yesterday. I was not planning. What kind of hook but does he have? Right. And his wife, if you see her, I'm at interview with. He has a lot of hook. I saw my thought that why she's a a worth and a whip. Thank you so much. So anyway, is there anything that we can do? I don't know what are we going to do? We think we can do about one. We can do about one. Getting the election. Okay. We know who won. And what's the winner being in the White House? Yeah. The winner, the winner in Florida with Gore. Okay. I'll pass that along to the judge. You just told me. Okay. All right. Thanks for stating this out. Okay. Okay. He just ran this out. He said the winner was Gore. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18p and realize the world is mine. 21 before 1 at 560 WQAN, or who's this guy? So that's her. Well, really, this is one of the records. No effect because Bush was ahead then. And Bush's still ahead now. So as far as who's going to win the electoral votes in Florida, that issue still has not been completely dissolved. Okay. Thank you so much for those presentations. That was great. That was on CNN boys and girls. The Neil Roger show in New Sports Radio, line 60. You have to memorize, put in Florida. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I saw 50 and he was very tell. There. It's just been was not fully heard. There. They have the big convention. Let's see it for three. But the judge from the angel ID was about to see. Oh, they were speaking in town. That's the same. That's the same. They have very little letters. They have a lot of English kind of songs. They have a lot of English kind of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. They have a lot of songs. Yes sir. You know what I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. I'm going to think about it. Freedom of speech, will you understand? Are you know it's feeding of your speech? What was that speech? Is this point? 560, 560, 560, on the 18T and 2R is 1R. It's a how to alien on 2R. And that 5-year-old kid. Maybe the kid over there is playing with alien. Maybe the avollas are playing with it. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T. Not only that, how is the fisherman doing? He's doing it. Here's Papadou Bichilla. Hello. Yes sir. You had several colleges in the one of the minutes ago. Talk about having a uniform state balance. You can't have it because even across the street, there were different people. So you can't have that. Well, we're talking about having uniform standards. So not a uniform ballot with the same names on it. You both owe you. You depend on a set of overfarts. We're talking about having uniform standards. I want constitutes, illegitimate vote, no recount. That's what we were talking about sir. And in addition to which, a standard firm, not butterfly ballots, not caterpillar ballots, but a standard firm. Standard forms that have different names on them. And just what in the other states, they have different names on them. Wow. Well, put anybody on this firm again over the age of 200. 150 I can handle. 200 the answer is no. No. I will not speak to any more 300-year-old creatins. And that's what I wind up with. Talk it about this guy, then election. That's the other reason I wish to get it over with already. From a selfish standpoint, so we can go back to have a good time here. And then having a few laughs and yuck, this ain't funny, I'll tell you that. This is pathetic. I don't know which is more pathetic. How incompetent this state isn't doing everything. Or listen to these calls 90% of which are burzos. So if the ringling brothers, people are in town and you're hiring, believe me, we got a wrong list of applicants written for you out there. Along with the applicants with a big red nose. Or how's the polineal group? I'm going to pick up the big red nose. I want a ride. I can't see any of you. And I wish we would have built it. Yeah, well, now I'm just putting you out of the box. If we don't suck in some serious calls here on this, I'm playing typical needle every day for four hours. We're going to slip a few. And I know if the new president. Here's my baby, Chelo. Hey, how are you doing? I'm right. Hold on one sec. I'm going to go to the greener review. I'm on one. I respect this country. It is a dire need of a third party. I believe in the next election. The party will come from the end of the Republican and Democrat. Being the moderate. Let's see. I'd like a lot of issues. Yeah. And I feel if you just even turn the next. You're going to have a legitimate sense of the third party. Can't say. All right. He's got my boy baby. I'm going to go 40 times when he runs. I've worked 50 times. Right. And another thing. 60. The network's so seem to be catching on to the story. The fact that our goal and your leader been had a manized as far as Barbara Bush. Yeah. And that. Okay. Great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Confront. Ken Moulders got some hot stuff. What's that? Awesome. Some of the little effects from some of our audience. Came in on the wrong machine. Anything good in there? No. No. Just a single tired craft. Put wasted our fast table of craft. If you got something good, we love the shit. If it's craft, just wipe your beard with it. What are we going? Here's Tamarack. Hey, Neil. How are you today? Okay. First of all, I was supposed to win the K people have elections. And put their little rock and basket. The deal of election was more reliable than our here in Florida. Yes. That's right. Hopefully, and then, you'll probably start six or six years and decided not. But You get a conviction and get a lot more answers because we have a good mucho. I'll be right back. The day is obvious, we have a Board of impacts. Like, and that's the last quarter spent in rampant houses. And I want to discuss with everybody about Party of Coral Rocket Panch Dad, No. And then I'll perform from all the channels, and now the following days are all over. Now federal judge was my attorney in Vancouver to tell and he mentioned Seminal County. Now Seminal County where people actually went and threw out the form. That is the federal as you will with. That is the federal that is shown. Yeah. And therefore those 4700 British, I know they're talking about 10,000, but that's where you see the same. I do remember you know somebody using the same handwriting which is very easy to spot. Right. Only that 15 or 20 of them. That's why they call it an handwriting as good and then there were people making fun of that. I know that is not connected. And that is when it goes back to the Seminal County, they do the more important than judge judge saw. Because when it goes back to him and goes back to the righty and a nitty-corker, justice, then she knew the chairman as voters for all. Right. And if there's voter for anyone in the United States, all 50 of them, then that is an issue for the Supreme Court of the United States and for the Florida Supreme Court. This is where those votes out. So I guess what I'm saying is I know it is little bleak here that the ball game is not all. Yeah that hearing is on Wednesday, am I right? That is correct sir. Right. And you know I thought that prior question and I appreciate you paying the egos in my car, that's where you are doing one Friday's playing this. His question was very, very poignant. Now then that's the other thing they can get into and guess what? All the king's coasters in the legislature and everybody else, voter for votes is thrown out. I say take everybody in seven old county for the ball and do it. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Good luck to us. Okay hang on tight. We still got a long way to go boys and girls. We got this suit and that suit even Austin broke never had this many suits. Even the Gregory never had so many cheap suits. Here, classy guy are well. 1257 at five and 60, W. Q. I'm just fighting my turn. I'm just not just going to do our except for none of the time. It was a month of November. When Alva showed off his memory. I was a little bit scared of him. I was just a little bit scared of him. I was just a little bit scared of him. I was just a little bit scared of him. I was just a little bit scared of him. I was just a little bit scared of him. I was just a little bit scared of him. I was just a little bit scared of him. Just up the cover just to find his bones. When he died, it's not his nose that is broken. Yet now, put on on the roll and stone. Just up the cover just to find his bones. When he died, it's not his nose that is broken. Okay, 203 at 5.60 W. Q. David Boyz is on there and just said something. 5.60, 50, 50, 50, 60. My head is pounding. It's maddening. It's maddening. You try to take chaos. You try to take a mess. 67 different counties with 67 or so different messes and irregularities. Even even people with IVS and Groot never had so many damage irregularities. And now they try to make it all fit. You know, it's like taking shoes that are 15 sizes too small for your feet and try to make it fit. And if it doesn't fit, then you're full of shimit. Here's my enemy, hello. Yes sir. Okay, I need to move this to the point. Where is my other team? The seven ducks. 5.60, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 50, 50, 50, 50, 30, 70, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 70, 60, 50, 50, 40, 40, 70, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 40, 50, 50, 50, 80, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 60, 50, 50, 60, 50, 50, 50, 50, 120, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 very happy to buy this stuff and I hope you keep doing it for many years that you're going to be at QAM. Are you? Yes I am. Beautiful. I will continue pouring money to whatever charity you sponsor. Wait, please come. I mean, another note. What's the matter? What's wrong with the panzers this year? Black is it talent. Black is it talent? I thought it was BM. Well, I've already used the talent come from the general manager. Where does the company? The general manager, bag coach, lack of talent. And now that they're trying to pedal robbing me, you know my division both articles like I said before in both newspapers today with top again, from the organization. What is that talent? They keep trying to con the fans. I mean, nobody don't have to many fans. Others don't have to. But if you listen to the way the fans grew every time his name is mentioned. Need a martyred Marie. They're not for anybody. First they try to shift Chris Wald on the fan throw. Then it was P. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. D. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. O. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. K. R. Okay, have a great day, Phil. I said bring vacation, willy and lorry struck us out of the day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, be, pound 5, 6, be on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Hollywood, hello. You'll see the cameras. Look at the schedule coming up. Tonight, you get the Islevers, the Avalanche, the Red Wings, Pittsburgh. What about all the Rangers, the BIRCvers you get? I think they probably want to gain maybe some time in January. Uh-huh. Specific. How is the election? How come nothing's being made? I know you mentioned about this contract on subwoofer, the lady went and let people go on to compute in some little county up there and forward and all you have to keep those people within their republicans, change and write and things. Why isn't that come to any of these? The line line line. Why is like a lot of things just not brought up? What do you mean it's not brought up? They're having a hearing on it in quote Wednesday and the on counted. There's a lawsuit over it. But even like how they strike things down up in that, I mean, there was a big easy thing to get a new ballot left side bush, right side go or vice versa. I just read you a whole state. I say coin flip is what I'm saying. Let's do it. Right side of the C.R. line next off in home game. Fit the R. line, coin toss. And Jeff's going to bring the coin. Do it. Well, he says to head to better than one. Never be always said. Yeah. Or like you're a two bushes are better than one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marta's one. Albring it those keys yet? No. No. No, no. No, no. What was that word that I had for Gore? This in January. I'm going to start using the same word for fat out. This in January. Oh, I'm telling by with the keys and I'm bringing the Julie better forco. No, no, you're not. Not even in the building, much less in our studio. I want to bang you in the butt. I'll never get these f***ings out of my husband's shorts. You will now. Introducing you no f*** laundry detergent with scumbag. Let's face it. Human body fluids of the toughest spins to remove from valuable undergarments. Whether it's not the f***ing secretions, blood, even f***ing. No no f***ing attack these tusks, stains with patented scumbag for a deep down clean. Try new nose f*** today. And if you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back. No f***ing nose f***ing. Who's scumbag? I hope that guy in the highway that Yahoo that we had before, sure, I'll be in listen. I guess what, Belle? You. Once 13 at 5.60, WCM Hank will be a true real estate tour this afternoon. We got the big fat boobs there, not so big and fat anymore. Looks pretty good in metal, fact. Groups shall be 6 to 7. And 7 o'clock, we got panthers at the maple leaves. That's the pretty pretty in-time 7 o'clock, in-time 7.30 at the air-candler setter. So on the last year, we got the hurt-cumbag to go and work through a lot of anybody cares. Anybody care? No. And the Kansas City had to wear a muddy net football after the hockey game and any KF roll letter I'm done. Got that? No. Too bad. Ah. 340 votes. Is this finally time for our border can see that's our poll on theojou.com today? No. 2.20. 60, little under 65%. Yes, 119.35%. Maybe we should ask the question tomorrow, will it ever be time for our border can see? That would be interesting. Are we going to do that tomorrow? No. Here's my enemy. Hello. OK, my enemy's gone. Kendall, how about? Kendall. Hey, you're sure. How you doing? OK. I went to vote and I went to the other side. So I got a little bit of that, too. My yellow card. And the leaves is a problem here. Your name appears twice on the roster. OK. So I knew it was coming. She gets a supervisor. She's always served. You're an even previous place. Yeah. Man, I have a son with identical names. OK. Sooner after, if you look a little common, let this two different birthdays. Right. I'll walk away. But your previous working at the end of our viral thing. Veryable. You got it. I'm going to vote. Most of them over the age of 100. Oh, this one was about 81. Uh-huh. And he said, one sorry. So he wasted my time in a few weeks. And I know what you just said, times that everything I'm saying. If anybody believes that we really conducted an election this day on the 7th of November, I got some cheap light to sell on the Everglades. And you know, if you can put it up 50,000 people, the same last name. In the same first name. The exact place. This way, if you find no where there's a farm here, you can't go twice. Man, that's my son as an identical identical name. So I'll confuse you with a fact man. Anyway, back. Good luck to all. Yeah. How many George Roya rigors is this thing for our test? That's why you see us going home. I've heard. There's plenty of George Roya rigors. It would be unscrupulous. Yeah. We could have that thing down to 929 again if you just put a voted. Sorry. Mr. Scoopie-List. See, it's okay to be smoking all of that weed like you're smoking right now on the studio. That's okay. That's not morally wrong. Says who? Me? And me. Here's a bay harbor. Yeah. Yes sir. Hi. I got off the voting nonsense. I got a sore few. You'll yield. You'll love the better. Bridge tender. I just came back to the bay harbor. About about a bridge tender? A bridge tender. Oh. A bridge tender. I got to the bridge. The bridge was up. Any act. Yeah. Yes. Okay. To both came by. And then about three. If it looked at that three miles down, there was another bridge with a big sale up. Come and buy them. They had a ticket that 15 minutes. I was in back of this car. And the guy got out of his car. And he was, first of all, he was blown his horn. And the bridge tender came out of his little house. He was giving it with his hands up. Any act. And the guy in the car said, I'm taking my wife to the hospital. And they're emergency. Can you please put the bridge down? And the guy said, no. You have to wait till his boat comes. Right. And it was a lease meal. I swear to God. I was a lease 15 minutes before his boat came. And this poor guy got back into his car. I was expecting to come out of the car. And his wife was in the driver in the passenger seat. It looked like she was having a baby. That's my advice to anybody after getting on the river by a bridge tender. She's in the river. You're unbelievable. This guy came out of his little house. No, really, really. He's very, really. We're going to the LF. We're going to the LF. We're going to the LF. We're going to the LF. We're going to the LF. We're going to the LF. We're going to the LF. I'm not sure if we'll know. I'm not sure if we'll know. That's right. It was unbelievable. Okay, condom. 117 at 560. She's in the LF. W2QA M56070560. Yeah, all you rich assholes with your boats out there. I don't want to get started. I've got a bridge tender crab again. All these hot shots with their yachts. There's nothing worse than our hot shot with a yacht. The one who back traffic up including emergency vehicles. It's just like when the Julio's got a sterica about the coast guard last year. Remember that? Yeah. And we're blocking off the guide then across the Crosway for got to know it's how long. And it's just a miracle. It's only blind luck that nobody dies because the emergency vehicles couldn't get through. Because it's usual that they're pissed off and fired up. And don't give a crap about anybody else. Here's a mobile and key largo. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I really need your help with something. I don't know why I go ask about the ballots in the seminal county and stuff. I'm just so confused and perfect. That's why nothing seems said. I noticed there's a court case. But I mean, would everything else go on the ballots in Palm Beach County, the Julio's and in Miami-Dade? Yeah. There's nothing wrong. I mean, it seems very little about what can these seems like to biggest piece of fraud during the fall. Oh, you're starting out Wednesday. You'll see a lot because I'm sure this that'll be televised. And then that's all they'll be talking about. If you've got to understand there are so many different suits going on all the same time. And then just when you think you have some idea of where we stand, then the US Supreme Court Voyage and the Remands, which means they sent you the decision back to the Florida Supreme Court on the recount, extending the deadline. And then, you know, something you have to be a rocket scientist at a very well educated attorney. He didn't begin to understand what else going on. It seems to have been far across the whole election. I mean, with seeing seeing left out of the media, it's obvious that the media seems far from what they want to show. And the media is in the immediacy. Just like we saw about an hour ago when MSNBC was a jump to gun and put the wrong information on it. You know, saying that the US Supreme Court overall recorded the Supreme Court, and then they had a change in headline. And they said, trying to cover up their tracks by saying, well, we were at this advantage. We didn't have the printed ruling. You know, I mean, they don't get whatever it's not right now. That's what they're going to talk about. You marked my words on Wednesday. You're going to have seven old county coming out of you. Electrome ears. Okay. Hey, what were they? Yes sir. Watch where it's so often? No. That's check it out. That's the English version. What number did you get? It's it on. It's a Sunday night set of clock and share time. Okay. All right. They did. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty. See one thing that American TV people don't understand the producers. All these hot shots to think that they know something. The public wants to see beautiful people. They don't want to see nerds. They don't want to see goofy people like answer, Viber and Big Brother. They want to see beautiful people. There's little clothes on as possible. That's what they want to see. See, European, they understand that. But America. Yeah, they don't really haven't gotten it yet. God forbid. Here's a mobile interview. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Chirping from Palm Beach to Papa, no for Christ's sake. You want to get out of your collection. But I want to say something about the panzers. I support that color before the break. Back first night, Miami Arena. Paying 2600 a year for Tuesday's level. Next year, 3600. Next year, 4600. And you know, take advice of keep going up. And the product keeps getting worse. They get rid of a claim. And like you said, woolly, stew. And you know, I haven't been to a game this year. And I don't have my season thinking. Do you have a, you haven't been to a game offered to see every week? I was used. I watched him on TV a little bit. I, you know, I can't believe what these brothers are. That's not why I don't say that again. So we had about really 15,000 there. And I would say about 3000, the more red wing fans. And they, if that's what you're going to depend on, is the fans here that teams do, or make the place what we're respectable, you and real trouble. Right. It's just, you know, I just can't believe what's going on with the team. We do have some foul with the foul. And if you think the public is going to come to again to see a serious peduroff, there would no hints. Then it's come to see probably a brilliant. There's sure it's not going to come out to see federal. It's because it's because it's an inkling of possibly going to. It might have been going to see. It's because there were 2,000 federal fans. That's why we had that many people. It's like the Ranger case people used to go to see meds day and people that say that they didn't do it. If you go to see the Ranger and go to see meds day or lion, I mean, you was a hell of a skater. But I'm just set up that said, sorry about the election thing, but you're not just re-boh. Okay. Thank you. Now, see this guy is, I mean, his points are well taken, but the fact is it would make any difference if we had Mariuscius yard bottom back to life. Grady Hal, Tim Horton, Johnny Bower, Jacques Pond, and it would make any difference. Bobby Hall, Wayne Gretzki, because the people in 99% of never heard of any of those people. It's not a hockey town to begin with. Then you combine that with the fact that you got a boring, crappy product out there and the fact that the public are getting with those 50 of us really understand again, getting highly agitated with the organization. And you got to rush it through through disaster for an empty building. But there's things can there are uptight and anybody thinks that I'm going to go to some kind of a party or some kind of a function with people like the Murray Brothers. You're with one this year down a dark hole. I'll tell you that right now, they're going to happen. No way. And the way that they spin these guys, you know something, maybe they're maybe they're nice guys, they're being kneeled in my crucial, I don't know. I mean, they're never going to need the one of them. But you talk about being led and used and manipulated by the organization. And I've seen this this is about the 500 times I've seen it because I get both those papers. And you open up both papers and they got the same story lines on the same day because the organization is putting the voice in their mouth and their stupid, not the put in newspapers. Kettling was number 44 today to which I say, yeah, who you kidding? There are something wrong with line one by the. Now I know I just mentioned that in passing. What? Okay, we'll get all of them. But they hit you know I will get calls but then you put the thing up there and it doesn't show up in the name of it. So there's something screwed up. Hey, I found it screwed up again. Duff I just mentioned that in passing. That's what you really care of course. Good luck this instantly. Where we going? Here's a mobile and Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah, me. Yes sir. How can anybody be taking this election lightly? I don't understand it. When you're by then. Different. I'm not the flight to come. I'm pissed off. Yeah. I mean you got to see what's present tomorrow for the next four years. Yeah. They're already having posting that he's being checked with praise once he's once a day if I was going on. Well, he's got a lot of video games to play and a lot of maps to take. Well, he's got a nice thing home between. So they can put the ring in. Yeah. He's a moron. He's been handled by the same people that handle the Harvey Aguau. I don't get it. Oh, my God. I have a great line for that, but I'm not going to use it. But anyway, yeah, George liked it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3, 5, 6, 6 on the AT&T. Now we don't need the, you know, let's you call it the secret service in here. But tomorrow could be yeah. No. It would be Tuesday. 125 and 5, 6, 3, 2, and 6. I'm going to be a rocket show, sports radio. 5, 6, 6, and 6. Oh, we're making it on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. I've seen the story of the girl who took a dance in the home of the whole world. And while their butt was fine, it looked like mine to get with some of Harry and that girl. How many hairs on her were? Certainly more than I'm not in the ears. And I'm definitely so sincere. It's look like a sheet that has been shared. She had an ass like you bought up for your brown on the round of her cheese. Neither the razor or its clear or if they chance to the hair and his wig. But why did I have to say he said that? He said he would make me want to act with so many my ways. If they want the butt of a problem, I think he's okay. This is the story of the girl who took a dance in the home of the whole world. And while their butt was fine, it looked like mine to get with some of Harry and that girl. That girl. That girl. And that girl. What's 30 or 5 seconds? You just asked her, I had a good idea. Yeah, let's just say I just think I for four years. And we're going to have to worry about it. Four more years. And then you can have another election. And you'll remember of 2004, I'll be long gone. Yeah, 2004, I'll be! May! May! See ya! Speaking of something, civilizing and a lot more than the election. Say his friend is don't call him the bathroom guy. But maybe they should have David brought is the, is your go-to guy when you got to go. He's behind one of the webs more useful sites best toilets.com, which is in name implies, list the best toilets in civil major cities. And now you can get all the information from your inner-connected palm or handsprint digital assisted when you're on the road. On Wednesday a company called Yada Yada, which makes a web browser for Palm-based organizers, is announced it's putting this information from both side on that service. So if you're stuck on a street to San Francisco, you can cross your legs, send a request and have the best bathrooms being back instantly. Those who prefer to plan ahead can go to the side, download and print a two bus company, and you are quickly hand-off those visitors. For our 37 watts to the site 1997, the Learn to Build web pages. An architect, your lover, he'd often roam through Manhattan, he'd be soon moved to Queens, checking out the buildings. If you're walking around town, especially in winter, you know where the bathrooms are, he says. Almost as soon as he put up the site, people started setting me emails, recommending their favorite toilet and probably going holes too. They say his favorite is the World's and Hotel in New York, which features a stainless steel urinal slash waterfall. How do you like that? Now let me recommend if you're an Amsterdam and believe me, you don't want to go to too many coffee shops or restaurants. It's just, you feel a screen is about that. So if you're walking around like that in the middle of the city and you really have to go back, Barb is on Palo's hotel on the main floor in the lobby toward the bathroom. What do you smell about? I know where the good toilets are. So because they have the cloth, so they need regular toilet. In addition to the good split level. In addition to which I've stayed with so many times, they're walking in. Hey, how are you? They did steal a lot of the lawn there, you know? They got great public toilet downstairs and three minutes too, on a way out. And then the craft's a poor ski hotel off the other end, like the Dan Rack, the Rude Vaseline, got beautiful way toward the back. By the Japanese restaurant, by the Edo. I'm just carrying out good information for people and arms to the arm who need to have an emergency run. Always good to know. Here's a mobile and poor waterdale, hello. Dale? Yes sir. I want to sum your colors of calling and asking about the Seminal County court hearing. I'm not lying. It's not an immediate spotlight because it doesn't matter. As a Republican, I can dim what those people did. And I hope they go to jail for. However, you can't re-certainify the election. All they're going to do is hear the case and determine what can happen to those people. They can't feel back and re-certainify what it happens. True, I can't. True, I can't. What happened to the state county when they found that all the dead people voted? The overtender was all the way to election. They threw out all the absentee ballots and they threw a return to the real election. They cannot go back and re-certainify. If you hear anything, did you hear anything that I just said? The sad part is, no. But if you hear another guy, here's another report of the coupons. He knows here anything that I see. I don't care who you support, what your politics are. I'm delighted to have a conversation with anybody as long as it's even all the way to the state. It's even almost rational. But I just love these people who just, they just keep clowning away to long in a matter of what you say. It's like they got a hearing problem. Well, what's the point of trying to have a conversation with somebody that just made up his mind? And don't get used in the fact you're a perfect bush man. Don't confuse you with the fact. Here's a mobile and less time be, chillin'. Oh, no. Yes sir. I'm not on a mobile with the gym. Here's a stationary and west palm. Yeah, hey, I just got back to Manchester. Really? Yeah, I got back to Fiji after me. Was there any of those good toilets? No, I was saying they're from the palace. But I went to the coffee shop. Yeah. It was a great place. It is. Yeah, I stayed there most a month and I wanted to recommend anybody who's got the opportunity to go and go over there. That's a little bit. How long time was this next 20 years? First time I listened to you, you had some guy who was living out in the everyday claiming he had a such watch out there. You remember that? No. I didn't think of that. Anyway, I've been listening to you long time. I stayed in on my head and in crop. You know the street and talking enough? No. You did. About two bucks and simple stations. You're stuck there and then it doesn't the loop around the canal. Why? More is the hotel. Not in the hotel. I stayed in a, at least to the apartment. Oh, great. Yeah, it's that's a nice way to go. It's a great way to go. Well, let me ask you something. How did you find your apartment to stay in for a month? I had a friend who sort of arranged with the other people there who, that's your business. You know, they reach the apartment. Right. And that's what they did. Actually, I was there about six weeks. Uh-huh. Well, I'm a good guy to pay. But if you said in the hotel, you're paying anyway. Oh, yeah. Yes. It's much because I have an apartment that I read you around now. But if you bought as big as a bungalows, you know, it's pretty good. I had a great one with a big one. You know, you can't be, you know, I'll copy that five, six year at a month. Uh-huh. So I'm going to sort of rather expensive, but I have a nice big one. You know, the street. I can't, you know, I can't speak that. Right. Her impact starts with an age. No. Do you know the street's at all? Be sure. Where would you tell the East Bay and the New York? Well, I have an apartment now. But you also used to stay at the, uh, what was on palaces, is it right across from central station? Yeah. Yeah. I know where the ball is on is. I was probably, uh, six, maybe six, maybe half a mile from the barbys. Right. If you get a chance, I went to the physical therapist downstairs. The young lady named Marie, and, uh, you know, she works on your back. This is a legitimate physical therapist. At the barbys on pounds? Yes. Down in the basement. Right. And then this Marie, I recommend it. Okay. And I've read that's a great hotel. I read it in the great hotel. But you do much like, you know, I don't do well in hotels, I'm not a saver. You're living with a rich lady, you get through a boner. It's near the, uh, pinded rock. Okay. You don't repent and call us with a member. If you, I don't ask you to put it. I'm not going to tell you. No, no, no. Is it near a situation? No. Okay. You're down, uh, I'm south of, uh, about a 20-minute walk. Uh, from central, central station. I'm going to tell you about four steps on the tram south. Okay. I am, uh, one stop from the tram south of central station. Uh-huh. But if you go, one block over from pension gas. Yeah. That's a car. Okay. So that's anyway. That's where I was. It's a great place. Uh, I'm, I stayed on, uh, but my friends and the apprentices one block over here. There was just a, uh, big mafia killing there. I don't know, one of us and you there. I just got back a couple weeks ago about 10 days again. Were you there when they, uh, you the family of mafia, murdered the, uh, three people in the, uh, No, I, I was, I was there when they had the shooting, which almost never happened there. But I didn't read about the, who they were. It was a mafia, you just want to be a mafia. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, they did, you know, uh, uh, uh, and one of the guys came in with a mask on like a monkey. That was in a jewelry store, wasn't it? No, it was in a, uh, the restaurant just, you know, five minutes from the barbersaw and the central station. Uh-huh. Uh, uh, I think if the Japanese restaurant, thank you, um, I don't know what the Japanese restaurant is anyway. Uh, I mean, my room probably happened again in about 20 years there. Okay, I'm glad, I had a great time, pal. Okay. I'll see you on the root of gasoline. Bye. Bye. That was pretty exciting for the audience, wasn't it? No, but I liked it. Well, I don't care. I mean, if these people want to be so pro-wrotey, they want to worry about more or more, I mean, go right ahead. No, I keep trying to tell you people, get out of planning, go somewhere, find the real world. Be like Columbus and reverse. The problem with Columbus was he was going in a wrong direction. That was the problem. He was looking for the real world. He should go a little bit north. 20-2425, 60 WQF. I'm trying to land oil for you for a car. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah. Ooh, hey, there we go. There we go. Hey, y'all, my name is France. A Eugene Thomas, president Bush is nominee for the supreme law. And you know, there's lots of people that they are dead. It's not just off. I won't do little marijuana when I think of it. And it wasn't as if I didn't enjoy. But maybe I should go to a new location. No, look at me, y'all. If they don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme door, yeah, I got a bunch of them. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I won't get out of here. I won't get out of here. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There we go. I'll be talking. And I'll talk it to the chief. Or you and I'll talk it to the west. And I'll talk it when I look up to the day of Canada's best. Oh, I'll be joking. That's a bad one, y'all. 143 at 560 WCWM 56070560. When he says that's good work when I'm reading out to you who he's talking about. What do I think I have an idea? And I won. Here's baby, hello. Yeah, sure. I wish I could afford to go to Amsterdam two men. Seems like it could be pretty cool. It is. The best I can do is like Costa Rica. What makes you think it's so much expensive to go to Amsterdam? It just seems like it must be. I mean you have to spend a long time in the airplane, right? Like, not a hours ago. About nine can I back? Yeah, I mean, it's not that expensive? No, in culture would think it's that. No, so there deals an offseason five, six hundred bucks around trip. Yeah, that's not so bad. Not advantage. You can buy so much for so little when you go to South America. Oh, yeah. That's the best I need to do. If you're into those underage hookers, I mean, whatever. Of course, the rich. I know all about that. I've heard that. I've still the bugman doing George. I'm sure. I'm not the F. Co. What is what a GF Co. And say about the agros and coast of the United States. Yeah, okay, go ahead, John. Sure. All right. You know, the, at least this whole issue about the balance is shown that the Republicans complain about a left wing media or a bunch of liars. People have actually been bringing up that there's something, like inherently hypocritical about the Gore campaign, benefiting if they throw out these them in old ballots. And at the same time benefiting, if they keep, if we keep the, if we keep the, the, the, the balance in the, in big counties, if there's some sort of a contradiction. What about the contradiction that the, about the Republicans fighting both battles and wanting to keep the ballots? Well, it's a little, okay. And they were not any hundred in Pope County exactly. And not only that, but the ones that's seven old counties. Well, I was asking them, who counted those as to ballots in the, in Pope County, they said, pork sale on Annie. Yeah. And, and not only that, but the seminal county ballots were clearly resolved. I'm fine. Right. So doesn't even exist with respect to, there are no accusations in that regard. I'm in big county. Even then, and how do you know how do you like to their public, he's called me about ten minutes. You've got to give me the solid answer about how you can't, uh, re-certify. You can't change anything. You can go liar. I mean, you're just making it up, if they go to the wall. So, and other words, if we discover fraudulent votes, it's kind of like, thanks. Well, too late, we got you. I was really bad, but too late. Right. I mean, the point is that if it's the right thing to do with the count all the votes, the count all the votes. If the right thing to do with the count only the legal votes, then you can't read those votes in the amount of count. I would be expected, Bush people. I have a lot more to it. We just the honor and say, look, we still have parents square, which is ribbon Jan. We still have parents square. And we got you. And that's it. Now let's wrap it up. At least I would respect that. It'll be a loose little bananas. But there's a big problem, I think, Neil, that nobody talks about how it's a critical. It is for the, for the Republicans to be making both of these arguments. But they talk a lot about they talk a lot about gore and that regard. Because, well, how about how about that sky from time your county who legitimately is from time your county, who's followed the suit there, you're hearing an attire clock that's actually on the floor to Supreme Court, who's, who's firing a lawsuit to claim that hand recounts our illegal, or unconstitutional, and yet they just finished with a hand recounted text on the, by a request of our Republican candidate who lost under a law sign by George first three years ago. Yeah, the Republicans are trying to mock things up and then. Whenever it's convenient, they love dipoles, hand recounts, whenever it's good for them. But when it's good for the other side, it's unconstitutional. We're going to fight it. I mean, who are they? If they lose the ballot box, you know what they're going to do? Don't you think they're going to start? They're going to put in their own guy because they, they've got the floor to less. You've got it. And then his brother. What is sham that is? And his brother's girlfriend. Exactly. Okay, good luck to you. Well, thank you. I'm a play. And I'm stood on. Baby, I'll see you in the real-devastaline. Whether people maybe a little bit rude, but at least they understand what life is all about. Even a candidate, they got a much better grasp on it and what life is all about too. Much better. They're light years ahead of us. Hey. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. By the way, if you heard Ted David say something earlier this morning, if you thought it hadn't say that. No, I forgot to mention that. If you heard Ted David say, he didn't really say that. I always do in Ted David's voice. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, I mean, yes sir. I'm a little, yes. Bush becomes president. We are getting help with your alcohol. He can cough up when sedam and he gets into the arena. Also, the whiskey is right around the corner. Yeah, but the whole world, which they were Democrats. Okay, whatever you said, anybody said, No, the true was pretty humiliating. The true griff me for about five seconds. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pump five, six, the only AT&T and provides a marvelous line. I just, I'm not, don't talk for fallen in the show, but I will say this. You got to admit that the dolphins this year, nobody expected anything from them phenomenal. They want said great job. J. Fibler, good Jewish bro, a tremendous job. Nobody gave them any credit, nobody anticipated anything. And no, something they're 10 and 3, they're kicking ass. That's just when they're kicking ass. And nobody's talking about it. I know that there are, they're all talking about the BCS pool. And I've told you that for years, that's the mentality. That's the level of this town. More a soft-a-more college sports. Oh, I'm going to college football. I take that back because they don't care about college basketball. College football. That's the, that's as far as they grow up. Beyond that, they can't be older, which is kind of sad. And you know, something, so a couple players would like their legs. They can play anyway, at a boy's days. We don't care if they're injured, not, we want to be women. Yeah, I'm kind of shocked to that. I listen to some of these sports shows very briefly. And they're talking crap. And they've got this phenomenal team that just might want to God damn Super Bowl or at least go through it. And it's like that. I would care about that. I'm about to change the teams. That's more of the alley of this town. Like I've went to private business that's getting the high school stuff. And sports too. It's 11 before it's you and this is 560. You and the real Roger show. Sports radio, 560. You a half out of who's saying the mother. The child who's saying the mother. Oh, no. The child who's saying the mother. The child who's saying the mother. I write the copy, little, but I write. There's like some of the stakeholders say. Just get rid of that. You're a drinkin'我說 of ly Horse milk- the hopeful that damn sins. The little man makes a holiday stagger no 그게. The mum who said and the mother of mum. The little man makes a holiday stagger no 그게. The little man he makes a choice. So that arises, there is realkey. The two call goes to the minimum whenever as office starts. Since you're 16 now. The situation begins, you say. Well, what? It remains when you want to have the party. But everybody's always looking for self- matter. It just makes you want to find a good place. I'm a f***er! I'm a f***er! I'm a f***er! 20-0 there I guess that we need the candidate to come back and finish him off for good this time. It's 15-4-5-60 WDQA and 5-6-7. What's the poor results from RadioX? I'm probably on your Roger.com. Yes, it's a finally time for our border-consued. Yay, you're nay. Yes, 135, 35 percent. No, 252, 65 percent. Man, this audience, they're second-with-it-baby. You can't not them for their whatever. They're stickin' with it. There's a lady in full-waterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. In learning support to your arguments, if you happen to read about how to recover, or ask you for a hand-recommendment in the next few to those, and they're using the same argument for manual reviews. Right. The court lawyers are using it for. Absolutely correct. I think the self-straights are high. The absolute high of the hypocrisy, Howard, Republicans. And then you know something, if they could have found because, believe me, they examined it, they talked to the people in Iowa and Wisconsin. If they could have found that third-day were close enough, but they had a chance of pulling off when to no state. Still but in the same thing there. Absolutely. For enclosing you, I say God's Savisha and give her to the electoral college. Amen. And take a paper balance. Fine. Okay. No more paper balance. Why are you? That got before that. Republicans. Why is it that most Republicans need mental health? What is the problem with him? Turn right and delusional. All we don't want those computer things because then we'll be able to trace back and find out who I've ordered for it. All right. Yes, if I've ordered for who he voted for, I'd be pretty embarrassed about it too. How do I mention no names? Here's the lady mobile informyers. Hello. I'm here. Yes, man. Hey, thanks. Great. Yeah, I came in when you were talking about nerves and half naked people. Yeah. What were you talking about? Nerds and half naked people. And something about it, TV. No, no. I said that I was talking about the fact that the public wants this issue. It's with the good looking of scaddly-clad people. And as a producer, the show's in this country, I haven't figured that out yet. Oh, I thought you were talking about putting all the stuff from the election I'm seeing. Make it, yeah. People don't want to see this out, go. We sure don't want to see these candidates. They can, oh, God. Oh, yeah. I think I'm pretty turned on. I can say the boys. That's pretty whack. Oh, you're my family. You're desperate. You must be muted. I'm truly, truly. I'm totally hot. And I think I need therapy. But you know what? I got a little after a knowledge. Anyway, I was working my ass off though when they're guys from the... I don't know if the vote of automatic was on. Did you see it? Yeah, I saw. Oh, my God. Wasn't that brilliant? It was pathetic. No, but the awesome family nation. I want to say that. His answer is real pathetic. I know. It was called, like, give him some of the fact that he's seen this. Yeah. But anyway, and we'll see you on... What do you say about Amsterdam's view on what Avenue? The rude to Vaseline. I thought that was hilarious. Okay, it's here. Five. The one more slot. That's the name of the street. But it's common to call the rude to Vaseline. That's because our goldstein leaves his Vaseline on the rude to Van. Whatever it is. Hey, he leaves the trail. I think it's very acceptable. I don't want to say it. I don't want to know. Actually, you know, my luck in November, they were like tearing up. Because what I don't think about that. I'm like here, clearly you all are constructing the middle of the season. Obviously offseason in November and then the others bad. Or to be here. So there's no...