The party's going. All the year. All the year. All the year. Got him. I am a killer. They can buy a stock. Listen, one gets thrown on their backs. Jesus, please not back. Jesus, pay the silver. Have been never shot of junk. Both in won't get thrown on their knees. Reason, touch, and trust. One thousand thousand thousand. And even the grass. All the time. The power of the power of the star. It makes you fucking ass. You fucking star. You fucking star. You fucking star. You're the groom. He has that. He's not proud of the power of the star. You fucking star. Power of the man. All year. All year. All year. All year. That's why he's here. When the city has to pay the silver. Get out of one town. Till the gas is set, get killed. Now she's got it in front of. Take some good, there's not a joke. For a German boat. But you're talking to yourself. Come now, I want it's not. The power of the star. Stop. I can't get in the grass. Stop. Stop. Do you like to speak about it? You can't run. Stop. Do you think it's not your hand? Yeah. The power of the star. The power of the star. The power of the star. You can't. All year. All year. All year. All year. All year. All year. All year. The proof of getting higher. All year. The proof of getting higher. All year. The proof of getting higher. All year. The proof of getting higher. The power of the star. Stop. Can't get in the grass. You don't follow the stars. You don't. You like to speak about it. Now you don't. Is it good to be as bad as the stars? Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Can't 40 times 50WCM to the Pope. The Pope says that it recedes an inquisition and the Holocaust and all of these things. Not what you mentioned by him. He wants God forgiveness. I will give it to you. You want your forgiveness. I will give it to you. Damn it. Yeah. Pope seeks pardon for sins. For all that slaughter would all be a grotesque, a hostility and intolerance to all these groups. I will give it to you. You want forgiveness. The answer is no. How about any pope? No. Not him either. Piece of crap. So there you go. Danny Boy has retired. There are people having an nervous break. We already know he was going to return. If we know this for days now. When I was class he's a classy guy. Thanks Danny. Good luck. Goodbye. That's it. Farewell. I like the dolphin organization which has absolutely no class. You want to know why it has no class? Look at the owner. Look at all the ballty. He's up there. He always has to look good. You see? He's the one with a billion dollars. He's always got to look good. And put on a good show for the public. No matter what the hell it is. He's the one with a tearful thing with a blockbuster. Oh yeah. What happened to blockbuster parkway? And we're going to get that. Oh no. He would never lie to us. We're not getting that. That thing. He stole his 85 trillion shares in blockbuster. And all well isn't this a sad day for everybody. And then the business about the arena. We're going to lose the hockey team. And well, I would never lie to that one. That wouldn't even play that thing again. And now he gets up there and they go through the whole ceremony. Like I said, because Muno's got some class which the organization now doesn't cause Wayne owns the team. So actually he says all right things. But do we want to talk about that? No. Here's a mobile in North Miami though. No good morning. How you doing? Yes sir. I don't know if you're ready to man. We are all this morning that it planned to be planning to expand. I ate this role between five and five all the way. I don't understand that I did read it. But it says it's not the same street. They're going to be east of the current highest road, which is 112. How they're going to do that? He's up to canal. I think they're going to build it through the canal. I don't get it. I don't get it either. Oh no. That's going to be a lot of traffic to our community. Yeah. And you know, and I've been living there almost for 10, almost the same time as you. Yeah, but don't forget if they start tomorrow it's going to take, it will be dead and very bad the time they finish it. Don't worry about it. Oh, no. Anyway, that's all I wanted to say. Take care and they say. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Woo! There's our first comment on Marina Retiring. I don't give a shit anymore. That's what he said. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Anyway, I'm Friday. We had a poll question that is so incredible to resolve on it. It's just nine boggling. The question why should Neil buy a gun? We had a thousand 46 votes. A record-breaking number of votes. 523 said, and 523 said, no. Shock, just astonishing. Mind boggling. I mean, all weekend long, a couple of times the yeses would be five ahead. Eight ahead, it would be even, again, even Steven. And we get down to our final tabulation here. And I was in 46 votes. 523 said, and 523 said, no, don't do it. Get the canole, but don't buy a gun. Of course, am I going to tell on the air whether I buy a gun? I could have like 10 Aussies in the house and the audience could have no money. No, it's my business. But thanks for voting. Are, what? And that's just the way it is. It's always good to let people think that you have a whole bunch of guns. And by the way, speaking of crazy people with guns, the big I-95, Jan this morning, up in Dearfield Beach, was because there was some looted-ticking on Motel Park and lot with a gun. And so the BS was probably a pretty good idea. Well, you know, close up that road till I found out what his problem was. Another looted-tick with a gun. It's nice to do your line of work. You see, you know what an American is? And most people say, yeah, an asshole with a gun. That's what they'll play. Right, that's an American is an asshole with a gun. Anyway, our poll question today, since we already did the morning drive, which was a very, and I was okay. What do you listen to between two and six for listeners of this program? What do you listen to after this show on a radio between two and six PM? Hank, power 96, Zeta, while 100 W-I-N-Z, W-M-G-E, W-I-C-J, the coast kiss, W-B-B-G, or on the B-G, whatever that is, big or other. You'll see the list there on our neorodges.com. This is just a little survey to find out. Since now that the trend came in and we'll make a nice comeback. Why do this place will make a nice comeback? And they know that we're December January ratings were nice comeback. Thank you. God bless me. Thank goodness. And it's part of this place. Why the way is speaking to this place is that new phones system in yet today? No. No. How do you like that? Can anybody believe it? Yeah. Shocking in it. Astonishing. I bet you're really surprised. No. That new phone system. I'm sitting around here. We got a couple of instruments here. But I think because that stock is going so bad. I think that they may have to repo their phones. So we're not going to put them in yet because why waste the energy. That's what George Corso says. Why waste the effort, which is basically his motto in life. And that is motto. Why waste the energy. Believe me, he must have a lot of energy saved up that guy. Do you know what I'm saying? Anyway, 1045 at 5.60 WQA. No portion of his broad desk may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM. Be fully re-exquisitioned. I'm so sorry. I'm here with me. I've been a morning and I'm here. Me and with me up with a fun. I'm here with you. I call me a lunch and I'm a hungry girl. We're still for a guitar. And you learned to love and care. We're dead for a guitar. Why do you work in my room with a darling meal? We're dead for a lifetime. I'm here with him. My name is Noel Lanzi. My name means to me. I'm playing at old Zeta thing. Are you wondering, that's probably bad news. And I figured who better to utilize the bird in his good close friend George. Glenn Hill died over the weekend. The bird died. He died. To say it's a sad that Dan and Marina retired today. The bird died. Brian Barard of the Maple Leafs, Young Defenseman, just the days after his 23rd birthday, gets a stick at the eyes. I was going to lose the sight net. I would never play hockey again. If you were to game on Saturday night for Macaron to talk about sad, that was sad. Was that sad? Oh boy. It seems to me that maybe most of the Panther team has died. I would say this is just my own idea, but I think that if Wayne wants to raise some money, you could start charging a lot of those guys on the team admission. Yeah, charging for a beginner to get into the arena from now on, because most of them are spectators lately. So charge them 65 bucks to get in. It would be a real good idea. Maybe here's a call that remembers the bird. Did you say to the bird? Remember that guy? Oh yeah. As long as one of your people by the way, another millipenshulio. Anybody go to Kaiio, Choyesta, then? No. Let's crowd. George didn't go, did I go? No. Damn, and I forgot all about it. Here's my enemy. Hello. Are you? Yes sir. Hey. How are you doing, dude? Okay. Listen, about the gun. By a police of chief. It's been a while. My police chief? Yeah, it's only five bullets. It's a small report. I don't want to talk about what kind of gun to buy. Oh, you know, one inch borrow. Uh-huh. You'll be, uh, you got one inch. Uh, well, well, therefore you can put it in your pocket. You're anko, whatever you want, because this is a small enough to take. And an expression of immediate defense. Uh-huh. It doesn't matter. That's five, six, twenty. So why don't you do my short-grade red walk in or I could defend myself immediately? Why not two shots? That's all you're going to be. Okay. I don't need a big fix for with twenty twenty twenty. I don't need a big one. Okay. Okay. I'm looking after you, Neil. I'll read it. Okay. Okay. By the way, my retirement team, I got all the press conference. No. See, I mean, with all the respect, Danny, we love you and all of that. But it's just the way that this stuff is done nowadays. You know, these sports, all the sports stuff. My last day on the air, say hey, this is at buy. See, thanks. That's it. That's it. Don't need a press conference, I mean, not that I'm comparing my importance in touted-in Reno, although I have been here a long rabbit on the air for 24 years. Danny only played football for 17. And then did listen to the show. Probably not lately. But did listen to the show. To show you what a push lead town is. Yesterday morning, I'm on the phone with your best close personal friend, Rimmer. And he says turn on channel 10 immediately. This is a 10 minutes to 10. And it's during their Sunday morning news, which by the way, blows. And they're doing their sports report. And guess what boys and girls, it's on tape. And guess what? It's the wrong tape. It's from last week. There for channel 10, another push lead operation here. They're showing the highlights of the Panthers' Blues game from a week ago Saturday. And then the guy comes on and starts talking about the D'Round golf tournament, which was last week also. While all of a sudden they chop it off. And the puts that's on there doing the news. Does he make any reference to it? Does he apologize? He make a joke about it. No. He just goes marching right along. And I thought to myself, there's another classic example of what this town's all about. Bush Freakin League. Nice going channel 10. Given the sports stories that are only a week old. And guess what? The Yankees won a World Series. Oh, that was special. Nice going guys. You're the best. Here's a lady mobile in the keys. Hello. Hi. I remember the bird. Yes? Very well. I'm sorry to hear that he's passed. Yeah. I hope you don't hear that he had MS for a long time for years. Oh, no. I didn't know that. And he was in nursing home here for last few months. And I just thought about this thirty night. Oh, my god. That's really horrible. He was a young man. He was a much younger than you, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would say he was in late 40s. Wow. Well, I think that interviews through the bird. You should play the guy trying to get him off the phone. I'll play radio. Okay. Excellent. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Okay. See, there's somebody nice that lead it to a lady. See, the man they're like, they figure they got to well live up to their image. You know, a be miserable prick. But the women, they got a heart. They're like some of them very nice. Yesterday on 16 Wild. You missed this. Has the bird? Yeah. Bird, how you doing? Okay. It's a different thing. It's a different thing because I can't stand listening to you. You, uh, you said I could do it. Do it. It's a different thing. Or can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, god. You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. I'm not just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God, kids, stand in. Well, then why are you listening? I play something already. Why won't you answer that? I can't stand in it. You won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello. Yeah, I think, as, uh, kind of a special, no way of honoring Glenn Hill. We got to play this during the entire show that they, which would also piss off George profusely, by the way. No, it's what I like about it. Because he hated the bird. Did he despise him? Did you ever even meet him? Uh, in person know that's in person. Everyone met the man and you hated him like poison. How do you, uh, destroy the show though? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's a poll quite and that would be bad. That would be a very poor taste. Although we better do it after somebody dies them when they're alive. So another death that we stuff, you're a little ass into a box of things. You think George was good when I was on vacation or not? Yeah, something like that. And how would you rely on the back? Because then it's embarrassing. Say, you know, say something crap. Oh, you're used to it. We're all used to it here. Aren't we on this radio station? Uh, and it's make believe played. Uh, so Danny Boy has retired. He's moving on. Good luck, Danny. Nice to see you there today. Did like I said, but class, classing guy raises a lot of money for charity. There's a lot of good stuff in this town. They treated him like crap. Couldn't the organization just doesn't know how to do anything right. Do you know what I do? Anything right? You called headed freak. No, you poked Mark piece of turd. I don't care if you got a trillion dollars. You're still a piece of crap, Wayne. You can smell it. When he came on TV, people started holding their nose. Just he asked if it could smell it. They said, oh, God, it's that Wayne oozing all over the place again. I'm not going to excited about it. From minutes before 11 and 5. 60 on a best part of the news is no Marlins game today. Oh, wait till you hear the reason behind this. On this sports nerd station. Because they want to sort of they get us off for here. So only the highest rate is station by far in this radio station again in this last trend. Before they finally move us out of here today, they want to make sure they hop into that sports stuff right away. And soon as possible, we don't miss the opportunity of squeeze enough of this Danny thing. Yeah, they want to squeeze you Danny. But you're not my type. But don't take it personal sweetheart. Dream in it. Before 11 at 5.60, WQM. I will give it to you. Don't you keep a hand. I have a good body day. Wow. How you doing, honey? Let's be no threat in the presence of the United States. This is my state of the women address. I know the few girls who said they were good. He had the millies there to tell you that girl. You're not. They used to wear makeup and rip away pants. But when they looked this way, they were under my triumph. Wow. You think you're a bitch? Wow. You think you're so bitch. So Paul Jones, you got a new nose. That don't impress me much. I'm not far. Well, you got the brain. You got the touch. That don't get me wrong. Well, I'm gonna cure all of that. I'm looking to what I've been on my own. That doesn't impress me much. And I'm feeling a little more chilly. I'd like your number one. She had a type recorder that she kept on her phone. And after she I say, she was very the mom. She got herself the wife of a random Tommy Talk. But she still has ugly eyes up. I can't talk. Well, that's like she's the same. Well, that's like she's the same. So Linda Tripp got some surgery. That don't impress me much. Well, you got the brain. But if you got the touch. That don't get me wrong. Yeah, I'll play here all right. But now I'm giving it all up in the middle of the night. That doesn't impress me much. I'm feeling a little more chilly. I'm feeling a little more chilly. I'm feeling a little more chilly. A big chunky girl with a purple bride. That nail gambles nearly put their way. Well, I don't think we're leaving them off. Karanaur. I could have called. Well, Chamberlain. How does go? Well, I'm just kidding. That's a great show. Well, I think that's a good show. So Monica, you lost 40 pounds. That no one could have saved me much. Well, you got the brain. Well, you got the touch. That doesn't get me wrong. Well, I'm playing here all right. But now I'm giving it all up in the middle of the night. All right. But no one impressed me much. And I'm feeling a little more chilly. I'm feeling a little more chilly. Well, I'm trying to cut the brakes on her car. No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin Star. Once he gives birth, I'm like her offspring should hatch. Big ol' legs. And then as to match. Well, I think they take a picture. Time out of the world to thank you so much. So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from the arc. Not no impressed. Hey, George. Well, you got the brain. But if you got the touch. I'm going to be a little more chilly. But now I'm going to be a little more chilly. But no impressed me much. Thank you. That is my second win going to dress. I got to be honest with you. I'm going to be honest. I'm not too happy with Danny Boy. I realize he had no control over this. This whole thing was orchestrated by the dolphin organization. So let's direct our rancid them. And we'll go to the next division game schedule for 1250 of the Sanctrine. And I'm sure that most of our audience would much rather hear the Montenar's division game. Then our crappy show, right? Absolutely. And now we're going to carry it. No, now we got to go to a clock because like I said, they don't want to have no stupid Montenar's division game on it. When they get the hump right on it, it starts to tremendous uppouring of emotion about Danny and retiring to the. You see any outpouring on our phones? No, I see one call on there. Do I want to talk about it? No, of course not. Of course I'm not going to talk. I'm going to say I heard those stupid calls on a morning show this morning, including the people taking a cheap shots. Moron, those New Yorkers, those obnoxious disgusting stereotypical New Yorkers, with a disgusting sound that makes you want to barfe your or a life 400 meals out. Makes you wish that they would ride the subway with Bernie Gess. Exactly. God, disgusting, road test. So I think that we ought to put the guy there ball game on. What do you say? Let's have the guy there game on. Now, Josie Lambe by the way, right? It's a great thing about our good close personal friend, Al Goldstein, you know, Al? Everybody knows Al. I'm a fat Jew. That's him. He's in love again. That's right. His new, uh, his new, uh, squeeze 63 year old. Now, he's 63. I have no idea how much he is. How old is she, George? 41. 41. That's pretty old for him. Oh, it's that's right in there. Sorry, Josie. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's what people do. It says, just keep saying penis infergY bidgy in Hanymaged up to a one one or we seriously David just discreet and pathetic and Jackie. And were you all inspired the way to post a sudden a the desire for an acceptance of the apology? Oh, man. I didn't know who talked about that. Please say podcast as it was. Now there's been some great ways I wanted to identify with you. That they kind of really were as well. What's the point if you're giving the people because more to the people the O's the apology to our dead already killed by his kindness and his predecessors They're all dead how about Galileo's he? See they it's always hundred years after the fact is seventy years after the fact sixty years So is a little bit too late They apologize we're awfully sorry that we're killing all these people through all these years and doing these Roastest things and and also how can we didn't apologize for all the all the Stone Age policy that is Like force and all these unwanted goddamn babies to be made did you apologize for that? In fact he was it was like pretty general you know like I if I forgive us come on forgive us no Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hello Neo yes sir What else alright there you go good one there is dead that's a middle of your response you're on a very emotional day in this town Neil go to hell Here's pepper pines our last call hello I'm glad I get the fall that's great call right there. Oh, I hear the only call I got man These people got nothing to say it's another Monday in paradise. I think they got nothing to say They're all crying Danny boy we've hired today No dies right in the heart What is this side of an eye all of these things to pull plants a guy them Pan on the head or something We see nothing What is it the wings will two o'clock when they can wake up and then they know They're gonna go all through this little random raven Then they can repeat all the same crap we heard on the morning show this morning exactly You know and I don't want to hear that what is there to say he was greatly loved them thanks for the memories And now let's go on with life. What is the point? We have to have a ulogy here the guy looks pretty healthy to me He's okay. He's not gonna miss any meal Exactly, I'll take you to miss in one meal at all. You know is this Christ it's like a sickness this sports thing here. It's a sickness But it went actually, you know, Wayne actually gave him a look of speech there, you know Yeah, well he'd been always in the suck up. He always says the right things in public Always lies like to a seat except for that one thing, you know about the arena That wasn't the right thing to say but he's he did write every other time but just want to say you know You look forward to hearing your life because I'm gonna be off this week because I got surgery tomorrow So I'll be looking forward to listening to you every day. What have they taken out? What they're putting them? Put their new tenon my ankle. Oh, so I don't know a page maker Yeah, I hope and they don't stick anything up there, you know the other side there and the Electomes yeah that that's where I'm afraid of keep your wits about your path I think we're one of those chat people. So I go in this keep us saying can I get a witness? Just keep focusing that song good luck That's okay. Okay 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line and that's it go to hell nail screw you too You son of a bitch you rotten bastard because you won't you won't preside over four hours of crap here today No, I won't no I won't and maybe if you look at your numbers Blufflandians that have been such a jackball you don't understand that this is never all but Danny marino He's bigger than life they're gonna name a street actor. What we do? He's a goddamn football player was good one one of them Maybe the maybe the greatest quarterback of ever lived you know something great That's for you Danny. I love it. Always a big Danny marino fan and know the the ironic part about this whole thing is that the last month of the season when it were losing the they're got them as all of these people calling it on this station One after another. Oh, he's thanks these are soxy you know just rip it man ass Who they're gonna have to pick on now and you notice who is conspicuous by his absence Who I told you was a piece of crap this was the one show on this radio station where you heard the truth right from the beginning about that relationship Danny and Jimmy Jimmy and Danny they hitting each other like poison But the other people on this station some of whom I got their heads deep inside somebody Yeah, they couldn't tell you the truth about that Because that wouldn't be a good policy that would be bad to come on here and know tell it like it is So leave it to fatdle Neil I have to come on and tell you that they hated you tell the like poison Wasn't that a class was disgusting act. He only even showed his face there at all Danny, proud Jimmy push whatever hell his name is piece of turd Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hi, how you doing Neil great two things regarding the folks You know, maybe he said I'm sorry, but then he's on his way to Israel and he asked him to remove the Jewish star from an ambulance That's gonna be following him around all So what's he saying? I'm sorry, where could he do more as he's the medic thing? Second I changed its spots. Yeah Regarding Jimmy Johnson I realized that Danny didn't mention him at the press conference at all But I didn't even know he wasn't there until you just said it wasn't there didn't show Necrotesk Yeah, all right having nice day and back to yeah was Jimmy there? No, no, he was not there. He was conspicuous by his absence Because he's a turd burger got a big mouth Nice tool in the back set him up to the big fall then came in here always with finger pointing like he's on down all the time Finger point I have it's everybody else's fault. We got a shot. Yeah, we got a shot Transjoc your sad Jimmy everybody hates your like poison Except the course for People are connected you're happy, you know that was people are gonna be your drinking buddy 13 passed 11 at five 60 W to Q and woke up at two p.m. face down in a good My mouth tasted like mong I'm not brain is like butter Crawl up on my feet brush myself off Little for stoking Started to go Reach in my pocket pulled out my trusted AM radio God ready for the evening with a stand major shot God ready for the evening with a stand major shot God All the evening With the same ages There he is Yeah, they've been pretty hasty alive. I'm gonna be like Jan Marito. I'm announcing my retirement. Yeah Again from life how many times can you retire? I don't know So um Glenn Well If you could have had a little press conference like Dan did before when he would have four check it out That's right. I think everybody should have a press conference before they have to check out that's a good point Yeah, that's right He wouldn't have read all that porn or I think that's what did him and I had something to do with the bird too when you come right down with all those baby cage pictures Yeah, well, I figured I would Tall and That's my condolence. What are you doing these days? Are you on a plate again? I'm not on a plate. You make it see all my This don't know It's not made for here about you We're doing a morning show and Palm Beach somewhere and somebody called said to pre-to-gov can and that's the last thing I heard it heard about he he would about you Let me tell you what I did Yeah, I've done some TV I was gonna play that I told George about and just now he was that he was very nice saying that he was sorry He couldn't make it this play got like six great reviews. There was like you don't tell me He's right in the story. You couldn't make it double. He bet he just had a new to the of course I'm sorry. I didn't yeah Yeah, you could have seen me naked if you could come oh I said nobody here is sorry that they didn't make it Well, I'm looking pretty damn good if you say so. Okay So um, and you that's it That's it. That's all you have to say after our good the close friend the bird dies and that's all you have to say Well, I was already so depressed that come on the Saturday night after that horrendous Panthers black hogs game. I mean, I was just a real I Then I flipped through the tape and I see that Brian Barard gets his eye poked out and he's never gonna play again and the blood all over the ice And then I go to the answering machine. There's your message that the bird is died Well, I wasn't sure because you have such a great net work to suppose spies that everything but I mean, I mean, I called this morning. I guess called George this morning But wait wait well, when did this happen? What did he die? It was fried in The last time I talked to was actually was over the internet and we used to like help be asked together over the email And yeah, I was like the last time was like November and he wasn't he wasn't doing too well then So we used to dislike to fool each other and I was asking how he was doing and he's saying it's getting pretty rough Then the next thing I know somebody said he was a Work land. Yeah, so all the listeners want to know because I was debating somebody just a few minutes ago They would say how did he need land? How did bread get on you show anyway? Used to bother and bother you or something on I and Z Now you're gonna put it in terms like that. He used to come in and bother me Well, no, I mean, so I say that affectionately. He used to come in to your show He used to come in with a mail when I was doing daytimes that I and Z used to bring in the mail And then he used to come and he would sit him so he kind of injected himself into the show The little brother literally not father And he would sit down. He would like you know how he had to walk with that gimpy because he had MS Some of the sometimes with the cane and sometimes with not and he would fall down a lot But nevertheless he'd come in and sit down and he would just Lap a lot Hey, how are you doing everybody who does our laughing? You know, I say hey, it's a Tuesday You'd be laughing so in other words you had somebody on your show on a regular basis not out of Talent or abilities but out of sympathy is what you're saying now are you are these guys not even more Corby and the ground and you're already taking a shot at him He would be laughing his ass He's probably a terrible less bad. They used to add out of sympathy. I wasn't simply just injected himself there That's all it was ahead it's moment Glitter's looking down from here Everybody can use a professional suck hole now and then he used to come in and last people when it wasn't funny He'd come in and laugh and didn't say too much and he wasn't getting paid for it In fact, I don't really remember what his real job was you oh, you know what his job was he was kind of like the entertainment editor on Zeta He was Don't you remember he used to do out of 94 was the entertainment editor and the movies were all he's about C.B.K.S. The teen girls. Yeah He would talk to you. I really ames in the book shields and really ames in Williams. Yeah, and the P.B.K. We'd be saying what is Martin's score says he just came out with a new movie this week And why are you talking about beach blanket something? Yeah And so anyway when they said they wanted me to do mornings on Zeta I said oh well, okay Well, naturally we got to have the bird on there after you can't do a morning show alone I wasn't there you were there in the beginning for the first couple days they had that that guy what that was his name? Oh, yeah, yeah This job was his name I can't remember oh long long gone he was popped up all over he used to work places for like about two weeks and then disappeared He had a problem but anyway, so I don't know that on there I worked about two or three days He was very upset because he didn't want to he didn't want to be he was a very macho guy You know, he'd like to affect it. I was making all these bad comments on here and he just they couldn't handle it so he And of course leave very good Leave something ugly Yeah He was not an Indian don't be knocking the Indians for a while Jesus Christ I remember what he was doing Or he showed up and more I'd be in Vegas. I turned on the radio and there he would be on here doing a show on Vegas Leave your life leave your life somebody called and thank you Leave your life Well, I appreciate that was He got such a sour look at his face when he was sitting between you guys Yeah, like he did not want to be there I was trying to remember where the hell you got injected and what if somebody stick you on me? I think it was I was just telling a friend of mine we were talking about Glenn and all was I got fired from the breakfast club And they probably I was going back on weekends and I said well if Neil needs any help in any way like with phones or something Yeah, and they were like yeah, right So anyway over the weekend before you started that Monday They sure enough they called and they said listen, Neil's gonna need somebody to run the board and answer the phones You want to do it? I said hell. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and eat and I'll never forget I need it And eat And after two days I wasn't allowed to say anything and I find I kindly went into the other room and just quietly asked you as is the you might if I turn my Michael on once in a while And you were so nice people don't realize they think you such a bastard. Yeah, I'm a person But you were like oh yeah, go ahead and it turned into one of the do is great Probably the greatest show that was ever on here in this market was the show we had in the morning on Zeta I got more exposure out of that show than anything But we also something you remember that we used to have to come in early and of course We made a habit on a vote, but we were doing them a favor But we came in early to test the board because a lot of days the guy in equipment would more this seems to be a thing that follows me around every stage that go to they give me a bunch of cheap crap and your equipment doesn't work because they sure like your challenge over a while Yeah, right because they're a bunch of cheap bricks. That's why God So what what was the What was the story tell the story about the general manager that time when we were number one Tim Williams and he was like Oh man, I've ever known in my life, done more than Greg Reed, Tim Williams But the name was Yeah, oh yeah, and well they were cracking under the pressure Remember from wacky Jackie Thompson and all the other stuff they were getting and they were just crumbling under the pressure and being a little his hip operation out of Maine Janet broadcasting there so they they fired Jerry what that was the name the general manager Jerry Good close friend. He was a good Gary Lawrence Oh, yeah, that was a big name, but they fire him. He was a great guy and then they put in Tim Williams Who was the son and law of the woman their own the radio station and he's the general manager in his middle name with Call FM1 they were kicking ass. We it just a matter of months later, which at that time was not Exit that they had no numbers the rest of the day We come in at space and just we knocked off every morning show one by one We knocked in fact we put Greg the Udela to a mental institution But yeah, and he calls me this is why you know It's great the number one and all, but you know, I'd rather be a safe number three No, no a safe number three I says how do you do that how do you be a safe number three and he went Like that and that of course was the beginning of the end and why the hell I got out of there I think you said he says I could be number one and how if you give me a chance I could even be last but how do you be number three? Yeah How do you do that how can you be a safe number three? Number one number two but number three You tell wrote me an email saying was really sorry to hear about Glenn and where's he waiting tables this week? And where really Indiana Watson yeah, nobody else does but but I sure hope he don't take it personal Because he'll mind up back in a wacky jacket again You know, he was he was real nice and He said something interesting. He says oh well what I can remember about Glenn is when he used to really Witt me when he was on the ocean. I was like that's not what this is about this guy I was right yeah, and it will let's do now he's still taking it personally Oh, say that that's him the rest of his life. Oh, he hated me the guys that already everybody hated me You know that's the whole thing well listen they take care of yourself and we'll talk again when somebody dies Okay, oh, I mean it's just the way it is you know how that is I'm sure a lot of you have people you never speak to but then somebody dies And you're gonna message and they just speak to them Look at this phone talk about dying Well, what an appropriate topic here on the oh I'd by the way W fa and w a f s today. She often did this trend No, not one that's six months they've been on here nice going very jackass into my me here They still didn't show up and Guess who their first interlocker was after the adenmarino press conferences morning Roy yeah, does that tell you how desperate they are over at Waffen? We're laughing at Waffen and very jackass in a hero. We're trying to put it pull it over on us didn't work did it 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 877 785 6345 Anybody have a heart or a liver? Hello, I'm Linda Tripp recently I had $30,000 worth of cosmetic surgery done on my face People have been asking me lately. How I feel? Well to tell you the truth. I feel great. I Feel like I could touch the sky No more dogs circles underneath these beautiful eyes People compliment me on my brand noon nose. I put my hair in pretty big ribbons and balls Yes, because I'm a six-year woman since my new surgery I think I'll have the judge over for dinner and tea. I'll turn my head you'll treat me great And then we'll burn those silly tastes I could stand loose on little wait, but I feel great 1133 at 560 WCU. I am it's just they've killed us today. They've butcher us. You know without the gun today I've gone bluff you really did it today We did we just have no show what they don't understand is you can't you can't do that You know if they wanted to see the Danny thing they could turn it on TV and see it anybody in the right mind And that's that's not our crowd is that our crowd? No This is like coming on after a guy dead Marlon's game 560 pound five 60 on a AT and T wireless life and then you're pretty just finished it off He put the frosting on it. You want me? Here's Miami. Hello How are you doing? Yes, sir? How am I doing your my only call sir? Oh, you're the only one who cares And I actually this the first time I call your shows on a moment this day like this nobody cares I know this is the first time I've called your shows and I made call of the day back in the IOD days in the early 90s so Anyway, if I wanted to you know talk about the bird The one moment I remember most There is Backlegs and some work Every so often the first couple years of IOD You would try to talk up a record and try to nail it Preferably and there was the one time where you did the circles red rubber ball right. Oh, I got that I got that yeah, I'd let the year that again. Okay, okay, okay, okay. I'm talking again the few years. All right Talking when somebody else dies. We're dying today. Boy, I'll tell you that. There's someone we do you have lucky big time. I'll find that I Might be a What is it what would be under it was the car that had the question mark on always? I don't see it back What was the call? It was the one where we did the talk up to red rubber ball by the circle It's not in the it's not in the DCS. It's like in the in the milk crate in the milk crate Oh, and all those carts I'll find it. Hey, listen. We got plenty of time to dig around for carts because we got nobody listening They certainly nobody calling 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Boy, this see they just don't give us anything I don't care just give me to pay check twice a month. I don't care. I'm just like then now I don't give a crap anymore no phone system it's sitting around on the floor somewhere Got the program director calls me breathlessly yesterday at home. Oh, we're gonna even we're gonna blow out the ball game because we got this damn Marine O'Pres conference. See, they did just don't get it. They don't understand they do not understand That you just you can't the mix apples and the halivars it just doesn't work together does it? Oh I say let's carry the Marlon game. Let's take a poll on that. Let's carry the Marlon game at 1250. Let's just put it on there Now what I'm curious about is the joint they must be doing the game because they got a network How does that work? You know what I'm saying? How does that hold do the work? Well, just carry let's carry like a couple of innings until Hank comes on Because we're sure not gonna be doing those show here today. You can see that Here's your call from Darrell. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Oh long time no talk to brother long time I see I'm back here visiting yeah, and I met out of my amy I was one of your guys What are they guys trying to get out of here? I finally made it nice going I did it's great It's great and but I hear I wasn't deal with the internet which is my only saving great Do I think I good about my amy is the new luxury show right? That's what I always say yeah No, I grew up on you. I was I remember going to the college and all that and my young start here about the bird Yeah, he did But my my most memorable Fund memory about the show was when you were playing my girl Against a span major oh, yeah, you've ever batted on the radio. Yeah, that was hilarious You guys I haven't paid to leave it or not. I'm a bunch of your stuff taped and you guys were cracking up because it was so funny Yeah, it was hilarious you guys did have the best shot. I don't understand why yeah Why they want it to be a safe number three because there are a bunch of pussy's over there That's why but you guys were the greatest man Thanks a lot. Yeah, I just got calling say you show still is good as ever and Have a good time listening to over the internet. Thank you for the internet. Thanks. Have a great life. Bye There's a guy to cut out in here. There's a good guy. You could tell he sounded like a real normal low living and breathing guy because you got out of here just in time That's why Look what we got here got a bunch of retards like those people come up to me to hockey game before the game Saturday boy I'll tell you guys you still just don't get it do you still just don't get it Oh, yeah, that big black guy. What's his name there the number eight that video right? That's where it's that where it's that all this team blows baby But don't try to tell that to those fans out there because they're a minimum of like that. They have no their clueless Clueless If we could have just had raw I'll make sure those phones will be smoking That's right and by the way, where's the rest of that money for center one screw-an? pitch Sardown stairs this morning. That was a hell of a way to start my day. She we've done it with Gary Sarner to a play a little grand pass with each other Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello. Hello. No. Are you doing okay, sir? Hey? I want you to also something true story my friend and I take on it. Yeah, yeah, we yes We were flying back from Los Angeles and we had a commitment flight from Houston Yes, back to Fort Lauderdale. We were sitting waiting for the airplane a little late So the students and the two pilots were there waiting on the plane and the two pilots fell asleep in the chair What in the hell do you do that a situation like that? I will bring out. I've got you okay. I think you just the crank up of the foodfighters learning to fly and you'll play real loud Now get to hint I Can believe it man. This is unreal. That's just heard a report on the special bow Pile is we're flying like too long in the day. Yeah, they they had this thing on about the thousands and thousands of flights That were like should never have gotten off in the first place and all these horrendous things and complaints And guess what's your line was the worst again a miracle worse The worst oh my god, so if you've had your life state of hell off America Thanks a lot no, okay good luck pal Just mentioned that again try our friends it lost biggest national airlines. I think I better maybe I ought to go out there today What do you say? Uh-huh get there a lot of here? Now this is depressing the bird dies Brian Barbarbe loses an eye his career is all done We come in this morning our career is all done just just when we were making a comeback here in the trance And they screw up this highly rated show for a goddamn Dan Reno press conference We love you, Danny. We're great guy, but it was there any surprise there this morning. No I mean if only we were reporting it today after day after the air-re story and a front page the back page the sports section the front page The comic section every page the same crap here We've had 72,000 articles written already and you want to be a dandelion banston hasn't written an article yet Besides that's stupid article last week about I always got a stay and keep playing for the children The only reason I didn't write an article you were liesizing for a little Danny marino boy is because he's not his fan Because he's not Cuban like leave on oh Yeah, we want a world series the humans we want a world series and that shocked it. Hello to me. Did you know that the Cubans want a world series three years ago? No, yeah, that's what Dan LeBanster said The crazy person probably still under where the hangover kaiyoto no doubt Here's hialia hello Hey, Neo yes, sir. I'm call about that commercial have you seen it the archdiocese of Miami? Oh, yeah, I've seen it that getsky comes on air. Well, what kind of business do they got running commercials now? I mean, I mean, of course it is a bit of a start about it. Neil my five-year-old daughter says why is that man wearing a dress? You're right exactly. She's not sharp. I have the adults out there Hi, I'm Neil nice going to we are I mean your daughter. Anyone five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T on time for you bastards to wake up That's right there all drunk there and morning it's only not even noon yet But they're drunk because they're all in morning about Danny boy Will there be life after Danny is what they're asking oh no When they think of that colorless listless that team and a lot of people are saying hey, you know I've been a doll fan for 120 years, but this day wants that because he's such a prick and because of the The absolutely grotesque way that he handled this thing. I'll we hope he falls on his ass falls right on his back Yeah You watch you'll be screaming for all chula back did nice say when a blue shool out did nice say that He should stick around. Oh, you but I did not the brain stem Remember those great days See these people they get locked in like like things to last forever Like when I come out and do my last show on Wednesday. I mean, you know You'll enjoy Who are we gonna have in here instead? We're gonna bring in a room. Oh, how about what I've choose? Huh? Yeah, the two lives used from laughing that have no water. It's that have a big Oh, the book Here's a station that got their front page that got very jackass with a 400-part series Trying to puff them up over there and Got Greg Reed's a better shape that even this cheap ass company paid their lawyers to sue them because they tried to hire the little dog Yeah, that goofball that's the kid thick neck and They have no audience The old I'll say it again the only people who listen to that show are people at work here Those are the only ones The sports nerds who are counting the days until we fly to hell out of this place so they can have their little play toy to themselves Who's gonna feed them by the way? Where they gonna get all the good food that we get in here speaking of that by the way? Let's get some crap in here. I'm going back on atkins now since I've been on this other thing Which I've been cheating like crazy, but since I've been on the other thing my way today's pretty much the same I've kept off the 12 pounds there lost. I look lovely But nevertheless, but my blood sugar is bad Couldn't be all that candy oven because that might be it. Oh, seriously, but see on the atkins if you cheat Because of the fact that you're keeping your sugar nice and low the rest of the time you can you can maintain it But my sugar has been really bad since I've been doing this fat and fiber So we need to get back on the atkins Low fat atkins. That's what we need not all that fat. I'm gonna let meat and cheese You know what I'm saying too much God then meat and cheese too much fatty meat and fatty cheese makes you like Old gold steam You know when stuff called yesterday and said about that press conference if I had any balls that I said stuff on up your ass Baby if you run a net thing I'm out. I'm I'll be see you too. That's what I should have said This is how many hurdles can you or can this fat old you? Jump over this fat old thing how many hurdles how many of pediments can we put in your place for you to jump over? Does this audience our audience care about Dan marino? No, no, I mean even the dolphin fence. There's nothing to say now. Take care about Brittany Yeah, because he's got better teach than he doesn't a better ass to And she don't make her live and I'll put in her hands under some guys ass, but that might be more interesting to watch We don't know that sure here's Martin B. Hello Hey, hey, Neil here at T a sheep put her hands under the ass of those kids that are dancing with her there go ahead Sir, yeah long time marino fan, but I tell you it's just time to move on. Yeah, time to move on They go right Yeah, who's just for our day? What happened to him? I didn't see this and I didn't see that Was there a accidental thing that happened? It was a Marion Hosa from Ottawa was taking a shot and his sticky followed through and Is stick what I write up in Brian's eye and the blood was gushing down around the ice and they rusted my hospital He's the loss of vision in that eye and his career is over He was just 22 years old last week a hell of a good kitty was the rookie the year a couple years ago And a good defenseman, but he's all done tragic just like the Panthers Yeah, tragic that's the word yeah was a tragic weekend and hockey a lot of work tragic day I'm sorry about your friend Neil too. Okay, all right I guess that's it. I should have wrote some material down. That was that was a list and I'm most of these guys Like a marino fan, huh? Just he thought was the brightest quarterback. Hey, but he's not a bright-escal's a good guy You know he did a lot of great stuff in this and I'll say it again I'm glad you reminded me of this this town did not deserve Dan marino because they never made the credit that he deserved And now these eight of Pittsburgh we should have traded them for cordel when while we could have got some Great there. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, does we need a young athletic black quarterback a pansy ball at Cornell store That's what we need Listen, all those big and if I had if I had $10 for everyone of those calls on this station last five years I could retire right now and all of a sudden he retires in it the shot just oh, well, what do we do now? What do we do now? We got nobody to bash now 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the 18 T wireless line the Pope wants a goddamn forgiveness from everybody in the world He wants justice. Yeah, that's right He wants the entire world to give him forgiveness for his goddamn all his sins and all the crap that church has done ever since they got them invented I will I give it that's right FNA How about for all the and did he mention the altar boys? They molested. Oh, he didn't mention that either Yeah, right. They're still working on those. I'm done. I'm sure they are feverishly 560 50 50 50 50 West Coast over there in four miles. Did they care about Danny boy? Oh, they care about anything those long heads of it They're in a West Coast nothing not a touch not a feel not a squeeze 87 775 63 45 block Lindsey you're really done a nam as their mister meathead You think because our chief bunker ain't on here anymore all in the family you think meathead's gone wrong. We got a meathead right over here Over you understand this is important stuff where the sports station you're the flunky station is what you are okay That we're holding up here amid they be between ten and two hold it up and Believe me my arms are getting really tired That's what the full fight is the same guy damn thing they said Here's Fort Latterdale hello Yeah, yeah Where do I sense flowers for Danny? Probably the way why why why is he called Danny and not Dan cuz he's a jack all jacks if they're 80 years old It's the they're called a Bobby and Danny and Jimmy and the Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy Managed right now you had that now that's interesting That's one of the one exception and I Joey rose we never called him Joey now because they're not chocked anymore No, that's not making different No Bobby Valentine while that's right. He's still gonna cool make you more viscerally sick George W. Bush or Joe said that got got got got got It's a tie 567.0560 pound five 60 don't job sports anybody connected with any kind of sports Tommy Tommy Henrik Tommy howton kind of Billy anybody Billy Tommy Danny Yeah, that that's what it is Jimmy and Danny You would it would you call him Jim Jack you wouldn't call him Jimmy Johnson you know what you call him he's an asshole Yeah, that's what you call him The gangster coach how Cecil do a bite away Jimmy you still talking about Cecil these days? No Your grave robber you against the coach hate Jimmy Johnson despise him not personally I don't know him personal it's strictly business but personal I also still think he's an asshole Especially the way he treated Danny boy And you notice they gave Danny an opportunity to take a little shot there this morning He just he's too classy the guy's not gonna do it even though the hitting chair the like poison and even though nobody on this station Including his good buddy Joe rose would tell out on the air. Would you Joe? Oh, because you don't have any balls Chittos eating there on channel set of use on the neon channel six this morning. Oh my god Look like he was gonna start weeping any minute and why did he weep? Here's a mobile and cook at a creek hello In the all how you doing today because he works here. That's why he weeps yes, sir. Do you agree? Okay, now the reason I called is the first one sorry my friend are about the birds We've got a time track What is it? We may talk to each other no Okay, and I'm not drawing yet as far as I but okay the reason I called was about the Election of all yes Okay, I was curious to know what you're of a decide of the Issues on I'm a strong mayer you mean and proud Oh, I answer is no you want to know why because Ken Benny is for it because he aspires to be it and the best way to make sure he don't get it is devote No, against it all about single member districts sure I'm all for that, but now I'm not sure that's the strong mayor They hooked up the you referendom one inside the other But do you mean one inside the other another one one calls the same referendom calls for the strong mayor and single member Disappoints and but then there's another one that calls for the single member without the strong mayor there's two different Issues All the reason okay because I wasn't sure trust me Okay, well and As far as like you said about Danny and as far about the dolphins you know what would be the biggest Biggest joke in the world is the dolphins made the blood Exhaustia that'd be the biggest joke in the world Meaning what does that they didn't need Danny? You think they're gonna make the playoffs next year? The honest with you anything possible and football no they're not gonna make the playoffs never nice day Are we talking football here? Oh, I don't care if they make the play of I hope they've once that falls on his ass Because that's another thing the last press conference that we carry which was Whatever hell I was a year ago plus a year and a half ago that full-enigimmy Johnson press conference Where he was supposed to retire Remember that that was more the same thing Where the public was manipulated and lied to and I had to be the one guy to come on here and tell you that Jimmy was a using day a day one stand as a Blackmailing chip that's what it was all about Did anybody else on this station report that? Oh no because they all got their heads up the organizations collective ass that's why Never gonna hear the truth out of any of the sports nerds in his town because they all they're all suck any tutters But for whatever Here's a mobile and Del Ray B. Chilo. Hello me, old Ronnie James here. Yes, sir. I got a call We're mourning from Johnny dark. We told we the news about the bird. That was a terrible thing to hear Johnny what and saw him I'm not a month ago. You really wasn't doing so good right? Saturday losing the bird damn arena. Oh, you know time to go but yeah, at least damn arena still got his help in his family and millions and millions of dollars Yeah, absolutely you know the I call back into a 1990 I think that was you might remember this call sure It was a day the It was a day that the bird was on the air and you were like on your way into the studio You were late and it was about what you were getting ready to fire the bird and I was sucking up the bird I expect to be you know you could do a show on your own and you don't need that meal Rogers and you came into the studio My ass engine is that it was absolutely hilarious Yeah, that was it Well, you know when I used to have to when a kitchen go downstairs and nature would be calling and he would come and sit in my chair and do the show And back at IOD we actually had a monitor unlike this place where naturally They don't want you to hear what's going on the years personally between the day But they had a monitor running I could hear and and like old ladies I'll hear so wonderful and that's it He said that bastard And he said there's sucking up to him. You know, I was out of here Second you were I was you had done any Which which by the way always be the process to believe me And I Thanks for the memory yeah, I do remember that call remember that call. Oh well Hey listen when you get as many calls as I've had the last 24 years you can remember each and every one Yeah, last Tuesday I had three calls today I had four or five and that's what goes in this town It's the needle bags for phone calls. You're gonna love it. They love that they are obsessed with that Positive are you sure see I gave it it was like jeopardy I gave it the answer before you asked a question. How do you like that? By the way Rick and Sus made a little bit of a comeback there and see these numbers is this rating thing they suck they're full of crap Only one thing we do know for sure is picking a suck is that oh, that's they snatched that they're on What is it WLUZ lose big loser radio something like that? Stupid talk. Yeah, we're gonna win. Yeah, people you're gonna win all right the booby prize You're a moron you're an agent and a grave robber and a life destroyer beside see on the day when I'm announcing that Glenn just died It's appropriate that I should be ripping people's your an ass because this man has destroyed more goddamn people It in fact a pulp is a piker compared to him People's you ought to be walking around with a dress on a schmothon like the Pope because you're the same the same boat the same guy Dan Bonnano boat the story of human lives of careers Doesn't give a crap just continues sucking the corporate ladder and going out with these stories Oh, we will win with his memos and he was so proud that he facts to over here and I read it on a year did that do any good Sweet art. Oh, you still a piece of crap. You still got fractions over there 50,000 lots of pure on it Celebrated crap Schmidt. That's what you got you can smell it You two down 940 you can smell it after 10 in the morning. I'm sorry, Phil Well, are you sure nobody wants to hear those tapes actually he's doing okay at night But from a one-eyed with two one which is the only number they got all day over a one something by the way In any demographic that's what they got is fractions and ones With 50,000 watts Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, great. You know Jimmy Johnson I'm a firm believer in this Hey, you know And it's marino's career with the crappy did the last four years and holding them back and I let him check off on any plays Yeah, why don't I want to go to that they hated each other better He's been not a baseball Well, they used 39 years old how long you think he can play? All right, great with you. He was done. I know yeah, but Jimmy Johnson was an asshole. I think we all knew that already that is correct. Thank you. Okay. There you go. Here's a guy It's a Jimmy Johnson. He's an asshole. I second at emotion piece of crap Dan marino's got more class than his little finger than Jimmy Johnson will ever have it as whole big fat disgusting pork ridden body I'll tell you that right now. Mr. Gangster coach and that's another thing You know, so when they asked marino Quit would be interested in coaching and he said, oh, I can never coach the kind of guys playing today And he laughed at a big like a Joker smile on his post Caesar Romero Oh, he's dead too. Oh, damn it. I need that You don't know We keep coming up with this and every time we say he's dead He's dead Most of the ladies dead. I as he dead. Oh, you know I was there say was Virges Meredith. He's dead. How about smoky Burgess? Four minutes. How about Meredith back to your burning? Before noon at 5.50 WKM You'll support radio 5.60 Say, want to okay. I'll think we got a little bit more a compression go to the The little me have also a gravel Hey, we're broadcasting live hold on a second. Let me let me start that over 75 degrees in the budget spending hills you're on a great storm Already you'll die come on down with it. We're gonna get down by quick on dreads move Okay, hell about talking about sweet You are a baby on TV. Mom and dad were hooked together. Black-mine-winking lawn. Last time I lost something like that. Mom was yelling at the door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. He was that hot-up, boom-boom, gosh, she just went and where can pee? He's been told to pee. Oh, watching mom and dad beating turns. He's all the most of the ever had. But we watched those little wongers. And my father took it, bitch. If daddy's name is Helmer, why mom asked for ditch? Daddy grew to the thigh, folks at Mommy, what did more? She's gone back on top of them, but all he did was snore. Be it through the keyhole. Has your minute had? I can't wait to try this out. I'm throwing my plan. Oh, right. I can't wait to try this out. I'm throwing it in my class. Hey, what else I found? Paul, talk about great memories. Not stalker? Not to go. Anyway, it's 12. 12.035-60WQM. Look at these phones, baby. A-R-Smoking. 560-505-60, pound-560 on the AT&T line. How do I timeline? Is that line nine working here today or what? Yeah, that one's working. I'm about seven. Yeah. It's four. Can't play that on the phone system today. It's just these people. It's just these goddamn nerds. These deadheads. Okay, here's a mobile and nermer, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Sorry about the burden. He was ready in a training. I used to listen to him when I worked at B-Shift and number two about the purple powder gass and let's take this thing across the U and Y audience. Talk about a powder gass or a slavery in this country. The purple is nobody on the positive. Somebody is a powder gass and a slavery. How about that? He what? He's a purple, no one in the politics until the Caucasian race on apologetic for slave. How about if the dark race apologizes to the fact that they sold their own people to be slaves, how about that? How about the affercuters of apologize first? Sir? You're breaking up, you're breaking up, all right? All of a sudden, his here is here and he does miracle they're went up. Okay, we got the one call on this board. It's a good time. Yeah, yeah. Lord, the great taste. Yeah, that's why I said it to special. I look at those cards on the floor there and look at the miracle I found. 560, 560, Pound 560. Here's our last call for phone calls today. Boy, I say we're going to put that goddamn Marlins game. Unless these phones start smoking here. 1250, you got 45 minutes to top to you guys. We can just pop that baby right on there. Get you on Dave Hunter with a big Indian to the Marlins. Here's a mobile and Viro B, chill out. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I was wondering, it struck the flyers game last night. What you thought about it? I saw a part of it. What do you mean what I thought about it? What does that mean? Well, I just, I was here with a strier fan. I just, to be, I just can't get one wind drop. It can't pick up a game when he does every night. Really? Control the game and then, what do you mean? You can't let it fight. You can control the game. What do you mean by that? What was that? They got beat, they got beat better. Better team last night. Kyle, Kyle, I don't know. It's fire. What I got killed last night, they came out flat. But I just was wondering what your pain was with wind drop. It seemed like something like he shows up in something like he does land. That is correct. There's a lot of players like that. Some nights they show up in some nights. They don't. That's correct. Yeah, that whole team seemed to be that way. They didn't show up at all. Yeah. I just, I don't know. I just, I just wanted to over here. I hate to break the news to you. But the concept of winning based on how many goons can you have on the team? And that was a really brilliant penalty by primo there. And the last two would have been to the game and I had to put the goalie back in. And then basically four for daddy chance they had to get back it again. How many goons does it need to make a team? Yeah, they're just not going to, they're still going to pass the Broadway bullies in all our bullcraft. It's not going to forget it. Yeah, I think we brought street broad the, yeah, I mean forget it. It depends on the outcome when you go to do this. If you ask, block, I think you need about five or six more. Yeah, well, I don't know. If you didn't win like that last night, another prime example of speed speed kick there behind. Yeah. Uh-huh. But they do it out against that. Anything like that. So what do you want me to say? They're just the, they're getting beat when they play a team that's better than they are. Are they good beat? You think, do you think we're in Russia? Should take a walk if you're in a row? No, why, what does that mean? One guy doesn't win the game. It takes all it takes. That's what a guy is to win a game. Not one guy. Yeah, but it seems like what he's, what he goes through just kind of goes through the motion. It's all teams just don't say, well, we'll take him. Okay, we'll take him right now. Panthers will take Lindras, right? Okay. We don't like him. He's dirty, et cetera. So I'm going to take him. Yeah. We'll swap him for Robby, even up right now. Just double up the number, 44 to 88. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 8, 7, 7. Here's the mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I think not. Yeah, let's get a little more on my head. Okay, come back when your phone works. Okay, this is special today. This is someplace special for crab. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Mobile in land, 10, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. You a long time, listener, first time caller. Well, I want a bunch of idiots today on the phone. Uh-huh. I'm going to apologize for the Africans when health freezes or a joke. Listen, I just want to say love you, show. Yeah. That's it. Okay. Here's our last call, mobile in Miami, hello. Hi. First, let me ask you, what's it, bird dials? Image? Oh, wow. All right. I wanted to know that. And then let me ask you, sir. Last week, you said that your house got manned alive. Did you ever decide to get a gun or not? Yeah, I decided. Did you get it? I'm this for me to know when everybody else to guess. Oh, all right. Yeah. All right. I got to know that because that's definitely the right thing to do. That is right. You are the greatest. I am. I have a great time. And I really love you. God bless you. Yeah, we took our pull and case you missed it. Probably most of you missed it. In fact, you most of you missed the big end of the show. Because nobody had any deal with it. And the guy damn show was going to start today. And now we're still trying to catch up and make something out of make a goal out of a goddamn chicken droppings again here today. We had an amazing and astonishing response to our pull. So between us and the ratings that just came up, we must have somebody listening out there. 1,030,000. What was it? The final total? 1,048 votes. 523 or 1,046. Some guy damn thing. Here it is. 523 said, yeah, out of by a gun, 523 said, don't buy the gun. Even Stephen 50 50. It doesn't get much more even in that right. Oh, any more even in that. 523. So now let's split right down in middle. So what you must understand is that there's a big difference between the gun nuts, the gun lovers and those who have guns because we realize that we live in a barbaric slaughterhouse. So please don't love those of us who had the discussion or who voted on the yes side of this with the NRA nut cases. And like I said, it's pretty embarrassing to travel around the world and when you say you're in America, they say, oh, another asshole with a gun. Because that's the way to civilized world looks upon us. Assholes with gun fetish with a sickness. In fact, wasn't it just over this weekend that they had another spartre with a gun up there? Where did that was that one? Memphis somewhere? Memphis, Tennessee? What the hell was that song? Hank was singing that song on the Friday on the air. What the hell was the song, Johnny Rivers? Was that a ton? No, not the poor side of town about Memphis, Tennessee. Come on, poor side of town. No wonder Glenn died. He always was the press that you hated him so bad. I think that's what put him over the edge of the estimate. I don't want to put the weight of his death on your shoulders, but in this case, I'll make an exception. I can bear it. Okay. But not in front of me, please. Same it for the swing club, Mr. Hot Shot. He's got a bearer. Oh, God, what a thought. I'd rather see myself naked and quite frankly, when I stand in front of the mirror, I squint. 10 past noon at 5.60, WQA. That's incredible to me. Incredible, what a joke. What an embarrassment. She fools the people when she's acting nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But Hillary Clinton is so nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm making a lady I could be a man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mr. Julie and Hillary, they're so nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now, Rudy did you hear about this one? Where she said could be all at the punch. Rudy, what would you say to Clinton? Hey, you hated. I just threw in my shoe. If you believe Hillary Clinton is doing, man, I just threw. If you believe it's not been a per se, thank you, Mr. Paul. I'm 16 at 5.60 WQA and the guy with the eyes doesn't come to your appearances. Oh, I'd be depressed. Maybe if I offered him a ride. This Saturday, noon to two at Prime Co in Hollywood, is it the one in Hollywood? Which is located? What is it? Oak would plaza. Oh, the Oak would plaza. They must like you there because you don't make it to crowded. George will be there from noon to two at the Prime Co in the Oak would plaza. And Holly would we'll give you all the load on that. And we're also going to try to have some stuff to give away because this station, have any stuff? No, no, do we have any hooks to get anybody out there? No, no. Maybe you can get Miguel to go there with you. Huh? I bet you, I bet you a lot of Queen. I mean, a lot of people would drop on Saturday a few showed up. They're like my wife. Yeah, she'd hang out with him. She'd hang it out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe more I carry. She'd hang one out. So she's gone out of town. And this line nine we haven't had nothing. I bet you they expected that so. You know, 877, 7, 8, 5, 63. Now wait a minute. What color was that line? For just a second there that thing was black painted black. Did you see that? Uh oh. Do you think I'm joking? We better have a line check on the line nine. To see if it works 877, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45. I think there's another trigger in the wood pound here today. If you ask me. Look at that. That thing isn't it's not doing a goddamn thing. That line nine. Hello. There's something screwed up with that goddamn piece of crap. Yeah, bluff comes in at this morning. He's what's he while worked up about always got the end end. Marine O press conference. That's all he gives a crap about. Get off you stuff. Yeah. I said to him, I says the new folks. The new folks is the McStolatin here and the the the the internal phone here. It's still broken as it has been for weeks and weeks and weeks. I said, get off your stuff and just look at me. You know, like, oh, gee, I hope I don't have the stomach flew any water. A lot of here. Wait, did you hear the results on our poll? I know somebody's got to be squeezing himself. That's right. He's so excited about this. That was funny. Hank, the Humper. Our poll question on our website on neo-roggies.com. We already did the one on the morning show last week. Howard blew everybody away 30% the worst team was down there with like 15% pretty week, pretty week, pretty week, pretty week. No crossover with that morning show. But have an isolated we got a big crossover with the hopper. You bet. We got a hundred and twelve 102 votes is of a little while ago. Thanks got 43. He's number one 42.1% of the people listen to this show. Listen to the hopper and he acted on. Oh, yeah. Claudia. I'll spat you. He's got to stick together. Except the course for beef or who I don't think is really Jewish. Other is in second place with 40. Well, you see I could break it down with all those Indians and music stations. But nobody really cares. Other 40 wins. Stupid talk. Oh yeah. That bitch Liz Wild. That's the penis with giant ex-footerous lady. She's got seven. She's in third place with a 6.8%. Anywhere near reconside? No. Zeta's got four. That's a total of three. Big two. Power 96.1. Wild 101. A smegmo one, which by the way, smegmo is dropping into oblivion in his last rant. Another couple of months in this smegmo we've gone by the boards. The disco crap. What's with the line nine working on? Yeah. Works. Just idiots. But where were they calling from? Were they local idiots around the town of you? No, how to tell that he's? Right through your call folks. Out of town more runs. Like in Fort Myers. Lord knows. I want one asshole in Fort Myers to call right now and tell us how sorry he is about Dan Ruinau quitting today. What do you butt plugs over there on a west coast? We don't even know if we're on the air over there. Do we have any idea? No. No one is up. Probably aren't. 877-785-6345. There's something there's something in the air. You can smell it. Come on from the west coast. Nobody. Nobody for XDJ and nobody for kiss. How do you like that? We got no kiss and cousins out there. I want to talk. We didn't want her to. See, I don't think that thing is working out of town. I think you're wrong. They're probably local assholes. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, how's it going? Okay. I don't really care about Dan Ruinau retiring. I mean, come on. That is meaningless. Of course. He's out for fall player for Cornell. Yeah. Funny thing is. The same people who are ripping him are going to be calling. That's right. That's exactly what I said. He's got a retired. We got to get a athletic black guy. He's in Mobile. He's a statue. Yeah. The reason I'm calling though is I tried to call him last week. But I really didn't have time. You're talking about affirmative action. And you know what I'm for getting rid of it? I'm for the abolishment of it. Right. But the grand wizard that our governor. It's all in his grand plan to make this a right wing state. Right. I fully believe that this is one thing he can get past. Well, how about a show called A plus plan, which everybody's also up in arm as in protesting on that? Because he's penalizing the schools that already are in trouble. It's kind of trying to help them out and give everybody an equal footing. So to speak, as they're talking about. He's a fascist. And why should that come as a surprise? Unless you got your head buried this thing. That's a surprise by it. I mean, you know, you look at the vouchers. And that's just the whole, you know, getting kids to learn about. I mean, we need as much a crack to the public education system. And I'm waiting. I'm waiting for a portion to be in issue. And I'm waiting for other other issues to be, you know, front center and Florida. Yeah. And I'm telling you, it's a shame. He's going to bring his brother right down with him. He's a moron. He's a moron. And his brother is a moron. I can't believe anybody would actually vote for either of them. Well, I think they're in for our big surprise. I can't carry yourself. All right. Okay. 560, 70560. George, he's going down. He's going down. downtown. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know how you're today. Great. I don't really give a shit about Dan Marie. No, I don't. I mean, like that. I got a real quick. What happened? You didn't think that. Did you? How that happened? Yeah. I picked you up. Yes. My best friend, the quadriplegic. And he's affiliated with the money dolphins and the fundraisers. And so forth, they do a lot of important things for him. Right. And my community, Bernie Chevrolet, there's a lot of real nice things for him. So hard to fundraiser. And every time the dolphins have done something, get to, uh, can speakersly, is not there. Medicinal Reno. Yeah. He doesn't do any fundraisers. He doesn't do any appearances unless he's paid for them. Well, what do you mean by that? Well, just like, you know, he raised a crapload of money for charity. I'll tell you that. Well, he never does anything that he never does anything. It's affiliated with the team. You know, he's just, you know, he's a, yeah. Yeah. I'm sure he needs it. He's really deep in the, deep in the hole. Yeah, but I mean, you can knock him for other things. But as far as charity, he's raised a million dollars in this town. Okay. Well, I wasn't really, at the two times they did a fundraiser. He wasn't there. Yeah. I kind of took that to hard. I wasn't too pleased about that. But that's not my business. Doesn't doesn't affect me. Um, just real quick. I want to find out your company's busy read or their channels or whatever they want to call it now. You guys are huge multimillion dollar company. Am I correct? Are you, are you kidding me? This company is a huge, a whole five million dollars. This company has got two nickels to rub together. Well, I'm trying to figure it out because I'm trying to, because I'm trying to, is trying to suck a lot of onto inspecting who falls out there to invest in their stock so they can raise a hundred million dollars. That's what they're trying to do. Trying to be running out of the, they're drowning in a sea of red inks are moving further to the red sea. This is the red inks. Because I, uh, I plug in myself on club plug into the cigarette lighter when I'm talking to you when I'm writing to you on the radio. Right. And your radio goes, shop, nothing. I can't hear anything. And I thought, well, maybe with the black short. I got this for a sur if somebody likes a guy named cigar within a five mile radius of yourself home, you can't hear this station. You know, the major thing, I check all the other channels on the A and B. If somebody's scratching their rectum, that's some of the static electricity you can't hear this station. I have some believe in one more quick thing. What happened to Elion now? Did he fall to the second page of the new paper? What? I mean, you never hear about this little bastard anymore. Well, see, there's something to be a grateful for. Have a great day. Count your blessings. And that Marist Laces. Oh, God. If I had to see her one more time that's fucking bit. I'm going to puke all over my TV set over my 52 inch. A big hot, hot, hot, hot, hot. Which by the way, the guy was wrong about that. I love my TV set. And also, they were wrong about the road runner. I did have that one bad day and right away, all these people calling it, oh, you're going to hate it. Papa, papa, papa, papa. I love the road runner. It is scored scored fast. Man, it is faster than like a 14 year old kid hopping into bed with the Britney Spears. I mean, it is scored scored in media. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And what's wrong with a 14 year old guy hopping into bed with Britney Spears? I actually just turned 18. Sounded to illegal in America, isn't it? Here's a mobile in Oakland Park, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's he's giving them a bad rap. Let me tell you, he doesn't do with the team, but he has what's called the Dan Rino Foundation. Right. And I was on a football board out in Tamarack, and two years in a row, he gave us large donations to keep the lead going to the kids. And we also had a program for wheelchair kids. That's a bad rap. Rino does a lot of the kids. Absolutely. Very big text twice. One year, and then the same trick the next year, I won't get the amount out over the year. But he does a lot of work for kids. That guy gave him a bad rap. I mean, right wrong or indifferent with you, I love him. I hate him. He's the after the kids. Amen. Okay. Thanks. All right, bye. Just like this, his government, two weekends, they raised 400 grand. So how you can knock him for that. But that's the way this town is. I mean, no matter what you do, they're going to be people put the knock on you. No, I'm saying. Uh-huh. Oh, Danny Boy, we missed you, Danny. Already, you can feel it. You just, that's not the same as he used to be. Is it? No, not the same. You can smell it. Go put that Marlon game on. If we don't get these other lines that are up here in the next couple of minutes. I'm going to put that Marlon game on a 1215. You'll be real sorry. You'll say, oh, I wish I were to call just to fill up an open line because we pissed off the old man today. By our refusal, just because it's Monday. And just because the first 45 minutes, see, I don't mind planting part of the show. I don't mind time off. I love time off. But do it at the end of the show. See, that's where you screwed up the dolphin organization. And they did that just to screw me. That's why they did it. That's why I wane to it. If it was Danny, because Danny loves me, he loves the show, Danny Boy. He's one of the few juxtonists down. Who admits that he ever listened to the show. See, if it would have been up to him, he would have done it about the court into one one or clock. And then we just set way right in the Hank. And it would have been perfect. Because then all the sports nerds would have called it. Oh, Danny, I remember this past. He's true. And that would have been great. But our people, it's like, gee, what's going on here? It's confusion. It's like, where's that fat faggot on her way? What's going on here today, did he buy a gun? And what's the story? We're getting lunch from Atlanta City, Sub today, by the way. God, I love those people. I love them. Even all course that stuff has you got a lot of fat in it, but nevertheless, it's delicious. Man, they got really good, toughness. 27 after noon is 560 W2X5. This is breadheading. And you're listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan. New Rogers on Sports Radio, 560 QAM. Here we go. Here we go. We're on my phone. One more time. We're in full street. Just to doubt the best of hustler and I'm starting to feel heat. Some of the icy people. Check it out, my butt's flashing. Yeah, I got a first class ruser. It don't pitch the 10th margin. Now, for the rewardee. A fine day near the possible road to see her. I'm sporting the rewardee. I feel like an absolute hour will. We've got to go to South Florida. Here's one more to. I'll leave you up to the day's basement. Let's see what he would do. He's supposed to face the speed. As he headed far to South, there's a pretty little ghost. She's waiting for his boat. Down in the jungle room. We're sporting what is his man's best. It's really impossible to see what's going on. He's got his brothers and best. He's still acting natural. Who's out real? He's fought for it isn't his best. It's almost impossible to see what's going on. He's going to go to the gym. We're going to be walking back to South. There's a lot of bags of shorts and bags of clothes that young guys wear. There's really a very unusual one. Actually, you see one, damn it. 26 before 1 at 5. 6. Here's the fact that this is Neil. You're missing the mark when you pull. I'm always missing the mark right? Number mark in the dark. When you pull the audience concerning radio stations, you see our old goddamn fart that says old smelly, French fart. You need to include magic 102.7. Before we listen to me for an afternoon, you'll have a big number. Am I going to include magic 102.7? No. Because we don't want to piss off sunny fox. Anybody remember sunny fox? He's an asshole. He works on kiss now. He's still on there. Or he have a little relax. He's okay still on there. We love you, sunny. We love sunny fox. No. He's one of those people to be honest with you. I mean, you hate him like poison. I never hated him. Started it. What? What? This is sunny fox. I listen to Neil Rogers. Good. I can hear the word asshole. Yeah. Well, maybe it's the food fit. He's an asshole. If the food fights fly it. But if we got somebody old execs for a shot, there, how come nobody called any had to tell you the name of that Johnny River song? Memphis Tennessee. Whatever that's all. That's why I just played what he's a Memphis. I keep going through that tool. Hank was just singing it on the air. They're on Friday during his show. Just by coincidence. And I can't think of the name of that song. So if you're such a bunch of oldies, maybe in Jothik, where's the name of that song? The song isn't called Memphis. That's not the name of that song. Here's candle. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. Looked on color. One time with us. Yes sir. And why? I just got the tell you. I got the voice three years ago. Looking for regulations to have. Yeah, no. I'm working F and W. But the woman I got the voice, I'm going to jump back to the village. She said, well, I'll make a list of the things you have to do. What? I have to stop listening to you. Oh really? I swear. How do you like that, huh? Well, yeah, that's me Bailey thing. She said you have to stop listening to me. That's fucking bitch. Yeah. I love it. Me too. And then I was also supposed to remind her when it was Sunday, so I could give her a ride to Catholic church. Oh great. Isn't that fine? You know what? I really do miss that. Back to my face. Okay. Okay, bye. What is it called, Nensha? It was a Chuck Berry song. Maybe you were going to leave her. I know that. He's saying a lot of like, maybe he did the Megalene, which was a Chuck Berry song. Johnny Rivers, he ripped off a lot of good stuff. But he was good. And I used to have a CD with all his greatest hits and right behind me. Is it there now? No. I scoured this room. Somebody around his place must love Johnny Rivers. And I hope they'll enjoy my CD. Which is about number 589,000 that's been stolen for me over the last 24 years. I could over up my own slot cluster if I had to let those CDs back. It is called Memphis. That's what Woody Gravers had. Woody Auditor. Woody Graver. Well, he ought to know. Woody Graver that caught me. Those seats at the back door voice constitute up there at that crab place in Palm Beach a couple years ago where I got an ammonia that outside that horrible awful coral. What is it called? Coral Sky amphitheater? Yes. That Woody Graver. I got this for if 98 degrees was performing there tonight naked. I still wouldn't go there that well. Maybe. Somebody called to say the information. Please. That's not the name of the sun. I think we're the sun. Information. Please. My ad. Information. Please. That's one of the lines in a song. Oh, if we these are imagined. One of they listen to magic. That's where the crap-oldies are. So they probably a good song like that. They would get 500 confirmations. Is that this? Yes. See that this is. I could have said here all day. I mean, I know he says Memphis Tennessee. What are. But that just didn't seem like that was in the song. Two obvious. Poor side of town. Well, I'd be no wonder the bird hated you. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the HD and D line. And he out of top line. 870. See now you're starting to take it personal. You're starting to take it personal. What about him? Yeah, about him. Don't be picking on you. What you're going to do not these dead in a box? What was he going to do to you before? I could kick of this. Yeah, exactly. Or in now. That's your kind of opponent. Yeah. Somebody was either on a goddamn crutch or in a box. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, bro? Great. That's a new guy's or great. Yeah, we are. I'm the snowbird from hand-traum. All right. And where I talked about the last year. Yeah, sure doing. I finally, the other day, I couldn't get back to you. Yeah, it's pretty good. But two or three colors could black people said, hey, you know, we're not like that. We had a chance to work. We worked. And now we're doing well. Yeah. The two or three percent of people are looking for a handout and if you send a bling and everybody else for their stupidity, yes. You know what? But the first thing I thought about because I've had experience back home. These people that got out of a trash, you know, like two or three colors. I wonder if they're helping their own people to get out. Okay. Well, listen, take a survey and call us back next week and let us know. Five, six, seven. This guy's got a lot too much time to worry about these things. That's the one thing that worries me about him. What was that? No. Nobody wants to go on the air. They just want to tell me the name of the song. Which is meant to. Yeah, we already got that. Okay. The song's name was Memphis. Okay. Which I think is where we just had that. Heading outside at school up there over the weekend, which of course you people aren't too concerned about because they didn't even make a big deal out of this one. We've had the whole routine. Yeah. We've had so many it just routine. How many kids got children school last week across the country? 122. Oh, that's not bad. Now what's for lunch? Speaking of which. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I think we may have to put that Marlon game on in love minutes because we just can't get that line nine spoken there for it Myers. We actually had a caller in four Myers. I don't think we ever got a money here. No. No. We're starting to dislike you people over in the West Coast. We're starting to don't take it personal unless you want to. We're starting to get really porked off with you people. I think probably the beesleys are paying them off not to call their show. Here's Hialia. Hello. Marlon. Yeah. Here's Pompano. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes sir. Good morning to you sir. In fact, my condolences on the bird. And I tell Georgia to never even worry about it. I've been listening to you for a long, long time. And he can still take care of himself. He's better than the bird as far as I'm concerned if he could do that. I'm going to come in on that guy that caught him. My other silly fan. The fire's just stunk last night. It wasn't just lindros. It was Ricky. Ricky. He plays for the capital. Ricky, you're asking me more. Ricky. Oh, Samuel. The whole team without it. Why is it necessary to critique an entire game? Because they lost a game. Yeah. It lost a game. I know that's going to be a big deal. Is this guy expect to win every game? Just because they keep going out there and signing all these guys. I'm not sure if he's going to win every game. I mean, he's not that good. Yeah, he can't. And I had a question for John. I know I was rooting against him favorably. I know what the players are. I know how to play the players. That's correct. I know how to play. And it is the which the least of got 88 points in the flyers 85. And I'd like to see make sure at least if I know. You hate my players as much as I hate your least. I guess who's one nine in their lives 10 games. Can I ask you a question on Mr. Russo? I know how much we hate him. I don't hate him. I just, I'm and by the way, they hand him on. They hand him on the telecast from 10 to the other night. You think maybe this guy ever does do some laundry, maybe he is a crisis. What I'll pick he is. But anyway, he's column on Sunday. You had a point about what I guess we're going to want to go to the flyers. But then they enter the, how does it work that they trade you with? I thought they were giving him consideration or where he wanted to go. Well, because they're going to make the deal with whoever they get the most value. Then that's just going to make him a deal and then get nothing. Colorado made a better offer. Okay. So little. Like, uh, even though he wanted to go to the flyers. He takes sandwiches. What they're. And by the way, how about that, glaring giveaway in that game last night, which he almost gave away a goal with the power play. No, let's see. Nobody talks about that. Great work. Ray Bork is one of those people. I know he had a couple of goals yet tonight. But Ray Bork is one of those people is making these glaring giveaways for last three, four years. And nobody wants to talk about that. Yeah, I think he, I think this will be his last year. Anyway, thank you for your information. Mr. Rogers, you're the hockey group and have yourself a great day. And go leave school. Thank you. Hey, police go out there. Far game five game road trip against all the other five Canadian teams starting with Montreal, who's right. How does you know? And they go out there and Vancouver win that wild game to go to Edmonton. They shut them out. They beat the crap out of Calgary and they beat Otto with the first time they've ever won in Otto in history. They win that game for two on Saturday. They sweep all five games. Go leave school. Oh, smelly. Even as bad as we feel of a poor Brian Barard, he could play in dynamite this year too. His career is over. A lot of bad stuff, not just the Martin McSorley episode, but Donald Bush here, but a lot of bad stuff happening with sticks and with guys who don't respect each other. And you people out there, you love the fighting. See, that's the problem. You love all the fights and all the bull crap. Did it help an weekend Saturday? No. Didn't help a lick. Didn't work up a sweat that team Saturday, except for Ray Whitney. That was about it. I score their razor. That was all we had. Nice shot there, Robbie. That was a pretty nice goal. But other than that, they... Oh. What's there to say about their performance last month or two? They stopped. Right. That's what he said. He was in here this morning, by the way. I said, hey, how about cleaning up your mess from my life from that show you doing here? Ramir. He said, low. Here's a lot of hill. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. There you are. You're doing. Okay. Can't help the Danny situation. Can't help the bird. I think I'm finally figured out what the Panthers promised. Can't help the bird. Not for sure. But I have figured out what the Panthers promised. Okay. Is it just a coincidence or, you notice how ever since... And can I all you showed up? You know something? You got your thumb on him. Is he right on top of it? Ever since Pawville started dealing that bitch. He hasn't been worth a nickel. There's more than time. Right. And the red wings are on the input. Yeah. So, she left that rough. And he got off that earth off. And the wings got ever since her push showed up. Right. I mean, I think that's the answer. Pawville dumped the bitch. We're going to start a campaign dumped the bitch. Right. And if I knew that super thing was to be well in the most they had out there, they should have had a big campaign dumped the bitch dumped the bitch and the crowd could have just said, hey, refuse suck. We could get a dumped the bitch dumped the bitch. Get the message across the Pawville. Cut the crap. You got it. We can find a lot of other 15 year old chicks. I knew you'd get it. I was hoping maybe, you know, I'm when we were talking about that the other day. In fact, even a rumor, even somebody who usually sucks up to the team like he does, even he mentioned that. He said since he started doing that bitch, he just ate the same anymore. Well, what are your cohorts? Any K? Yeah. Got a call out. Time to do G.A. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Yeah. He got a call last week. And someone asked him, uh, what's trading deadline? Uh, who on the Panthers was untouchable? Yeah. And he said, well, you could think of only two players. Not the obvious Pawville bar. He had Peter Warrell. No. Yeah. Exactly what he said. It was a one night after a day. And he was serious. He was absolutely serious. They lost the game. The post came and he got a call. Who's not touched? There's a message for all your kids out there. Too much gambling, man. It'll, uh, it'll mess your little fore just like Hanks. I did it. I'll fry your brain. Last day. Yes, sir. We're going to have a boss tournament. So we're being held last couple weeks. Yeah. And all your, uh, all your buddies doing the shows, uh, from the moat, uh, at the golf course. Right. I think you'd be out there one day or two. For what? Well, I think you'd, uh, want to bone up for the next year when you do your charity golf tournament. Oh, yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Say hi to Roy. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. Okay. Hey, I just want to ask you a question about that Brian Barard thing. What was actually, what happened? Did he hit him square in the eye? Yeah. The edge, the blade of the stick on him right in the eye. That's all that I've had. I've had a great night. Penetrated the eyeball. I don't want to get too graphic, but it was real pesking. The blood was pouring out of his eye. And there were even concern. Remortels me that the, uh, surgeons that there were concerned that the, the, uh, pressure might actually spread to the other guy. I might go completely blind. But I guess they got under control. He's all that. That's the shame. He's a great, he's a great defenseman. Yeah. They, uh, they pulled a good trade getting them. Yeah. I mean, he used to be a great offensively, but his defense was really spastic. But this year he's come along and really played dynamite. And, uh, what could I say? Hey, if you notice the other night that the, uh, Saturn and I got the game when they announced, uh, need a mile's name as a starter. For everybody was ludum. But did you know it's when they announced war well? Yeah. They're sure. Oh, yeah. You would've thought they were announced in Palm El Burr. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're a couple of kids that's sitting in my own next to me. And I so kid, but nevertheless, so I should know better. What's wrong with these people? What's wrong with these so-called fans here? They can't see the difference between somebody who can play the game. And somebody who's just a guy named Gumo, so they're like, Oh, yeah. Got another goal against Tampa against the girls team. And I won't be do, baby. I, his whole act just makes me nauseous. You're absolutely correct. We want to go. Good. The dark and plumped and player. Let's get my career on IT. Let's get famous. Let's get somebody good if we're going to have a Schwarzer-run in team. But this guy regardless of what color he is, he can't play the game. I'd even take Endor before I take, uh, or else. I'd even take that same peer guy, whatever it hell his name is. Yeah. Another question for you, with the fact that neither mind got booed yet. We're in play at your recent game. Yeah. But how come he has never been benched? How come he has never been a hardly scratch, other than the night that they came back from New York. And he could be a good guy. He's got the pictures of Murray's with the Billy Goat. It's unbelievable. And have a great day. Good morning. Ask the experts, you know, a couple of weeks ago they're right. No, yeah. They better resign Brian Murray because he's made all these great deals. And the team is in first place. And they're smoking in my, and now all of a sudden that they're going in the bank. I mean, really just thinking that you want something embarrassing. Now it's like, oh gee, I don't know. These guys, uh, they really know what's going on or what? Especially that TM are they going to play for him or you think? No, I don't think so. I could be wrong about that about TM, but everybody tells me he's an asshole. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil God. Speaking. How you guys? Great. Great. Listen. You want to hear the Marlin game in six minutes of the show? Uh, I'm listening to the show. I mean, I didn't even know we had a baseball team. I have. We don't. Okay. You really should have said we didn't had a, a major league baseball team. That's what I said. We don't. Something like that. I hate to be a dead horse, but the last week with the John Rockers thing. Yeah. Uh, not a little black community activist were, you know, made some comments on his Candle, like, what they should have done is traded to us and I'm thinking to myself, yeah, We don't go about it. Go ahead and trade another big a two another two another team. Why don't we just create a, a, a major league prejudice team or, or a racist team? There you go. It's like something to think about. People are crazy. Neil, shameless request. Yes, sir. Assault, Dennis Leary. Okay. Thank you. Well, we don't have time for that whole thing today. Well, actually we do, but I'm not going to, I don't want to play the whole thing. Nah, we'll just play like. Okay. Now I play a little more of that later on, huh? Because we got like a, we're one good thing about it. Now is the log here that it was formatted for a baseball game that we're not going to carry. And I want to tell you right now because we got this huge crossover between this show and a hump or the Stop. And he afternoon, we're going to like a segue, right? Let's start doing Danny talk right now. What do you say? Oh, no. Come on. You got to admit, no quarterback in the history of the NFL ever had. Looks like that. Now I'm Pittsburgh. I had Louis lips, but he was running back when he was running back. Yeah. Louis lips. He was a sports. Your name, Louis lips. And when you got a black guy named lips, I meant to me. That's how I'm like, who kind of, you know, like a racial stereotype type to me. You don't see Malcolm with those big lips, do you? Black people don't have big lips. That's just, sir. I got two sets of lips. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. You got the heck to get collected coming out to your baby from Brickle. Listen, the Memphis song? Yeah. It's called going back to Memphis. No, it's not. It was a written by a brilliant candidate to the name of Mark Holmes. That's not what it's called. Mark Holmes. Mark Holmes. You got sounds kind of like that. Mark Holmes. You got a man of one. That's not the one. The man of the radio. Okay. Thanks. That's not what it's called. I mean, a simple question like that. We got 62 different answers already. Is that your final answer? Huh? If I see that, sure. If I, and you know something, I go to the big dish. I was looking for a back call of a hockey game that wasn't on the small dish yesterday. Which I never did find. And I'm flipping around channels and they've got a feed of a cake feed of the, of the, that's your all of Regis. I mean, I love Regis. Regis is good. He's a good guy. It's quite a bit Notre Dame footage. But, uh, everywhere you turn. It's like a disease now. Erbie, you're looking at God damn broom closet. There's Regis in there. That God damn show. It's big meal. It's big in the boat. I know. Is that your final answer, Regis? Huh? I'm going to see George, poured your dinner for us. We know it. I want to argue with these people about the name of the story. Oh, I'm the phone down. Hang on. When it's down, hang them out to dry. Just slam it down. I hear they like it. Yeah, but the name of this story. Sometimes they didn't. Sometimes they didn't. What did they did? And the song was walking in them. No. Walking with it. Walking with a woody in the artist. What is Rawwities people? Are they retarded? Uh-huh. Iniotic? Yep. But they all listen to magic 102.7 according to that one fact. You there. Better put that on a list. Are we putting it on a list? No. No. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Oh, man. If I can stop laughing, you'll look at water. If you can. What are you meant? Yeah. Listen. I came to that Johnny River song. Walk away. In your, in your, uh, back to something like that. I had time to go on the internet. I'd find it for you. And of course it was Woody Graber was the one that called. You know something why you're talking. I'm getting the book out. I wanted to take me so long with the thing of this. You can talk. You mentioned, um, uh, sunny Fox a while ago. Uh-huh. That's the sunny Fox from Wonder Amma. No. Not the son. Okay. Because there's an eight million sunny Fox. The effect there used to be a sunny Fox. It was on the 64,000 dollar challenge. Because I met the sunny Fox on Wonder Amma. Telling dirty jokes to kids that are at a party in Westport, Connecticut about 20 years ago. No. Not the same. Uh, did you happen to see any? I just happened to be surfing news channel late at night. And, um, Kathy L.A. was on Paul's lawn. Did you see any of that? Did you hear about it? No. I don't want to stay. I wouldn't want Kathy L.A. long enough to put the channel. I would throw off him. She said that different made a mistake. And the only mistake you made Frank was staying with that bitch. As long as she's unbelievable. I mean, I don't use to be worth that off. Who was it said then? No. Kathy L.A. said that. Hey, a friend that we made one mistake in the pressure. Leave him alone because he's such a wonderful guy. And when when Paul is on, say, well, the pressure reported that sexes were safe to a marriage and Kathy Lee went off like a lunatic. We don't have sex. We make love. We do what's in the Bible. Give me a break. Oh, anyway, I got to do this for you. No matter what they're doing, nobody else would call it sex. I guarantee that. Well, hey, you know, the high power people like the CEOs in California, and Hollywood are all, uh, to this event. Maybe, uh, maybe he's got an election change. I don't know. The name of the song was Memphis. Oh, look, I said. Quick question about gambling in Florida. Yeah. I know they have the different levels in different cases. You can't play Blackjack. You can't play Blackjack. If they have poker or be at low stakes, if they have wives, money on the tailpoker, and they have a idiotic one on bandits, why can't they have video poker? What do you mean by that? I went, I've gone to about to do stupid Indian casinos. The one that you don't have a video poker. They don't have it. Not in not at the one on Sterling in 441, or I'll go on here on Colespring. Sure they do. They don't have video poker. They do not have it. I've been there. I was there though. The one on their own, What is that? What are all those video machines? They're all so scary out of corner bandits. They are star machines. They're not real star machines. They're not real star machines. That's illegal. They don't have the real star machine. They just have the one on bandits. You know, three, uh, three cherries. No, no, they don't. That's what they have. They don't have. They have video poker. Not, I, I, I, I, the last time I was there at 441 Sterling, Well, what was actually was that? I was at the Colespring. I was at the Colespring. I was just to check it out. Yeah. Did not have video poker. Somebody somebody will assemble. Far, we'll call in clarify. Appreciate it. Thanks. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60, name of the son was Memphis. It was his biggest hit and God damn us. We're not knowing what I'll tell you that. I'm pretty embarrassed. Are you embarrassed? Huh? How do you like that? Reach number one on a chart. Was that mean was his biggest there? Was that mean was his first? First recorded by Chuck Bury 1955 as Memphis Tennessee. See, that's where the confusion comes in. What Chuck Bury recorded. It was Memphis Tennessee and then Johnny Rivers who didn't know his geography to wealth. But he stole it and just became plain old Memphis. Got it? Five minutes to one. A lot of pressure here today. A lot of pressure all in a Dan Reno press conference. God damn. Thanks a lot. Bluff you. Jack asks you idiot you fool you civil it. And I hope you don't have too bad if a guy didn't stomach virus. Although. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. You know Mr. Rocker. How you doing at the club? Is he me? First up said we would do the Rochak test. So, what does they love when you roll your tongue like that? Oh, your boyfriend, huh? Oh, she did it. God, I got it. The Rochak test is in Brats as they say in English. And I will show you these in Brats and you'll tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Some look at. Okay. What do you think this is? Some of. And this? Lesbos. Okay. And this one? Infected. Oh, right. How about this? Bobby Valentine riding the balloony pony. Interesting. What? Let's move along. Shall we? Let's try some word association. I'll say a word. And you tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. No, Mr. Rocker, we haven't started yet. Here we go. Dog. Grain is cat. Micro wave. The color beam. Where? You don't shine. Why are we trying waiting at the moment before you respond? Mr. Rocker, I only wish to be a friend. Oh, you got me on this couch, Doc. You want? What? Your bag boy? John, I'm a man. What's your wife's name, Chuck? No, actually it's Gladys. Yeah, your Gladys, you're hanging out with your bag boy. I'm out of here. Oh! Why are you running? Sam running, John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my hot thing? John. Okay, it's 102 or 550QM. Here's a bizarre. First of all, thanks to Barbara over there. In Naples who says me my own Jesse of Ventura, action doll. Does it talk? Jesse Ventura, action. It's a Jesse Ventura blow up, though, I think. Work on it later, sort of. Thanks, Barbara. Also, so look at this one I have here, which I find very fascinating. I have two concealed weapon firearm permit application things to fill out. How do you like that? It says it went and down, threw them out. Yeah, two from it forms for you and George. One for me, one for you. And this is from Doug, who's with the, oh, I see I better not say which here from Metro. I'm not going to say which place or which Doug. Thanks Doug. And by the way, it's a great day. 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and games, we're low. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I just wanted a couple of comments about that. Marino retirement incident today. First of all, Jimmy Johnson is absolutely no class whatsoever. Correct. And all these tags calling up, Ash and Marino. What are they going to do during the season? They're all going to be upset. I mean, it's often stuff for quarterbacks on their roster right now. Collectively that seven starts between them all. Yeah. I want to know it's going to happen to all these guys. They're all going to be crowded to want Marino back. Yeah, one of these people going to have to talk about now. They're going to be talking about a great chase feeder looks and is a nice dolphin to the beautiful. And by the way, Louis Lipp was a wide receiver with the Steelers. Was he? Yeah, I wasn't really sure because what is that? Like 10, 15 years ago. Yeah, he was a long time ago. And since then, after the steel is up and up. 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. What kind of color is that? Am I looking at an line too? What is that? I got green and blue and what is that? Got a technical or phone line on there. That was interesting. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. I'm waiting for I. I'm going to jump out of the phone. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Did you catch that? Did you paper? The little article in there about road rage? No. Apparently this woman was driving and she had her little dog in the front seat with her. Yeah. She hit the guy in front of her and she stopped rolled down the window to say, sorry, the guy reached and took a little dog out of the road. We heard about that last week. Yeah, but the problem is you see how much money they have raised the finest guy? No. Over $40,000. I've raised over 200,000 for the alien defense fund already. Yeah. And you think they have that? Yeah. Well, I'm just thinking about it. I think I said keep the dog sent him back. Yeah. But what they said is they had one of the local police guy saying, we've never had this much money raised for a missing kid or for a child that was killed. So it shows you where the values in America are off. Okay. And that's right. We're going to say that little dog. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. We're going to say that. It's evil. It's sinful. Just ask body, butter, or a filter. Yeah. Ask Ken Jenny. He'll go in there and he can't get out. Put in too much. He'll get out. And don't forget. Just vote. No. On at the strong mayor for Brower tomorrow. Just say no thanks. I vote too. But I don't have my registration card back yet. I said it in my thing about two weeks ago. Don't have it back yet. In addition, which we don't have any primary tomorrow that means anything. Because we got one candidate in both parties. So very few people compared to can you imagine if a little bit of good race. Maybe like 100 people might have shown up. Now, maybe 20 or 30. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, for the smart accident, it sends me the song that's about how they got me on the one and the Florida thing. And I've got to guess what. Still against affirmative action. Okay? No matter how you slice it, no matter what you want to frame it, I'm still against it. And you got a fancier for a governor and should that be a big shock? No. And who is the first one to tell you that? Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail. Hello. Yeah, how you doing Neil? Okay. Yeah, those last colors were right. They don't have any video poker and sterling in the state of the seven. Yeah. Yeah, they have this crappy, it's like a slot machine type deal. Yeah, that was very boring. Uh-huh. Well, do you want to do it? I'll be making his suggestion to. Why not? Don't go there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's homestead. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Well, I'm going to tell you the name of that homestead. No, it's not. Yes, it is. No, it is not. I got to the book right in front of me. Walk it in Memphis with the Chuck Berry Song. Yes, by share. Yeah. And I've got it on tape. Yeah. It's exactly the same thing because every time I hear it, it reminds me of the apparently. It was called Memphis, Tennessee. No, Chuck Berry and it's called Memphis. And have a nice day. Hey. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. It's just amazing. So many more on so little time. It's shocking. Estonishing. Here's a mobile and kid coral. Hello? Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, let's first listen to our first time call. Great show. And I got a little comment about the damn rental thing. If you'll permit me. Yeah. Okay. I'm a die-hard, ignorant jet fan. I believe green. And for all these years, I wanted to see him go. But actually, I'm disappointed in him that he's leaving. Because every time he threw the ball, that was seven points for the end. Really? Yeah. And let me tell you that. Okay. Why he has it? Is that why he got the 420 touchdowns? Because every time he threw the ball, there was seven points for the end of the day. No, I'm talking about the last couple years. Why? Yeah. So now that's the best you can do on the day that this guy retires. Who's going to be quarterback in the jet next year? I bet the roadie. Yeah. Like I said, I rest my case. We're going to get some pages blue in the tapers aspect together. We're going to get five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. See this is what brings out. I just kissed the ground that I wouldn't and dream of doing a sports show. Talk at a jackass just like this. Oh, mine is bigger than yours is. Go back to New York, Jackass. We're deeply unimpressed. Here's Del Rey B, chill out. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Probably another New Yorker. Coconut Creek, hello. Anyhow are you doing? Okay. I've been spoke to you in a long time. But I want to talk to you about nephas per minute. Don't forget in 63-lotty, Machity, um, in some metal version. Right. That's remember that. That was great. Yeah. Okay. Just wanted to add to the confusion. And what did Glenn Hill pass? What did he pass? Yeah. Yes. He died. Yeah. I know. Yeah. What did that happen? Friday. That's a shame. Yeah. What happened? What was wrong with him? He had MS for years. He was here. Wow. Okay. How many? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Okay. We should get to the same. 5.6705. 60. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I just got home. I got the album in my hand. I displayed the song. You were all wrong. It is walking in Memphis by Mark Cohen. If you want to, I'll make a way file and ship it for your website. That's not the best time when we're talking about. We're talking about the Johnny Rivers. We don't care about who else recorded it. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's not that one. This one was written by Mark Cohen. I've got the album in front of my hand. 1981. Mark Cohen is in any of the album. Walking in Memphis. Yeah. I might be talking about another Memphis song. Walking in Memphis that you played about 20 minutes ago. That's the one. I got it in my hand. You want me to took a play? You got it in our hand? What about the song? Walking in Memphis. Now, there's another Memphis song. But that one you all were talking about about 20 minutes ago. Walking in Memphis. That's by Mark. That's not the one we're talking about. Okay. Well, there's many songs out there. Partner. Have a good one. Okay. Okay. Partner. And as Rick's general. And that's not the song we're talking about. That's a different song to the tune of what he's in Memphis. That's why Mark Cohen ripped it off. He wouldn't know what he from Graber. He wouldn't know what he from Robert Tussles is what he would know. Not the same song, sir. See if I had my Johnny Rivers best up thing here, I don't because somebody liked it too much and walked away with it. I'd play it on the air right now for about 30 seconds. And we done all those confusion. That's what they're concerned about. That woman's poor little dog got thrown in the street. And we got to try to raise $400,000 here by two o'clock. And all they care about is what the name of the guy named Stupid Song was. You can have magic 102.7 or whatever the hell it is. Okay. You can have it. Okay. Okay. Good. How did they do by the winters trend? Do we really care? Huh? Let's take a look. Let's take a peek. Let's see. 12 plus. We don't care about 12 plus because they're demographic is like a 90 plus now. 25.54 in the morning magic. We're looking at the first page. No. Are they on the second page? W. There they are. 2.8 to a 3.1. Nice going. Like you said, all the people listen to the oldies music they're in the morning. Like Memphis by Johnny Rivers. Mark Cohen. How about a lot of love Cohen. How about Jeff Cohen? Yeah. He was in there last week. We're talking about the guy named Memphis. Does anybody said? I didn't say shit. Yeah. Like you like. Like Schmidt. You didn't. 5.6705. 60. Pound 5.60. On the AT&T. Wireless line. Oh, thank God. This thing is early over before you know it. Don't ever do that again. It was tough. Don't ever do it again. Tony. Were you fudge back him? George E. Bush said that his nose is clean and never puts up. It's because he's running for the White House. So he can tear his nails. Don't drunken that's not all even down the view. He's peep-all. He's talking to me. Drugs with you. He even dropped some master clues. Why will George get come out and simply say he did it? He's preparing to press with Chuck their mouth. But it's coming here. Got them to say. He did more than watch your thing. He watched it tell the same. He pre-percoled can't you have. That's the question that he does. And he made you quite much clearer. Like the razor on a mirror. But he wants the two be ladies. That he didn't do anything. George E. Bush said that his nose is clean and never put up. And it can't be running for the White House. So he can come to me with George E. Bush's 30s clean. 117 at 5.60 W to QA and 5.6. We got 200 open lines here all of a sudden. That Memphis stuff boy. Am I sure glad that growth that up huh? No. 5.670 5.60 pound 5.60 on the 18t line. And the out of town line which has been really better than usual today. 877 785. 6345. Here's a lady in top of no. Hello. Oh, hi, New York. Okay. Long time list there for Stun caller. And anyway, I had to call after I heard that guy a little earlier saying something about all the money that was raised to find that guy that did that horrible horrible act against that dog. Yeah. You know, can't people understand that a person that would do something like that is more than likely going to abuse a child or beat his wife or mother or something like that. I mean, personally, that needs to get off the street. Yeah. They need to find them. So I just don't understand why people can't, you know, because when I was trying to make it, I think it's like when they have the diaminates, you know, I'm as big of a dog lovers, you'll find anywhere. But when they have the diaminates, it gets more attention on a guy named local news than when little kids are being raped and murdered one of the girls. Well, I agree with you two certain point. I have the matter of fact, like that little girl that they just found, and think of the founder. I hadn't heard anything about that at all. Right. The vet even though she was missing. Yeah. So I agree with you. I mean, I don't think you need more coverage on that type of thing, and I don't understand why they don't get it either. But at the same time, they do need the coverage on that sort of thing. All of them. But in addition to that, I just wanted to say that anybody that's calling in that doesn't see why Dan is queer. Should be acknowledged and all of that is just got to be plain. Well, I mean, why even discuss it because all of this brings out is a bunch of idiots. I heard I heard that. I heard that. I heard two calls on a morning show drive it in this morning, and I immediately pushed my CD in a player because I didn't want to hear any more of the crap. Yeah. Two guys calling into Ripperman ads. One guy talking about all on greasy was so much better in us today. And then what do I get this guy tell me a son of this jet fan. Give me a son of the answer about how every time a ring of fuel pants was intercepted. I mean, well, what's the point? Like I said, this town didn't deserve Dan Moreno. I totally agree with you. And I'll tell you if anybody can say that you say it the best. Okay. And thank you very much. Have a great day. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. That's the one thing I can tell you beyond the shadow of a dog. This town didn't deserve Dan Moreno. It doesn't deserve Pop-Hail. Brewery with her without Anna. It doesn't deserve a lot of good stuff. Okay. Because this town only want to do is rip and wrap and that's all they know. No matter what they do for you, they got a shot. Just like Jimmy says, you got a shot. They deserve Jimmy because that's a good match. That's why they'd like him so much here. That was a match made in heaven. Against the coach. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you today? Okay. Hey, cool question on my just turned in. Are you guys talking on your new phone system? No, you don't listen to it. Are you kidding? Are you, you must have a great sense of humor. No, I mean, it sounds pretty good today. And you're ripping through the call, so I didn't know. Yeah. No, no, our phone system isn't in. The instruments are sitting here waiting for the software. It's a little bit too soft, I think, is the problem. So, Bob, it's soft in the head. Yeah. The next thing. The third team is a March. This is the same phone system that was going to be installed in February, 2014 on Valentine's Day. That it was working back from vacation. Then it was going to be the first in March. It's the third team to March. And is it in? No, no. Okay, listen. Another thing. If my phone dies, I only got it. Okay. Next question is, have a statement for that guy that's fucking about terminal. True story. I walked in there one day. The club is guy. Yeah. I dropped it 20 in one of those machines. Yeah. $10. And I want 10 grand. There you go. So, you can tell me $16. You can tell me the ticket. Okay, stick it, pal. That's what this guy said. All right. And that's been it all in one place. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line 8777856345. See, it's like anything else. If you don't like it, don't go there. If it's not for you, don't go there. It's like a restaurant. If you don't like their food, don't eat there. It's like a radio show. You don't like it. Don't listen to it. Oh, what a concept. Like you'd like music. You don't like that kind of music. Don't listen to it. No, I'm going to call up the singer. I'm going to complain the way they sang the song. Like the national anthem, the of the night. Oh, boy. Wow. Send those kids back to Yale. That was brutal. The only thing worse than that was yesterday in Buffalo, where they always sing both national anthem because it's right. They're close to the border. Even if they're playing another American thing, they had some Greek clubs saying both national anthem. I mean, you talk about pain. It went on and on. A butcher job. Like you wouldn't believe. You can almost smell a goddamn blood. That was before the game started. Here's a mobile and cross-bring. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you today? Okay. I just had a comment about the, I went out to the golf tournament over the weekend. And I just think it'll be a lot more fun if it's, if they let the fans cheer or talk their wild the guy was putting in. That's because you're not going to be out of your mind, sir. You can't make noise when they're concentrating on their concentrating on whack and add ball. It was, I felt like I was in elementary school. You couldn't walk. You couldn't talk. You'd be like it. When a guy was going to kick a field ball. What were you doing out there? What were you doing out there? I was drinking three beers. I got it. Well, there you go. Could you imagine a field ball kicker being getting ready to kick a, a field ball? I'll help you learn your lesson. I got plenty of free beer and other joy. It's always your time at some stupidity out of boring golf tournament. Okay. God. Oh, I'm getting ahead of you. Just thinking about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and sound beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing Neil? Okay. Good thing. First of all, I can give a copy of Maria Stager. If you left, that's not really well. He left. So let's move on. Yeah. Number two, I've been watching Tom Green. I don't know if you saw the episode with him in Lewinsky. No. He's not funny at all. No. For some reason, he's not funny anymore. I don't watch it anymore. Because that would MTV is cut as balls off. Really? Yeah. Everything. Everything. MTV touches turns to. Yeah. Because he's like, I'll wait and shut through the whole show and that's the not last once, which is really unusual. Because they usually have fun. You know, what he does. He's a very funny guy. But MTV just destroyed, you know, they devolved him. He just can't do the stuff that he used to do. And he just ain't funny anymore. He's. Well, listen, I did hear. Actually, boys, you know, they have a, why wouldn't I do it? They have like a version of the, I could tell. Yeah. Have you heard that? No. And I mean, I used to, you know, write on the, you know, before as well. Because, you know, I mostly like rock music that I got to hand it to you. They can actually think just to can. You really can, you know, and I'm not really a big fan of this, but, you know, they had no instrument to anything. But, you know, they were only singing and, you know, they're just out of pretty good. All I can say is they're no instinct. Yeah. Actually, why don't you jump and hang it around with it around them so much? What's up with that? You figured it out. Have a great day. But maybe once a little piece of the action, you think that could be it? That might be it. Little piece of something. But you might have better taste than that. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT and T lines. We got, maybe we shouldn't have pot up that marlon game. Yeah. Because this is getting pretty weak here. Pretty good, damn weak. Are we going to make it till two? Oh, no. But that is two o'clock hack. It'll be here. Hank is out at the, uh, chillers today. And we can have hours and hours, nine stop. We got the books. We got Eddie K. Rhymes with G810. We can have from two until midnight. Oh, hallelujah. This will make ducks and a squeeze of itself. 10, solid hours of, oh, Danny boy. Great. That's what we want. We're, I'm sorry. We apologize for being in your way. Just like the pulpit apologize the other day. I want to apologize for being in the way if everybody today. Instead of just calling me up yesterday and saying, hey, how about taking the day off tomorrow? Because we got this marino thing. And we're going to want to have like because we're the dolphin station. The sports nerd station. We're going to write really want to play this up big. I would have said, okay. Yeah. See a Tuesday. Could they do that? Oh, no. Couldn't do that. Thanks to our close best friends at Atlantic City. Substance by the way for a gigantic lunch over here. For nice atkins lunch, which I'll be throwing the bread in the, uh, shrimp can. 26 after one at five 60 of, oh, by the way, I want to talk about groups that really irritating. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to take you to the cleanest. Ask Club 70s kids then I'll back to Britain, okay. Send them to see the queen. Yes, man. So, the company QA and the dot com for all of your cyber need. They have the internet on computers now. Sports radio 5.62 a.m. The folks. I'd like to listen to some of the American people. About the way our American hearts be laid down, a lot of them are just about that special feeling we get in the top of the heart. Maybe below the top. Maybe in the sub top where they live. Maybe in the leather. Maybe in the kitchen. Maybe even in the clothing. Maybe down there. The other the stew and the stew with the red killer cell. I'm going to have a rich white. So, for the nice loud. I like the call for an oven. What's about for? I got an average house. Where the nice start was for my wife and my child. My kid's in my car. I'll feed on my table. And let you do the job. But sometimes I'm just in a love to keep a bad life. I don't know. No, it's not. No, I've got to go out and have fun. It's someone else's existence. Well, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive really. Oh, the heat of the bed. Well, people, we behind me are going in the fair. And I'm on a no. You're the only girl for the only girl. Come on up. You're the only girl for the only girl for the only girl. Hey, I'm a toilet. And I sit on the street. I walk around in the summer time saying I'm a bad city. I'm on a no. You're the only girl for the only girl. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on up. Come on new. Come on up. Come on next door. Come on up. Come on. Come on up. I'm going to do. I'm going to get month to up and inclusion for ft7 panel. I build around a kind of whole. But think where the wasnilles in a costume and all of their cow and tearier and think for a headline, yeah. And then I'm going to go around and that's baby. It's at 150 miles per hour. It's just getting one mile per gallon. It's stuck enough for the 100, e-m-thurtest McDonald's and the old batch will not buy an incredible sourful containers. And when I'm done sucking down those weakball-burdists, I'm going to wipe my mouth to the American flag. And then I'm going to toss the sourful containers right outside. And then they're going to catch them, saying anybody can do a button. You know why? Because we got to the bottom. That's why. Two words. No clear. And a weapon. So, yeah. Russia, Germany, from any other thing, and I've all the democracy they want. Thinking of a victim, I'm not going to take the walk right through the middle of the cinnamon square. And it won't make a lick of difference to think of who he got in the box. No doubt, John Wayne. And he's frozen. And it's going to be fine to cure for cancer. We're going to throw out the milk. And he's going to be pretty pissed off. You know why? I've got to go over taking a cold shower. I'm going to put the light on by 15 million times. That's about this on the milk's from the beans. I'm going to get a milk. He's a John Cessett. And he's barman. And then that can boil. And it says, okay. And try and dump it next day. You know, you really aren't at home. You just should have a thing to talk about. Someone at the table. You don't know what you're going to do. Someone at the table. Don't worry. Don't worry. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh. That's the thing. Everybody. And. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And. And. Yes. I'm going to have a salad. Okay. There. You go away a lot of time today. Because we got one or two calls on the board. But that's all right. A play hard to get. We care. Oh, 1.34 a QA. We got, hanging coming up from Schultos at two is the. Is the marino urology. Well, again, for hours and hours and hours. So normkid facts. As me this he mentioned this to be over the phone on the weekend. Lovers ripped apart by death and family. Sky six photographers partner throwing out a partner thrown out of home. Frank Gagliano, 36 life partner of Rob Pierce, Disguise Six, Metagra for Kill, and the TV stations tragic helicopter cranks last week, has been thrown out of the home they shared together by Pierce's surviving relatives. The home was in Pierce's name alone, and he died at 34 without a will. Gagliano told the Express's Norma Kensagin, whose paper that I lost my lover in part to her four years, now I can't even go to the home to be clear of my belongings. Rob's sister and brother told me they'll call the police if I so much has come by, that I would need a rich regain entry. The stunning development comes on the heels of a moving memorial service last Thursday, a evening at Parker Playhouse in Fort Lauderdale, an Emmy award-winning photographer who would have been a member of the local chapter of the National Lesbian Engagement and Justice Association, Robin Franklin had been chaired a home together in dear field Beach for the past four years. Gagliano stated that two days after the crash, Rob's sister Laura asked me to go for a walk on the beach with her, then her family came into the house and we would go on his personal belongings. She told me that I wouldn't be allowed to say anything about our relationship at the memorial, not to be allowed back in the house, and not be permitted to keep our dog and I reced her Rex. Rob Pierce's mother passed away nine months ago and his brother and sister are stepping and taking over his personal affairs. Gagliano claims they just don't want to accept that their brother was gay or that we were planning a life together that we've been living a life together. And no one's certain terms they told me I'm not welcome back in my home. Friends close to Robin, Frank have confirmed the strength of their relationship and their mutual love for each other. When Frank took ill with pneumonia earlier this year, Rob was at his bedside constantly. He allowed Frank to move into his home four years ago after they met in the relationship through an American online chat room. Liz Schwartz and attorney with Crocket and Chase in Miami commented, this is a terrible tragedy and sad situation. The laws of infestancy, dying without a will, provide that only the surviving spouses or blood relatives acquired the rights to your property. Part of the result of homosexual relationships being so disregarded by the law is that we do not protect ourselves. This is an example of what homophobia can do. Under laws they currently exist, Frank Agliano can be kept out of his home, which is in Rob's name. Unless the family cooperates, he may have to acquire judicial rights just to get into reclaim his personal possessions. At his memorial service on Thursday, Rob was utilized by colleagues and friends, including reporters and anchors, Jennifer Velopi, Don Brown, Ariad Zermon, Eskabar and Michelle Gillan. He was recognized for his ambition and his achievements as talents and his energy colleague Gary Acerry Sanders is posted an online tribute to Ron at www.msandbc.com news. Rob is the one who may be look good. When everyone else would say it can't be done, Rob would overcome Sanders' road. How do you like that? Huh? That's you, Merkin, Evan, way, baby. Just for your approval. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. We got eight million open lines. This is a real slap in the face. We can be having at Marlon Giamon right now. See, obviously, our net interest in this show. We can have the Marlon Giamon. It's dead. We got Neil Begs for phone calls again. Here's Volca. Hello. Hey, Ogunio, how you doing? Okay. I know you're tired of hearing about this, but I just want to ask you a person. I'm really tired of hearing about it. Oh, let me ask you one question. What is it? All right, personally, what moment or particular time will you remember most about the man? Is there anything that stands out? About the man? Yes, I think. Thank you. What is this about Danny? What, particularly moment will I remember about him? Yes, or anything that stands out in your mind? No. That you'll remember. No. Nothing at all? No. All right, Neil. Well, well, well, what do you sound so disappointed for? Well, because I thought I thought you enjoyed watching him play. I did. I did, but there was no one particular moment. I mean, they never want to change the friendship. I can't say I can't take any one moment. It's not something that's at the forefront of my mind most of the time. All right, well, is that okay? Could you sound very disappointed? No, that's not a problem at all. Okay. Thanks a lot. Wow. Come on, aren't you torn up? No, I'm not. He's 39 years old and I had a couple of months. It's time to say goodbye. I said that for a couple of months already. He didn't mean anything to you. He was by. Say good bye. He was a big fan of his. I resented the fact that people got on his ass because he wasn't perfect. Because he had bad games every now and then. Like everybody does. This pound didn't deserve him. But do I have one moment that stands out? Am I even sticking about this? No. This is a little bit anti climactic don't you think? He's been retiring now for days and days on it. They've been reporting. It's been leaked out. Scored, scored all over the place. And this guy sounds so bummed out because I'm just, I don't have that. They even asked him that question. Did he have one? He had a think and think and think that was one of the questions they asked in this morning. Then he boy. It's just a football game. Don't you understand? It's just a football game. I've been at Toronto Maple Leaf fan for 42 years. I live and die blue and white. I'm so nervous. I can't watch most of the games on TV. I have to keep my VCR going. I try to find some other game in the box. And I sneak a look back at the tapes. I see what this score is every now because I get so aggravated. But at 42 years they won four Stanley Cups in the first decade that I was a leaf fan. That's a last by the way. Do I have one moment that stands out in my mind? No. No. No. He was a football player. And outstanding one. A great one. He was a football player. This wasn't a nuclear scientist. This wasn't a surgeon. This wasn't somebody all that important. He gave us a lot of entertainment. He made a lot of money. Did a lot of good stuff for charities. A good guy. And that's it. And I'm sorry that I can't come on here and lie through my teeth and participate in this parade of hysteria over the fact that a guy finally is retired. Because he's done his time has come. He's finished. Everybody retires. Soon or later if they got a brain. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oh, that was special. How long they were in with that? Here's what manners. Hello. Daniel. How are you doing? Okay. Long time no see. I'm glad a couple people are calling in about Glenn Hill today. And I'm not too many. Couple. Couple. I want to make one comment about him. Even on his worst worst of days. I think he was 100 times more now. He was a hell of a lot more talented than George will ever be. Really? Yeah. I just want to say that. Have a great day. That's a real shot. He's never even left. Now, what are you starting to pick out in the guy he's dead? Can he respond? I guess you can. I got those tapes for. I think we're just dead. But his cackle lingers on. Okay. His cackle lingers on the bird right there on that card. See, this guy got you started there. I told him he's taking it personal. This guy said it's only business. And he's taking it personal. It's probably one of the guys that he would talk to. I got a rock. He was personal. He's taking it like business. I don't know. Can't you? I mean, why do they have to do that? You see how mean spirit of the people are in this town? Huh? Can't say something good about him. Without taking a shot at you. So now, he's trying to be the spokesman for a guy who's dead in a box somewhere. And obviously can't speak back. And the just spell all these grotesque things you said about him. What's it, of course, are true. Like that time over in Tampa now you're going to get me started. Okay, about the time we invited him on a show when we did a week ago. He told us that story. And your story. It's a true story. I would just talk about him when we went there. He came over when we did the show together for a day. And we had a lot of fun. And that was it. And I walked out in the parking lot. He went to his car. I said, goodbye. Showcase. I thanked him. And he showed up again the next day. And he showed up again the day after that. But you don't want to be talking this crap. Now after a guy dies, you have a little bit of sense of activity for crying out loud. Do you have any sense of activity? No, no. No, you're just a hardened prick. I can't say that. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. Yeah, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. Yeah, I agree with you about my every greener, sucky salmon. But I never seen that before. I know the bone marina and alien. Yeah. And you know, I mean, now that Danny retired. He can go to work for that alien thing. He can go to the five four. And go turn your radio down. Have a nice life. Cool, Neil. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the 18th. I mean, isn't there like one moment that stands out in your mind? One dramatic moment? No. I mean, I was a seeding ticket order for five seasons. Danny Boy was the quarterback every single game. I mean, there's some moments. I remember Sammy Smith's fumbling the ball in that green bay game. Fumbling it into the end zone. Jordan goal on the one foot line. Here Sammy, I remember that. Like it was yesterday. I remember Bobby Humphrey snorting up the chalk lines. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I like to call women about the marina retirement. How big are you, Martin? I would like to comment about the time. Okay, call actor to a clock, sir. I'm sure Hank will be delighted to talk to you. He would like to comment about then we use retirement. Do we want to comment about it? No, I don't want to discuss it. We've been discussing that since the press conference. Oh, of course. I want to say thank you. Have a wonderful life. We wish you a good health happiness. Goodbye. That's it. They're going to name a street after him, which is fine. They're going to have a statue. They're going to do all the tributes now because of course, Wayne has got to do the right thing to make Wayne continue looking good. Even though he's a lion prick, even though the whole thing was handled in a shameful way by the dolphin organization. A shameful way, and nobody can deny that. It grow test away. It's better be in a bench instead of, you know, they want that or somebody's saying, hey, guess what? It's just not in our plans. We think it's the time. You know, you make the decision if you want to go someplace else fine. If not, we'll make a big ceremony for your retirement. Whatever. Instead of just being upfront because they can't do it. It's not the Wayne way. It's always got to be devious. It's always got to be. Just like the thing that they do with Joanne Joel on the John Henry organization. Pick it up right where Wayne left off. George, you'll angel, whoever stole a free train. He's on there now. He's Elaine Duck for a year. He's Elaine Duck. They couldn't wait. They had to leak that and I'll also do the public before even last season was over with. Instead of just paying the guy off and saying, okay, well, thanks for doing a good job. And the way that Wayne, you know, Wayne, by by as he would say. Waves Joe by by right amount of check John Henry. You cheap prick. You buy it away as far as that. State any errors is concerned. No. No, the answer is still no. Wither without McKee's money. No. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. How you doing? Left-leaf damn renal lung for a little bit. It's a bob pier. Yeah. I don't know if you're familiar. Did you watch the HBO special? If you've all talked? No. All right. It showed, it was being couples in the 60s, the 70s, in the year 2000. And exactly what Bob Pierce is partners going through now is what happened in 1961. And I don't know if you're familiar with that. But I thought we've changed. And we've opened up a little bit. And obviously, if you go ahead and watch that show, you'll see that nothing really has changed. It's the terrific. Right. What is it? Is it in this pathetic? It's pathetic. With a family could do this man had a life within. They may not have agreed. But it was his life. His stuff is there. His belonging to memories. His everything is with that man. And he's got to have a four walls. They talked about being rotten to the core. I just, it's just unbelievable. They're just in denial. They think that if they treat him like crap, somehow it will take away the fact that he was gay. The thing is, it's not going to take away. It's going to make the, it's going to make the force even stronger. It'll make it even louder. And instead of, let's say, flinking off away while they want it to. It's going to just make it even that much more stronger and louder for the family to have to do with it. So much more upfront and then the open. It's, it's terribly tragic for what's happened to this man. It has nothing to do with the walls of the house. It has to do with his name, with his memories. Forget about it, even the dog. I mean, how tragic is that? That's what I, and just my opinion. I thank you. That's the thing. Appreciate it. Thanks. Thanks. 147 at 5.60 QAM. This is 5.60. QAM. Hey, deal. Fuck you. You need to come to the FHG. Yeah. The FHG. Yeah. The FHG. Yeah. Yeah. The FHG. Hmm. I told the FHG. Hey, you just want to do all my shit. Oh, I'm gonna give you a man love. Oh, gay guys got your back. Remember that? Because that's where we're looking for love. It's where you crack that. It's better to yell by me and say, gee, I got a facial hair, then a fuzzy. So don't make fun. Don't poke your nose at the queer cake, boy. My style like Joe. Stop your gay jokes and start being violent. Because you might get a tape to the home with sex, when violence. Because we don't play your butt, my child. Like a dog in a territory, or a fucking martin. But when you sit with a right-hand thumb, we just sign the part that we weren't gonna get our hands on. No, the end stage. Where the FHEs that turned. Who? Who you know about the tree? It don't you forget it. You know the end stage. Really all had a hard of swallowing. Who you're talking to, baby? Let me see, I just print with me. Just print with me. Now, slide. Ooh, right there. I'm gonna see it do some way it's bang, gosh. Oh, perfect. I'm gonna print with him. Boom. You know what you're saying? That's the baby's own party. Whoa. Now look at your wetting, dad. Oh, I got a wet to fall. You know what you're saying? Oh, Jesus, that's everywhere. Joe, don't you think that's the thing? You have a moist towel. You know what you're saying? Okay, look, let's come to the crowd now. You're not a beauty girl. Now, we're kind of like the elected or not. Gord scored all over the place. 153 at 5.60. You have this story, by the way. I love reserved to part by death and family. His enormous hints expressed. The game, let's be newspaper, Brown County, which will be out tonight on the new stand. And it's on page one and continue on the inside page for including on page four. Frank Jagley on those plea to the Pierce family to turn over his stuff and the cut the cramp. Here's the latest results on our pull quite today. What show do you listen to when he afternoon after we're done after round of your hand? I's going to your hopper. 86 41.9%. 40 to big fat percent. That was funny. Listen to the hopper. I'm like that. Puterine 15% crossover. We got what the morning show. Haven't I been saying that all along? Sure. Would anybody in a red mind listen to that morning show? No. I don't like that like high squeaky horses. Other 82, which is 40%. We're sitting here trying to figure out what is the other besides me. And maybe a radio romantia and maybe light. Well, what could it be? Do we care? Do we really care? No. Oh, I know. Love 94. Third. Stupid talk. 4.8% for. The penis of a giant alien he lives wild. 4.8% Rick and said that 22%. So you see the difference to the crossover between the kind of, et cetera. Zeta had nine, 4% big head eight, co-street, Power 962, while 102. Kis had two. Kis had a pair. Smug my head one and WSDJ. Oh, come to the SDJ. Wouldn't that the station that supposedly all the holios, well isn't that Huchikuchi saw the crap or is that it? On our audience. So far, 25 votes on our website, newroggies.com. Here's more waterdale. Hello. Any idea? Great. Edith's rough from plantation. Yes sir. You know, you're in the timing to even just with. I'm a little bit more of a sense of the set of the birds than on number 13. Yeah. Because I mean, the bird made a lot of community because he would bring your show then, Mr. 13. And we didn't have any press conference. That's after what else did either. That's right. You think they're going to have one with dolphin then? We tell you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. They don't understand. That's the just like that. Just like the thing with the bell and the monks at the pantheon game was killing us and we still haven't recovered from that. It's the same thing with dolphin and then he said. They put him out to pasture. They'd start winning some games. Yeah. Maybe. So I'm one of the silly things about the good. I'm going to miss him. Thank you first. Okay, Ralph. What do you say? Here's a candle. Hello. You know, good afternoon. Yes sir. I made the unfortunate mistake of turning over to the first team this morning for about five minutes. Yeah. And I'm telling you to leave. You haven't called a quits. I was about ready to drive my car into a telephone pole going about 90. I have never heard so much crying and whimpering and just sheer heartbreak that Danny was finally announcing that he was going to retire. It's a big shock. It's just a man. Like I said, it's been pounded into the ground for, you know, the path. Let me let me draw you a parallel. Okay. Ryan Barard, defenseman for the Maple Leafs. Kitt is 23 years old. Just a turn 23 last week. Kitt is eye poked out by a stick and accident. The game Saturday. His vision is lost in the one eye. Obviously his career is over. And I'm not trying to support him in the same category within marino. But here's a tragic accident where Kitt has forced to retire at 23 years old as career haven't even barely started yet. And here's a guy who's played for 17 years. He's been great. He's been a best. He's been a superstar. 17 years. Everybody knows it's time to hang it up. Even ended up pulp. And and the racket like all like they don't know how to deal with this. I know it's like the end of the world has come to sky. Like somebody just took away a line of security blanket. You're absolutely right. And the kind of change gears you were talking about about the the pop. Apology. I guess to. I guess the anti. Semitic stand that that Pope. I think to apologize for everything he wants. He wants every every every evil. He even mentioned him by name the acquisition to crusade all the anti women stuff. The anti facts stuff the anti. He wants an apology to be accepted for that. I will. I give it now. I happen to be flipping buttons. And I have to do it like that Catholic network kind of thing that mother and Jellie goes on. And I'll split them through and you know they were making excuses this. They have some panel on there. I don't know what it was. But they're making some excuses about the action that the Pope. I guess was the 12th or more two made that that they said it. You know the Pope John's apology was not. Was it really necessary? Basically what they were saying. Yeah, the new spin that they put on is that if he wouldn't have signed the Concord I'd made his deal with Hitler and hell. But more Jews would have died. Right. Take in the opposite. Which of course is ridiculous. Right. Exactly what they were saying. They've been that if he would have called more attention and made a stand, then it would have brought more. You know, that's a company line. Yeah. But it's real interesting to see that this mass of apologies making comes right on the heels just a couple months after that book was released about Pope Pius the 12th. And now he was in bed with Hitler and never met a Nazi didn't like. Well, either those bolts and all those records have been closed up for so long. Yeah. It's absolutely amazing that anybody has ever even seen it. That's probably all the black books with the names and the phone numbers of the boys in there. Right. Also in closing too that I would definitely definitely listen to you. Your radio show if you were to do like an internet kind of thing. Yeah. During the Marlin scheme, I think that would be a fantastic idea. It's in the worst we're working on right now. And you could even maybe even do like kind of like a monthly payment kind of thing. If you need the extra cash, you know. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. I needed. Why need it? Well, I needed $60. Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hello. What the hell was that? That was freaky. I never had one like that before. I punched her up at all this.