This is Sport 3.0-560 WGQAM Miami Port-Lotterdale and WQAM.com for the world. Sport 3.0-560 WGQAM Miami Port-Lotterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, a talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for Nathan Broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The convenience of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM easily read acquisitions or the measly broadcaster. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QAL... Oh, wow! Now, the new IMAQ has built in video editing. Mom, what's this big file labeled all four? Don't open that one, Billy. That's not for you. Oh, my God. I feel so nice. Oh, my. And who's that guy? Hello, sir. You're on a diet. I knew easy to use affordable video editing on the IMAQ. Oh, no. Just another reason why you should buy some good password protection software. Billy, I think I'm blind. Password protection software. It's a good investment. Okay. I kind of wanted 560 WGQAM happy Tuesday, 2 a day to you. So, have you had it? Have you had it or what? Uh-huh. Special sections in both newspapers, hours and hours and hours of coverage it goes on and on. My hats off to Tim Robby, by the way. I had a radio accident this morning. I didn't get my CD in the thing fast enough. And I was listening to the worst team. Listen to the guys this morning and Tim Robby calls in. One of the few guys in this town with any balls to tell it like it is. And I went out of here and had a call at home, Miss Quoting. You're as usual. This happens all the time. Thured hate information. Miss Quoting what they had said. Or maybe accurately quoting what they had said. But they just backed away from the who knows. But then you write. So, Tim Robby comes on a year and says, well, yeah, you're right. We didn't get along with the with the ball. He would win because when he changed the name of the stadium, there you know, nobody had a Robby family. It was too happy with that. In other words, basically what he was saying about Wayne. He's an asshole. And then when it came to Jimmy, not being there yesterday. Tim Robby with the one who had the balls to say, Ah, yeah. He basically. He's an asshole. Yeah, that too. I want to ask him about Danny and Jimmy's relationship. There you go again. Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. He was the one that had the balls on that show to say, yeah, it was strange to say the least. In other words, like I've said, that he didn't you say the like poison. Nice going there, Tim Robby. One of the few guys in this time with the ball to tell the like it is. Everybody in this time got a dance around the edges. And well, they weren't very close. And they had their conflict. They hated each other like poison. And where did you hear that? Who do you hear that from first? Oh, God. That's right. Even on the non sports show, such as this. Wait, let me get our pull results. And thanks to the macaroni grill, even though this isn't specifically for us, but nevertheless, for some good stuff, some both type pasta and chicken here this morning. Nice going boys. Love the macaroni grill. And when we all ate there the other night, we didn't have a shoe protein get up there and do that. Old man River Forest, which was very depressing. I don't know. We still have you guys. Pull question yesterday. What show do you listen to in the afternoon? Guess who wanted. Hey, stop it. That's right. Not even close. 218 out of 497 votes. The hump are 43.8%. How do you like that? It would seem to me the morning guys. I realized they're up against Howard, but even if you took Howard out of the mix, do they still do very well there? No, no, compared to our audience, not too great. Not too much of a turnover that morning show. But with Hank almost half our audience sticks around on the afternoon because. Because they're stuck on us. That was funny. Other gets second and see, we're in a dilemma about this. Because we're trying to figure out what are we leaving out. Somebody yesterday said magic 102.7. Okay, so maybe they got a few old farts. They want to hear the really bad bad selection of the same old oldies that they keep playing on their over and over again. After that, shockingly enough, it was a stupid talk. Liz Wilde, penis vagina vagina penis with 30 votes at 6%. Far short of Rick and said 22% when we did the pull on the morning show. And then have you have 22%. Not too good Liz sweetheart penis. Zeta had 22. That's 4% big head to 19 almost 4%. Power 96 at eight. How do you like that? Who do we appreciate? Smegma head eight. Coast head seven kids had seven. Wilde 100 at six and XDJ had none. So where do all the Julios go? That's the question. So there must be a lot of Julios in it. Listed with some place else. Like maybe Rario Romancia or Rario Amlor or any place where you can roll your tongue. They like roll a net tongue, baby. I'll tell you right now. Our pull question for tomorrow. And of course this should be a no brainer. But nevertheless, you never know. She may or want to be legalized. Don't you think that we already know the outcome of that. But you never know. There might be some funny studies in this audience. There might be some real assholes out there. Here's our first call on Tuesday and for Lauderdale. Hello. Neal. Hi. I'm a fashion day. Yes. And that's what I'm calling about. We sent no editorial board. Reminds voters that it has made the following recommendations. You know here's those neals. I'm a Republican front of me. Proposed county charter amendment to create the post of elected county mayor. Neal says no. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That's the sunset. Yeah. But we also know. And you want to know one of the reasons that we say. No. One of the main reasons. Can't get any. But even worse than Ken Jenny in a worse complex than a worse vault spot. The number one contributor to the pro mayor, the post raw mayor referendum was Wayne I've ping a $50,000. How do you like that? We don't like that. You want to know why he's doing that because it's a lot easier to get to one person. It is the whole atmosphere. I'm talking about your people. I'm so absolutely. You want to put his own little pawn in there is a little dictator. And we just say no to Wayne every single time. Just keep saying no all day. Okay. Thanks. And you're going to have a really Paul Trey turn out because, you know, what's the point of having these primary state by state? This is an anacronism. It's outdated to dinosaur. Have a day for a national primary all the states vote on the same day. Instead of all these ego trips between these stupid little states like no ham sure and Iowa and Delaware and all the other crap screw that. You want to do it the right way. And also, of course, that cuts down on all this campaign spending. That's what they keep talking about about being reformers cut down on our aircraft. You have to be a trillion here or be a control by a bunch of trillionaires to be able to get up money to continue going from one state to another state. It's an endurance contest. It's not a regular series of elections. It's an endurance-for-con contest. So here we got a presidential primary today with Gore and Bush and the others is all window dressing on there. Unless we're going to vote for Allen keys. That militant right way far. Sure. Why not? But it's a joke. It's a say. So we're going to have a real small turnout which you know on a one hand could be good. If everybody goes out there and votes. No. On it. One issue there. Now let's see. That's legislative. Just to clarify, legislative question one. Proposed county charter. This is in Broward only. Proposed county charter. Remember to create the post of elected county mayor expand the county commission from 7 to 9 members and let commissioners from separate districts. The Sun Sentinel says vote yes and like this very articulate right on the ball collar said. No. No. No. What you should vote on that. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Because even though he's behind in the polls that they've taken so far. If they do get this strong county mayor for Broward, you know he's going to be not only thrown his hat in the ring, but is the right to all arrested them too. So if there's any chance that we should have a guy named fascist dictator, let's enlippit in the blood before we have a chance. So that means I'm county question one, which expands the county commission from 7 to 9 members and let's commissioners from separate districts without adding a county mayor without the county mayor. Sun Sentinel says vote no. We say vote. Yes. Yes. See in one more of a good reason besides Wayne and Ken Jenny is affected to some Sentinel says one thing. You obviously ought to do the other. Just like the thing with a guy named ballpark and just like the thing with casino gambling, everything else that they recommend. Whatever they say, do the opposite. You'll be safe. We'll all be safe. Here's a mobile and for a lot of it. Hello. Anyhow you do. Okay. Hey, I am Mr. Fisher. Do I have a log by the way? Do I have any? I don't. George is more concerned about food this morning and the show and I would agree with that. But anyway. I better want them down. The way it's coming on. Anyways, I am Mr. Fisher show and I was wondering whether you ought to gunner. What do I bought a gunner not? Yeah. The poll would even steal. We had a thousand forty six votes. 543 said yes. I should buy one and 543 said no. And somebody called asked me yesterday and I said no. Yeah. So that's for everybody to guess and need to know. Good for you. And that's the way to do it. Absolutely. You bet. New lives for Neil. Okay. See. That's the way to do it. You can wonder. You can think that you know and maybe maybe you know and maybe you don't know. How do you like that? Anybody out there want to hear any more about Danny Boy. Yeah. Why wasn't Jimmy there? Danny and Jimmy. I mean, that's the only thing that's been going on in the town for months and months and months. Now, and I salute the Sun Sentinel for one thing. They squeeze twenty two pages. Mostly ads out of their special tribute to them. Where's the hero the way squeezed out of Paul three sixteen and far fewer ads. So I score an error in the Sun Sentinel. Twenty two pages with their special commemorative vision about Danny Boy. On and on and on. I mean, we loved Danny. He was great. He was a wonderful guy and every stole a freight train and it's set up on so on. He had those weird lips. But that's it. It was a football player. It's like a D.D. thing in his town dolphin disease. I wonder if we have anybody in this audience who doesn't care about Henry. No, thanks. Let's see right now five six seven. No five sixty. Huh? It's got to be just me and George. Not I shouldn't say don't care, but I mean I don't care anymore. Can I put it a little more tactfully? I don't give a sh** me more. That's right. That's how I feel. See, they all care. There's not one in a person called on there about that. No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without being stressed. Written permission of WQAMB-need acquisition court. The Rogers got it. I'm not a maid. I'm not a maid. I'm not a maid. The way does this give me a thing. Not till they fetch your glass. I'm not a maid. I thought it turned a maid. They gave me. And I'm scared to be glad. Funny how you wanted to do with me. Not a baby. But I'm really hot. Well, with pictures. I'm not the fear. I used to be. And there is Google's web. Way above my knees. Go to me. When you think of what you do to me. Remember that I'm. Needle baby. That's so fine. Be gracious. We're not one. We're not one. We're not one. All right. 15 to 5. If you've got any clue. That's our pull question. We're not talking about medical marijuana. We're just talking about in general. And if somebody votes no one, and I'm going to be really pissed off. But anyway, somebody probably will. You'll see that's what we've done it because I think you may be surprised. That a lot of people out there will brainwashed evil. So anyway, speaking of neo-rogies.com, now what is it that Eric wants us to do? A broadcast test. Click on the yellow box. Broadcast test. Yeah. Click on your yellow box. And see if it works. What do you mean see if it works? If it works. Like, you know, call over here and say, hey, yeah, it works. Or no, it doesn't. In other words, you've not sure that they're going to be able to hear it. Well, they want to know. And if you want to find out how many people we can actually accommodate per site. Well, I see. So everybody click on your yellow box on your Rogers.com. Go to our website, your Rogers.com. Click on a yellow box to listen. And we'll see how many people we can accommodate because we need a big wide one. And they've been with two. To accommodate all the people that we're going to do this thing. I want to borrow games like tomorrow. We won't be able to do it yet. But like starting next week. I think we have a more on human Monday. Tomorrow we got a Marlon's exhibition. Again, the Cardinals at the Marlon's 1250 and the afternoon. Are you excited about that? No. Are you ready for it? No. Can you handle it? Come on. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Yes, sir. I could care less about Dan Marino. Really? Yes. But you knew it was going to happen. It just goes to show you where our priorities set. Uh-huh. You know, the lead story on all of your local news was Dan Marino, Dan Marino, Dan Marino. And the same people that have already stories about it. Every God Dan Day, they write another story Dave Hyde, Eddie the Pope. Every one of these people. It's like a series. Well, they're just regurgitating all over themselves. And any of the Pope's is on the front page of the hero of icons, exit leaves us with a load of memories feeling a little older. Do I feel older? No. I feel one day older than I felt yesterday. In fact, I feel the same. They even narrowed it down to the fact that he gave an eight-minute speech. I mean, who care? Yeah. And the meantime, you got this guy, Steven Alt, until those two little girls are going to cry as that. So I've got to give him a little of shot. Yeah. He's got a lot of small articles. They buried the story and the middle of the news. Pay for it. And the meantime, like you said, we get 20 pages of garbage. And here we got an election today in the state. A statewide election, even though the presidential thing is kind of moved. But we got all these other issues on a ballot all over the state. And we got Danny Boyne, a front page again. Well, that I think that's because they want low voter turnout. And because of the fact that if you have low voter turnout. It gives you a diminutive. And the chances of them pushing through this strong mayor crap. Right. We're Ken Jenny. It's going to work. Just like, no. Thank you. Okay. And back to you. There's a guy who doesn't care about Dan Marino. I mean, it's not that it doesn't care about him. He just don't want to hear about him. You think line four might be screwed up today? Oh, it is. And blusks as we can't disconnect. You see, one thing we're finding out. I don't want to let anybody off the hook because it's still a responsibility in this God forsaken place. One thing we're discovering is that a verb, maybe half of the phone problems that we're having in a studio here on this show are a direct result of internal stuff going on inside this building and being connected to the other God damn phone system that the use on the sports show is the other 20 hours a day in the other room. Which is of course, as everybody knows like most of the equipment here in the Bees of Company, a piece of crap. Yeah, unadulterated crap, Swill, Schmidt, you name it. Garbage. So that line's not working. What about line eight? Oh. So another, we got an extra special deal going on here today with a phone. Hi, you're like them, apples, huh? And of course, the new tell us, which we have the instruments sitting in here, but the tell us people at the phone company out there in San Jose or wherever the hell they are. They can't get to right software shift in the well. They're going to do this. They're going to do that. And so now Friday it looks like they'll be shipping it out. Today is only March 14. Remember we were going to have all of this in here on February 14. One month today. We got it. No. Is the phone system working today? No. Is it all screwed up? Yeah. The piece of crap. Yeah. The good news is one. The broadcast test seems to be going very well. All right. Nice going there. Eric, baby. Let's just say, screw this place and do this. You're going to compute a crystal still need a phone system. We'll put our own guide in phones in. We'll get out of this place. Oh, this God forsaken place where they came to a phone system in that works. Nice going there. Bees lays the one at Bees lays the one at Bees lays the one at be Broadcasters. And for last time I checked 12 and 360 here today. That stock was taken a big. Wow. You could smell it. I clicked that thing on there on the. And by the way, I still love the road runner. That thing is faster than squirt score. You don't know what I'll tell you that right now. Faster and straighter and wilder. Just great. Instantaneous. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See what they should be celebrating yesterday. Is the biggest sports story in town? Is it about Dan marino? No. No. Chris Wells traded to the Rangers. Oh. We finally cut the umbilical cord. It says in both of those papers the worst trade in the history of professional sports finally is ended. That grotesque November 19 1996 trade. Stu Barnes and Jason Wully for the anxious Chris Wells. Not a bad guy. He just couldn't play to God damn game. He couldn't skate. He couldn't shoot. He couldn't pass. He couldn't do squat. But he looked good sitting in a suit and the stand. And then he looked much better when the minor leagues at much reduced salary. And now he's been traded to the Rangers for future considerations. Meaning that the Panthers will get a low round draft pick. If he plays a certain number game for the Rangers and if not they won't get nothing. So basically they gave him away. Go and buy by Chris. That's the base sports story right there. What do you up punching? There's still a lot working. They're working on it though. They're working on it. Who do ritual? They got it out right now and they're working out. That's what Danie B said. Don't want somebody to show them where it is and then he'll give it up more content. Here's a moment with Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. I just wanted to let you know. Yes sir. I just wanted to reaffirm or let you know that I felt the same way about you thinking with Danie, you know how to a lot of class but for other reasons. And what he said yesterday that after he was coach and he had teams that he says, I think that's for players. That was a perfect example of what real classers. He was saying, well, basically, we're saying I can coach as a bunch of unsilverized bar bear criminal gangsters right. Being completely honest. As opposed to what we have with regard to everyone else in the sports. Yeah, they all got to get to around the edges. I'm going to do a little politically correct attack that tap dance even a sports guy. Imagine that somebody's saying what they actually feel. That's what makes this such an abushly town is that you get into a real market and you get guys that write columns into paper or they get on the air and if somebody deserves to do that they just tiptoe around the tools because they want everybody to like him. Just like Joe Ross in the default this morning, you want everybody to like him. Your life doesn't work that way. And second of all with regard to your son, just the life and don't and our office we're having the same problem and it's taking us through to get any people to equipment from anybody. Yeah. So maybe it's not your company. Maybe it's just the whole friggin industry. Yeah, that could be it. It's only two and a half years and we're still working on it. Have a great day, pal. You can go by luck. The phone, yeah, the phone company suck the everybody sucks. Monica sucks. Everybody sucks, right? Yeah, suck this. 560, 0560. Boy, this is really good stuff. Mm-hmm. Good breakfast. And the like I told you off here, the thing that really makes this, the both type pasta with the chicken is the sunride tomatoes. Boy, do I love sunride tomatoes? Oh, or is that good? That is in those blow dried tomatoes. Yeah. See what I say, everybody blows. That's what I just didn't know about. I just got to say to everybody, huh? Blow a suck, something like that. How's mine for doing by the way? Oh, I do like that, Sean. No. Did. It's kind of that usual a wild man. And this is just very quiet. Sounds a silence. Well, what was that? I just just did up a little. Oh, you're goose didn't, Louis. Listen that. That must be the guilty of your pot. You just open up. That real civil and sounding squeaky boss, sound, yeah. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. But there's a woman's both town. Yes, yes, man. Okay. What's that all about? What's with this phone? Didn't you hear me? They must have the pot open again to the other room or something. Going there and beat the Dottie V over there with a baseball bat. I hear you, but the phone is just a piece of crap in here. Yeah, it sounds like a tin can. Right. I don't have the way to Romans did it when they went to gladiator fail. And when he did great, you look like a king, you know? Like, Reno has lived. But when he failed, they hung him up on a cross and they killed his family. Uh-huh. And not that we have to do that. But why should we glorify the guy? You failed. At the end. I mean, why should we say he quit because of health and family? He quit because he failed. That's terrible. That's sacrilegious. But it's true. Hey, he was all. What do you want from the guy? What do you mean he failed? Well, I mean, I just, I like the way to run. He was old and firm. He was done. He was, uh, the tank was empty. Yeah, you're right. Right? You're right. Be nice to him for crying all I. He never beat the crap out of anybody that we know of. Well, he lived too well for what he did. Okay. Well, that's a good point. I don't, yes. Okay, thanks. Okay. Then go smoke when it comes down a little bit. Melaline little sweetheart. I'm saying, I'm not looking for people to rip him. I'm just saying there's anybody not care. She's ripping him a big fat. That's good. Okay, but he had a point. Five, six. So what the hell was that? Nothing is open up. There's nothing. Nothing. So we have all kinds of new wrinkles today. Yeah. With the phone system being all screwed up. Just after we went through a couple of days, you know, you get a fall sense of security around here and you think that everything's working. Okay. How about that Chris Wells been given away to the Ranger? Yeah. Here's the statistics on that. Two bars with 80 million goals and a, Jason Wally with 20 trillion goals and a six for the Sabers. And here we got Chris Wells with. Yeah. Squad. No, but Anne is no good. 141 games played since that trade. Seven, two, three goals, 18. 25 points. Bards with 165. Well, he was 142. That's 307 points. And here's Chris Wells 25 points. And by the way, we've seen any good today. The trading deadline. The three of us have known the national hockey league. Seeing the BM doing anything. No. Anything going on? No. We made the big transaction. We got to get a Chris Wells. Boy, oh boy, Mr. BM. Is this the best you can do? Huh? Spokesman, the spokesman is your fall on hard times. I just don't get it. Because if they think that they can sit pat with this hand boy, I wouldn't scratch your back. Back to him that hand. 26 past 10 at 5, 60, WQM. Yeah. Bush. Bush. Bush. Bush. Yeah. What are you looking me like that for? Like what? Didn't you get to message? You said, Get Bush. Fuck. Yeah. What's parking? I understand. I don't know if I didn't hear the person. Oh, the Bush Park. Man, she's so hot on that. But given hot a whiff of pants on, I hear a whiff of in my heels. Let's have fun. And I can't stay home. Oh, I'm safe and cream-off. Maybe some pitch or some nugs anymore. So the shade thinks I'll flee top. And there is her cold mood. And if she fed that she ain't fair enough, then we'll save again until the stuff that she has is gone. And better to start woo-woo-woo. Because now she's so smooth. There ain't no grass on the runway. It's all been cleared. It's a exactly like a season when it's just got sick. Here's your forest and a plate. It's now your looking for real. Keep it that way every day. Or else we'll get a foul if. Okay, legal people. It was at the Park Plans Hotel. Boston, now they moved across the street. But it's still great. Thank you very much. Mark ran to me or by the way. Who of course was up there in the England. Then made a big mistake. It coming down here. But it does a great job. But you am sports. Thank you, Mark. You do it a hell of a job. Too bad you down here. Too bad for you. Good for us, bad for you. But at any rate, how could I be so slow by the way? Look at the number two contributor to the promare referendum on a ballot and Broward. Just keep saying, no, let that work. Keep going through your head by the way. No. On legislative question number one. No. Steve Barard. Wayne was number one with $50,000. Number two, Steve Barard. Former Auto Nation CE. How do you like that, huh? You starting to smell it? Can you smell it? Big pile. Big simmering smelly pile of smoking. Can you smell it? Yeah. So there's 80 grand right there. Just between those two grave robbers. All I can say is, oh, yeah, something really stinks is rotten and Denmark. Yeah, any of the Pope says we feel a little bit older today. Now that Danny Boy has retired. Anybody out there feel older. No. We feel a day old. No. I feel great. It doesn't change my life a bit. And I listen to these assholes calling out to his right. You know, it's one thing to pay tribute to somebody did a fine job. But I listen to these people calling in. You would think you like to call me yesterday. Well, what was the one moment you remember that was like the most, you know, and I said, I don't. And he was like, Chris, well, I think they got me a blown his brain out since that call. I think he's done not with us anymore. He was so depressed. Because that wasn't sharing his morbid attitudes. In fact, I won 33 bucks at the track last night. I would want to want a lot more. But I was just sitting there with my finger up my nose. If at Richard 12 to one shot there with the Northfield Downs here in the last way, I would sat there just stirring off of the space because I was so depressed about Danny Boy. This whole thing today, this is unacceptable this situation today. How long seven doing is that one least working? And line eight. Oh, what happened? That's just a load of time show. What the fuck? You guys see that more clearly? Looking at her, the boat there, we're going to be smoking a lot of weed on the air. You all have a lot of time to smoke. You see, there are a lot of people in your lives. And I wrote the question, you can't make a lot of these things. So if you point it by the stock, you're supposed to have some pieces of their idea of broadcasting and you want to be easily, okay? They're coming up from the public office. Not like a great introduction for the 150 years. You know, I'm talking about the stock. I've got to get me around your job. This is the idea that I think the right proposal to work. I think if I just feel like that is your one this today. Because this doesn't seem to be disconnected. Yeah, but I like that. When it's down, run off. And then I select the way. You can see the things that you put on your foot. And then I select the steps down here and make it look like it's a bit too thick. You know, that's what I love about that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of stuff about that. All right, hold that thought. Man, this is like a loony bin. You've got to have a straight jacket to come in your work every day. Uh huh. Good. Got all mighty. Five six, seven, oh, five, 60. Give it a shot. You never know what kind of sounds you're gonna hear when you dial us up You might hear Yeah, or you might just hear one of these It's a beautiful thing Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello You know, yes, sir. I'm not so sure if I can hear you anymore. I think I'm deafened my left ear. Okay. How's this that better? That sounds a little better. Yeah, you're coming in much clearer. Okay. Let me ask you. Do you feel any older today? I'm doing the older I stay older than yesterday. Okay, because then any folks that we all feel older now that Danny retired Nah, I'm a young boss. I mean, I'm doing pretty good. I can't go play great Hey, I just wanted to ask you to get your gun yet No, that's for everybody to guess and need a no. Okay. I'm gonna borrow it. I'm driving down on driving down 443 Lodder Hill And it's cop jumped out and and and places radar. I'm just scared to craft that. I mean like that doesn't get shot. He put it this thing at you Pointless thing right at me. Yeah, yeah, Lord. I'm sorry. I don't get a die You'll be placed at all. They run high at us road again this morning between Browden sunrise Boulevard's doing They're doing the only thing. I guess that plantation cops do it anymore. That's it in there I run on speed traps. Well, I'm I'm not going faster nothing. He he he hide behind the bush like you came and see him and it jumped out You're like you're I'm man. I ran them over scared me so fast. Yeah. So anyway, I just thought that was kind of good I was going to say to that cop were you flush back and okay? Okay, okay Too bad about those bad brace you got to is what I hear 567560 pound five 60 on the 18T wireless line see if I had any balls at all I would just I just toss this thing on here like this is a lot of good old days I just read a lot of good articles and talking to you I We should just start doing do this show in Morse code That sounds yeah, more code like Something like that sounds like a good idea I'm speaking to the guinea book of records Mod turned code Salvador Sammy the book of Ravana who did innocent Monday to all charges in alleged plot that distributed drug ExBC Ravana 55 introduced plea in Maricopa County Superior Court by a satellite from that Madison Street jail Where he's being held in five million dollars bond Ravana was wife Deborah Sunn and Gerard daughter Karen and son of law David C. Brooke as well as the suspected ringleader Michael Pappa also pleaded innocent Their plea was forget about it Ravana 44 others were arrested last month following an investigation to bring that allegedly dominated the illegal sale of the designer drug in Arizona Remember that song Arizona by a Mark Lundy with a ponytail That was the first guy that I began to dislike with a ponytail All were charged the two other one cow count in diamond last week Ravana will former hitman for the game beetle mafia family testified against the organization's boss John Gotti who was sentenced to life in prison 1992 and he will not forget about it Ravana's sir five years in prison Yeah forget about it, okay? Little ex to see here a little over there in Arizona. They got to have something exciting out there That's what most you'd all used to say and I think he was from Utah when he was he from Arizona and for more you know You don't remember Morris you doll Who once ran for president at least once your twice or a bunch of times and was really boring and now he's dead Well, we're gonna have you been all your life. I don't know maybe. I wasn't alive then 21 before 11 at the fifth-week at five 60 WQM over and yeah Can't keep his packer in his hands Oh I Rockumn with Will Welcome, tell it down there, children. Okay, 1046 and 560 W. You've got Hank with his NCAA preview show at To The Safed Don, book Shobby Six of Clock Tonight, who's a shadow of his former disgusting fan self and Eddie Okay runs with GA 10 o'clock tonight. Activist's following over Peta Beer Adspool, this story has been around for several days, but finally made it to our newspapers, which of course don't have enough space for all of this because they got Danny and every goddamn section, even the comic pages. Errorly page, there's what he grable with his ponytail, is that ironic I was just speaking about people with ponytails and how much I love him. Was that saying that? Nothing like that. What he's probably got a bunch of tickets for some horrible concert where you can get the money at the accrual sky indicator. What? All for a foreigner, like you said, a good place in a group that I like it a place where you inside and we'll get in the money. That I'm going to be given away at the prime court. I'm going to play the prime co-opers, he'll be given away some, is it definitely about the sandwiches? Yes, from our friends in all American subs, which, well, that's American. That's what I say? Atlantic City. So, I say all American, I always do that. Atlantic City subs, what's the difference? Atlantic City is an all American play? Yeah. Atlantic City subs. George will be given some of those away at the prime co-in Hollywood noon to noon also. How many? Twenty pair. Twenty pair. Wow, we got a pair. Twenty pair. You're hard out, Ray. Whitney. We got twenty pairs. We've got a tickets to see foreigner to summarize musical center, which is when. Mark's 28. Mark's 29. Twenty-nine. Come on, what do you get with us? Let's see, seventeen, twenty-four. What do you get? Wednesday. Wednesday, the twenty-nine. Forner, I love forner. How is your group that I would actually go see? Well, I go see him, now probably not. Now, Mike, maybe I'll steal a pair. Will I go see forner? No, because too many drugs will be a, uh, consume. Yeah, that would be bad. Concentrate. That's what Jeff Collins said. He said he would like to go see all these conscience, but there's too many people stole out of their mind and he absolutely won't participate in that. Is that what he said? Oh. Well, he was here last time. That's what he told me. I didn't say shit. You sure as hell did. Right on the area, you said it. And so. Anyway. So there's another reason to go see George Saturday between noon and two just despite Gary Sarder and by the way, let's point out again on another day when we got the phone system totally screwed up here. Let's point out once again that this company, the wannabe's liaison Greg Reid, give us one. We go out of these appearances absolutely nothing. Now we'll say this that last desperate, which was my last appearance ever by the way, and Hollywood's seminal gaming not known as whatever it is. They did give me Miguel, which was worth the price of admission, but did they give us anything to give away? No, they're like any other than that spending the wheel that wheel thing. Yeah. Yeah. That's all we had. I feel. They give us nothing. Send people on. And Gary Sarder doesn't care. Oh yeah. Well you just want to get the mentions. Gary you're a salesperson like I'm a goddamn rocket scientist, okay? Like Woodie Graper is going to win a guy damn beauty pageant. That's how much of a salesman you are, Gary Sarder. You Jack has you're just part of the guy damn QA and Mafia. You and screw in and all your other buddies. Who the hell are you kid? He can't anybody? No. Just write a contract, bring in a cash, give a couple of mentions. That's their idea of selling something, that some unsuspecting shmuck out there, that's expecting to get something in return, like advertising. Oh, advertising, what's that? So George will be a prime code this Saturday from noon to and this time he had some reason to go see him. He said he might even draw your pictures of some of the stuff he saw this wink of last time. Like the thing that was in Joe Costello's post, or did he hit him in the face, I think, or something like that? Oh, he ducked, baby duck, rhymes with, well, fill in the blackness and possibilities there. Anyway, a new ad campaign by an animal rights group or taking college students to replace their milk moustaches. Now, you college students out there, don't replace those milk moustaches. With beer foam, has angered anti-drunken driving activists and the dairy industry as well. A Norfolk government, in your base, people for the ethical treatment for animals, PETA, plans to unveil its got beer campaign on college campuses nationwide this week. All right, in time for those green beer, same patty day celebrations. Is there any other reason to go to college besides drinking beer? No, I never knew that there was one. We used to drink big half gallons of mice to grow. I'm Michigan State, that's what it was all about. I ever go to plants, no. No, but I had a hell of a good time. Let me tell you the story about the time I puked all over the mattress, already did. PETA says the dairy industry is cool. The cows and contends milk isn't as healthy as beer because of its fat content. A claims scoffed that by nutritionists as over a simplified. We had to be playing rick and shozed and beer is good for you. We wanted to do that. No, no, they'll get upset. In a letter Friday, mothers against drunk driving as PETA to pull the campaign, they said, pull it, yank it. And PETA said, no, no way, bitch. We're very concerned and appalled with it for the simple fact that underrated drinking is the number one drug problem on American youth said to resa heart a spokeswoman for the Irving Texas based group. The campaign also comes at a time of heightened concerned about campus binge drinking. If PETA's misguided purposes to announce the dairy industry, they certainly aren't advancing their ball by advocating alcohol consumption by college students said David Bockens, spokesman for a state attorney general Mark Early in Virginia. PETA said they'll proceed with the campaign anyway. They said to you, college students are savvy, said PETA's Bruce Friedrich, nobody's going to put beer on their Cheerios or get drunk and drivers a result of our campaign. Oh, no way Jose. Susan Ruland, the spokesman for the dairy industry has got milk and milk mustache campaigns, called PETA's parody ridiculous on so many levels. It's kind of amusing, she admitted though. It's so ridiculous, it's amusing, which I think is the idea. All right. College produced more and better milk if they're treated well, so it wouldn't make economic sense for dairy farmers to mistreat the animals, she said. Whatever, now that means milk is bad for you. Beer is good for you, not too much and don't drive, but it's good for you, and milk will kill you. Yeah. Most people have lactose intolerance, and there is no animal on the face of the earth that drinks some other animals milk. Did anybody ever hear that? No. It's just another goddamn comedy-pinkro conspiracy to have you buy something, just to squeeze the money out of your wallet. Something that's really bad for you, especially for in college. In addition to which when you're in college, they load the milk up with salt Peter. I should remind you, I like to say that they're Michigan State. Yeah, that they do, they seriously do. They load the milk up with salt Peter. And you won't get any mustache that way. Here's the mobile and homestead, hello. Yeah, and yeah, who do you like in the family cup final? So sure. Who do I like in the finals? Yeah. Why are the playoffs going on yet? No, but you like to lie on the pants, right? How can Toronto to panties be in the finals? I don't Detroit. Aren't they in the same conference? Yeah. What conference would they have panties in sir? Eastern. Yeah, what conference would the Toronto Maple Leafs in? That's Canadian. Okay. 560, 5050, 5060. There's another hockey car. Yeah. There is. The hockey expert. They're in the Canadian Conference. We have my panties. Thank you. 560, 5050, 5060, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Out of time I'm quiet just like yesterday and I'm pretty sure that one's working there, isn't it? Huh? Look at that. That's 785, 6345. What a sad, sad week. Another week it's going to be just like this. You'll see. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. What a wild world this has turned out to be a... What's the milk and the beer thing? I don't know about that. I think I told him to take the milk mustache anyways over the beer. And I'm, hey, with the Canadian, you know what I'm saying? I'm so happy. He's returned. I just hope they don't trade it's not like they did that kid. Yeah, Leon kid. Yeah. I'm Cuba. Are you watching nothing yet? Oh no, no. I feel like he's got pissed off and I'm not doing another tribute to Danny for four hours today and I didn't do one yesterday. Oh, God, thank you. Oh, I thought he was CC anyways. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I called him because I'm up close for my all reasons. Please, my birthday. Yeah. I wanted to, you just say, have a birthday to me. You wanted, why, want anybody else to with? No. Okay, there you go sweetheart. You're a sweet art. And I gotta tell you something else. Yes. I don't know. You're playing everything. I'm going to call again after this. Probably not. My boyfriend is the guard. My mom. So I gotta say go, my boyfriend. Oh, her boyfriend. That retard, that 88 year old retard. She was right. I'm going to do on a time green right now. I got my finger up my nose all the way to where my brain used to be. God. 567. We got 48 hundred open lines here this morning. We got another battle. Another battle today, especially with a phone all screwed up. We're used to that. 567. 560. 550. On the 18T wireless line. Here's my me, beech hello. There's a mobile and don't read beech hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. I like to just reiterate something on that same good vinyl article. You just mentioned. Uh, you said that John would like to share me to be in the cell next to him. That would be impossible because John is in federal prison. Yeah. Yeah, he's in sham is going to be arrested by the, he's arrested by hours. Oh, that's true. Forget about it. Yeah. The most ill-service that I mean on this case is probably 12 years, which means he'll probably do about four. Yeah. So that'll never happen. So forget about it. We get about it. Yeah. All right. Very well said. I have a great day. Right. Forget about it. Anybody seen Danny Brasco? I was pretty good. I mean, how old is that movie? How many years? Three, four years? Two years? So what? Danny Brasco? How long goes that movie? Three, four, three, four. Well, by the way, we got to find out the name of that very, very fine-looking young man. It was an American pie, which I forgot to mention on here that I finally did see American pie. And it was cute in the head of his moment. It was okay. And the young man was at that they had his hair all screwed up in the movie, but really looks very, very good. And there was in the shower scene. And he was the one that was at the home. Did they call him in the movie? He saw a pie. But anyway, he's in some room. He was a pretty boy. Chris something. Somebody will call in and tell us what his name is. And they call him pretty boy. Especially compared to the other punk they had in that movie. The other who I'm talking about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I'm a ho! The following is a public service announcement from the Girl Scouts of America. It's that time of year again when Girl Scouts across the land will be selling boxes of cookies. The following is a proper way for Girl Scouts to do just that. First, bring the doorbell of the house and question. Then someone answers it. Show them your box. Make sure that your box is clean and free of residue. Then tell them that you're selling your box and see if they would like to buy it. If they ask, go ahead and open your box. Show them all the goodies inside. And if they don't like your box, you can take the final approach and actually give them a taste from your box. Hmm, they'll say, you sure have a tastey cookie? Remember that Girl Scouts and Good Luck in selling your boxes. It's 11, 0, 2, 5, 60, W, Q, A. I'll tell you one thing, boy. Get a lot of response on the website. No response on the phone. I don't know what I'm saying. So why don't we just move the whole goddamn thing to the internet? Because the idea of doing the show on the phone anymore, it's history. It's all over. Coming soon. Yeah. Here's a fact. This is a couple of off-air questions. Why can't we email you instead of passing? You can't email us because we don't have a computer. You can email, just won't get it to the next thing. Right. Well, I won't be to rush the right. That's what they're talking about. I'm getting my own computer for in here because this company, again, is too cheap to get a guy damn. Don't be so stupid. A computer for us. Just like the phone system. Cheap, cheap, cheap. The beeslies that want you to buy their stock. The answer is, oh, no, we don't want it. Theый those people are hard people want them charge and sell from a cheap cash least, other than traveling platforms. And any public cannot adults show themselves to sell on customers? More than ones. 10. 10 to stay away from their business and friends. Anyway, we're moving on. They need to say they can't sell them. That's what they're doing. His business would not give me respect and respect and respect. Firedadodea plays alongside them. Right. Alloten and over. time of the day. Thank you very much, herb, and for waterdale. One call on the board and that's it. Pretty good, Andy pressing here. What's going on in this phone every day? Gotta fight the guy in company because the phone doesn't work. Gotta fight the audience because they got nothing to say. The battle. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT and T line. One call here it is. Mobile and water hill. Hello. Yeah, hi. You know, I do it. Thank you. Time. I'll take a, I love your show. I'm a long time. Look for a call for less. I was 292. Uh-huh. And my name's Captain, I think I was they call about one to be eight years this audience. I don't even want to hear from like that bitch that was the idiot's girlfriend. But anyway, I'll tell you about it. Yeah, I'm not making a big hike over this family. You know, I mean, he was good this time. I loved him. It was only days, but we all know he was a football player. Okay. He was a football player. He wasn't a president. He wasn't a poker grindout loss. He was very, very, very much more than a scientist that created a cure for cancer. He was a front eye football player. Oh, I know. I mean, I think the people who come on in the clouds, he could less attention nowadays. Right. That's correct. Unless he could throw a ball 60 yards. Yeah, I know that's right. And the only in Gonzalez, I mean, here's all these, all these people that are one bit again. Don't say that again. Oh, you were right. It's bad. What's for about that? But anyway, I remember you're going to light up all the time. When I was a little bit new when you were on the Y. Well, that was on a station that at the first of all, was a real radio station that had like real talk shows on all day and so that is quick. And number two, we had a phone that worked 99% of the time. Here I spend 95% of my time trying to find out if the guy at the phone is going to work or not. Yeah, I could have, I could have, I don't have a horse ball operation. And there's nothing you can say to these people. They say, oh, wouldn't you like to sign for another year? No, no, no. Well, let's do the show in Bangalore, there's for a few days if you'll sign for another 10 years. I keep telling are you people crazy or what? Yeah, I'm off to the moment. I say that. I get that fuck on me, survive on my own. What kind of an operation is this anyway? And of course, yesterday, you should have seen them around here. This show like I like always, this show counts for nothing. It's part of the fact that we blow everybody else away on the station with ratings and would all the other stuff bring all this money in here. It means nothing. The only thing that we're concerned about, they were hyperventilating around here about Danny's press conference. That was the important stuff. We were just an impediment. We were just in the way. We could have gone out and dropped the back and everything else. Nobody would come up. Absolutely correct. Yesterday was a great day to Robo Bank, you're right. I tell you, but he's got the good work, be a lot. I'm up to the show and keep on hopefully getting some of these things after the call. Okay, I have a great day. God bless me. 560, 50560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing, man? Okay. Okay. I don't know the kids last name, but I know he was another movie that came out about. There's something I know it's just something. I mean, we haven't got the answer to this yet. He was an artist record. They called him Oz in the movie, but we don't have the actor's name yet. We don't have the actor's name. Oz, he played Oz in American Pie. He was also in a one called election with the Matthew Brogger. He was in a reaction. I wish I'd have seen that. Yeah. He played his one of the movies. You see him more in that movie because he's one of the characters in the movie. Yeah. Instead of this one, you know, we're just like four different kids. Yeah, what happened to the bird. I caught and came in late yesterday. died. Oh, dead. Oh. I'm S. He had it for years and years. Oh, wow. When you were diminishing with the idea of thinking my favorite short Z that was when you had Johnny Depp on. Yeah, mine too. And the one that's one taste. Yeah, and the one at the house. We did at the house. Right. When we had the KC was there. Yeah. And I was a ugly kid. Yeah. I was great. Well, listen, ever great. They found like. Yeah. See, that's what we should be talking about. Our great old days of the past that a Danny boy. He was a freaking football player. Here. I am. I can't even get. I can't buy a goddamn phone call. 24 years in his time. We get our 24th anniversary. Was there one mention in any news, paper? Oh, even even like a sentence in Josie, lambito John, Flies. No, Tom Jica. Uh, any of those people? No. 24 years on a year of trying desperately to entertain his goddamn town and assimilate a little bit when it's out stimulated out. Not a word. Chris Klein. Chris Klein. God bless you, Chris, and whoever called in with that information. Chris Klein rhymes with fine. He's fine with me. I'll tell you that. I mean, just another pretty face in the body and whatever else you've got there. Chris Klein, and he's got some new movie, which is called something about head, I think. It, and oh, it is. It's called. Well, it begins with an H. Don't you ever do that like you see something on TV and you can't catch the whole thing? Is it the hanging up? I think that's the only one I see that show and it begins with an H. Hong, it's called Hong, but it was hanging out at Hong when it's out hanging out. Chris, before it's too late. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, sixy, pound, five, sixy, on the 18th, T, wireless line. Yeah, this town is some like I said yesterday, they didn't deserve Danny Boy. They don't deserve me. They don't deserve popbell Burray. You know what? They deserve, they deserve Ed Pope. That's what they deserve. They deserve Jersey Gaki. Yeah, and I noticed Hank was there yesterday as much as, you know, Hank and I get along great. We got a great crossover there. When he starts talking about his good friend, Jersey Gaki, I start wanting to drive off the road. Okay, what is that all about? You almost have naked pictures of Hank with some clown or something. I don't know what that's all about. Got to me. Thanks, got to, and he's got much to go to take to be hanging around with a touch like, there's a guy. Oh, God, it makes me, it makes my ball ditch. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Mr. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Well, I couldn't agree with you more about a lot of things. I know that you've entered pain in this community a lot more over the years than damn arena has. I see four years even whether people are sports fans, not sports fans. They don't have to be in a one specific thing. Let me count you. You count you. Go ahead. I'm just being real serious here. Yeah. The amount of hours, or hours a day. That's right. I'm wanting something years. I remember you. I hate to say I'm to go back this far with you, but back on the days of WI and Z when it was serious talk radio in the evening. Oh, yes. But anyway, the best, the current stuff, and all I got to say is you provided more entertainment to more people for free. Right. That's why nobody has to buy it. And then we can definitely write. Because nobody has to worry about whether this was blacked out or not. You didn't have to spend $50 for a ticket to sit and rain in the heat and the whatever they had at the stadium. Right. Now, the point of the matter is it's something awful where to happen to you. They have a big celebration for you too. I'm sure of it. But it was a way over a long thing. Well, what did we go after? It happened. It's something awful happened to Danny. I missed that. He was forced into retirement due to old age and the fact that he ain't what he used to be. He was a great quarterback. You and I both agree. I think the things that are we care they're going to have like a special hour hours and hours on television and special sections of the newspaper. Oh, dude. I don't get it. I don't understand a lot of things. I don't understand Larry King. Do you know what he's doing? There are a lot of this stuff. Yeah. But the point is I just got to say to your listeners, how would you that you have provided the maximum amount of great entertainment for the longest period of time involved with greatest number of people that you have to do. I think everybody knows you a lot. People get on the air with you and do their thing. Yeah. And you know, I've got enough of a color. You said. I said enough of a color. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Well, I don't know. A hammer Chris Klein. It's tough. 560. Look at that. And now we got back to see this is not going to work. Boy, this is not going to work. This is not my idea of doing a top show in his town. It's going through this crap again. Well, we're through another phase. Danny Boy, we tires. They had 75,000 hours of nonstop people assholes. All of a standing to the same crap. Ribbon him, suck it up. The same garbage. This show can't buy a guy named call when I'm going through this song to dance. It's a tired old fricking same old song to dance like the four top set. You know what I'm talking about? Thanks, Woody. Get out of here. Sports radio, 560. You, A, M. This station stands for nothing. This guy had a phone. And this is the hit in Woody. We act like Cheechen-Chom. Send you some munchies and make brownies filled with hats. And Woody Sherrys with Jesus and the Saint. The fire is hot and yet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What have got most cannabis? Most can't buy more of us. Get who's high. We're cool. Yeah. We're cool. beef? Get him four. Okay. Okay.iriesers is bad. Let have some little Most of the fake Bob Marley on his throne Not fun and heaven let's go 11 16 at 560 WQMR poll so far should marijuana be legalized Yes 96 No 12 108 votes in the first hour pretty heavy duty Well that's why they're not calling their all busy on era internet under thing under PC they did along on it Ender smoke at it and they're rolling it and they're picking a seed job and they're picking a seed out of the recto Also in between 108 votes 12 of them said no, how do you like that? I'm in sense about that in fact I think we're going to burn some incense and hear just as protest Hey, let's burn some we got we got incense. Let's start lighting some up. Okay. Just as a protest of those 12 people who said no that it shouldn't be legalized What a bunch of funny that idiots I guarantee you right now speaking of milk milk is worse for you than marijuana Milk causes hardening of the arteries It's quite an especially if you drink it like not a skim milk and like regular milk with all that fat in there Hard attacks strokes obesity Lactose intolerance Luce oozy stool Yeah Anybody ever get loose oozy stool from smoke and a joint? No way One call after this caller went out with a great suck job Which I thought he was magnificent even if he didn't mean it all one call on a board We've done we reached the end of the line here boys and girls It's been interesting. I would say a lot of fun. It's been a frustrating 24 years We reached the end of the line here today I think even line eight we had a call on that must be working again Yeah, all the line eight to be working again. So the problem isn't on the inside The problem is on the outside is usual Yeah, I used to be a war or just fighting the audience But now since I come to this station I fight management with a photosynthesis that doesn't work and the audience So I got a two prong the attack here. I have to fight every day. It's like when we were fighting in WWE 2 The japs on a one side and the Nazis on the other side. That's the war that I have to fight every guy dead day of my life Just to try to do a job for four hours On his horseball make believe radio station Here's a mobile and pop a no hello I know yes sir A couple things one I just got done voting on the internet and I jumped into my car and was going down a land of Boulevard And saw a great no board that says think I planted some stuff here for you to smoke signed it God Yeah, not a land of Gavin you just east of power line. Are you serious? Yep, this is a response to those stupid god billboards. You know what I said is Very I planted some stuff here for you to smoke. Yeah, great. That's all I got in the eye. Thanks Thanks for the good news. Okay. How do you like that even God smokes the good stuff? Huh? 560 50560 pound 560 on the 18. What is that? What? What just happened there since the 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's four miles hello Neil yes sir Jacks will just score to get Uh-huh And And And that's a that's a material Here's a mobile and put a go to hello Hi, but no go to how you do it. Okay. Are you on? I'm on. Are you on? Yes, we're doing the election route out here. Number one two things Um, and please don't take a fence at this. I teach you. I'm going to be offended. I teach you. I'm going to be offended. I teach you. Football basketball Based on over at Cajar's Boromail in Port Choward here. Yes. And perhaps one thing that you might want to work on. I'm not recommending this to you Is maybe just toned down the language a little bit because I have some of my kids Listen to to your comments. You want to do that? No. Okay. The second thing I want to do is what does that mean? Because you have some kids listening. In other words, you're calling You hear and telling me what I should say on the year. No. I'm just saying something She's saying I'm just a little bit of fence. So such is a lot. Yeah. Well, I just show this show isn't for kids. It's for people who, you know, it's Whoever wants the listen whoever's mature enough to listen. Yeah. What is it for example that I say that's offensive to your kids. You listen. What is that? Well, anything that begins with an A or cell phone. A pencil? Yeah. How old are these kids? Well, these kids are going into high school. You know, and they do hear you. There are kids that are going into high school and they've never heard the word asshole before. No. They've never heard it. They've heard it. But they just probably don't use it. The kids don't say asshole. Man, you might, you might have a lot from under the You appreciate what. Yeah. If they do to our school, we have to, we have to call their parents You know, when they're just about to say, oh my god, you have what you're trying to, you're trying to Go to the mother of a girl with the drain over something after they say asshole. No, we're there. We just try to keep them a little bit cleaner. What the other question I had. We don't know. Yeah. Is there something? No. Is there something we can do about the, the Sally cap in the baseball league? The Sally. Oh, brother. Sallery cap in the baseball league. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And this guy, he's got something to do with kids this guy. Okay. I call the investigators out right now. Hey, you kids out there. Anybody ever hear asshole? No. If they know him, they sure as hell know the meaning of the word asshole. They know this guy. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Welcome to the real world boys and girls. Welcome to Florida. Like I've always said, this show is the most accurate reflection you'll ever get to what this States all about. Right. And he was one of the best and he was serious. That's the best part. He was serious. What an asshole. He's an asshole. That's what I just said. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, I think we could tone down the marlins and maybe he's that would take that offensive thing. You know something on the static that we have a marlin game in 1250 tomorrow. We should head one today because we're going to be an hour and a half away from it. This audience deserves the Marlin exhibition games. It's right. Neil, the go through here to get them to respond. James Rimmer's listen, a just Rimmer's fire report from a week or so ago. But Chris Wells thing is killing me because it's just so quietly swept under the rug. Yeah. And you're right. You're the only person that ever commented on here this morning. I mentioned that the beginning of the show. Nobody's got anything to say about that. When I read that in the paper today and I compared. Good day, Chris Wells from Mary Wells. Oh my god. But let me give you a few more rules. You're going to love this Rimmer's fire report. He the game that he has to end it. I think it was the St. Louis game a couple weeks ago. Yeah. Rimmer was in the audience about two rows behind the goalie sitting and he was in rare form because people kept coming up to me. So he was the father of Bernie or something. Oh, yes. So wait a minute. He's outside in between periods talking to a group of people and in all glory. He turns around. He says I got to go into the bathroom. He walks into the ladies bathroom. Yeah. Oh, my god. You might want to check him out on that one. Hey, stunk. Thank you. The good news. Was this guy trying to say something or what? 560, 50560 on the 182 wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good to see you. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. I knew how you doing. Okay. Hey, I was talking with a secretary in my office yesterday at dinner. What the Pope was apologizing for. And she's always in church. And in the conversation, she started to tell me that there's basically like a year 2000 special going on with the Catholic church. That if you if you get into confession this year, the Pope is authorized to lessen your stay in purgatory. Yeah. You know, that's going to where does he get this authority? You know, can I get this kind of thing in writing? Have my attorney review it? But she's serious. I didn't know about this. I thought well, you know, maybe we can get it out. She's obviously an idiot in Inbesil. Oh, I know that. Person with no mind. And you know, I said, well, you get if you get this out a little bit more. You get a lot of people converting. I mean, what does he have? Yeah, he voted yes. By the way, the Pope voted on our website this morning. He voted yes. Amazing. Yeah. And the other thing, if you if you heard third eye blind. Now the group. No. You ought to get a pickup to new CD. You, I think to enjoy it. Okay. All right. Take care. Five six, haven't speaking of blind. By the way, I'm trying to get some news about Brian Barard at least with that horrible injury and losing his eyesight maybe in one eye. And I'm looking at in post sports sessions this morning that are filled with 75, 75,000 pages about Danny Boy. Did I see one word about that? Oh, and update. Oh, when I get home, I'm going to have to look on a guy at the internet and look up to Toronto. You can't go in on there. Major's story that there should be some follow up in there in the local papers. No. You can't complain about your coverage of sports and this town. Because there isn't any there isn't any. It's a bunch of high school volleyball games and Danny Boy and Jimmy Boy and Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and that and that's it. Because you got a bunch of guy named. Parochial assholes and all. I know. He was one or two things. And that's it. And then very jackass writing his a big commentary there about the coverage of Danny Boy. Yesterday in Channel Ford to this in Channel six to that. And a few way into this. and the fans he's got to give a comment about the fans and guess what Barry they still have no measurable audience. I got the brand new trends right in front of me here do they show up anywhere at any demographic they have one diary. No they've been on your six months doing this which Barry Jackass is done everything in his power to try to stuff them down our throat if they got one list there. Oh, said Barry and his sports theories that we're here any afternoon that's right they're the ones listening over there and tomorrow sales holes. Oh yeah that's very entertaining those two Jews over there. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQM. I'm 4.30. 5.60 QA. Yes. Where you fudge back now? Today is dramatic reading the couple of light by Ricky Martin as interpreted by recent firm donor David Crozzley. The couple of light man. The couple of light. This is the one. Now is the time. Oh almost done every stop. Push it along. Got to be strong. Oh push it along right to the top. Teacher children well man and that was today dramatic reading of the couple of light by Ricky Martin has interpreted by David Crozzley. One by the way speaking of David Crozzley. What are how he's doing? David Crozzley. Anybody have a heart or a liver lemon 31 at 5.60 WQM. Holyoke came in and fixed our phone. Nice going. Holyoke. He had a word diddle with it. 5.6705.60 pomph 5.60 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady mobile and wellington. Hello. Wellington. Yes ma'am. Oh god wait for so long. I'm glad to call the BPA word. You haven't been waiting for so long. 9 minutes and 47 seconds. I have two. I'm married. Got normal with the listen to you forever. Two boys can 12. Two long shorman. Dave Curne's like there's no tomorrow. I think I'm doing it and we don't do it in front of them. What is this guy next? Yes. Everybody in me has a mouth like a toilet. Right. They could be truck drivers. Right. They could reach the steering wheel. Exactly. What an idiot. What an asshole. That's a bad thing. Thank you. Have a good day. How do you like that? You jackass over there and where women helly was. For the import charlotte some where was that guy called put a gorda some red neck yahu plays over there. She says you're a f**k. That's what she says. Fine look at this. They come they go they come they go instant that's what they want instant process response immediate like with intense seconds or less. Look at what. Two bad. 567. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line 8777856345. Yeah a few things you can do one to show for him for him and a kid to listen. Go to help pal. How's that? Here's a free ticket to hell. Go straight there. Do not stop and collect $200. Do not pass your heinous and get out of my face. All these condescending goody to choose buy both something phony baloney assholes like him. Here's key west. Hello. Yes deal how you doing? Okay sir first time call or okay. I was blown my horn and I heard you're kind of hard up for phone calls and we get the key west citizen down here. And a big story was that they they don't a motorcycle accident and there was a priest who was blessing all the motorcycles with holy water. Father who? Yeah they're too old hoping that the accident just I guess wouldn't re-occur or some miracle would be performed but well a lot of priest like those bikers you know. Yeah they'd like the leather pants right there you got it. I was just gonna comment another story to the change. Another quick story. In the surfing through the TV channels a lot of times I can't help but go to the TV and channel with all religious stuff and there was a thing that happened recently where Paul Krauss the president was asking for the parishioners of course always a said money but to pray for one of their higher ups that was gravely ill at the hospital. And of course then he said well Benny Hennel be with us tomorrow. Well of course if Benny Hennel is healing everybody why does he need people to quote pray or do something and said money to heal one of his guys why didn't Benny Hennel go to the hospital and heal this guy right off right he can a little hands on number exactly obviously he can't and I always kind of parallel professional wrestling with the TV evangelism they're both so fake and I can't understand I can't understand what I felt like people still you know and all the money and get more less of people. Because there's a lot of stupid people how do you think that this thing continues because there's a lot of morons out there a lot of idiots why do you think that religion exists in the first place there's a lot of gullible people looking for a crush will believe any kind of crap that you brainwash him with. Yeah you would think in this modern day and age people would get a little smarter you would think but they won't. And I guess that's how these James Jones and all those other characters. And you know what? And you know something those people they don't have to get on like I do a black bag for a free phone call they get on there a bag for tax free money and they get it they get it yeah millions and millions and millions they air every time they do one of those shows on 60 minutes or 2020 they show all those little old ladies sitting and they're opening up the envelopes and they're and they're funneling through the money they got a big operation going through here's the hundreds and here's the 50s near the 20s and here's the checks and here's the master card in the visa. Yeah. Yeah. You won't actually only have a business like that. There's a guy named Brother Shamback who comes on the show at this guy and this guy would be a very what I use car sales from this guy. I mean this guy is such a crook. I mean and so it's so crook at an obvious that I sit there and I watch for just a short time I can't stomach it for too long but I'm like shaking my head saying how in the world is this guy on the air you have to just be just laughing in the back room and it's just incredible. And we can't say crap on here but they can go on here and suck for money and have a disappear have a great day thanks God bless you five six seven over by the way thanks Eric for facting me this stuff from the internet but it from the Toronto Summit and it's nothing to do with what I'm talking about Napoli fans pay for barards thanks Eric but does it say anything about his condition? No it's going on. Oh thanks anyway Eric but what can I say? 5 6 7 0 5 60 Tom 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line is open 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 45 here's my need be chill out. Good morning y'all. I have one point to make and I have a question please a small point about Marina did you notice that when he did retire do you notice he said I'd be tired from the landing dolphins that 1% out of a hundred he didn't know he did not he said I'm not going to play football again that he said at least twice. You know that twice. What he said okay if the other thing I want to ask you know did you notice the other day when they shut clothes down high 95 because they had a gunman in the hotel room. Yeah. And he asked you something but are these for what teams the guys in the hotel when by himself no hostages how does it take six hours to get them out? I don't understand that I can't issue one thing of tear gas in how do that that's the new thing now when they have a hostage or when they don't have a hostage they have somebody there it takes six to seven hours. Yeah how do they couldn't have backed up the traffic if they did it right away? I know but I mean you have a guy in the hotel when they're on a plane page if they would have done it right away they'd have gone out in five minutes. Oh that was a good good. That's right. Okay no you're the best I enjoy your show. Okay and God bless us. Yeah big article here there look at us stand off shut sign 95 for hours there's the BSO the SWAT team they were probably busy at the SWAT team with the ESC mask gone you know can't journey ahead of them all on hide up at the SWAT club so to speak and they probably had to took them hours to get them out of there so they could go do this deal get the gunman out of the hotel. That's what goes on with the BS. A lot of BS can't journey he's got to put the BS in the BS you got within his car in the parking lot by the way. I know that okay by the motel right just off yeah yeah and nothing because the other guy was saying that he was in the hotel. So all these people are calling a correction. Let me ask you does it make a difference apparently. In fact if he was in the car outside the motel there's a lot easier he wasn't I mean inside the motel it might be a dangerous of he's in the car like a sitting duck. But you want his at windows we want the traffic opened up on i95 we don't want to be sitting there for hours but we wait to decide what you want to do with his jackass with the gun in the car he's got a gun. Say goodbye bye bye and then forget about it. 21 before noon is 5 60 WQAM. How young is too young? No. no. All right in fat don't be hanging around people will say you're on drugs okay don't laugh if you get one unwell you like eating food don't say you're on drugs people will say you're on drugs broy oh we're fine don't walk on the city streets without hollow points or glass logs don't say but show anything people will say you're on drugs 255-60 and they must be on drugs actually they're on a lot of people to get that the strong air thing and brown and they're doing the money presided on drug related charges i wonder what was father or two what do you think recene was constant a priest accused of setting up a sexual and counter via the internet with an undercover agent posing as a 14 year old drug charge is speaking of people say you're on drugs the Reverend John M. fordek 47 of ill-park Illinois was arrested for boy 17 prosecutors said he had traveled to recene to meet the boy and a fast food restaurant intending to sell an alcoholic steroid a drug associated with muscle building and to have sex like that he might have pump him up a little bit so to speak what did he say one of the pop little boy yeah suck on this boy fordek with charge of possession of antibiotics their rights with the intended delivery position of marijuana oh no attempted secondary sexual assault of a child and solicitation of a child how do you like them apples huh they're fact in the church another isolated incident the 524 million in a series did the pop of apologized for that all of the stations of all to boys and other children no didn't he just left that out the list is so long he didn't have time to cover all the bases of the speak he never got the first base and of course when you're that old and you walk it around with a dress and a schmoth on how can you get how can you bottle down to first base right 560 5050 5050 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady mobile in four-laterdale hello hi Neil yes man I have some information about barards okay his career is over he had lost his eyesight in the NHL requires at least 20% vision in the eye and we're all over terrible yeah I just wanted to tell you that thanks for the better no first on there okay thanks go go go again two or three more times come on it'll be a small turnout today just like our turn out here on the phone today pretty weak 560 5050 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line a button is town of who Brian Brard is number 34 outstanding young defense mentor on the police why didn't one eye would stick to the eye his career is all over prematurely he's not going to have a he was the working in the year and the lead couple years ago with the islanders he's not had an opportunity for seventeen years seen and to be honored and have big sections of newspaper that's a tragedy when somebody has all of those years then it should be a celebration not like like everybody's low in their brains out with this anything nice goal and have a great life and our life moves on right is that the way to post the work no I forgot that's right it's Miami I forgot you can just keep wallowing and the in the past there's a mobile and west palm beach hello yes sir let's see what palm item okay if i'm trying to get all the if for fifteen years but i work for a living in honor of the future try to get in touch with you your busy uh... it's a true story about the schwarzard answered on the table yes it is he wasn't there was singing a dancing i find out how to believe that i'll tell you what i want to be a target what do you mean it's hard to believe he was singing that's the only thing i found in fifteen years of listening to you i thought was a joke but you're correct about that yes i am it was at the macaroni grill that have a uh... black guy works in the kitchen he gets up there any things uh... i don't know what it was in some of the zard language i have no idea i'm a girl also for that village idiot that problem with the kids yeah you are working you are played a business play one play a dinner for the day after the have a great day pal okay all i'll be honest with the second day of the world we had a request for Dennis lyrics we could play that to three times to get out in here that's how long that thing four minutes to twenty two seconds that we're playing it again today no but thanks for the thought yeah the guy over there who is called from the west court he's an ass watch my it could be watch our language a little bit here no we're not turning it down we're not changing the show to make you happy ready to give a little kids happy we're doing a show if you like it fine if not that's for you okay pal get lost still whatever in the west coast where you'll be safe five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless lunch as we continue bang in our way along here bang in our way along i like all those public trucks they got out there yesterday that was nice you see that they had all day a public day had volunteered drivers come out and put all the public trucks between the agyne car and he's still tied up the transfers for a hundred hours because there were two busy at the bs and the swing clubs where about people's been an a stop that's what they worry about and brought and if you vote for that strong mayor today believe me can journey is going to be the dictator in brown county so just say low which one is it again i got to make sure i tell them the right thing and they purposely do it very confusing on here they put on because nobody knows what it's all about legislative question number one county question one county question two no no one legislative question one which is one where you would have a strong mayor don't want an elected strong county mayor do we want it no way wants it his body there received barard the relation to brine he wants it so doesn't that tell everything you need to know the answer is no any time way in high pingo john and we were any of their real ask for something don't even don't wait to find out what it is just a phone even bother asking the answer is no wants to be happy food of the macarine all nothing and by the way that business with a plastic bottle beer there that is so outrageous to me hope it's only plastic bottles yeah that will go over bigger than the ranch on the ice after they've had the first one your thirty bottles of beer at the macarina all you have it if they don't set put and they got to give them a cup you know my cost like a tenth of a set for one of those cups and they can't afford to give me a deal with you got to take your own so that we can save a hundred of a cent on a guy in couple it so come over the macarina get your own live here's a lady in for a lot of day hello yes man yes it is not you know my name is pat me as a living for a lot of florida yes pat for a lot of the florida we don't want that strong mayor but we also don't want that dark park what park is that oh those yes to the park or no for the park at high park on Los Angeles that's an eight million dollar bond which is that a countywide question oh yes it is I believe well no it's a fortlater do question yeah I can't live in for a lot of years so I don't have that balance yeah well what happened right here it is that's right in for a lot of that you got an even you dollar park bond issue right and even a son sent us to go against the bonds so I have to wonder about that well it's uh... what they want to eight million dollars it's before first later we're asked could be planted yeah could end up costing twenty million the training in house is the only over and above the eight well they tried to raise money before it didn't happen to who's going to get stuck who's the strand and house what is that part of my ignorance but I've no idea what any and house is almost always in the river and it was the original trading post back in the early uh... boarding post yeah you know it's a historical site and they have tours there they only charge their little kids that are eight years old and schools eleven dollars to go to the bargon i never heard it yeah it's a strand of hand house it's one of our historical i heard it even house in Rochester but i never heard of the strand of hand house in four lot of them yeah any house they would like to have it so they can have more so well they're not having the answer is no we don't want to go go to get no i don't know all the all the three hundred dollar dollars all always be on the safe side by voting for whatever kind of it has to do with voting taxpayers money if you're not really sure just a lot to be on the safe side you've got it could remove a three hundred dollar tax pay to all k bye by the bad bye go on vote again no okay thanks yeah let's get at least a hundred people out there to vote today that should put it over the edge because nobody's been a vote in the primary because it's already a done deal you got your go and you got your bush well i tell you that incense is really strong man oh well we are really in fence our poll question today on our website near Rogers dot com should marijuana be legalized i'm sure i'll be giving us another update very soon but our first hundred-nade hoats ninety six head yes and twelve head the audacity to say no which i just a minute and you know there's nobody calls the show and has the audacity uh there's that word again start you and me about it well it is audacious and bodacious and prodigious to say no what kind that they you know something those people that vote no they must know that guy from uh porting loosely rubber that guy was from from pigeonhole florida where he was cornhole here's Kate corals because that hello good morning Neil yes sir i'm a partner in one of the lesser hotels next door to the holiday in where these uh six pro baseball players were uh mugged and i'm in constant touch with my two managers the day time manager in the night time manager and we know most of the pent up and down the street there it was a pent but who got these ball players individually i don't even know what story you're talking about six pro baseball players in kissini i know i know when did this happen with happened up last week last week sure it's really sure it was in mind is paper i never heard about it the six baseball players age of the biggest at the time down at the baseball field in kissini no we have a a tina a training area here a trained beautiful training field just like to have here and uh but we have here and the fourth myers yeah and though i'm i'm looking at the opinion that and i know these managers they if i work with them i have a day time manager in the night time manager and you know everybody up and down at street a lot of pent up street walkers and they chose to get in touch one of these pent got in touch individually with these baseball players and they rounded them up and they told them about a party and that's when they just that didn't with the criminal element and that's when they break the place and they one of these guys that helps up these the ball players they had them all together for communal sex you know they thought they girls around yeah and that's when they would not be girls i guess they still could probably go ahead yeah well these these men are uh baseball coach they right that you know they don't know that they don't know that they don't know that they don't know that they don't know to get this and they have a main drag like you're a pissed game bullet ball right with a lot of sleazy motels hookers yeah but there's a lot of drag but i have two managers one of them speaks fantasy i mean they know what's going on they know they're hookers just cologne there's seven buildings away from the holiday and we have a wife i'm i'm a part owner of a lesser motel i'm not going to give you the name but this is what happened and a pin put a pin on himself to gather these ball players you know that a basting and for their autographs they are friendly with them then they came down to the motel thinking they were going to get a party me while some criminal alien came in there and uh held them up yeah that had their pants down usually you know what they did don't you actually don't run out of second floor with the crew down they were up on the second floor the room's on the second floor you're doing the moonwalk who guys came in with their guns yeah he had his yeah these six ball players had a drop there pin and they threw them right over the back of the motel and three yards yeah with their pants down and they got them on each and everything so there's a model for all you kids out there especially the ones on the west coast where they got called before we said don't say asshole again don't get called with your pants down three months before noon at five sixty w q m we got this for us right here four thirty five sixty q m two five now filling in for Derell Davis it's try admin for Campbell's chunky soup let's take a call hello Troy I'm mom don't worry I'm eating my Campbell's chunky soup I don't care about the damn soup what did you find a nice girl yet mom I told you you have another of them sending their panties to the house you could at least you're one of them I told you my the boys are the friends that dad don't listen to your father I didn't make the boy that way must have been your mother my the always brain over them pick up and she's told you don't listen to him as long as you're happy with a nice girl that's all we care about mom no but okay well thanks for sitting in Troy but my not sitting so close join us next week when they don't touch me Terrell Davis returns from over to a five sixty w q a five sixty seven by the way the last color the one that went on and on and on and on and on and repeated himself for a hundred times about the baseball players would have painted out around their ankles that was a chronic west coast color named Carl which we had several spy reports about and everybody called said that don't call us Carl we don't talk to the chronic east coast west coast underwater above water we don't want to talk to you got a Carl oh two bad all the story was true and of course Carl was pretty excited about hearing about all those ball players of their pants around her ankle five six seven oh five sixty if Craig B's was one of our pretty interesting five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line the out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's Evan Tura hello yes sir yes I'm waiting and he's gone okay he just packed down the pressure he said hello I said hello and that was it you got tongue-tied cat cut his tongue sorry maybe I'll bring it back five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line four later day hello yes sir listen I'm just going to call about to was it in clear water the guy called about the asshole thing not was in some horrible play punna gorda I think yes I'm some pixel I was a thinking that if you so worried about his kids maybe you should send them up to that priest yeah you know because you know he's such a moral man right we're all just correct you know we're all just care about the priest he's an asshole he's another one yeah yeah so I would so many assholes running around how could we not say it exactly I mean they the uh the leader of the asshole the guy running around the skirt and finally decided to apologize after the banion the bani baby we're murdering maning for a thousand years I've tried to pop into apologize for stealing the bini's from the jews to all he was at yeah you know that you know that's kind of insulting actually you know you can leave it with a little credit but I guess we killed you the stuff you know I forgot about that just wanted to call to put it my teacher thank you sir have a good one I'll pray for you thank you okay my rule hot dog I'm not a bad man but I'm a brave free I'm gonna have the wine a lot of wine too much wine I think in all these religions that's the problem they're all a little bit stoned out of their minds if they start smoking a good gun German that's your religion for everybody in this town that's our poll question by the way should we legalize marijuana and if we if you say yes we're gonna send some free samples to your home if you say no we're gonna come in the beat the crap out of you we're gonna have one of our Jamaican friends come to your home and beat the crap out of you say no not that I want to skewer the result of course because that's a one good thing about our polls on the website they're all absolutely and and on a moose which really a bunch is up the audience to by the way you know that really but you know how come nobody is called to tell us what those other stations are there was the morning and the afternoon that come under other was number two in the morning and others number two in the afternoon you got me yeah that's the fact we had yesterday about magic you think I'm running to the magic no I sure hope not here's a mobile in sunrise hello yes sir I know how the VFO could have taken care of that guy in pop and all about half the time yeah I'll let you do a fly out of those four or five cops from New York to shut that guy seventy something times putting up put him aside the card say he's got a good yeah he's got a wallet okay thanks good good idea by the way let's feel Connecticut a white police officer convicted Monday of man's slaughter for shooting an unarmed black suspect in the back at point blank range in the back Scott Smith twenty is the first Connecticut police officer to be charged with murder action committed in line of duty the jury acquitted the new milkford officer of murder but found him guilty of intentional manslaughter in the 71998 shooting a Franklin read Smith could get up to forty years in prison one sentence on main number five on L. Cinco de Mayo a trade in trade in thanks to the jury for your courage to do the right things and read mother uh per early Lynn read uh perle Lynn P. E. A. R. L. Y. L. Law in the city shot read twenty seven because he thought read was reaching for a weapon read was on arm they short folding knife was discovered a jacket about a found a few feet away from his body a little like that and the knife to Smith shot read once in the back prosecution witnesses testify they saw reading sitting or lying down moments before the shooting an expert testified for prosecution that's that's not the blueprint was on a read shirt read had let's miss on a brief put chase read had to loot another officer earlier in the day the charges against Smith brought protest from hundreds of police officers of course of course because the police even though the sky was shot in the back his blueprint is bloody bootford was found on his uh sir they never shot anybody who doesn't deserve it then it's got his rap sheet on here too this guy come back five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's bokeh hello yes sir okay i'm trying to call about this brine broad situation yes and what's up with this twenty percent rule it's just because you lost one of his eyes and I was in an eligible play in that pocket lead let me ask you let me ask you this how do you think somebody can protect himself or play in hockey with one eye i've done it for years you have yes okay whatever you say you didn't ask him what he was on i don't care probably the panthers he were talking about an eye and we're not talking about the one i'd snake that you're talking about so we're talking about the eye in the sky with the iron person project you know i'm talking about no good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line lot of calls about that Chris well straight with the rangers that's the panthers big movement right before the trading deadline which is less than three hours away and i'm sure that our student sports steps since they're so involved with the show here in the midday i'm sure that if there's any uh... trades between now and then or going on this morning already we'll hear about him here fact i better turn on the s p n i think of a glad i might myself i'm sitting here watching some stupid movie what what is what is it about this movie that i like besides the time of song uh... kid i don't even know what this movie is about it before he goes back and kills everybody the tennis ball with the books play in everything oh yeah with the time i do it but i got to watch it right i'm sorry who's learning to run on all by the way what is on show that even a super bowl but it didn't happen yeah okay whatever you say done we don't care about done she will be want to see about the trade is the thing about marina all christ all mighty i'll put on the s p n news maybe that got something like a commercial here's a call from anchorage alaska hello me'll go to the sir hey is alright this is a talk about god's country this is it up here but he uh... yeah we uh... up here kids bring break what not uh... why do the striking thing is that every where you go people are friendly stop or director here here here's where you need to go here's what you need to do i told you yeah florida the first time i shoot you bird the second time the shoot you that you got a very well said we're a question or next uh... journey is going to be to your place when you're stomograms answered and the question i have for you all right can you get around on just public transportation you really need to run a car okay because the streets most of the marina roe is a very tough city driving the uh... the uh... the subway and that's the way but the tram's are great in the buses and it's a very easy walking city you don't want to wear the car there okay and and closing can i hear i saw you know how not gonna reiterate the i would return but i saw the humper doing the interview can you give a hasty put in closing okay thank you buddy hey stop it thank you all okay one more hand come on hey stop it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline i got a s p n news on now i don't get a wait for these guys because they won't give us crap you don't understand even the car all of her line of four kett mandraville a bigger part kett and a real trade it up for the offer for that in the city of carty can't handle real good why bigger part of the city fill it off no sending a carty was with filled off you that well that's what they said well they had a but doing understand keralina had a make the trade with somebody else i know you know sports guy but when it trade and they don't make the trade with it within the own team keralina and fill it off you're sending a carty goes from fill it off you to keralina and kett mandraville goes from uh keralina i do what i mentioned yeah kett mandraville former Toronto Maple Leaf former Cornell Redman good Canadian boy as don't hear it with saying that he's okay and of course sending a carty another goon or the flyers have one less goon what are they going to do now ten minutes past noon rhymes with goon he's at the beach that type of music kindly has heard off on their little time to first start with a getting hit to take you he's at the beach girl for four years of out is acting to fill this easy time clapping when they say his back is through and flipping breeze so hank is here uh loading about the fact that uh forty three point eight percent of our audience pleasant back in the afternoon which you even beat other which is excellent morning the first thing what he did 15 point three percent so like i said ten eight six p.m. we got a team here the worst team they got their own team and i think the name speaks for itself so anyway yeah the hank was talking on Friday about when he was doing his appearance at the gulstream it was i almost drove off the road about the old bag that was bitching right and you could hear her in the bag was kind of like when you went to gulsterm and you could hear the people in the bag when you couldn't hear what they were saying and then this old bag i hear bad like that and you just uh went nuts and it was one of my people one of my hell and the old people it certainly was it she left a little trail of sweet and low is she got off and it was so upset i've wiped out it oh god what a place it's uh sixteen past nine and five sixty w q a m hank will be doing his n c w a preview show is n c w a gambling show a tour clock this afternoon five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line only in Miami could go to a motor and be bitch out yet language is this casting how can you you such language oh bitch here's a mobile in candle hello okay i said here's a mobile in candle hello seen how do you like that yeah it was a psychic thing in my part apart five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line out of town eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five come and see Georgia Saturday noon to two the prime coast or in the Oakland Plaza shopping center Miguel will be all Miguel is going to be there spinning a wheel oh yeah he's going to be spinning a wheel hands off Miguel okay look don't touch that's what you told me and there will be plenty of prizes including four nitickets they'd County fur tickets q m frisbee's kuzis kuzis some people say kuzis oh i'm so sorry kuzis not kuzis nephew kuzis you idiot you moron you simple than you teachers and plenty of food from a lanystity seven Hollywood known to that's in Hollywood east of ninety five between sterling and gerendett pranko new to the center of the kuzis oh please don't tell me the girl wrote this he said schoolie no yeah scoosy i didn't know he spoke Italiano yeah i know what they look like i didn't have seen one before and they are kuzi two five six seven oh five sixty that's that's what Miguel causes for skin kuzi yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five five six eight where you put listen at a kuzi something you stick something else on the inside right and then if you don't watch it what falls right up when you least expected when you just leave him alone for crying out loud leave him alone okay all the way feel a little bit another saw him a lot better i'm kind of squeezing it a little bit myself my kuzi here's a sunrise rhymes with zee hello yeah i meant to call yesterday but the phones were tied up uh no they weren't well when i call it was never these phones are never tied up you can get through no waiting on this you're i really like one hell and i really feel bummed out that he was given such short shift by your board up there because uh i i he was good he described movies he never had by wringo a beer day but you know that scary talent you have there George is just how rages yeah excuse me on the edge when you go out he'll be shopping at wavy town around don't forget how to be a board up George well why shouldn't you take some smith today too uh let's find a new thing like you okay he all like you that's fine that was his crown and i think that was no hub of the state oh now you're now you're picking on the the guys then for crying out loud and you're not the bad thing called him he thought that yeah i thought about the bird he's dead and uh you're picking on the bird i wasn't picking on it don't pluck the bird okay for when you throw something i'm not gonna still have it is that in this thing plucked the bird no but i know where that card is somewhere around here dammit there's more damn good stuff it isn't in the DCS plucked the bird you remember that yeah i'll find it back there don't get so sorely just because this guy thinks you were an asshole and don't they asshole again because the guy from uh panna gorda where would it help you sort of call back all his little uh twenty-year-old kids out there that's why purposely asked him how all of these kids all are going in a high school they're going in a high school he's afraid they're going to hear the word asshole oh my god give this job this guy the job is commissioner the SC and C he'd be perfect and like they say over there in a bee's league broadcasting they don't come any follower than mark you know mark follower don't need to ask you out yeah i wonder how you got a lot stock by the way it'll mark the power here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah yes sir hey how you doing before i get my couple points i had a question where did you say you graduated from university again who graduated you did i didn't graduate from any university you out of your mind oh i tell you you had a ten-year-old university i'm sorry i did you didn't make it i didn't say graduate i went to Michigan State okay the great Michigan State and East Lansing Michigan sir don't be uh messing with them with the Spartans did you study broadcasting i don't study anything i studied bird ring study bird ring yeah my stuff i had to i had to make a couple observations one is that this is a totally junior varsity town you know what you got your new support there was a guy we dropped a mattress on the dolphin express the palm of the somewhere on the expressway yeah and cards like a huge backup i'm driving down the university boy bulletin on 22nd avenue and due to a transport about ten of those stackable tables and he had to tie them down and he had put him in the flatbed of his truck and left the flat down and there he was picking up all 15 of them suckers off the road and just causing the biggest backup you know as far as the cops shooting people in the back are you concerned i have yet to be as discussed in a report as i've been lately by the actions of most major police departments that are come with these whole red displays about about shootings killings and all these you know on generally people that you would think you know yeah you're they're not the most desirable elements of our you know but they still the people and you think that before someone got that hundred and forty seven second round of seventy second round off you think they could maybe you know pause to think what they're doing before they did all of these shooting yeah shoot on our people in the back or stick whatever it is well as that other case you're going to want a broom handle up a guy's just got convicted of by the way and they're going to wait for a long time thank goodness yes and i hope you did a jail i hope they do that in jail what they normally do the expolism in jail yeah those guys deserve it i mean what kind of do you think i'll be able to say was it felt like a broom handle five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line let's see when is there gonna put up a message board on the website we're not putting up a message board on the website ever that's the answer to that question ever no we don't want uh we already played that game once no loss to facts from somebody in Orlando is talking to the china k about real radio and jim philips and fill in the do garble and grittagarbo and howard and yati adiani it says uh took part in your poll filled out other for jim philips jim mentions you all the time he says you're the best in the business always like that jim philips in Orlando what a talent what a great talent never heard nobody's a hell of a talent jim philips in Orlando on real radio great great talent he says i'm the best in the universe isn't that what uh okay that's what philips said too that's what everybody says who's like an important person around here they say oh he's a pain in the espag which y'all why can't you be both why can't you be the best in the business and a pain in the espag at the same time right f and a baby here's our poll results so far boys this piss me off should a very simple question should end of course if if i knew what the answer was gonna be y-ass the question right if you're gonna get like 99% of the poll answer look at the question what was that kid named by the way Chris what i feel bad that i can't remember that name that's i wrote it down what was his name Chris uh come on well i got a written down here well i did too i can't find it fine Chris Klein i should remember that that's a good Jewish name you think he's Jewish oh robber Klein he's Jewish any oh yeah Klein anyway should marijuana be legalized we have 21 votes as of noon well we're reading a lot of votes on our website now we're gonna we have uh 400 by the end of the show today we had over a thousand on a weekend that was astonishing to me thousand forty six votes should kneel by a gun five hundred and forty three said uh just five hundred and forty three's in what are the odds of that happening ever again and you know what i'm saying they can't control that because they're only getting one vote and they have no idea you know what sand city city right on list did i get a gun none yet none your business what do you think so anyway 21 votes on should marijuana be legalized and yes 165 82% no 36 18% that shocking yeah that we have 18% in this audience who say no have any of those people called up to explain why they say no no no no no if you want to know why because they probably don't have the balls to do with our you with an expert like me not an expert on smoking it just an expert on freedom and common sense and around the world the way we're living and breathing people live air v person it was ever convicted of a marijuana related crown and i'm talking about something violated it you know but growing a deed buying possession all those people should be out on the street right now every single one and especially starting a newer state with those ridiculous rock fl or gun drug laws that are just outrageous obnoxious anti-human disgusting am i right yeah fn a here's the lady in Miami hello hello yes man great you know the idea was in the uh grove and there were given away some panters stuff and it had a wheel and you spun it and uh when the the grand prize was some hockey ticket great but i've never been there so was wondering if you could tell me if there were any good section 420 oh no is bleak get binoculars really far bring oxygen and binoculars so you think it's worth the figure in it sure yeah what game is it for um Montreal Canadian uh I guess just just bring some of that frog repellum spray when you go up there oh good nothing you know what do you think about um moray and listen to what do you think about that what do i think about it let there's one more that i'd like to suppose to you okay beard beard beard beard i'm good okay i think about it five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on a 18 two wireless line out of town line eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five beard like a list tailor um uh what's the other one uh what's her name book she'll very good who was supposedly married to Andre Agassie and who's also going with the Michael Jackson and was going with him yeah i think she was also going out with um Paul what's his name before he had Paul Lind before he jumped out the window yeah definitely she's dating the Charles Nelson Riley is what i'm here in Tottenham and also the guy from uh the didn't die the guy that didn't die from uh the uh the uh movie uh shows from the uh that it was for ebert what oh he's very disemblapped chick you were the boss sports radio five sixty you eight oh my god oh damn he bought the sports the sports are fly oh from when the chair to hell yo sorely fly all year all year all We will. Bye. Bye. Oh. Oh. Oh. No. Prof. 22 at 5. 52. Am I just having to notice that in the DCS there? And I haven't played any business. No, was that Danny rolling? Are you sure who is the Gainesville? Oh, no. That's just me. But if you turn my and did that originally, I bet we still haven't pride that creep. And of course, if we haven't pride them, that means he's just going to get a shot. We got a shot. He's Danny. But I figured it was today after Danny's the big stimulus about Danny. So why not play something about Danny, right? I'll give it all to Danny. Here's cool spring, hello. I was on your website voting for your question today. Yes, sir. And I saw your countdown. Your days left to you work. Yeah. That's Georgia's countdown too. Hey, Georgia. I wonder who punched up the thing for him. Got him on the PC. Got the I. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 50 60 on the AT and T wireless line. Or maybe it was the guy with the one eye. Yeah, the hockey player that only had one. Don't you remember that guy that called it before? I don't remember the hell of it. I think it's under. I think it's under bush. Isn't but quite safe. She's only got one. All right. That's nothing. Here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Mobile info lottery. Which I hear a deadly silence on there, which means they're long gone. Probably just as well. Here's marathon. Hello. Hey, Mr. Rogers. How you doing? Okay, Mr. Crawler. Hey, a little spark or this man. Okay. Let's know. Now forget the gun. Or get the gun. Or that kind of money could say you could get it's extra security. Could get what? Extra security. What would you do by that? You could have the police patrol your area. When you're threatened by somebody, you can have police patrol. I can have police patrol. The plantation police? Well, not really. Yeah. It's like they've been down here in the keys. We got more cops when we do have people. Well, we don't. Yeah. We don't have any cops. We have cops that were getting coffee on the corner of Brown University. And we got cops on high-edits road with the speed traps shooting area gun. That's all we got. Five, six, seven. I've lived in plantation acres for over ten years now. Have I ever seen a cop patrolling our residential neighborhood? No, once. No. Ever. No. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Out of town line, 877, 785, 6345. And I do appreciate your interest by the way. Sure, you're concerned. But my suggestion to you would be mind your own business. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You or any of your listeners knew anything about the Barrett County Sheriff's Department. Taking over the open park police department. No. Yeah. Little too perocule for us. There's going to be some kind of town meeting tonight. Either at the open park library. Yeah. Or at the... What do they have any swing clubs in Oakland Park? You can't probably not. Well, they won't know. You can be sure that's what you're saying. Can Jenny's going to be at the meeting tonight. Yeah. Well, give my regards. Give my big kiss for me. Put on the lips. I was wondering what you would kind of insight you might have. You know, I keep hearing about this fascist. Yeah. I was wondering what... No matter what he wants, just tell me. Just tell me, just tell me the state of hell out. Yeah. Can be not kind of in your door three in the morning. You see who's nodding in ice if you don't keep his ass out. Yeah. I don't really see the difference between cops and sheriff. I mean, what's the difference kind of between... It's like the difference between, like, your local police and the SS. I think that's a difference. Yeah. That's what they said in Berlin. I can. I can. I mean, it was just not Hitler or Munich. And you got my vote. Legalize marijuana. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Some of the keys already hit the beginning. 5.6705. 60. On the AT&T line, West Coast, North Coast, Palm Beach, On the other town line is 87785. 6345. Oh, man. This is... It's only Tuesday. You've got to be kidding me. Here's Miami. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. You're talking about that guy. You can... he makes her balls a team. He makes me... you can see now a little man. Yes. He's a reason I can't get that. I don't even get that paper anymore. It's good. It's good. And that's for that... It didn't seem to be very articulate fellow. It's the only thing I remember from humor. All these interceptions that he threw. He's a completely gay man. Oh. 5.6705. 60. Palm 5.6. On the AT&T line, out of town line. 877. 78.5. 6345. Didn't seem to be very articulate fellow. Here's coconut cream. Hello. Welcome to ERO. Yes, sir. Thanks to Dr. You. I... I just had a flashback. And what did it say you first about... When I was a kid, I used to clean pools. And listening to you when the bird was great, especially that call about the bird. And I... He just didn't take the same gun. It's a shame. Yeah. So George... It's a cat that lives on. Well, George hated him like poison. There are a lot of people that George despises, Jeff Remer, he hates... He likes a cream, which is a good choice. No, the alligator arms. There you go. No, that'll do it. But the reason I called was... And how is he going to get Remer to buy on that free lunch? He continues to... ...harboring this hospitality. What's your taste? Right. That's exactly... What's his taste? He's cheap. I heard me have an eye on... It's how to get a child. That was quite funny. Somebody called and... ...red it in team-up with somebody besides... ...the frog guy. He's side one. I don't know. What's his name? Did he's a pilot? Yeah. That was it. Yeah. But the reason I really called was... ...what he was on... ...to let you get the tractor going to get a hell of a device. Yeah. I just thought that was perfect. That was the point, yeah. That was it. Okay. See ya. They stuck. 560, we got 4,500 open lines here today. No waiting. Get your own right away. Within least five seconds or less. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line where they don't even know who the hell got... ...that song was about. Although, thank God that we had that call for our good buddy Carl over there about the ball players with their pants down around their ankle. She seemed pretty... ...pretty do stuff about that. 877, 785, 6345 on the out of town line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, George. Clean my pole. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Oh, yes? Yes, sir. Oh, hi. Are we disturbing you? I mean, you call us? Yeah, I was trying to figure out what the time delay is on this... ...on your broadcast. Why is that? Oh, some Kelly, don't have time delay on the radio broadcast. Yeah, we do. Uh-huh. What is it? A man is a half. 10 minutes. 10 minutes. 10 minutes. How in a half? I wanna have. Son of the, do you have number two, Elizabeth? What you're trying to say, sir? You're trying to figure out how long the delay is. Uh, that's all. Okay. And there's what the dial tone sounds like. 560560. That call right there. That's what John Ford is all about. I heard it. If you heard that, you don't need to hear no more. Get on the God damn bus. Get on the Hershey Highway and High Tail. That's my advice to everyone. Okay. Because that's called right there. That was the, you have epitome. What this town is all about? 560560, Pomp560, on the AT&T line. World famous out of town line. A big hot shot line, 877756345. Your family lives a mess. Her husband's staying in dress called him cheating and he confessed. She's powerful. She moved to New York State. Her husband said that sounded great. That'll give him time to fall on a case. She knows he's unfaithful. Meet Hillary. You heard about white water. You know they never caught her. Take a look at her big hand quarters. Ain't they found a boat? Meet Hillary. She wants to be a fan of dirt. But who are the advertiser? She wants to be a fan of dirt. But who are the advertiser? Who are the advertiser? She'll be on the advertiser. In fact, you wrote most of these words. Yeah, Rudy wrote all of these words. And he really is their fond of her. Yeah, don't pluck with a bird. I'll tell you that right now. I want to thank our good friend Howard who sends me this list of all the Jewish holidays for the next 500 years here. He's an optimist. March 21st, forum. We got a forum coming up. It's the 14th already. Week from today. Brimes with. Hey. And do we have home and tension yet? No. I don't know how far an advance of poem they started with a home and tension. But we better start getting some in here. Real soon. Real real soon. Beforts too late. Thanks Howard. And happy socus. Look at that phone boy. Two calls on the board. Here it is. According to one. You're going to make it. No. 560, 50560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line. 877, 785, 6345. Here's a mobile phone. Coconut Creek. Hello. Yes sir. I missed the early part of your show. You talking about you want to get a gun. What's the talk about that today? That was last week. It was on the outside. You're not getting a gun at all. Well, I'm a weapon specialist in the army. Yeah. Okay. If you want to get a gun. You get yourself a gun. You got a clock. Bending don't jam. You never had to worry about cleaning it. I'll even see how to shoot it. Yeah. Okay. My other point I'm calling is. All these people that you did young guy you had to come on about the local park to Ken Jennings. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of power line is that is the door nail. Well, I'll tell you that. I think yesterday was the day that officially died. Danny, Julie is already gone. Thank goodness. And how Danny's officially gone. I think this state is like pulled it up its tent official. Market down March 14, 9th to 2,000. Whatever the hell this year is. Market on your calendar. The day that Florida died official. A test good at task. Let's find a big casket. Here's a mobile and jupiter. Hello. How are you? Okay. From saying Louis. I just wanted to say it's first time I heard you show and I really admire your open mind in this. We don't have much of that in saying Louis. So it's refreshing to hear. I came in on the tail of something where I heard you say. We've got it. We're done here this morning with the worst team. The worst team? Yeah. Now, I'm wondering, sure, you didn't call the morning show because there was some guy called who's covering down here for baseball. But anyway. Well, the station. There's a station down here covering it. But there's a bunch of people from saying Louis just comes down for about a week and watch it some of the games. It's out of the crappy weather and saying Louis. One thing I did, I came in in the economy and the conversation I heard you say squint gloves. Was that a topic of the day? Was it a topic of the day? Was it something you brought up on it because I'm familiar with Plato's retreat in Waterdale. Right. And there's a couple of places in Jamaica that I go to that are frequented by a lot of people. They're not here. So I'm just curious. Well, that's just that our law enforcement here continues rating them and shutting them down and trying to close them down. That's one of the hobbies of our browser, the problem here, which is why everybody hates them like poison because they keep sticking to those, everybody else has been this. Well, I should add, rather than what other people do with their free time. Well, because there are a bunch of fascists and they refer to it, consider about what other people are doing with their free time. And they want to embarrass and humiliate and degrade people, teachers, and whoever else they can cross their jobs which they've done. And that's the name of the game down here. It's a police state. Is that the reason why there's one new beach that I know of, and you have to drive an hour and a half from June 3rd? That is correct. All over again. Absolutely correct. When you do recall that it was like what? About a hundred years ago, we drove the spring break kids out of here. We don't want living and breathing people down here. We don't want people who want to have a good time. This is a, in the end of the whole place, which I'm sure discovering rapidly. Well, I enjoy the state. I just, you know, you come to Florida and it's sunny. You would think that's the one. The trees are so sunny and water and that's it. Now, we don't want any new to the impact. We're not too crazy about new to the inside the house. If we're up to the BSO, they'd force everybody to join the Mormon church so they could walk around with their magic under were on it all times. Well, I appreciate the show. And all over the nice beach if you have more of them here. I think you'd have a lot more of them. Watch out for the first part of the binoculars and the bushes have a great day pal. Thanks, bud. Okay. Watch out for those. The Herbert's with binoculars in the bush. Oh, sorry, George. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18T. Well, it's life. Isn't it amazing people come down here and they say, oh, yeah, but it's so beautiful. And you got to water and a sun and the sand and the sand and the sun and the water and the sun and the water and the sand. Yeah, and what else? And the BS and a bunch of other Nazis down here. And of course, the governor don't forget him when it comes to fascism. He's right up there at the top of the list. Our one term governor. 5 My Jebster, you're out. You're out. Give me such great pleasure. I'm just watching him squirm and he's squeezing it. He's out. And he's also going to help his brother lose the state of Florida. Come November 2. Nice going there, Jeb. It's a family affair. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay, great. Thank you. She said it's really really, really schmitty, but she left the Emma. Whoo. Well, she sure was not long. She had a lot too long sweetheart. Introduced her to the guy from Punna Gordo. Okay, the one that's upset about asshole. Too many couldn't hurt that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count five, 60 on the AT&T. Why wasn't she said that was so bad. I mean, what was so terrible about her? I feel really, really. Yeah, how could I have a dog frog like that? Can see that intentionally on TV? How could we have to do that here on radio? A dumb frog like to need his pocket. And what I say dumb underlined the MM. Man, it's here, I'm more on. It's here, I'm more on. I've seen idiots. Does he have any information for it? No. No. Does he have a standard game? No. Does he know the rules? No. But he's a hollow flamer. Don't forget that. Here's a mobile in Punna B, chill out. Hello. Yes, sir. You know. Yes. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon, sir. I'm talking about whatever. I'm a college in about three years. And I just want to come in on that weapon specialist and the army or whatever he was about to walk. The guy with his glove can spew him. Yeah. If you're first time gunfire, I don't know you was, I just got my call on that. I know from work now. I'm a corrections officer. And a little bit of firearms destruction, too. If you're going to buy guns, you're going to buy guns for first. Yeah. Did you stop a revolver? Not on the semi-automatic weapon. It just stopped a revolver. So I'm not sure you'd stick bullets, something that's safe. And start your self from there. And if you start getting into guns from that point on, then you go ahead and buy a self for semi-automatic weapon. A weapon specialist. Sounds like the bridge guy that you've stabbed on several years ago. Who's a, help me out, refresh my memory. I'm going here. What is this? The bridge tender, something that got sounded like the bridge tender. What, what's guy? What guy are you talking about? The guy who called up he said he was a weapon specialist in the army. Well, I have the way to who that was. He was some of my asshole. Oh, he's also an officer. Yeah, that's what he was. Well, I hope you don't call me that one. I ain't got him. No, not yet. All right. Have a good afternoon. Okay. Let's head to right now. He's not okay. Good guy. Well, let's just kind of cute. This is from Don in Miami. Thanks, Don. Or is this Don Coroleoni? Uh-huh. And he kind of changed the cover from our CD thing. He says, we know you got a sense of humor. Yeah, I can handle it. And on the top, it says his assholeliness, Montsour and he aroundures. M O N S E W E R. Nice going there, Don. Let's say that. Say that. Put it on the next one. Are we going to do the next one? No. And you know something, it's interesting. Talking about how a third you've dis audiences. Is it about two weeks ago, I believe that I mentioned we're not going to be doing set or one anymore for our best of because of obvious reasons that we've had some problems with them. And when people don't start cooperating me when I'm trying to raise money for their charity, I say, okay, we had a good time. Bye bye. We'll find somebody else who needs the money worse. I mean, it's a very good charity and you a lot of good work, but we just had too many problems on all sides. And I said, you know, be nice to find some other charity that can use. Some money that we might think about. Did we get anybody suggest anything? No, no, did you? Did anybody call you? No, no. That's what kind of much it did. It had audience we got out there. It's pathetic. We'd like to raise maybe 150 grand for some worthwhile charity in this town. Come October. Any suggestion? No. Any ideas? No. Anybody care? No. No. Yeah, mental health. That sounds good. They could use a lot of money. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, 6345. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Any loud you on? Okay. You're right. The Florida does blow. I call the final out. Did you see 60 minutes this weekend with the bait? To bad. With what? Because to bad. He has no f and remorse. And he feels comfortable in the fact that he knows when he's going to die. Who's that? He's a good guy. I don't know. I don't want to say that. Okay. I thought that. Why in the world, what I want to watch them give him an opportunity for a suffered grand assignment that piece of crap. I don't know. It's just, I don't know. It's just, I don't know. I mean, firstly, I like to know what goes on in the mind and the psyche that he's leaders. Really? In fact, that's the reason I especially didn't turn on. I almost always do about 60 minutes, but the two things that they had on were him and then they hit on at the Lilith Ziend driver from the Diana business. I don't give a crap about Diana. I've hit Diana up to my earlobes. So I passed. And as far as I put on just spring break, I was the young man during the time meal. Those were good days. Those were the greatest days in the history of Fort Lauderdale and the old parts took over and they got to the politicians and they want to turn it into a funeral parlor and everybody now says, oh yeah, well, that was terrible. It's all was dull and drick in and all that crap. Yeah. They should not be long. I've been listening to you since then. I hope you stick around. I understand you're getting aggravated everything and nobody's giving you a well. Anyway, stick around man. Thank you. Thank you. Nobody's giving me a flying crap is what he was trying to say. That's right. They don't give me anything. Nothing. Just give us a phone system and here that works. What do you say? Come on, Greg. Give us a piece of equipment in here. Just one piece of equipment that works all the goddamn time. That's all we ask is a phone system that works. I will give it to you. Yeah, I know that. Piece of turd, crap burger. I will give it to you. Give it crap on two legs. Very sad. Just give us a bunch of stuff in here and it's obviously a very serious internal problem that he wrote a phone thing. You think by now any kind of a professional broadcast company which leaves these people out what it does something about it and a bunch of phone experts in here. Of course, our phone expert is Bob DeMood. Let me run a West Coast. The phone expert for what I've easily read. He wouldn't know a phone if you stuck one up in your back. That's right. But why not give it a shot? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Bob DeMoods, by the way. He's an asshole. Big one. He fits in with a bee leaves like a finger in your rectum. I mean, just slides right in. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560. You a. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. Wilson to another position of his lifeless sports house. Drace fan nasal mist is our guest today. You know, Dray, yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch them all? I don't know what I've been told with a big, legant woman. I got no thought. What's your take on the over and under and under of the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told but a big, legant woman ain't got no no. And what's your take on those rumors lying around that year are take you lit enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCIs, but they say you're getting close to the sign of that contract. I don't know what I've been told but a big, legant woman ain't got no thought. Tell us more about your charitable work for under privileged children. Helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told but a big, legant woman ain't got no thought. Hmm, we'll be back with more inside lifeless sport holes. Thank you. I can't wait one or two at five sixty WC, I'm gonna hand coming up with this big NCAA preview and gambling show at two. Post the rejects, Eddie K. Rimes would G.A.A. a 10 is the abeak goes on. Here's our total on our full today to mirror want to be legalized. 226 A has 83 percent. However, 46 which is 16.9 percent, 17 percent say. No. 46. No. Can we have one of them call it and tell us why? No. Why is it in the legalized? No. No. Of course not and I wouldn't dare to call it an initial and say that either. Yeah, because I make myself look ridiculous and somebody in your position can't afford to look ridiculous. 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and boi and B. Chillow. Mr. Rogers. Yes sir. Yes sir. We're going to the Gomjit issue. Make that 227 for Yaman. Yaman. Absolutely. We got FBI agents driving backwards on 95. We got DE agents from DE agents blowing their partners away under alcohol. We got marijuana illegal within the same. And that's something? You got to keep it. These are all kids with guns blowing away their schoolmates. That's okay. Absolutely. Absolutely. You're not afraid. It's too bad she didn't have under the fenders off with. Yes. You haven't heard of 420.com? No. It's just that the marijuana said you look it up. It's amusing. Okay. 420.com. I'm not a material. Okay thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, trace the call and go get his answer. Okay, another one of those marijuana people. 560 5050 50 50 pound five 60 on trying to pollute the young pollute the world. That's what you're trying to do here. First you say asshole on the air and all those 18 year old kids are going to get really upset. It's going to change their lives forever. And then you try to turn them onto the wicked weed. We know what this show is all about. It sounds like a goddamn comedy, a subversive thing to me. Yeah that's what your agenda is, Mister. And then you're going to make him all do a bunch of little faggots to top it all off. We know what we know what's up your sleeve. We know what's up your back dome. And that's what you think. What's that out of timeline number by the way? 877 785. You think there's more because of much weed on the west coast as they do over here. Now they probably, well kids, closer to Mexico. Number closer to Colombia and Jamaica, a lot closer to Jamaica. Yeah, I'm not. Thank God for our Jamaican friends. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I do a certain color and I appreciate your show. I just want to go one question. A couple of questions asked you and this is kind of off the wall. I want to go to you guys talking about today. Awesome. I had a friend of mine that told me that you like to listen to leave me yet once in a while in the face. You do, you're going to find a lot of concert next couple of weeks. I love Luis Miguel. I know I'm not going to Wisconsin. I've seen him in concert about 85 times already and as much as I like in the answer is now. I'm not going. That's a shame. And we'll wish you there then. Okay. Well, you have a terrific showing. You have a great day sir. Rossi, it's awesome. Came over to you. What is it? 567.0560. See, I caught him short with that. He was expecting a spectacompe from a cracker like me. And on the out of timeline, we got 87775656345. Boy, I said, this is a battle with you best of every day. And you wanted to watch because they're most of the bunch of postsies. Just like call him in a ripping Georgian that they when he's not on. I want to call Georgian that they when he is on and rip him. And see how long you're going to be on, okay? Although you do have a good point. Him ripping the bird now that he didn't can't defend himself. I don't hate him. I'm not the one that fired him. I didn't need them. I didn't need them. I didn't need them. I didn't need them. I didn't. I didn't. No, it was a matter of fact that my suggestion. And he, I have was not a phone for 15 seconds. The word wasn't out of my mouth. I have to say, okay, I got to go now. I got to go fire the bird. I mean, he just skid marks only on the he opportunity to save that 50 grand every year. He only just did. And I'd have to feed him anymore. I mean, you know, that's just the way it was. Absolutely correct. He was becoming an impediment to the show no matter what I wanted to see. And I, here you go. He just died. And you've managed to manipulate. You're not going to hurt him. I'm going to know. While you did when he was alive, I said, he didn't become a real pain in the ass. But we had a good time at Zeta. That was the one good year was my fault for bringing them over to IOD. We don't need to have a whole bunch of other people when you do an amidation. When doing a morning show, you have to have a cash to characters. Him and Capri, it was, it worked out great. Capri would eat in the world around on a floor. And he would sit there and do his thing. And his tracks were newscatch. What is that called? That's another thing we got with him on. What was the, the IOD school of the, the bird school of broadcasting. And it's not in there. It's not in here. I wish it was. That was the greatest fit. Yeah, but there's always. Maybe I need lunch like a dirt. They call him. Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where? Where. Where? One-let old secret, engage and row. Hey, go far, wherever you're. Where, wherever you're from. JoHe hostile. He may be helping me if you had such nice moments. I did it all the way unterstützen In my Year Don't I'm going to be a little bit more nervous than ever. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous than ever. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous than ever. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous than ever. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous than ever. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous than ever. The idea is that people listen to sure right now. Have no idea who the bird was or Glen Hill, which was his real name or any of that didn't listen on Zade and you know what to bet? Too bad. So it goes. Amen. It's after one at five, 60 WCM. I'm the Weesney Gale. Play it baby. Car theft is on the rocks. In America, a car is stolen at free 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The club will protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Can. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. I'm about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got him to protect my car. This is the best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't that great. They have been a lot of car tests. I can't tell you how many times I've heard of where's from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Less than sleep better as hell. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this. You to wear from the car, mother fucker. 1-14-5-60 or like the Panther fans, most of those goofy people won big black Peter. 1-14-5-60 WQA, and their sovane says the thing in the hero this morning, Ben is waylem's top list and study of 30 nations. It can't keep their minds off their looks it says, which is why they're sort of pressed against. Have you ever seen a beautiful Venezuelan? Because there's a picture of Alicia Machado here who it says when she gained weight, she was told to drop 27 pounds or risk her misuniverse 1996 title. She looks pretty chunky there in the front page of that one in the front of this article, which is on the front of the E section in the hero. 2-3 is a Venezuelan woman think about their appearance all the time, making it the most vane and most self-conscious. And also they really have to men. This is a rope or a worldwide research thing. Pulled a thousand people each of 30 countries in Europe, North and South America, Asia, Africa and Middle East. Venezuelan women acknowledge thinking about their appearance 65% of all the time, wayhead of Russian women 51%, Mexican women 45%, South Africa and 42% Filipino 35% in American women, only 27% Which is why there's so many sloppy looking bro. Oh my god. Oh my god. Joe Peshi, just walk in. Joe Peshi. Just walk in. If you could see what I'm looking at right now, you'd either laugh, cry, pee in your pants. What is that? Folka Brian had an animal dinosaur. It's baby Jones from the monkey. It's his hair on Joe Peshi's face. What is that for serious? Is that for real? Please tell me no. Please tell me that that's not for serious. I've never seen anything. So you look like how do you do the on a bad day. Oh, good. God. Where's Bob Eisenberg when we need him? Get Eisenberg up here. I'm like him feel better about him. And it comes right at the time. I'm reading this article about people feeling vain and worried about how they looked. Well, both of Brian is he worried about how he looked. Oh, obviously not. Only 17% of American men and only 27% of American women give a crap about looking good. Which is why it is most of us fat and ugly and gross looking. 94% of Venezuela is used the order. As opposed to Argentina 90. What is it? Also passed only by Argentina with 97% but Brazil 76% Russia 69% in the Philippines only. 232%. Maybe that's why Andrew Kaden said they also melt so bad over there. No right guard or left guard. Oh, I can't. I'm not going to be able to finish this show after looking at that. You're going to have to hide under the counter. That that's serious. Where did you all okay? It's a piece. I know it couldn't possibly be serious. Are you going to wear that actually in public? Maybe you could bring him to a prime call on Saturday. That that's worth a price of admission. People would come from miles around to see Boca Brian would at the piece. Ha ha ha. It's a beautiful thing. Wow. Here's Miami. Yes sir. I was just trying to confirm the fact that today is I believe the March 14th in the Gregorian Challenger job at Einstein's birthday. And. And anyway. Two weeks. Here's open park. Hello. Oh, look a park. Yes sir. Hey, you're going out. Okay. Just another fool for the city here. I'm open park where they pay it. I don't have to get by but just enough to keep you crawling back for more. Uh huh. I want to. Remember upstate New York. Do I really breathe? Well. Bagely. To distill that. Trying to forget. Okay. Years ago back in the late 70s and that there we worked in a grocery store and I had a beer called Schmitz. Right. Remember any? How much was it? We went to the A&P. I was an IGA. That's one of my favorites too. We had IGA in Canon. Big one. But we're using if you drink enough of that beer. You'd mind it with some gold. The Schmitz. That is correct. That's why I got a touts got his name. Oh, great. But all right. Well, keep up good word. Okay. I'll see you in Geneva. Remember get beer. Okay. Here's the got beer. Whatever. Five six seven. That's what Luis always says. Get a beard. Yeah. That's what he says. What does that mean? Oh, that's. She was beautiful. So naive. So like out of touch with the real world. So I carry beard. Here's the mobile info. Lutterdale. Hello. Roger. Yes. I do. Yes. The reason why I'm calling is about a marijuana pot smoking. The marijuana pot smoking thing. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Well, I heard on that speaker on TV on the MTV news that we're talking about. The reason why marijuana still relieves because the government of the United States can control the taxis on it. Yeah. So I really believe that is true because I mean, the awful all they get their money out of it. And that's why they can't the government control cigarettes. I mean, that's wacky tobacco. I mean, can they get the tax to the hell out of that? Now to try to pretend that they're making people quit smoking. So they do us the taxes way up on it. Why can't they do that with the wicked weed? You exactly right. So they can't tax me. That's why they make it illegal because that's why he's over anyway. That's right. And that's why I want to throw your ass in jail. Correct. That's right. All right. Well, that's all I had to say, Roger. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Carlos. Welcome to the Carlos and Roger show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. It's Roger Neal on a radio here. I like that little bit better said a better sound with. Oh, that wig. In fact, maybe you can have people trying on that wig and take a snapshot. Saturday. I'm a serious. In fact, I noticed that thing is moving around by itself now on the countertop. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Uh, far as my boat goes, yes. Uh, I don't call you on every two years. Yeah, I'm on. Uh, anyways, I got a loaded question for you. Okay. Uh, what's the difference between no contest and not guilty? What? You're a case. I'm a drug case. Yeah. Yeah. What's the difference? I don't know. I mean, if you know, as you please, no, no content. I don't know. Are you asking me or is this so bad? Can you seriously? I'm asking is this the serious question? I don't know. I don't know. On a drug case? On no contest? What? What's the deal? No contest means you just, uh, you wave, uh, you know, you do whatever they want you to do. So it's not the same as not guilty. Not technically no. But what can I do it? What can they do to you? Throw your action jail. I don't know. What kind of a drug charge? Very little. Very minor minor. I take 1015 years. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Out of town line 877756345. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi, Roger. Yes, uh, lady. For you. Okay. Um. That's Carlos. I'm Carolyn. I used to go back. I was close to Carlos. Carolyn, same those starts with the same two letters. How do you like that? Yeah. It's amazing. Nothing could be fine. I've been speaking to Carolina. Um, I'm feeling no better about the burg. Yeah. Um, the last, I think the last time. Yeah. With the last time he was on when you were over in Fort Myers or Tampa. Yeah. We did that. We could show us over there because they were putting in new studios for us into a equipment. So they put us in place over there. So we didn't have to work with the messed up equipment. Like we have to hear every day. Yeah. That was it. Yeah. Okay. I just want to call and give my. I'd like to bird. You know, I had to go. We had a good time for a while. I'm fabulous. It was really funny. That was great. That was a great show. Yeah. It was a great show. Yeah. It was George. Okay. See you, Roger. Thanks. Thanks, sir, Carol. Whatever your name is. What are you doing that today? What? Saying that I said all these things. You have been ripping him. Every chance you've got said he sucked on the air. Right. And I'm not going to be talking to you. I don't really know what has he always claimed to like to be Kate. Everyone he said has tasted women was boyish and goish. Yeah. I think the boyish part made me. But I really don't know. And I don't care. It was in doesn't make a difference now. No. No. I don't know what his thing really was. Nor through what care. That's his business. Everybody's been in a business. Is there own business? Come up with it up a banana business? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, this country can't between the marijuana thing and the guys been in a business. That's the problem of this country. They can't mind their own business. The obvious answer is when somebody asked you a personal question for which it's none of their business. Just saying, no, that's all, no, no. In addition to the Democrats and Republicans, we have the, the, the, no, no, party. None of your business. In fact, that's a good answer to the Republican. None of you who want to stick to an old senior bedroom and all over the place. And they talk about, well, where to be forum or the reformers. Where to read a reform party, where reformers. Yeah. Why do we form all the citizenry and put the ration jail? So that Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell and little Jim Baker can come by and give a few lashes. What, what's in the shape? And maybe Bob Jones, the third. Here's my me, be, cello. Hey, yeah, I do it. Okay, sir. Listen, I was thinking about that new charity this year. And maybe you might consider big brothers and big sisters. That's a upright organization. And that money would help send a lot of single parent kids to summer camp. Yeah. And they run that thing pretty tight. You change the offices every every couple years. Now, I don't get a bunch of pedophiles in there, do they? No, no, no, no, no. Because I worry about that. No, no, no, they have all street street street street people. And then there's that. What do you mean by that? Another all straight people? You're suggesting that there are more gay pedophiles than there are straight pedophiles? No, no. Well, all straight people. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. I guess you answered that. I'm saying so. Okay, scratch off big brothers and big sisters from our list. Okay, George scratch it off. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, where the slide. And we're scratching it right now, sir. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, Neil. Okay. Hey, give him the chance, Neil. Big brothers and big, because anyway. No. Okay. Uh-huh. Well, what do you think about a year-and-day strong man? What do I think about one? No. Absolutely positively. No. No. No. No. Okay. I think it is for it. That means we're against it. The Sun sent those for it. That means we're against it. Can Jenny wants to be it. That means we're definitely against it. We already got a dictator with a sheriff. The last thing we need to do is empower him to make him the goddamn king of the Universal Broward County. Just say, no. Okay. That sounds good to me. I think we just ought to go in the face of our campus. About Jet Bush 1. Wait, one of his senators called him, I will even ask what I'm like that. I think it's just easy to say. He's an asshole. He's an asshole. He's a lot simpler. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Don't say asshole again, because the governor in 14 loosely or wherever the hell it was. I keep calling that 14 loosely. That's up the coast on the east. Why do I keep saying that? Put a gorder. I've been through put a gorder real fast. Then I 75. That's the way to check out most of those places on the west coast. Real fast. Just forward. I'm 75. Reset. Is it equals 75 and 95 up for get? 26 after one at five, 60 WQMs. Man through talking. Only on. Or 3DO. 560 QAL. Floridian. Done as dirt. Good bye. Good bye. Dan, who we know about time you should go in. Enjoy all that money you made from your tips, move on and let the merchants upgrade. To the east. A new thing on the FBN. And product and business. That should be enough for you. So don't complain. Your way to got them all to play that game. Yes. I will see one day in the hall of fame. A pair of short-sleeves. And the top of them would prefer to have a criminal attack. All right. Everybody calls for a top to like your second way. As this year's meal looks great, there's been my day in this day. How's it to you? Do be fair. And it's good. Good bye. Clean the bird. You're dead, I heard. You've got your left tackle. And now we can use some. The most. Just play everything. Just play anything. Just play anything at all. Just can't pick up our mobile call. Just go no. Just care for that. When you were stopped, all single ties. When he was gone. But now that I'm as company. You're fine all. If you're with that to me, you're your unity. I would just keep the tackle. All right. That's all? That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. What 33 is 5. 6. WQAM. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil is only one thing I like to say. The most air gun asshole in the world. Charlie is first and then. Thank you very much. Okay. Thank you. I shouldn't say the most. But he's here right up there in the top of the list. Good choice, sir. Okay. And by the way, it's stuck like hell. And that's wash shot. Remember those good old days we used to have to do those appearances at the Swap Shop. That's why we're headed to the elephant craft. The elephant's met. Oh, God. Clancy crowd in there too. Yeah. I'm not really sure we're trying to do it the most. The Swap Shop for those flea markets. That's a tough one. Let's take a poll on that one day. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil? Yes, sir. I just wanted to mention that today is. According to the good going calendar. The Swap Shop. Okay. 560, 560, POM 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Get some help, sir. Okay. Get some help, Mr. Ryan Stein. You may say, hello, I'm a big old two. I hear. Here's Miami. Hello. Very new. Okay. The old. You need the. In regards that, the curve that you had earlier in either talking about no contrast or small drug Iran. Yes. What happens with that usually? That is this position out as a diversionary process and what that means is the Belang which is that he will probably go to court. Your probably sitting out to a program for 364 days of drug program. You are on or hear. Early ill end up on probation. My next statement is this. Yes. How. How effective no house involves is the liquor industry. By keeping marijuana. I would say is equally involved as the people in Bahamas are keeping casino gambling out of Florida same thing. Oh, man. Yeah. Bad for business. And back to you. That's right. The boys people. They don't want you to be able to smoke this legal. You can go out there and get drunk and go and kill a bunch of people. We read those stories every single day. We get people killed. These are DUIs, DUIs, DUIs, and DUIs. And I'm dying over here every day. Not so many stories about people still not other minds on because they smoke too much pot and went out there and killed people driving like lunatics. Very, very. Did I read any of those stories lately? No. No. But don't confuse the government with that because the public has sufficient force of the public has been brainwashed into believing that the wicked weed is indeed that wicked. Wicked. Evil. It's not there. It's bad. Just remember that. Yeah. If you'd be bad. What do they say? And that's about right. You're lucky. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, where I was lying? Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Anyhow. How you doing? OK, sir. I'm driving around with my windows down up here in Orlando. Listen through the static. It really is said that the vehicle has passed away. I started to listen to you guys when you were on Zeta. And you had Captain Dave and the bird. It really was the best. In Europe, and it was at the best time. You know, the prime of your show. Yeah, we had a great time. That year was just really something. Plus it was on FM. And we actually had a living in breathing audience automatically. Instead of having the big for them to turn over to AM, which most people want to be a jibbing. Do not listen to AM radio. So it's how I've survived on AM and it's time I have no idea. That's not always to be. I was in my early 20s. I never wanted to discover you if you weren't on FM. Right. And I'm sure now Dave, a lot of people don't even know that you're around. That's correct. Well, with all this heavy duty promotion, we do here at QAM. I want to give you a kiss. Just a matter of time. Do you have a card of the bird? Not just the last. But like when you guys used to do the godfather voice or you did the godfather voice. No. The brine from the ice cream store and all that. You don't have any of those things? No. That's the shame. I could friend Pete Bulger. I don't know if you can do that. I don't know if you can do that. But I don't know if you can do that. Maybe some people in the audience. Somebody. Thanks. You asked me to answer the answer. She had some old tapes. Maybe she'll send me the cassette. Oh, what's the main reason George didn't like them? Is it just just stick or what? He's asked me. He'll say George. What is it that I didn't like about? Why is he didn't like the bird? As your co-host? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I work alone. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Now I don't want no casualties. I don't want no sidekick. I don't want to anybody else in here. Unless they look really, really good in the cloppering. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Can't beat that gater meat. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. We're going to be in the next one. It's 140 32-335 62-2. Here's our last one. This is the proposal before we get on. Everything is going to be legalized. 264-10 57 said no. 82.2% said no. Yep! 57 that's 17.7%, said no. That's shocking to you. Almost 20%. No. OK. Oh, before we get into the NHL trades, these lead broadcasting stock, as of only a moment ago, 11 and 15, 16's down a quarter. What are what the people in this building that have all that measly stuck are walking around saying? Don't be pissed at us. Probably, 11 and 15, 16. Speaking of charity, it says, please consider contributing to my fund to help recruit my legal expenses and find the real killers your new neighbor or until I'll say Simpson. All right. Now, here's the hockey trades. I don't see any Florida Panthers on here. I got a whole list. Well, let's see. This is a March 12. And then there are not today's the 14's right. Lifetime I checked. Let's see. The eminternone was acquired here on T-toff for the Pittsburgh Penguins for Joseph Baranic. Atlanta thrashes God, Edward from the mighty ducks of Anteheim for future considerations. Already told to Caroline and her Cooldon's got Sandy McCarthy that crazy Indian from Philadelphia for Kent Manderville. My name is Dr. Vanaheheim, acquired Corey Hirsch from the National of Pettitus for future considerations. And that's it. And the Panthers big move, they got rid of Chris Wells. That's it. Hour and 15, that's the goal before the trading deadline. And BM, I think he's doing the old BM right now. He's just not moving it. Here's a mobile and go in and be, Chela. Hello, Bill. Yes, sir? Hey, how are you, buddy? Okay. Let's ask for the John just think, yet. Could put me down for another vote. And I'm still sticking tight of people talking about Dan Rinal all over the place. He's a fat tossing. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line, 877. What did he say? He's the fat white. Posse. Posse. Well, good. Let's get to Posse out. Go do some cool hunting men. I have no idea what that's going to start. After what was he going to say? Posse. You can't say Posse. So Posse, I guess. We could say, Oce. Yeah, let's just knock the first letter off some of the words that we can't say more like Oce. And hunt. Yeah. What's wrong with that? And, Oce. Yeah, I like, what's his name? Roo! He had a big Oce. That's what somebody down in sales used to tell me. Lee, color. Yeah, Lee, color used to tell me that all the time. Anyway, and I've done might not be bad. I mean, we got schmetzco. Because you would see that one wouldn't work. There's some words that don't work with that. This has to inject another letter. But you got to get around this whole SEC business. Until, of course, we go on the internet in a few days. And then we'll get to start getting some practice. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Lee? Okay. You came to Lee with a digest. What is it? What is it? Banchin, speech. Have you got a large plant in the police? Sorry, just stay in the town. That's all they do. Where was it? Powerful of hardware. Yes. Where's the state rules seven? You got about eight more second police officer. You need to find the citizen of the chair with the radar gun. Isn't that great? Where the hell are they when you're in the wind? Any more? Are they doing a little residential patrol? Making you feel safe in the hood? No, they're not doing that throughout the day. They're goddamn radar guns. That's all they know in plantation. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. And you wonder why didn't bother calling a plantation cops at that little episode Thursday? I would've wasted time. I would've wasted the effort. Especially with that chief they got down there. But that's what we had a stuff to see on anyway. This is the chief in plantation. Whose middle name is... Ehh! 560, 050, 50, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town lines open 87785, 65345. Maybe we have somebody who applied to be the bird on the show. Get a sidekick out here on the show. What are you laughing about? Maybe like Chris, what was his name again? Klein? Yeah. Maybe good. On the side. Or maybe on his back? Here's my enemy, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I used to be on your talk show. Wanna see what's going on? Yeah. Are we getting drugs sir? Do you see on my show as a guest? Yeah. Yeah. Way, way. From what happened? Yeah. What do you remember who you are? Yeah. You probably would. Okay. But you don't want to see who it is. Yeah. It's a jury. I don't remember. From one of those funny police organizations. How you doing, Jack? Yeah. Absolutely. Listen. I want to. Another one's in study. They're. How about you did? Yeah. And I tell you, you know, they have an under control. They don't want to rest anyone. I'm drugged. Right. And I asked them why we don't have that in the United States. Because our jails were releasing serious criminals in order. Because we have to have more room for the weed people. Yeah. We get seven years or more for drug use. But it doesn't make a lot of sense. But what they do another one is does. And so on to hot. Very, very, very low in the middle. And see, we don't know how to do that here. Everybody alone, as you know. Yes. And I want up there to high times to, I guess, to see how they runs. And then, I, I'd also like to get an address like the Samuel Bookgun on firearms. And another one on the pirates in blue. I think you'd find it. I'd find it. I'd find it in blue. Pirates in blue. Yeah. The story of it might be pleased to be back. Oh, okay. Yeah. George, I'll give you the address. Yeah. Please. Thanks, you're hanging. Okay. Take care of all the jury there for us. 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 11 before 2 up, QAM. 226, yes. Merwana should be legalized. And 46, no way. No way. Jose, are you people crazy? They say 46 said no. Arrayman, that's not what it was. 157, I'll say no. 264 to 57. Nearly 20% said no. No. Because we're brainwashed and we believe it's evil and evil and harmful. And how dare you put this on here. That's my response. Oh, a lawn, so you're so big. Okay, fellas. Let's give it up for Hillary. Remember, all the girls went for tips for champagne. Max Jan and Senators rolled. I'll take my mariner. The eye, the hand of the frog. Now, the captain's gone. And the team. And the team. Okay, pick up. Okay, up 55 to 5. 60. W2AM. Here's a mobile in Sarasota, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I wanted to put a recommendation in for a mail circumcision. Yeah. And for me. What does that mean? A recommendation? And I guess, typically, Adam was not circumcised. Yeah. And Jesus was. Yeah. And we ask you something. Are you like, is this like a suggestion that we should raise money for the mental health this fall or what? What's the point? Where is there no point? The point is that it's a modification of the human body that is medically desirable. Is it desirable? Well, I hope you find one. Here's a mobile in 14th, Lucy, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, I actually have a call, Jay, and no one. You'll answer, hi. Who? You'll hire. I have no idea who that is. Randy Rhodes. I don't know you'll hire. Okay. Hey, I just got out of the red. And 90 percent of people in their fracal. I didn't hear one story versus marijuana. There you go. Alcohol puts you in jail. Kill you. Right. I say, no, don't call. And you just tomorrow. All right. Good luck. Neil, bless you. Okay. That's what he said. And it just makes all the sense in the world. If you just listen to reason, just listen to reason. All the people that are drinking are gutter. When you go to a guy named ball game, a hockey game, it kind of a sporting event. They're drinking their gutter son. They're not smoking a wicked weed. And they're driving home and people are saying, oh my God, let's get out of here before these lunatics get out there in a highway. If they were smoking a little number there, what anybody we nervous about it? Oh, no. No, they would not. In fact, I think that's really where we're going to get people out to the pantheor games from now on. All the home games from now to the rest of the season, there will be free weed for everybody over the age of 15 that comes in. Or everybody over the age of 13 gets a free pendulum when it comes in. Huh? And then of course instead of throwing, oh, it's that throwing or stupid t-shirt, something to the crowd. Depth of the trolleger, it starts throwing, lids up in the crowd. That's right. Not the ones you put on your soda cans, those cost extra. Right. What's wrong with that? And then of course the grand prize will be a pound. Yeah, not an ounce of pound. Oh, resection. Each section gets its own pound. Including when they got the dog pound, we'd have our own pound at the hockey games. Bring a whole bunch of people out there. What do you say? That's going to bring the fans out. Yeah, man. You'll bet your sweet ass it will. And believe me to watch that crap, you've got to be spoken something lately. Here's Miami. Hello. 12? Yes. Yeah. This shows sweet. Yeah. And I'm a teenager. I think they should leave a lot of it because more people will stop because they will do it just because they will smoke. Right. Are you smoking some right now? You smoking your rhymes right now? What are you doing? Yeah. Me and my friend, you're smoking out. Okay. Watch out for those seeds, man. All right. Okay. Good luck. See, there's a young punk who's just smoking away. Can we write now? What is that? And be sure and pick those seeds that you're friend. Right. Because man, those things will kill you. They're getting there too deep. What are you laughing about that's the truth? Don't let those seeds. Remember that song? Don't let the seeds get in your, how'd that go? That. That. Oh, let's do Memphis via. That was so sad yesterday. You know, I said here in shock that one guy. Walk it in Memphis, which was that song used to play on a coast all the time. We did. And Woody and Memphis, that's the song that that was the parody of. But had nothing to do with Johnny Rivers and Memphis or Chuck Berry. It's a different song. Oh, yeah. But Mark, what's the guy saying? Mark Shine, Bob, I think. What was his name? Mark in the dark. I don't even have it.