This is Sports Radio 516 WGQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale and WQAM.com for the award. Sports Radio 516 WAM Reset, the best of meal Rogers, mealers, and their life making. So don't call it okay, just think back of enjoy. The best of meal is us 516 QAF. I'm going to be a very special fan to start the ride. Show us all about something. I'm up at the door right now. Come on, let me go. I already have it. Hey, brought by Femmon, I wanted a chore. I wonder what it is. It looks like a... The person who took it. It's me bag boy. What's your name? What can I touch it? Sure, guys. Run your hands. Hey, like you're welcome. Hey, what's this right here? That is the ball pipe. What are you doing with the ball pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Okay, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Okay, can I? Sure, get it. Okay. Come on, lad. You got the foot, you're mouth around it. Yeah, don't be afraid. I was not going to break. I like this, lad. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. Hey, you're doing your life. What's the surface over here? Let's meet Shanta. What's what are we doing with her? What are you doing with her? What are you doing with her, lad? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shaft. You quick. Oh, no. Hey, run your hands up and down there. No, I want to do, lad. You want to blow on the pipe. You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft. Real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, he'll be good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. Hey, it's good, lad. Just pull on. Hold on, lad. Adam. Squeeze the bag. Please, ma'am. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. Come on, lad. You're welcome. I don't know the kiss for me but I'm here to meet you. Hey, I'll tell you why the truth is right. I just got off the pole and my good buddy Mitch Hirsch, my stock broker. About 200 more shares of shithrakes. Alright. I'm a moron. That's okay. Somebody's got a bind. The magic number is today. Yeah. Is that incredible or what? Is that a fast finger? Even George isn't press with that. That's the magic number today. And you know something that's how much that shithrakes is going to be worth to when I get done. Yeah. Anyway, that's the magic number. You realize there are probably a lot of people out there who don't know that we only got H.O.S. left before I've had a move for the summer. Get out of here for the entire summer. Yeah, a lot of people didn't have one here. They don't read the newspaper. Nobody read you got him. He's a little bit of a newspaper. And they still missed that story. Eight more shows. Not that I'm counting you understand. Am I counted? Uh-huh. Yeah, I am. By the second. Hortport deeful there at the end with the- He better thank God that some of my people tuned in about the two-three minutes early. So I think I'm too that tim enlightening round. Huh? Even a fudge pack and kid was on there. Oh, lots of stuff today. Made the newspaper big time over the weekend. Really boost your ego. Doesn't boost your ego. Oh, no. Robert Steinback. I just want to tell you one thing about him, okay? He's an asshole. He's not a bad guy. Occasionally he writes, you know, his intentions are right. But he- he is probably a bit dark skin. It's thin skin. That's his problem. Thin skin. Many times over the years I've read the Robert Steinback commentary from the Herald on the year. Good column. Greed with him. Said nice things about him. He's always right. Anymore than I'm always right. I'm only right by 99% of the time. But at any rate. So I- Thursday I ripped into because he wrote a really stupid thing about the thirteen-year-old kid. And about all kind of- it really just tears it my conscience to think that in 31 years when this kid is 44 which is what Steinback is now. And when he's 44 he's still going to be in the rotting away in prison. All the other hearts and flowers for a kid that blew away his teacher. And I ripped Robert an answer for what I thought was an idiotic comment. I still- I still say it's a horrendous column. So he doesn't waste any time at all. Nice going here. Robert Delaney grass grew under your feet because it's against a lot of smokey. Can soft load alone to talk is the heading on yesterday's Robert Steinback column. And he held in which of course. And he only made me rot this column is to think another shot of me. All right. Take a shot. Did he ever mentioned my name before when I said nice things about it? Oh no. When I agreed with- and not only that but many of the things that I've said like about the early on business. He said the same thing in his column. If he says it's okay. If I said I'm a bad guy which you'll hear. He talks about- all people from different cultures. We don't talk to each other. We can't get along. I'm not going to be a little calm. He says the only window into this process are a handful of volatile media operatives who dare to say openly what is usually confined to private conversation. Cuban talk radio host Carlos Demont and Matias Ferris. Oh, I love that name. Matias Ferris is on the DS. For example, regularly disparage black and white non-Hispanics. Talk show host Neil Rogers has made a comfortable living insulting black and Hispanic people. He says the black-oriented Miami Times routinely law accusations of racism and white and Cuban people in place mean ethnic references such as Cuban mafia and banana republic mentality. Mean ethnic references. Is banana republic mentality a mean ethnic... But that every public means what it means. Everybody knows what a banana republic is. It's a Miami. It's a place where politicians are like in a revolving door. But it's a mean ethnic reference. Let's face it Robert. You wrote this whole article because you want to take a shot of me because I said something about one column. Mean spirited thin skin. Not dark skin. No problem with that. But thin skin. That's your problem. Neil Rogers made a comfortable living insulting black and Hispanic people. I'd be like that. How about the Jews? How about the orthodox Jews? How about the old Jews in Halendale? How about the facts? How about everybody else? Because we're an equal opportunity to bash your honor. And the bash your honor. And the 85% of the show is stick. It's a comedy show. Okay, Robert, you jackass. You sheparter? Oh, see, there we go. It's something black people again. Write enough a little about three shades. Would be good in your case sweetheart. Man is that pathetic. All of said, I'll bend out of shape because I had the audacity to attack his column. And by the way, I'm writing your wrong sweetheart. The buzzer for your wrong. All his hearts and flowers about that 13 year old murderer. The killer, 13 year old killer. See, it just like Fred Goldman calls OJ. You won't see his name calls him the killer. If we refer to the thing, the Brazil as the 13 year old killer, then it puts it in the proper perspective as opposed to like the 13 year old child. A 13 year old honor student. As Fred Grimo, this hearts and flowers column in the same paper. This morning, you yesterday, whenever this was, I went not even a waste my time with that. About the bleak options that await this poor kid. And about the prosecutor, Chris, who up there in Palm Beach County, less likely one bleak option for poor in the Fangle Brazil. And neither one offers the advantages given kids. Advantage is the kid sentence in Zoonal court. Are we looking for advantages for this kid? Oh, no, how about advantages for the dead guy? You idiots. Everybody's like bleeding the hearts and flowers. It back here's a letter to the editor in a herald this morning. From Jo Keen and Kiba Scheng, who says, I wonder what goes through the minds of a state attorney in Grand jury members. Well, they, in debt, a 13 year old honor student for first to be murdered. Not just a 13 year old, but a 13 year old honor student. The implication being that because he was such a good student, how could you do that? See, I think he's looking at it backwards. This Joe Klein or King or whatever his name isn't Kiba Scheng. Because the fact that he wasn't honor student certainly makes it very clear that he knows the difference between right and wrong. Ascle. God. What is it going to stop? Oh, all these idiots, these bleeding hearts for the murderer, but the family and the guy that said nobody gives their answer to about him. That's America for you. Oh, what are we going to do? What are we going to do about this poor kid? This poor honor student, I'm sorry. Anyway, not don't get excited. Okay, we only got eight days left. Less nine minutes, not that I'm counting. No forcing of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAMB3. Agquisition Court. House. WAAAHHHHH! The final name is Joe and we also invited a pasted muttileman on the number of times. And so we felt for you in past eight days. Never heard of it and the teacher just said, we were a studio somehow as a guest as a guest in that town. That really gave us hope that how we did passly both us. Go back to the next town, Mr. Ray. We'd add the deal with homework, but anyway, yeah, but we even had the right and that disorder. And we spent most of our time just for the right and the list of our political time to be shipped. Like, sleep and do it, cross around the window just now. So this is where we are now. We've done the right. Welcome to my doorbell. We've taken your order, please. Your order. And you've lost. Your order. All right. Welcome to my doorbell. Thank you, Mr. Lord of Peace. Your Majesty, it's more than long past. By the way, we have a classic soon to be a classmate by the Beast and original. We're going to be playing very shortly as the Beast strikes back again. I said, he's going to be out of this place pretty soon. He's moving onward and upward at the big time. You can almost smell it. Maybe that's just being moved with smelling. Also before we get to the thing about the arat and our pull from a Friday. Here on the front page of the Sunset, or what's to hear those never one because the picture of Tiger Woods takes up a little front page. Anybody care about Tiger Woods? No. Front page of both newspapers, golf. I hate to break the news. I don't care if he broke the record by a thousand strokes. He broke a dozen, full-on. And a front-page of a major market newspaper. Anywhere. Front page of the Sunset, or Haiti's election, she flees to US. Steering for his life, he didn't verify returns. And here's a whole article about how they can't even... Then what else are going to go on? Frith, they had the shooting, and then there were thousands of ballots all over the streets. And aren't we always reading the button? Didn't the hero tell us they had a wonderful peaceful election? And everything is a great and gradient Haiti. Oh, yeah. you can democracy my big fat ass so there you go I just mentioned that in passing our pull on Friday and this is pretty revealing by the way if the presidential election will be held today who you vote for al Gore well I'm sure that's an editorial comment al Gore 533 votes 40.3 percent but the interesting the most the fastest any part of our survey was stay at home when it's strong second putting me i'm not voting for him another voting for Bush what no i will not vote for either one of them and don't give me that look joe like uh... what's wrong with you at no i will not vote for either one of them really should i really should what and i don't like it but the whole lesser to you no no i'm not no and i'm tired that i'm not buying this crap a lot less or two evils i won't buy i'm not casting a vote for somebody who is eminently unqualified to be dark capture a lying devious third burger of a uh... of a it wouldn't uh... cigar still indian that's what he is at the other guy well scramble for can but it be out here in four years anyway scramble that's not so anyway go for five hundred three forty point three percent stay home four hundred thirteen thirty three percent a four third you turn stay home both for George W. two hundred seventy one only twenty one point seven percent in this crowd routh later forty five three point six percent pat you can only fifteen fascist out there one point two percent fifteen not these are maybe requiring might have voted fifteen times i might have been it he likes pat became likes the name he's got him confused with james buccanan our first gay president but at any rate was he changed the canter Franklin Pierce what are those two with the fact so here's our poll for today uh... one on the police and the reason i'm taking his poll today is because of the story about the rat first on the uh... feast first on the survivor show on way to begin to that sort about the peta people you see the report testing what i want to what is wrong with people protesting because they're gonna eat roasted rat on its show to survive don't people eat squirrel sure don't they eat like uh... cats and certain places on that i want to mention here's our poor question today how much would it take to get you the either roasted rat i'll give you five choices thousand dollars fifty thousand hundred thousand dollars a million dollars or the last choice wouldn't do it any price i was asking jobie for the show start this morning how much you think would take to get rimmer to eat a roasted rat eight both yeah that's what you said how much would it take you to eat a roasted rat a thousand dollars fifty grand a hundred thousand a million dollars or wouldn't do it for any price and of course i'm gonna have to catch the first one that i'm thinking about it doesn't taste like chicken on sure everything tastes like chicken rat feast on survivor tv show draws i have animal rights group i like that their pissed off and fired up those rat huggers someone is picking up for the be the leader of rats of pop pop pua la tiga how you pronounce it wherever these people are stranded that the island that place and how many demonstrators were out there yeah demonstrators from people for the ethical treatment of animals one of them dressed in a gigantic rat suit protested outside of a CBS office Friday because the contestant on survivor roasted rat in a the protesters chanted rats have rights survive on veggies rats have rights the rats have right oh what a crap rats have rights how about mosquitoes the mosquitoes have right cockroaches tt flies locus horned these killer bees they all have rights you have people who think it's fun to trap rats cut off their legs skin and eat them said rail a linen a really anchema of petta there's nothing funny about that it's disgusting the rodent dining experience was part of this week's episode of the adventure show survivor which has been a big hit for CBS they left the s off the word hit by the way more than 23 million people watched on one thing and another tribute to how bored smittless the american public is i mean bored to tears hunger contestants have also speared fish for food i hear britney spears smithless angry that survivor cameras caught them laughing while the fish ride in pain well let me ask you this all the other about your spear choppers on it i want yeah they better run like hell before they get eaten by them but seriously like what do you think when you're travel hook it's caught deep in the uh... deep in the throat of that large mouth bath you think maybe it's riding in pain a little bit like like this is something how about the fish of people we got the right people how about those poor little fish that are riding in pain and twisting in a night away with a with a hook and how about the ones that get away and they still got the hook lodging their god there they just can't get out of their throat okay when it happens cbs books and christenders had survivor participants when struck at not term creatures indigenous to the Pacific island such as monkeys in lizards uh... yeah i can think of one monkey a lot of people here would like to harm i'm not there for more to get that monkey but anyway the rats were invaders from passing ships they were not indigenous to the island these were dirty rats and by the way james cagney never said you dirty rat but they just keep us when you did never said it we have tremendous regard for petta and their set however we truly believe our viewers recognized that hunting and fishing is a means of sustenances been acceptable since the dawn of time petta members at urge the protest against cbs rk and barbaric promotion of animal cruelty smits it if some petta members have been invited to contestants they could have instructed the others on ways to find food without killing animals you said people need to think about rats as they would about their cats in their dogs is their cats and dogs like she's lumping dogs and cats together but a bitch these rats these rats may not be as cute and curly as a catter dog but they certainly suffer the same to when i lived in the back bay and boss in the early uh... sixty sixty and sixty one we had a real rat problem in boss nanotextile doorknock because they had the dug up the back bay to build a potential center and there were these networks of tunnels underneath there was a shocking that the rats had built like their own city underground and so they were rats all over at night and like uh... you know since we did park our cars behind the apartments during the back bay you'd go out to your car and there'd be like rat in a screen and you get in the uh... and the garbage pills that would get the garbage uh... cans and so you go like inside you take like a broom or baseball that whatever was laying around you whack the side of the uh... can just to scare them and they would how like a cat had some of more big as a cat they would how we never ate any but we like to make them how people like to do nasty things to rats anybody remember willard uh... yeah you see willard or you never saw the movie willard would bruise davison yeah or he like uh... anti social guy can like turned on everybody and became friendly with a rat he's gotten pissed if he found out they were eating rats on at your vibbers show but then he writes that's what america's worried about their eating rats on cbs that's the something to be concerned about here's bokeh our first call of the week hello oh yes sir yes i uh... you've given me a bunch of things to talk about with the first time i haven't started yet i've only begun to a school well very quickly let me just get this out at the uproar uh... i know the proper grammars important to you know what's up well it is uh... i got another lesson about it's last week i was listening to the uh... michael jordan news conference news conference about what when he was welcoming wintertambleton on board all okay and there's a word that uh... is being used it's converse michael jordan converse a death he was converse a well that's why i want to know that when you put on converse nickers i think so he said that he and lyrn had had a chance to converse and and that uh... you know allowed him to get you know the necessary information to make up you know in other words they be talking is that what he's saying maybe talking i think so i would just like to put this out to everybody listening please do not use that word there is no such word exactly maybe the research award i don't i don't think so but getting to the pigs uh... and i'm finally not the pigs that the rat what's that dumping sun on your phone here is something i i hear that too yeah what that was that uh... maybe i'm being bugged maybe somebody's converse a thing that's not like they're masturbating the converse a thing like what and you're going to be a couple of something on anyway let me wrap this up quickly yeah first of all before they finish yeah i don't think i could eat a rat i just know at any price i don't think even for a million bucks i i i i i i i i want to kill you to eat that right no well i mean they could be busy that's true they could have rabbis how do you know you know before you uh... well about the people in how about the people in cash catch can i've arrived yes i can well i i lived up in uh... and i don't know about you could have mad cow disease any animal that you we could be diseased it can be i i was listening to your story about the rat's up in bag bag yeah and i lived out and Wyoming for a while and they had these things out there they were huge rats and they would get in the garbage at night and they call them whiffle pig they were i mean literally the size of you know small dogs here it was crazy but i just wanted to get the uh... the cover state word out and try to you know okay i will spend nice conversation with you okay i've ever great day oh no even not that that sound is still on a where's that coming from all you know where that's coming from how do you like that it was coming i'm not going to say what was coming from prison five states nothing about this one the missile disappeared to i won't have any left no i'm not i'm not saying what was coming from and we just they are glitch we got the time jica thing also made it in there today or i yesterday in times jica the tv book got the story about that uh... worker at the catholic church in sale a mass mass attuces molesting hundreds of boys not just a few boys not just one or two hundreds of boys ages five all 14 how do you like that but anyway another isolated in the course you're listening to the past of the alrajors on five sixy q a ab that your dad's you i've had some shoot and follow them yes yeah i'm getting suits you laughing ok number lust We got a lot of hard little rants from back in those pants. You're right, these remember those great day? I'm just got me on the right and the whole deal and the throwing all the rants on the ice neck and like a bunch of lunatics. Well, we got one of those little plastic rants and Joe is thinking about it. Maybe we'll have that for lunch. I think we'll have it landing, so if you're still in stead. But at any rate, so far, 15 votes, I voted a mission box. See, I'd be a liar if I said to you, and share probably should have said this before. We started the poll. I don't think you have to like eat the whole red. Now one forkful, I don't think that would be enough either, but like, you know, a couple of four pulls are making good pretence and then move on. Barfeur guts out like we just played that thing and then move on to the next course, like the fried-simees. Mission box. I would certainly do it. Wouldn't you do it for many bucks? Heck yeah. You bet. I do it for five thousand. We got three already, you said it wouldn't do it at any price. Now those must be people loaded with cave. I must be multimillionaires. Yeah, either that it is full of crap. See, what, what we do these surveys, there are anonymous. Why can't you at least be honest anonymously? Huh? We're just conversating with you here in an anonymous fashion. Why can't you just be more honest about it wouldn't do it for any price? I'm not buying it. Five people, 50 grand. Three would do it for just a thousand bucks. Sleppers, desperate. I'm all with your price, being. Grand grand, I do. How much? Probably five thousand. That's not on here. Can't do it at any price. Very shut up. A hundred thousand two and a million bucks two so far. This is a great poll. This is one of the pressing issues of our times because it has to do with survivor. And of course that's really hot right now for about five minutes. They're getting their 15 milliseconds of fame. I still say if they put some good looking young people out there on the island doing a little hochi kuchi. Maybe a combination of survivor and road rules on days when they finally had somebody looks good on their witches in the distant past, but nevertheless, these never people even MTV doesn't kid it. You know, they think they get it, but they don't. What this shows that we watch here every day. I'm sure there must be one on nine and we got that other that Cisco show come up at 11 or no matter where people on the beach. While people on the beach, young people on the beach would little close on extra good start, but hot looking young people on the beach. That's what we want to see. Not a bunch of ugly shfartes. You're going to put shfartes on it. Well, I just said that for Robert Steinbeck's benefit. Okay. Not a bunch of ugly humans to see that. There you go. Just a Robert Steinbeck. Making a real life living, ripping humans in blacks. You know, Robert, you're so pathetic. This is the same guy who a couple of years ago, he was going to go on waxy to do a talk show at night on waxy 790 on that muddy station that sounds like it's coming through a pilot Schmidt. And he was really going to show you how to do a talk show. He was going to reinvent the whole talk show game. He was going to solve the problems of this community. He wasn't going to be rooting up nachos. He was on it for one of our five minutes. That was the end of that show. See your intentions are good, Robert. But does the word naive ring any bells with your sweetheart? You can't go on a radio with some stupid ass talk show and change the world. Take it from somebody who knows. So when Tom Jick is a TV radio column yesterday and his questions and answers, Q&A, here's a question. Neil Rogers and Hank Goldberg are brilliant broadcasts. How long are they are rude, arrogant, and impatient to call us or disagree with them. The sensitivity training could be in order. Why does WQA allow this? Are A in Pompital Beach asks? Tom says, allow it. Man has been encouraged. Is it a key to tuned in? Does that sensitivity training could ruin their careers? There's nothing worse than a planned talk show. Well maybe one thing, a plan to win a column. I score at airtime. And by the way, he's also got Tony Sigaretto's picture up there and he sucks Tony's ass in this column. Like I said, Tom, nobody's perfect. Somebody says, how long can WTBGA Channel 6 continue to have Tony Sigaretto was an anchor he has the personality of a mummy. He makes Jennifer Velopi and Jackie Nesparallel look bad. And what are the ratings stink? Where have you gone Ralph Rennick? So which Tom says, WTBGA and Tony Sigaretto probably have another 20 years or so to get. Oh, you're entirely your opinions, but I don't agree with any of them. By the way, WTBGA's ratings don't stink. All things considered they're pretty strong. Says Tom. And by the way, go back to that thing about how brilliant Hank and I are in rude, arrogant. I'll give you a class of example. Friday, I had that broad call in the detail woman. But when it sells drugs, the pharmaceuticals to doctors and gives me a son and answer, oh, doctors would never prescribe a drug that you don't need or that, yeah. All weekend long, I kept thinking about that because you're out boring. It is here. All weekend, I kept thinking about that bitch and that call because then we have a lot of detail people who listen to the show. Like little Joe in a lot about this who sells drugs to doctors and giving them the free trips and free TVs and everything else to induce them to a pedal as much as the prescription as they possibly can because that's the business that they're in. Sweetheart, you bitch got to that call fist me off. So for RA in POPO, which I think RA stands for like real asshole. That's what RA stands for. We're not only rude, the people who deserve to be rooted to when we're conversating on them. That's right. That's the way it works. Wait till I get to this thing about the molestations in Salem, Massachusetts. That's a great story. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Robert's five back to total asshole. Is he an asshole? The guy's an asshole. Yeah. You know I read his column. I mean I don't think he ever has a good call. He's way way way. No, no, over the years the last of the infected, during a cold alien thing. He had a couple of columns in there made some sense and I read him on the ERS and nice school and Robert never wants to be ignored. Which I don't know, especially if I do acknowledge, but never mentioned my name before. But now all of a sudden because I took a shot of the crappy column last week. Now he takes a shot of me in his column yesterday. I thought, obviously it's so transparent. Let me quote the question to you Neil. Yes. If this was in the San New Brazil kid was white, we think that out. Do you think you ever would have wrote that column? Never would have even, that's all I said last Thursday. Never even wanted to write in the column about it. First place. Well that's it. To me that's a total asshole. Right. I mean he's very on objective. He's this guy is he's that article pissed me off so bad. That I ran into the guy. It's probably personal. What do you? Yeah. I mean it was just disgusting. You know, it's just a little bit of a dumb schwarz-erario. You would say that. I'd probably, I mean, I'd probably take something worse. What kind of an effin' dumb schwarz-erario? Probably worse. What kind of an asshole are you? Probably worse. Okay. Another thing is, I didn't listen last week, but it's good that those judges in water They'll, made the right decision with the swimmers club. Not only good, they made the right decision, but I think the taxpayers are going to start getting really really tired of having their money wasted trying all of these then, the pleasure police go in and there. And rest on real criminals and stop by with a crap. Exactly. I love you Neil. Amen. There he goes. Although, Joseph, you will find some hardened criminals in those swing clubs. He knows. Yeah. First hand experience. So, D-Fode, they end doing the show. So, all morning long on the worst team. Joseph back is given up. And of course, Geli, he's off on his honeymoon. Counting all the cash from that wedding. See that thing with the wedding and the whole business. Joe and I were talking about that before the show this morning. I don't understand that. People are, I mean, when you work with somebody, unless you're, unless you socialize with them, unless you're a personal, your friend, see there are people you work with, but it doesn't mean that they're your personal friends. In fact, Hank was talking out loud about that last Thursday. I'm thinking to myself, or for whatever day was, yeah, you're absolutely right. Why should you buy him a wedding gift and why should you show up at a wedding? Well, he was invited. I guess he felt he had a be there. The server might, they sat him at the same table with Rimmer. You like that. And Rimmer has it that while Hank was looking, Rimmer reached over and ate half of Hank's food is what I'm hearing. That's Rimmer, I'm the Rimmer's Rimmer, I'm just hearing. Don't I make a good point? Why would you show up at somebody's wedding if you're not their friend? Just because you work with him. Show face. Show face? Is that Mike Lealore, you let us at me? Huh? You're a little bit better. Show face. You're face? So maybe some of the people who are with the wedding on Saturday were there to give you a good face. I don't know what they were there for. I don't understand. Is it good kid? I wish him all the best in the world that I give him a gift? No. I've never even had a goddamn peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Why would I go to his wedding? I wasn't invited in the first place because he knew I wouldn't show up. If he thought I would show up, he wouldn't invite him because he knew he'd probably embarrassed me and would be gift. What I have gone? No. Why does things with no receiver? I only get what I did today. He even learned in two hours. Jesuator and a motor and one shedding. Show the door? Then he is. You know, I got him. I'm not even. I got him. I'm not even. I'm not even. I'm not even. I get him. I get him. I get him. I get him. Every since I got him hooked, I'm running in. He's going to let the evening share warm. He has to come a total slot. Oh. In foreign languages? Ah, ah. I mean. Just go 100 B-O-N-C-E-T-T. To get him hooked on Bungie. You'll be glad you be. That's right. Who's in Bungie? You'll be glad you be here. This way. Now I'm Gilbert Siefer. Penny, I want you to come out last today. Cool. Getting my husband looked up on yet. Where's for me? Here's the fact that this is I have a friend who's a doctor and Cambodia where many people eat red. However, they draw the line at city-rad versus country-rad. Country-rad being the preferred cuisine with city-rad being considered in fear. I was going to have them with CVS if these rats are out there have a rabbi. Huh? How are they going to know? Are they going to test them for disease before these people eat them? Of course not. They're going to catch them. They're going to stick along the thing that's going to roast them on the spit or whatever they're going to hell you have. They're going to roast them over the fire and they're going to eat them. Wouldn't that be something? If CVS were this big butanza, there's that their animal would survive or pre-secret. Why is it getting sued for millions and millions because a bunch of people got really sick or maybe die from getting poisoned red? Or maybe start running around like in a rabbi condition when they start conversing with each other. They never after this plan I think will be a good time to debut the beast and his new smash hit are very own beast. This one is that all you people know how a stone or spear. You know, we live high. We've got to have the brownies. We've been at part of L'Orius and the hege and I, the scurvy of the antlomal of some minion has that from before school long enough, I've come here to learn the pot. Of the day you'veSPD, now the Strand l'm one day we've been soaked up for the time. Forget our big side boots up in our Fields- Defense experience. It's low maintenance from my feet, my teeth small eye with We'd be so mad about Let me smoke Right That found the bomb bomb Love when I smoke the bomb Just like she can choke Yeah, yeah That found the bomb bomb You're gonna have to load it That the agent nine was curious So I asked him also some cannabis He spoke before school, not in the bus Come up friends to love the pot And they're gonna have to just can't stop one day We've seen it so up for six hours We're gonna make side hook up Stay up, make my sheets Seeds, Seeds, full my sheets We, she's gonna sh** work free Bring, bring Gonna roll it again See up, make my sheets Seeds, Seeds, full my sheets We, we, we, full my bones Let me smoke the bomb Seeds, Seeds That found the bomb bomb Love when I smoke the bomb Just like she can choke Yeah, yeah That found the bomb bomb Hey, Trinney, yeah, he has to run over here Oh yeah, that's so good Recorded live, I'm a job here in a studio By the beast I'm here at number one with two bullets Next one beast I'm telling you, he won't be here long He's moving on up to the big time now Any minute, he can smell it Look at his phones here this morning Boy, there's, of course, a Monday in the middle of the summertime He's going to be in the water while I'm getting a lot of here for two and a half months What about the people like over the west coast In the four miles in Port Charlotte And all those other glacier places You think they go somewhere in the summer? Now, we're going to, hello, they're going to go Maybe they move up to like, you know, Venice Not Italy, Florida, you know, Englewood Like you got called on Friday Here's Helen Dale, hello Hey, Neil Yes sir Talk to you for this over Sorry Uh, I'll find you'll like that show though What would once they're like about it All right, I kind of get into it Why? What's there to like? All right, because you'd be getting to the road What's your guy here, Neil? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you guys See what I'm saying? The people that are watching that show desperate Can't even give me a real reason why he likes it They don't have any jibbles on that show, sorry People in Hell and they, I guess you have to find a new show Something a little older Here's a motel and crow of jibbles, hello Yeah, that's a bill Well, let me explain about bill What? I hate to change the subject Yeah, I got like telepholm bill, yes Yeah, yeah, happy to be your cheap P.A. or God damn lawyer Yeah, well, I mean, let me say this to you Bill Just pay the damn thing and quit your belly again Okay, nobody wants to hear some old fart 110 years old Billy, I could about your goddamn phone bill Do we care about bills phone bill? No, no, we don't care about your just Pay it and don't worry about it God, the same, how many times have I told you The things that people like to pet a people that are all worried about Rat rights Little kids are shooting their teachers Punks are going nuts in the streets And we're worried about the rights of rats And this guy's got him phone bill That guy we got our priorities are head done straight 81 people have hoated so far How much would it take you to get either rat and roasted rat? 50,000 dollars, 24, say low me $1,000 24, say 50 grand 18, they'll do it for just a grand That's what 60, you know how I should've probably started with 50 bucks 100 grand, 16 people said that And a million bucks, 15 15 15 people are that pushy like me would take a million They roasted rat and the eight people are liars They say we wouldn't do it any price You know something that's crap Everybody has their price Everybody has their price Like how much would it take you to have sex with that old thing Huh? See now you're shaking your head Yes, I am, I'm asking that question There's no price No, in my case there is no price I would not touch him with your hand I wouldn't give that close I have a good life now I don't make tons of money But $15 million No They have sex with that old thing Just for him to do you, not for you to be super No freaking way 100 million dollars No freaking way, you're wasting your time A billion dollars I have a nice house, I have a Jacuzzi, I'm very happy A billion dollars What's the point? No How about if you had like a mask on? You're barking up the road Okay Well I can relate, I understand Because the thought of it is rather How about Ron Jeremy? Oh, sing difference Here's a lady mobile in Homestead, hello Hello Yes, ma'am Okay, $15 million, where do I sign up? Yeah, exactly Either one of them, I don't care Ha ha ha ha ha Here's our first honest person of the day Okay, let me talk about the rat thing I've never watched that show I have no interest But I do work at a wildlife rehabilitation center Where we work with birds to pray And we see it out, rats and bunnies And you know the occasional hamster Whatever shows up And it really is funny to me I don't think it would, I do it for a thousand I mean depending on how hungry I was I don't see anything wrong I mean yeah, they're probably disease But I think a lot of the cows and chickens we eat are disease Yeah, I was just gonna say that it's amazing how brain washed we become If you ever see on TV when they show the exposés about the meatpacking places And they show all that growth test And they're scraping the stuff off of the carcass That's falling on the floor I bloody it Oh, and you say to yourself, I'll never eat meat again And now last about one day and the next day You go on get your hamburger or your steak They say that reptiles have salmonella But I got news for you They feed chicken parts to reptiles That's where the salmonella is In the chicken, oh yeah Watch out for those chickens Yeah, we see you're not going to the movie interview with a vampire No Okay, there was a scene in there where Tom Cruise Flaced the neck of a rat and poured the blood into a glass And dated the Brad Pitt to drink And the people from the, we had a lot of life center Movie day And we went to see this movie And we were laughing hysterically And people were wrecking all over the theater First we're sick and twisted But you know, I can't see Getting upset I mean a giant giant rat suit Yeah That's pushing it a little keto People for the ethical treatment of rats We want ethical treatment for rat The mosquitoes, T.T. flies Pretty good Can't get ethical treatment of people I can't see ethical treatment of animals Yeah, but we don't have any such organization That's true I know I know Have a great day Thank you Jackson and male Yeah, see she's on and she'd do it for five minutes She'd screw up all things for like a 50,000 I guess Yeah, you know these people And like I said, we're brainwashed Including me we're all conditioned to it Oh nice juicy steak I love a great steak I love a great the cheeseburger How can that like cheeseburger cheeseburger? How can it not like it? Just don't show us what went in the movie I don't show us what went in to a bringing it to that condition that it reached us Don't show us anything that happened before Same with the chickens Nice chicken breast Oh saute chicken breast with some rib crap on it You know the lish melton your mouth Along with a cellanel All the other disease crap you're putting in there Here's having a chair Hello Hey, how you doing? Okay sir I don't understand these people Peter, how can they know what the animal is thinking? Yeah, I personally, if I was hungry enough I would eat the rack Yeah, sure I don't know if that's the advice No, not how about a little mouse, not a little mouse you wouldn't kill a mouse Well they wouldn't be enough to eat the feed of person for you Maybe just for a snack Yes, appetizer Right But if I if I was needy, if I would eat a raw cigarette Mm-hmm And I wish I was wrong with your navigation You have a good time Okay, thanks How about the people that eat the Venice in for example But then I'm always busted their balls about going out in shooting bamboo You know killing nice little deer I mean how could you kill a deer? Look how cute it is But the fact is that since the beginning of time man has been killing animals Then the end result meant they eat mostly meat, meat They eat it raw And here we are All these years later and there is still got people out there eating it raw How about like what do they call that stuff that be for the? No, not beef alone I'm talking about when you eat raw meat What do they call that stuff? Not sushi No, not sushi Ah, ah, don't you give me stir with that No meat that's like uncooked What do they do that that's like almost raw They slice it real thin They say Oh, god, how can you do that? How can you be doing that? I just kind of say it with you about that It's amazing the things that people will put in their mouths you know what I'm saying Here's pop it a hell Neo What did Tom Green for example? Yes sir Speaking of alcohol, Steve and Ron Jeremy did you see the thing on E-Less night with the John home story? No They had a whole thing about it. Is he still dead by the way? Yeah, I believe so I still died in another country But I thought it was pretty interesting Actually was hanging out down in Miami Beach there for some time I guess with the Downed with ankles of what I'm hearing Little 50 year old tramp that he was running around with Anyway, I thought it was pretty interesting the whole thing And I guess he wasn't involved in the murders But he was kind of to let the whole thing up So whatever for what it's worth Well he's dead now, so I guess that'll teach him a lesson We all move up a notch Exactly All right Thanks By the way, speaking of moving up a notch against the scum of the earth Salem Massachusetts Calling it possibly the largest single child abuse case in Massachusetts history Ex-S-Extristers attorney Kevin Burke said yesterday A middle-ton man who's worked with youth At a Catholic church and a YMCA May have molested as many as 250 boys Oh, in communities north of Boston Christopher Reardon Why do they always have names like that? You know Christopher Reardon 28 A member of a well known middle-ton family Was arranged this week on charges of molesting two boys Diesel fact in the church A case is expanded dramatically since then Burke said Although Reardon has not been charged with any additional crimes yet Reardon's lawyer refused to comment on the allegations But accused work of inflamying emotions in the case Burke said that while searching Reardon's home this week Investigate his finalist of 250 names of boys ranging ages from five to 14 Burke said that notes were found next to most of the names Offering detailed descriptions of the children's genitalia And how Reardon had allegedly molested them In addition, Burke said police found a video at the suspect So I'm showing Reardon and one of his alleged victims masturbating The district attorney said that tape was recorded using a camera And the ceiling of the rectum where you have seen Agnes church in Middleton where Reardon was youth ministry's coordinator The scope of the cases increased so much with the discovery of the list That investigators have asked concern parents to call a toll-free state police Hotline and attend a meeting Tuesday to talk about whether their child may have been molested How do you like that? Diesel fact in the church Another isolated incident That we just mentioned in passing the course Like Lijacob said in the exercises I just mentioned it in passing father perinoia God was that a great movie or what? Lijacob was he great? He was great You see the exercise of course? Of course, okay Just checking Oh, look at that banana as an positive territory You know what that means boys and girls tend to call your broker and Bye bye Yeah Steak tartar Steak tartar Thank you whoever called it with that information Steak tartar I'm sorry we have to do a pull on that which is the most disgusting head cheese Steak tartar or sushi which makes you start gagging and pukeying So fastest Oh sushi just to look at it First of all, I don't like fish to begin with even cook fish But just to look at sushi would like it looks like there's like eyeballs They're in back at you in there I mean well, what is that? Eggs Well people do eat caviar Whether knows what I put here they think I can see the great eating caviar Oh, I'm gonna taste all guy with a dodger's preacher, Roe And my mind is mastic or what? I'm gonna stick on my stick You're listening to the best of meal Rogers On 5-6-E-W-A-M-I-M-E-W-W-R-Lotter day It's safe You're my auntie, child I'm five six, oh W-U-A You can't be a bunch of idols And all of you see that's that thing They don't win the business shape I don't know why Some people will stand I don't know Robo Reza I don't do so I'm gonna do you stand That what's up to you all down there It's like you've backed your fight down So make sure to score any well And if you score, I'll send that on real I'll let you score, I'll do like you, see you Like the tires on your top They feel both sides And we'll have to score this boat Or if it's off, it's the kitchen It's from a tech-man fight Those Robo Reza will be fothers in my Some guys say it's that they like it I'm going to play a dark man Why don't I play by Robo Reza And buy a product from me I can't stand it when they look that way So if you want, it's the ugly song Don't get the old I don't mind I'm just saying, I don't I'm gonna say it's the old song And when I cut up the film I want my hand on this song And when I cut up the film I want my hand on this song And then I'm gonna sing And then... In a monetary conditions And they choose the name of the history I played the student Oh right He has the antidote That is the怕 Будowym solloko Something safe that doesn't need another Thisaison can't give me It's B-B-A-D. What do you think of the B-A-D? Our team B-A-D, sure. It was the accident. Our B-A-D today. What are we going to do about that for? 13 year old honors, so none? Yeah, we need to get some more alternatives, huh? Yeah, like a witch hand, we're going to pull those switch with. Sounds good to me. What would he like the injection? Maybe in his spectrum? Yeah, the lethal injection, right in his ass. So anyway, a steak car pops you off B for courses. If you've been to Italy or if you've been to the good in the Italian restaurant, I don't think it's rather, is it? No, well, maybe. Real thin slices of beef, close to raw. Or maybe actually raw. I've had that, it's pretty good. Steak tartar, however you say, is ground B's that's raw? Oh, raw, huh? One person said ground, one person said chopped. Chopped? I don't care. Here's a mobile of the keys, hello. Fifty bucks at it, alright. What do you? No, no, that's too long. Thousands bucks as a law is one, fifty bucks on a child and down. You know, lobster is the rat of the sea, don't you? Is lobster the rat of the sea? Absolutely, that called the rat. He said he's in it at the bottom. That's right, it's a grazer with like a canfish. People do eat canned fish and everybody knows canfish are like bottom feeders, right? They're nasty. Yeah. They nailed. Keep it up in a good work. Okay, thanks. Yeah, people eat canned fish in fact, like in Louisiana. Maybe that's why there's no dumb in Louisiana because they too many canfish. Those bottom feeders, you know what, a canfish you don't you? I don't want to say, Schmidt on the air. That's what they eat. Yeah, I can always keep your aquarium nice and clean. If you have them a whole bunch of canfish and they're like, you just go around the edges and down along the bottom that you eat anything. Kind of like rimmers, longs it's free. Here's your cargo. Hello. Yeah, sir. Deling Guatemala at Teacorn National Park. I was there a couple of years ago and we went to a restaurant in a little town with the air strip was. And we had these tacos and the tacos out to the meat that was kind of brown wasn't like chicken. They said it was chicken turned out the use rat extensively down there. And what did it taste like chicken? Taste it just like chicken. What did I tell you? It wasn't bad at all. And after I tossed, when I left the place, you know. Yeah. Why I say it and the two people were with it and no problem at all. I mean, the down there, you know, they said it was chicken. So I'm thinking I'm looking around there. There's a chicken within 100 miles. So they use it extensively down there. And it was as long as I didn't see it cut out and fill it. Yeah. It was fine. So, you know, what are you going to do? You take care of money. Okay. Thanks. How about? I'm going to get a new one. Yeah, we read everything. Yeah. Oh, my track marks it. Show up and skin that rat. Wait a minute. There is another way. Rat a runny. Rat a runny. That's right. Rat a runny. The Chicago Geto Tree. Cat rat on. Mm. I mean, this rat is good. Yeah. It's a real good. Fast the correct. Rat a runny. This is a with a gogo geto tree. How's going to have to be. That's the obvious question. a lot of guys have asked that before how still he has to be before he put this in your mouth 135 people already have cast their votes on a so-right thing $50,000 seems to be the winner so far 40 say they would do that's almost 30 percent for 50 grand everybody they're roasted rat they didn't say whether without relish $1,000,27 which is tied with a million dollars how did that look at it is that show you how done the thousand dollar people are I don't want to say that any of you people are a little bit dumb but for quite an hour a lot twenty seven of a set for a million bucks and twenty seven set for a thousand bucks see your selling yourself short selling yourself short don't take the smaller amount take the bigger amount okay hundred grand twenty two people said that and we got nineteen people are full of it either full of it are loaded with cash nineteen people say they wouldn't do it at any price 14 percent one out of seven they would need roasted rat no matter how much you pay them these are probably the same people have eaten like chocolate covered ants and don't didn't know it how much chocolate covered ants would you eat that yeah sure in fact what are what are the kind of insects do they have like um caterpillars don't people eat like roasted caterpillars grasshoppers I thought grasshoppers that's another good luck chocolate covered grasshoppers and there's some people that they don't uh cover wood like chocolate but when you come right down with almost anything in chocolate is pretty good huh how about cover not chocolate try and that chocolate covered cockroaches tell me says he's had Tommy his eaten was that our time here's that time green I'm sure time green is eaten because you'll be there and we said he has an eaten and he just knows that well don't get hostile with us about it Jesus Christ come in a minute and I know that I know that I'm just calm down Tommy yeah we believe you well that's why it looks like that so I'm issued it he's on a diet of what is it uh chocolate covered what squirrel now people do eat squirrel with no problem at all people live on the country to go on chewed or nice cute little squirrel and talk about rabbis man those things are loaded with disease squirrels I I would think a squirrel might be equally in fact the squirrel is just a rat with a tail and you can write down with a big bushy tail they're much cute but they are locked chewed or that's correct here's hi a lia where they have a lot of rats hello hello near one of them is a mayor yes sir yes uh do you know that uh state tar tar spell backward is rat rat okay here's plantation hello and back to you I've got to leave the lunches coming back up on him here's Holly with hello hey now yes sir uh a couple years ago I couldn't sleep I got up about two o'clock in morning I turned on a TV and and they got a documentary on there in black and white with no sound except the actual sounds of a slaughterhouse new jersey oh nice I want to tell you some of the things if you ever want to stop eating meat you watch them like there's they what they got the cattle walking up the game plank they electric you know put a chain around in neck drag them up while they're still still some I alive they split them down with a chain saw all this crap falls out there there are some of my full of boils and cancer and tools and that stuff all gets mixed in yeah you'll eat all that and then at the end of the day they show these guys with these huge rooms you're sweeping up the floor yeah and that's they make baloney out of that stuff yeah so it's all it's all in the marketing what they can market door crap and you we need it and can you imagine what's in the hot dog the stuff that's not even go off the go into baloney goes into wears yeah well I don't know what you've got to eat no one's corporate I'm but I hope it's better on what you're eating here okay thanks how about Amsterdam you know something I think this guy convinced me I'm going off me after lunch today that's it how are you gonna do addcens without eating meat who said what what's the of the ancan I thought you've been time been doing ancan as much as I can I'm doing pretty well but too much meat although in the end of the home that ate meat look how big she but back in those days there wasn't any cancer there were all these diseases running around back on the end of the home and we're eating the meat that was before when God decided to give us all these diseases and they're like mad cow disease stuff like that all right it's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers there was in no farmer who lives on your eyes he said in the middle just eating his head that some boys who were down by the prick there being no water there hands on their marbles and play things and had had bad for their team a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumples and they said white club feet done she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spit while the boys in a barnyard were shovels and wrapped you sand later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the duck even a black cub man with a side of all home in the country with a big house front if he had to find like they she showed him her little bed dog who was subject to this and maybe she let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick and then she then over and sucked out his candy so tasty made of fodder sky and then he spread with cream all over her cub teeth that she had left out on her shelf if anything this is there these you can go to yourself another story was a little bit caught up in the house and I'm in bed with my wife and all I need to make a perfect is some delicious cider from old farmer peckering farmer peckering cider is the finest anywhere I try to have my peckering cider every morning although having some peckering cider in the afternoon is always a nice treat to sometimes I had my favorite liquor to it and I could have some hard pecker in cider hmm that's nice so you're looking for that special something why not get some peckering cider for yourself hey hey I'm spiking you know when I'm driving down root dye and w you are on a hot server day me and the miss is always stop at Dickens Dickens fruit state they've got everything from fruit to vegetables homemade pies but there is nothing like their cider ate that red honey Dickens cider yes sir why even though we were late in the church last Sunday she had to have a little Dickens cider hmm she says the ring of the lock even mom ministers this is what been Joe is a little Dickens cider now and then hey why don't you bring some home an opportunity to plant a rib bottom that way you don't stay fresh or you can let it sit a while and have some hard Dickens cider it's good it looks good it dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens cider Dickens fruit state just to offer it 9w and cut for road 6 to 9 open 24 hours to go say it for a chill is 7 night I like to snuggle up and bed with a hot dick inside me hmm I think it's not like the next week tell me forget what you like what do you prefer better pecker insider or Dickens cider so Tom jicker writes on page 21 a in the sun settle this morning headline is Castro continues local TV a thing or two Tom says the Del Castro might be a despicable person and in effect to a leader but he's a better news director than the people making calls in a mimey for a lot of the TV market It took an ingenious gambit by the Cuban tyrant to force the local TV stations to acknowledge that there was another side of the alien Gonzalez controversy since the star cross juncture was rescued at sea on Thanksgiving day the rhetoric on newscancers been couched in the inflammatory black and white of whether the boy stays in the u.s or as returned to his communist homeland this makes it easier to pay to the way sliver of the audience it's not so easy when the second alternative presented is alien being reunited with his father until Castro trumped in the 11th segment of the ex-ocomunity late Wednesday night by announcing that aliens father was willing to come to the west to pick up his son the local TV stations were conducting business as usual worry Jennings open channel sevens late newscast by trumpeting thousands of Cubans rallying along kaiyoto an a massive show of support for alien Gonzalez since when the show support for a child by demonstrating against him being with his father Diane adias said the people in the streets were hoping alien will be able to stay in the loving opposite his mind he family that would be cousin's aunt's uncles which he has apparently a some way of knowing are more loving than the arms of a father july your bro channel six put him or accurately perhaps unintentionally when she said the crowd was expressing faith that the dispute would end the way they wanted to wanted it to end isn't that what this is really all about in any case today's really big story was treated as an afterthought it wasn't what was happening on southwest a street at headquarters by an s in Washington or Havana it was the outrageous defiance of more than twenty mares led by my me dead mayor Alex pinga pecania who declared they would ignore the oaths of office to uphold the law of the land this was no different than the George Wallace standing in the schoolhouse doorway because he knew it would be politically of speedy to take a stand against integration in effect the mares were giving tacit permission for whoo against a react violently any decision with which they didn't agree this word wpbt channel five which has the comfort of watching the shenanigans from a distance to launch a poor on thursday night asking its viewers whether federal troops would be sent into keep order in date county of course this isn't how it was forbidden on most TV newscast angel array crazy angel array of wfl r channel four was typical in describing the mares stand as a show of solidarity for what anarchy even though there was footage of the president of the west gently schooled in penellas to fellow democrat only wtbj aggressively went after the uh... their election of duty angle plenty to get a little bit of the element of the story by pointing out the harsh criticism penellas was facing outside mimey and i seeman's pursuit of follow up interview which penellas no longer playing the word crowd backed off slightly from his bligerence wtbj's bravada when taking on this aspect of the story could have been fortified by a poll station conducted in which sixty five percent of the respondent said the i and s was corrected issue in ultimatum the alien's mimey guardians a similar poll on wfl r show the smaller majority fifty one percent expressing similar feelings in light of these opinions of the audience is a whole as opposed to a small court of re-estriding voices it's astonishing that the tv stations continued to report as much as they do it's also repeating that not one anchor of course bond about any station noted the irony of cast was new position and announcing that alien's father would be allowed to come to the west the cuban president indicated that alien's cuban family would stay in america to the west courts issued a final decision in other words the vile dictator declared a willingness to abide by the laws of our land this is something local politicians and those harboring alien have refused to do it would be interesting paradox for tv correspondence to oppose to penniless and alien's relatives it won't be of course because there's no upside there are no neals and meters in castra household i's gone air times jica yeah how do you like that so you have to really look you have to search get a search party defined beside neo rogers on his radio station and times jica and maybe one or two other people in this town who got the balls to be publicly uh to publicly uh express the revulsion and discuss with what happened a couple of days ago with me or pink of pecania and unfortunately the i and s federal government they keep dragging their feed and they had their media again yesterday and i because of scheduling but problems maybe they have some leftover home and touch from forum that they're getting together to eat they have to wait until Monday morning it's another problems that extended till on nine o'clock two the morning and it goes on but at least the peaceful weekend anyway thanks oh god the Neil god a peaceful weekend now in rica for nandises column which is right about times there's an ex-o reaction must be taken in context no no unacceptable there's always an excuse for the inexcusable and the business about being passionate they're all every ethnic group in this country is passionate about something every religious group every atheist group every every group is passionate about something that doesn't excuse the refusal to obey the law or try to make up their own rules as they go along and at the end of this obnoxious article in rica for nandises a little event is not a community of flag burners or draft dodgers but cuban americans retain a passionate loyalty to cuba one that except in cases like this they feel is never in conflict with america and world they will guess what oh you'll be guess what wrong unless of course he means by cases like this this stuff that happens every couple of weeks with low's van van and the incident with the coastguard and on and I never ever ends and don't play that communist and music stop it except in cases like this which which they decide as we go along is they go along when we wanted to have the god damn uh the the olipi the junior olipics here whatever it hell it was the uh whatever they call that crap panamerican games no we can't have that when we wanted to have the god damn malatton grammy's here can't have that here have to move it down a because we got two been performers in it like that pet crap that you were just going to play don't do it and recay for nays goes on to say cuba and now I will take the liberty of speaking in the first person plural is our mother yamama the u.s. is adopted us the latter we will defend of the death the former maybe the death of us but our law for it is a fire that no one in nothing can put out as if that has anything to do with what's going on here with obeying the law and withholding an entire county hostage and by the way the editorial as goes it was the editorial in the sun sent a little was was very much an error in one respect and that is this business that the federal government is promoting the community such an extended settlement so on they will have violence guess what that that's baloney that's that's garbage that's kaka the federal government this happened and thanksgiving that he came here it is now the last day of March December January February March four months plus that this saga has been playing out and now they even extended again until Tuesday morning so that can continue their dialogue trying to convince Lazaro and his attorneys 85 attorneys and his 42 spokespeople that maybe they should decooperate and go along with the way that the adjusted department wants to implement the law so this crap that it's just an excuse well we're unhappy with us so therefore we're going to go on and do a crazy thing do you see the thing with the dump truck drivers yeah the threatening to dump gravel under roads to block off the roads to everything yeah yeah they're going to drop gravel that's that's beautiful what pissed off we don't care about all the rest of you well that's nothing we're used to that that's why most of us with a brain live in Broward if we can't but you know something here is an article I apologize for reading so much today but there's so much good material here that most of you aren't going to read and you do need to hear this article here and I've tied this right in with ale with in riquef Hernandez's article who's trying to make excuses you see you're dealing with a group of crazy people that's what it is crazy people and if you need proof of that wake it up here this this is very little further inside by Meg Waffland in the Harold religious symbolism linked to aleon reaches new high and here's a picture on the front door of the little havana home where aleon lives with his relatives opposed to reflects the fear on the street of satiria designs on the boy and it says aleon conicio acclisto othoroslani agon am I pronouncing that right and I'm going and here's a picture of aleon with the baby Jesus or whatever it hell it is in Spanish the words read aleon those Christ the others don't Alberto davala neighbor of aleon's relatives say the others are people in Cuba who believe in santaria religious symbolism linked to aleon reaches new high as the headline in this article this is the best god is on our side that was the message when it added to huge prayer vigil little of an or the increasing religious mythology and frivolous surrounding aleon Gonzalez reached a new high as local Catholic priest and auxiliary bishop likened the six-year-old child to Jesus in Cuba some people have made aleon a symbol of the new take of our so it's not unusual that some people in mine here seeing him is the new Christ said the Reverend Gustavo mearei said the macula conception church in hialia who is one of the organizers of the prayer vigil the tendency to turn the political controversy surrounding the child into religious symbolism began for a month ago when the boy was tucked from the sea by fisherman and unconfirmed tales had dolphin circle around him keeping him safe this miraculous story paved the way for religious comparisons some compared the child's rescue to the tale of the drowning fishermen saved by laca de la cate d'ad del cobre de virgin of charity the patron saint of Cuba others like in the first greater to Moses believing was put upon the ruling waters by his whirling waters by his mother and rescue to the could eventually return to Cuba and leaders people just as Moses did another expression mad as Moses remember that one uh the religious fervor surrounding the child was further void by talk on the street that fiddle castro must have the child to meet some conditions of his sanctuary beliefs this rumor sir i i'm gonna i'm gonna do the break because i got to come back to that i get too long i don't want to interrupt myself once i get going this part this is the best strapped yourselves in real tight and just start making the living we're going sounds and and look around you maybe the virgin mirrors on uh is on the window maybe she's on a mirror maybe she's sitting on the uh trillancy right now the virgin Mary is your listening to the best of meal rotters on five sixy q a m in my name is five six oh tired of the same old restaurants by the cafeteria centoria of highly uh how much is that doggy on the menu the one with the barbecue tail how much is that doggy on the menu i'm sure that the shed out of jail that's right no matter what the weather's like outside it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria centoria of highly uh well make your stomach stop rolling and if your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing talk about delicious mmm mmm your meal is always fresh we till it right on the premises for a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price it's the cafeteria centoria try it once you leave there religiously how much is that doggy on the menu the one that is fried in deep fat please bring me that dog you're the menu and bring a side order of cat walk run or catcher gray hound for the cafeteria centoria of highly uh where we give new meetings of the word pet food we get i got a great fact by the way from a guy named gun dollars a Cuban guy who's very eye-wrape i'll get to that in a minute getting back to this Brigad article it says the religious server surviving the child was for the boy down the by talk on the street the fidel Castro must have the child the meet some conditions of his centoria beliefs this rumor surfers after sister genio lollaplan host of the boy in his grandmother's late January was given a note by lanzer organ dollars the boy's great uncle who answered a pass it on the grandmothers o lollaplan who said she forgot to pass the note on found it in her pocket after lanzer alien on the grandmother's it left her house i was shocked by what it said o lollaplan said the great uncle believed Castro would make a witchcraft sacrifice of alien and i became very worried about this o lollaplan said her reversal of her neutral stance was partially provoked by the note and she told the attorneys for the mommy family about it meanwhile rumor spread on the street that the child would become Castro centoria sacrifice you start to piece all this together now a little bit better yeah according to the most repeated rumor a centoria priest has had worn Castro that he would be overthrown by a child saved by dolphins it's sea castler therefore had to get the child back in order to to diffuse the boy's potential power the centoria rumors are ridiculous the child was baptized as a Catholic and two but before ever got here you'll not go back and become something different said john brown camel of national council churches will company the aliens grandma is when they visited him but the belief that the savior child can only be saved from the underworld of his days in mining continues to rage on the streets the movie movie movie movie movie see that's what we're talking about and we can't for nandis we're talking about crazy people rubbing their rosary beads informing the human cross and shining the flashlights up in the sky that's what we're talking about crazy green tooth people last week an oily smudger appeared on a bank window near the little of anahoma the child lives with his mommy relatives people gathered around it some weeping in car yet an apparition of the virgin Mary who was showing herself they believed in support of the cost to keep alien in Miami the movie movie movie movie movie then a few days later the apparition moved closer to home on a spot appeared on a mirror in the bedroom where the child sleeps it shaped resettling the virgin of Guadalupe who was said to have shown herself to a Mexican peasant more than 400 years ago the movie movie movie movie movie movie movie outside the house believe his way of science and espioniel to promote the idea that the alien saga is religious at its core one said do not deliver alien to the Romans another said alien is Christ Reno is Lucifer Castro is Satan and I thought he played for the Buffalo Sabers we ought to say these religious connections to alien are a way for people to channel their grief and anger over 41 years of revolution this child is a way for them to envision resurrection for Cuba but the Roman Catholic churches and buying at least not officially nor was it pointing to abundant Catholic teaching this is the relationship of a parent to a child takes precedence over issues of state or religion suggesting the child should be returned with father and Cuba rather than stay here instead the arts dices of Miami's taken no colon position saying only that people should pray for alien and everyone involved with this future and of column so there's the column right there that everybody needs to have and and tape to the dead chicken on the outside of their door right under where the Mizzosa sits on the door frame but we're not crazy people that's what we're talking about crazy religious fanatics now here comes this great facts from somebody named Gonzalez which I guess won't be a giveaway since we have half a million people named Gonzalez or Rodriguez missed out on the right you're a couple unfortunately listening to your show forces me to come become partly a professional Cuban says Mr Gonzalez I find that most 70% of your colors originated from Broward County would you agree with that that 70% no in fact yesterday I can't all the calls that came from the gables in candle and all kinds of places I'd say half and half but anyway I find it amusing that they complain about a couple of roads being blocked by Cuban protests in the city of thousands of roads and what is even funny is that this blockage does then anyway affect your Broward County Congress but you know something the last blockage we had when we had the incident with a coast guard that got all these crazy religious nuts of whip up to a frenzy who when their own their own government within a government and foreign policy within the county the last time it seems to me that it weren't just a few side roads we're talking about the access to money beach the duty title the uh McCurther causeway that they had blocked off and it could have easily been people from Broward County or Palm Beach or Peoria whose lives may have depended on being able to get across that body of water to maybe outside our hospital if they're alive they've been having a heart attack or have been injured or shot or got on those what else you know I'm talking about yeah and what has even funnier he says in the blockage like I said doesn't affect the Broward County Congress yet they call with such strong aggression we both know there are opinions have nothing to do with a couple of streets that have been blocked but obviously don't come in any way affected daily plantation and we're behind or north Miami Beach I tend to Cornell University and most of my American friends are so very different than your callers they have higher intelligence the very impressed on how well Cubans have done in the US is obvious that the not well yeah our audience they're all more on don't you understand that Mr. I'm sorry that's right this is a listener they want to insult them it is obvious that non- Cubans software community is using this alien issue to vet their frustration and be in jealousy that exists against the Cuban community in South Florida how pathetic and petty he writes PETI T which is petite spelled wrong how petty I think is what you mean is that what you mean Mr. Gonzalez your callers want to send alien on fact that because of any deep concern of reeniting alien with his father but rather for all the wrong reasons including non- Cubans Spanish want to send the child back simply because the kid is Cuban in and their eyes Cubans get preferential treatment so what if he does the other Spanish you get off their rear fat rear end energy financial success like the Cubans have so they can lobby for the respective instead of whining about preferential treatment it is obvious any reasonable person that the other Hispanics in this community are very ambitious of the Cuban economic success success theory that has not been duplicated by any other Hispanic group anywhere in the US some angles in the community are just tired of hearing about Cubans don't want to see the Cubans get their way I say too bad press the TV channel better yet don't watch so much TV and go read a book personally and beginning to think that some angles in the community are used to pushing minority groups around Cubans are unlike most minorities in this country as Cubans have achieved economic success have a significant professional class and are politically organized despite our small numbers Cubans are proven they can compete with angles that work in the classroom I think it's quite admirable that we're fighting for what we believe in and what is right unless you like to make it seem these protests are being done in a very peaceful manner there are no fights destructive private property looting etc I'm like what you saw by angles and see adult history recently and like what you see in a program concert where there's an average of 40 arrests every major politician in Florida including Governor Jeff Bush County Mac and Bob Graham have advocated that alien should be allowed to go through the entire appeals process in fact the next president of the US whether George Bush or Al Gore indicate the same also if your callers on going to are going to call about Cubans they really should do some research they will find a Cuban spot for their independence Cubans are also tempted to recapture Cubans the pay of pigs it is impossible to invade Cuba right now with the makeshift army as Cuba's military forces significant Cuba before caster was the most advanced country in Latin America and the caster revolution was a political and social revolution not an economic one caster will never made himself out to be a communist and teleptory took power the CIA is attempted a U.S. of caster with more spots against his life the US is attempted 40 years economically straggler regime in his failed and the Cuban axioms in the US economically and education the outperform the national averages in the US significantly try to be objective and fair despite the fact that your audience base is mostly Anglo but in the fact that the Cuban community is achieved all these things that he says it would seem that little bit of gratitude would be in order instead of slapping the rest of us in the face and always saying well too bad get off your fan act and yati yati yati in your jealous instead of a crap like that and instead of trying to rationalize everyone unacceptable behavior and threatening and holding the community hostage not just about alien but about what was banned man and about the coast guard and every second about the guy damn a junior pan American everything here best to be based on the threat of force if we piss off this group of militant so-called exiles it is unfreakin acceptable to reasonable people of any background whether they're live in date browner pombie a lack of accounting to make a goddamn bit of difference Mr. Gonzalez this is one of the most arrogant obnoxious factions I've ever received and thank you for sharing your arrogance with us your listening to the fact that real Rogers on five six feet Q a m but uh what up your hunger keeps wow that guy's were you fudge pack and haka listen what else what am I missing I want to bang you in the butt honey all right hey oh We can turn that baby up and leave us We can just kind of turn We can just take it out of the heart And we can just speak in time They got the green there Come with me and you can decide this side We're gonna have to be a little bit more We're gonna have to be a little bit more We're gonna have to be a little bit more We're gonna have to be a little bit more We're gonna have to move on Move on with the lipuraab You're right There's a lot of oil in the past You're just gonna see it You're just gonna see it Now I speak in time It's the first time I've ever seen a movie. 14-4 11-5-60WQL. I'm sitting at home out of my own business to film rings yesterday afternoon and it's Arrow on the clock. But friends and they share you going to be there for a while Mr. Rogers has said yes. We have our drive over like it's over something. You in like 15 minutes later, there's an oncoming that or they bring me a beautiful like basket. A basket, a basket, all kinds of goodies in the basket. What was it? Good stuff. A lot of which I shouldn't be, but nevertheless there was cheese in the were apples and there were like some of those good stuff. Thanks, Lenny. And a nice cardin there too. It's a really very nice. Good people. See there are some very nice people out there. Friend, what's his name over at Randy Multash. Take a defense team every year. He's one of the very few people that recognize my anniversary on March 1, every year. Nice squad, Randy. So I just thought I would acknowledge that. And also, I forgot and dimensioned my close personal friend from a beautiful mailboxes in Dania. Sherry. Sherry. Philancy. Yes. Thanks, Sherry. What a great job they do for me. Thanks sweetheart. You're the best. Beautiful mailboxes in Dania. There's nobody better in the world. I just noticed by the way in a front page of the same hero that these other articles were in police up to ordaining reclaimed son. In a child custody, if I closely watch because of its parallels to the island Gonzalez case, a Jordanian father took his two-year-old son away from the child's mother Thursday night with a help of Miami-Dade police. When police hesitated to carry out a corridor in a company, Abraham Shanti, to claim his son, their legal office told him it was a corridor they had no choice. Police then responded by getting a break order permission to break down the door if the mother refused to peacefully hand over the child. The police involved that was in sharp contrast to a vow by Miami County Mayor, Alex Pinga Picanya, not to allow date officers to assist in aggression officials if they attempted to move alien from his uncle's home in Little Havana. Juan Nadyetta, our former friend and spokesman for Pinga Picanya said the police presence of the mother's home was a normal procedure. And far different because the alien case is about a company, Anna Company, minor who reached the shores where the courts have basically been tried to determine who can speak for this child. As opposed to this case where the Jordanian couple has gone through the appellate process and exocting the appellate thing. Juan Nadyetta of course, who's one of these spokespeople and shields for Mayor Pinga Picanya. How sad that is. Good guy basically but unfortunately he's got no choice. That's his station in life. That's what he shows him to be a parent on the shoulder of Mayor Pinga Picanya. But just to go back one more time to that obnoxious facts from Mr. Gonzalez. See, I am very objective because I have no asked to grind it. And who could be more fair, right on the beginning I've said, I could make a really strong case for the boy to stay here or the boy to go back with his father. I could make a very eloquent great case either way. I could have been a great attorney, trust me when I tell you better than some I know. That's right. So I really don't care. It is of no consequence to me whether he stays or goes back. The only thing being of course that a lot of us who felt that way all along have been really turned off because of the behavior of the so-called Miami family and their attorneys and their public relations people and their political hacks. And this community has to, we have to constantly suffer for this. It's not just a couple of roads and it's not just one isolated incident. It's people who want to live in the same country who want to live in the US of A. To one living a foreign country, believe me, I have a passport. I go to foreign countries all the time and there's a lot of good ones to choose. I know that Cuba is one of them, but nevertheless, go to whichever one you like. And live in a foreign country. This business, that, well, just because we've been successful, therefore we have the right to be arrogant and demand whatever it help we want and convenience everybody else. This is an obnoxious attitude. So for you to send me a fact, giving me a lecture about my attitude. I'm telling you right now, I guess not only is my audience stupid, but all the people who watch channel 6 must be stupid too. They're 65% of the people in that poll and all the people nationwide, 80% and 90% of the people who think to boil along with this father. They must be stupid and hate Cuban and be all the other things that you accuse me of being. Not a voice, are true. Love Cubans. Some. Not those old tutos, one but for example in the jail he's close. So I'm in there this morning when I was in there bitching out depot for being such a John Henry suckle. Miguel came in. I mean, I would be more than delighted to show my love and affection for him. What? What are you laughing about? Do I have to watch? I can't believe right? No, you could watch. You know, I could see could come in here right now. I can't believe it. But don't have blinds on this one. That's right. You'd be ecstatic. Knowing what a proverb you are. So I don't have to go to a swimming club to see excitement. Oh, oh, let's go. Anyway, hey, listen at least. I'm like Joe Costelli. Wouldn't have to worry about nothing this weekend in your post. You haven't talked about? Sometimes I think that Joe is nuts or something like that. Especially when that's stock. Well, anyway, let's move along. Little levity I never heard. Mr. Gonzalez all I can say is your full of crap. Your full of big, brown oozing. That booty. Okay, this so far looks pretty interesting. Although none of them are flashing like it's supposed to be next. So I guess I'll just start at the top. Four waterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. There's only four thousand Cuban that are an embarrassment to the Cuban community, which I admire. And Mr. Gonzalez is part of that four thousand. Mr. Gonzalez, you have to be ashamed of yourself. Because 896,000 Cuban don't feel the way that four thousand Cuban feel. Okay. And that's the best by message. And he'll be with his father. And just like Mr. Rogers says, I could have made a case for the kids to say, but you people are such an embarrassment. And you walk over other people's rights, which when you do, that's when you're right stop. Okay. God bless America. Okay, thank you, sir. Here's one that says, hi, God. Why answer it? This is the only one with the Kohons, the tackle list. So there's somebody who's the, uh, I can't read the name. Arthur. Or whatever. Well, because at Tom Jika, he was right on top. And because Tom Jika and I are the only ones with balls in his town. That's basically what it's all about in the media. We're the only ones. The rest of them are a bunch of pandas, a bunch of suckles, a bunch of jump on a bandbag and phony's, a bunch of idiots who stick their finger out the window and then still can't tell what the temperature is. Maybe that'll stick their finger in there. Back to me. Might be able to tell. Here's a call in the Grove. Hello. Yes, who's this? Yes, sir. This is me. Oh, New August? Yes, sir. Hey, I was listening to you and you keep talking about violence and all that. And I was one of those people that was out there on a street. I just wanted to see what was going on. And I went out there and I didn't see any violence or any. What would he mean? I keep talking about violence. What was I talking about violence? Articles that you've been reading, that I've been saying that it's violence is going to erupt and date county and just in that. I haven't seen any of that. No, yes. But what what what history do we have to indicate that it will happen? How about when the Coast Guard got the same people pissed off the last time, just a couple of months ago. Didn't we have violence? Didn't we have people thrown rocks and bottles at each other out in the street? Wasn't Mayor Martinez a highly abeaten the crap out of people who are blocking the street? Go for a punk. I mean, that's not the only one. It doesn't make any difference. Doesn't make any difference who they were. Okay. If we have, if this kid gets sent back and if it just is presented in the way that this police is there, the exact community, you're going to have a real nasty scene in this town. They're already threatening to form the human chain around the house. You think their iron s is going to put up with that? They have a right to form a human chain if they want and just like they have. They have a right to impede the law. No, they'll get arrested. Anybody that impede the law will get arrested. They have the right to form a human chain if they want. So no, you're not going to have the right to arrest them. You're going to have the right to arrest them. You're condoning this, then. Is that what you're saying? No, no, I'm not condoning them. I'm condoning the right to assemble. Not for enough for interfering with the law. And not for not for the right to cooperate. And not for disrupting people's lives and not for having a bunch of truckers out there who are pouring convoyes in a highway and blocking off the traffic and slowing down and not for dropping gravel in the streets. You know what we're talking about. So you don't pretend that you don't mess with that. That's that's so minor. I mean, that sir anybody that you are. It's minor if somebody dies because of it because they can't get the hospital. It will not be minor. Okay, sir. To you, it's minor. To a lot of us is unacceptable. Which word don't you understand sir? It is on freaking acceptable. Period. And like I said, it would be one thing if this is the first time this ever happened. You could say, or something extraordinary circumstance, yoddi, but it happens every time the same group of so-called exile. Yet this please. And talk about minor. How about having a goddamn ball game get in play? And how about the goddamn cuba national team, planning orials? How about the like I said, the junior pan and games. They can't come here because the exiles won't permit it because they county's got these stupid laws on the books. We can't have the Latin Grammys here because they're going to be a couple of groups in there who come from Cuba. We can't have art, uh, displays and his town because they're going to be artists in there just playing their work who are from Cuba. And on and on it goes. Sir, you could try to count it in any terms you want to rationalize it. The fact is very clearly that date county is held hostage to a bunch of fanatical lunatics period. And it is unacceptable. And you can't name me one other county in one other state in the US of A that's held hostage by any ethnic group. If you could, I'd be willing to listen, but I don't think so. No, it's just minor. What are you complaining about? We're just, uh, disrupting people's lives. And causing chaos and embarrassing and humiliating the city and cost to get millions and millions of dollars in tourist money. Accounted that's always scratch and dispersing the city of Miami for every dime. Or we can't say kids home with school books. We are concerned about the kids who go home without school books in date county every night. But we're concerned about some little kids that showed up here on a rubber wrap. And I don't want to be insensitive because a human being deserves to be treated properly. But for a quite a lot, what makes him so goddamn special other than, of course, being Jesus. And the baby Moses and all these other things. Let's get serious. That's what this is all about. It's got nothing to do with a six year old kid. It has to do with a pissing contest with Castro. That's all this is about. And anybody who gives me a clock a crap that they're so concerned about the future of poor little alien. And how he'll be taken back there and being brainwashed. Here we are, standing there holding this little baby Jesus in his arms here in his picture. Talk about brainwashing and going to a Catholic church on the days when he actually gets out of the house. Maybe he's really lucky. Really lucky he can wind up to stay here and become an altar boy. You're listening to the festive meal Roger on 5.6. W.A.M. by Emmy Fort Lottodale. For 30.5.6. Oh, don't you take me home. I have a hundred days. I got to get out of this game. If it's the last thing I ever do. I got to get out of this game. I used to be a star. I'm talking TV and movies. DJ Hulker emergency 911. You like Star Trek, right? Scotty. Be the up from this nightmare gig. I'll admit it. I got the call from my age at about this place line dot com thing. When things weren't going to well. No way. Things weren't going at all. So he says, Bill, you want to do a few commercials. They'll pay your turn on money. So I said, sure. They want so well. They said, hey Bill. You want to do what I'm TV? What do I say? I'm back on TV, baby. I'm going to be a star again. I'll be big. Really big. And then I realize, on the TV sponsor, making fun of that really awful album. I made that in the 60s. I'm a parody of myself by what I was out. But my agency has already signed the contract. You're stuck. He says, I got to get out. So it is gig. Girl, all of a better life than I do. Thank you. You're welcome. Five thousand. I'm so tickets for the Panthers out of a game tonight. By the way, any interest? No. Okay. The game ought to act the Mcerrated night at 7.7. Clock. Pre-game game time 7.35. Any K rounds would GA after the hockey game. Yeah, that's actually just the sense by inside. Stingling. I'll tell you that. Erdogan and obnoxious. And I hate to break the news to Mr. Gonzalez. But the fact is that there are an awful lot of us in this town who don't give a crap about your ethnicity. So no interest to me. How successful you are. I'm pretty successful too. You know what? And I'm not human. And I don't support fanjism. Here's my, here's my enemy. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a police officer. You're a little hogan. All right. And obnoxious. You know, one thing. This is just about four people who want to have a piss and contact with with Castro. That's right. That's about. And I want to let you know that yesterday you were being shot down on every Cuban radio station. You were along with Bogrethan. Yeah. For, for standing up for the rest of the day. That's not unusual. I mean, you know, I'd like to say, I'd like to see what happened. If somebody would send a fact to the Spanish language station saying, can't you be a little bit more objective like this guy to just send me a fact? Actually, they were going on about how the Cuban's ruined my family and everything has to go there. Wait, I don't just go on just go all buck. Wow, my, everybody. Isn't that great? So, on Cuban's this guy, whatever his name is, you know, go back to where you from. If you don't like it here, you're a little bit successful. Bobby successful somewhere else. Amen. I was doing this. Thanks, pal. Yeah, I think like we're trying to say, and of course, it's very difficult to lose the perspective on it. But here's a small group of a few thousand people. It's hard to tell how many they really are. And the overwhelming majority of people don't feel that way. And spite of what in Recate Fernandez writes in a sunset, and what this Mr. Gonzalez writes in his facts. The majority of people, in fact, the people that listen to those Spanish language radio stations and call it and do their bidding and do whatever they tell them to do. They're all the old green tooth crag, you know, who I'm talking about. The old domino playing a group follows with a green teeth. The so-called exiles, who just will never let it go. And the media here continues to panter them into portraying, and all these, this is the top road of Cuban community. Is it? No. No. But they're the ones who will pull all the strings. You know, I kind of got fathered, shown the thing with a pulling the strings. They're the ones who pull all the strings, because everybody else in this town sits on the ranch. That's one thing that's all else is right about. Everybody else here sits on the ranch. Just like on Miami Beach, anybody with a Jewish name, they got elected in Miami Beach. Here's a go-kazalapia. All the voters were old Jews. Same thing in Halendale. And now the same thing all over Dave County, because the only people about their voting in Dave County, anymore old whoo-deos. Here's a pop guy, hello. Yeah, Neil, excellent Palm Beach post editorial today. 14 months ago, Mayor Alex Peanyloss worried so much about safety on the streets that he sued gunmakers. On Wednesday, Mayor Peanyloss said that if the federal government returns to the United Cuba and violence breaks out, he won't help with security. Yeah, he's the one that's talking about violence, not me. Mayor Peanyloss's comments were reckless and contradictory. Yet by staging the state's conference, Mayor Peanyloss became a provocateur himself. So, I think that says it all, and this all brings me back to that famous final scene in the movie that's sealed where Richard Harris was going into the ocean. Snacking his barking stick against the waves and saying, go back, go back. Okay, well, maybe he's looking for that chicken on the door, I don't know. Oh, Jesus, here's Dave the cop, hello. Hello, hello, yes sir. Hello, this is not Dave, I'm on a wrong line. Okay, hang on, I gotta see, this thing is so cocky, but I'm not going to start on a phone again, because supposedly, allegedly, this phone system is getting sent back and we're getting a real run, allegedly. Anybody believe it? No. Like I said, here's Dave the cop on seven, hello. You're doing the, okay. You know, you keep, well, a lot of people that keep talking about that's the majority of Latin. Don't feel that way, and my, my words, listen to, but, you know, she's pretty liberal compared to the most in all, but, you know, my contention is that a silent majority is still in my naughty. Right, that's right. Yeah, it's a horrible feel that way, then you need to stand up, speak up like like, go. But they never have, they never have. And, you know, the other guy's point will take an encealed, you did have a bunch of probably rich white kids, causing mayhem in Seattle, but. Right. A rest are very subjective. After what all of the politicians that hear the other day, how many of you read you actually think we're going to be made here? Unless things really go to hell and a hand basket. When you have the choice not to make the rest, and with that same sort of, let's just say, a lot of two be given to people of the liberty city of Middle-Aides, if the same things, everything equal? No way. And, you know, and it creates a problem for a lot of people. It's a sad situation, you know, the people that they're all listening to go to jail, if they're not, I agree with the guy. Certainly, uh, peaceful demonstration is welcome. I welcome it. I enjoy that. But you know, something how many demonstrations do we need already? Okay. They've made their point. Everybody understands the way they feel, uh, whether we agree or not. But how many demonstrations do you have before? Finally, you sit back and the law plays itself out and case the roster out. Whatever it's going to be is going to be. And then when I read this article about all this religious, Hocus, Hocus, and all these rumors spread around, I mean, you kind of understand the nature of these people that you're talking about. These old green two things. Well, that goes back to square one, then the silent majority needs to become a majority and stop listening to this horse crap. And, you know, by and large two, we're still living in a community and it's not the single out anyone politician, but we're living in a community and I'll say self-law it as a whole. But they only have to suck up to one group of people because they have the vast majority over over the rest of the people. And they don't have to consider, you know, concern themselves with the other constituents. They just, how many times that Lincoln Jacket's ballad to Rothlight and ever get on TV to do anything with an African American or an Anglo man? Never. Or an Anglo man. There's a problem right there. And I would venture to say there's got to be South African Americans in white, uh, anglers in their constituency. You know, it doesn't put them on TV so they don't want to deal with it. That's where the problem is. It deals with what's going on in the leadership and the lending attitude of self-law. Okay. Go, Karna. I knew you'd say. You got it. Okay. He said it. You're the seat to the best of real Rogers on 5.6 feet QAF. I'm a graduate, breath, so beautiful. I'm trying to land on the Poyo Paracan. Move over, Mark Anthony and Lou Began. There's a new hot Latin pot sensation who's moving up the charts. It's her nandovalentcy for the Holy Scants. Now let's agree this. With his scourching debut album, Let's have snacks. Oh, I'm so hungry. And now we make it out. Rolling stone calls her nando as attractive as Enrique Iglesias with a certain Ricky Martin quality. The magazine raids forget those things. Her nando is going to make you sizzle with his fiery Latin books. I win, I know you. Like the men do from the country from what I am so. Billboard Magazine says, since everyone's buying Latin music, this is another one people can buy. So throw your parents money away on CDs with singers who are hungry. Buy the hot new album from Hernandez and let's hear from Holy Scants on a Swag League. Let's have snacks. I am a man. And my CD contains many pictures for you to look at and imagine we are having. What I'm writing this great betray that is Latin music. Let's have snacks. I've got a little one capitalized record. Oh, right. And here's another fact from Carolyn our attorney friend in Miami who says, and response to Mr. Gonzalez. He says, well, let's see Mr. Gonzalez who am I a listener of the Neo Roger show. One, I'm not too smart even though I have 19 years of education in a practice law for 20 years. Two, I live in Broward, even though I've lived in date for 29 years and visit Broward only to go to court. Three, I resented in this like Cuban, even though I recently had a Cuban American law partner. And for I want alien to be returned to his father because I'm anti-cuban, even though the laws of every country including Cuba and the US recognize the parents overwhelming right to decisions for his or her child, not the right of a great uncle or cousin. And who are you, Mr. Gonzalez? One, an arrogant Cuban who spits in the face of the country is given you everything. Two, a person who cares about one option in chip on pedal Castro, rather than the well-being of a six year old boy. And three, finally a fascist and crazy person with a small band of equally selfish self-centered people who made this city in county, the laughing stock of MSNBC and CNN. Nice going Carolyn. As usual. Yeah, and this business, the Spanish language radio about it doesn't surprise me to be doing that for years. Taken me and Bo Griffin, anybody who's got the balls to go on a year and the disagreed. All you have to do is have a descending to a point of view of this time. Come on, Mr. Comunist and of course, in this case, met a con, come on, Mr. Lincoln, being in. Same old tired crap that's been going on since day one, since they got off their banana boat. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. I know this is Scott and West Palm Beach. Okay, who are that there? I can't read this thing, Scott. Sorry. That's all right, great fun, sister. This thing is a piece of crap. Man, I've listened to you for years and this the first time I've ever called. I'm just so pissed off. And Fardo. You know, for one thing, these morons have made Uncle Fidel look like this wonderful little grandpa. You know, they've given him more PR than he ever could have paid for. Yeah. He looks sane. They look crazy. And of course, this latest deal at his home, where he's going to send the father over here now. He's gotten his apply for the VZs. He's going to be on his way any second now. And he's going to come over here and even even Mayor Pinkham, Picanius says, Oh, yeah, well, the father gets here. There's no question that they have to turn the boy over to him while he is. The custody battle goes on. Yeah, but not this Gonzalez moron. No, you know, they're going to change the rules. Their lawyers as well. Maybe maybe not. You know, of course, the kid wants to stay on a Disney world. You watch in Nickelodeon. And he's being brainwashed every day, 24 hours a day. And if he goes back to Cuba, Fidel is going to parade him and make his life just wonderful. The kid wins either way. That's right. But, you know, for, for, job, Bush and any of the rest of them to even Intimate to the federal government that they will not support it, Just invites the national guard and God forbid the Marines to be set down here. You know, and that's going to be great for those of us that have to do business in my own way. Let me be dead or the other good systems of my own day. We live under Marshall Law. Yeah. Well, that'd be fun. So anyway, I just had to call Neil. I'm just so fired up by him. Sick on the death. The kid should have been shipped back immediately. He is New Eagle Alien and he has no rights. Okay, you're right. Thanks, Neil. Yeah. Mr. Gonzalez. Maybe I was speeding Gonzalez. What do you think? Oh, yeah. See, did this thing? I mean, the lines. But I don't want to get started with this phone thing again. God forbid I should do that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. How does that sound? How does that sound? How does that sound? Chronic, chronic. Even I ask for a little child, a little little infant. I say, let's send this guy a kid back and let Aliens stay here. Wherever this kid's living. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, Pine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Okay. Thank God. I don't have to go south at the border anymore. Which is the day, Brad. Yeah. A couple quick things, man. I'm not Jewish or black. But I got to tell you. Some of the right there. I'm here. Yeah. Some of the comments I've ever like an Rikai. What is this Fernandez trying to compare this kid with a child that was in the Holocaust and being sent back to a concentration. Oh, sorry, you guys. I had yesterday who was trying to tell me that the millions of people have been murdered in Cuba. Millions. That's just not true. It's economics. It's unfiring. It's hard for me to hear you right now. I can't hear what you're saying. Yeah. Which is the right way to say that. What's the right way to say that it's not true. It's an alternate home system. But it's popping and puking. One other thing is it's so funny. It's it's not political. How come not one thing will be public in this for the child going back. Every single one of it is it's so political it's ridiculous. You know. You know, wanting votes from from the the Cuban population. But you know, but you can understand that. Because they're at least their pandering that are constituency. Wide democrats like Bob Graham and Al Gore are getting sucked into this. you know this when they're not going to get those people's votes anyway the ex-author in the Chinaman's chance are going to get that vote they're getting some really bad advice. I don't understand this is also this is unbelievable national media it's all over the place not just the local media but like I speak quietly other day I think and saying how they're having 12 digital now you know the hand of God came over him and sent these dolphins into say to him that is right. I have a hand of God got a statement from being a Santa Reac sacrifice on Fiddles front door. I don't know the hand of God just go over to you but take care of Castro if you saw my powerful. He's too busy placed in the Virgin Mary and that's what it was I was wondering why that was he's got a lot of other crap to take care of post all those ball games you know the guys that are praying. Yeah. In closing you out just like to say to my Cuban constituents down there. Here's plantation hello. Yes sir. Sorry I got to turn the volume down on this thing now. What do you mean you can't hear on hold? No. Of course not. Your phone. Of course not. We already checked this thing out this morning. No this matter fact I called you from a mobile before I had to hang up like a new year young hold there. I don't want to stir the powder on you. Oh no again. Maybe I got lucky twice. Okay. Well sir before I go off and call this guy that's saying you the facts and asshole I got to check my facts. If you turn the time is up because I live in a plantation about 16 miles north of the county line that I must post that in a pinion on it. Right. Okay sir. They're not your highways anyway don't you understand? Well decide to start that I drive a truck for a living and I'm in Dave County half of half of every day. Yeah but now you're nitpicking sir. So I'm not supposed to care about you. If it's only half the time then it's like you should have half of the right to have an opinion. Okay well what about calm by and I shouldn't care that those kids got shot. No. And the poor guy in New York got shot for a few times by the cops. Right. I have no opinion in that. So I'll just limit myself to work those on him point. Okay. I think you were right in the beginning when you said these are the asshole. I think that was getting closer to the. You know I hate to go off call and people mean someone's like got my facts straight but that has to be one of the classic facts that you've got. Absolutely arrogant and obnoxious and well we've been successful and you're all jealous and what's a few streets and you're not driving along anyway and this is it's just unbelievable. Me or even if I didn't spend one second of my life and Dave which I tried to avoid as much as I can. Right. Even if I lived in Washington state on the other side of the country. How could you not have an opinion on this and when see and I don't know about you. You were here with the mayor says how could you not. I'm not with you. I'm not with you. I'm a traveling enough but I almost always fly out of my meter national because wherever I'm going. Usually that's where I get to direct flights to and so as I'm somebody who not really works in Dave County every day. Even though it's just below the county line but I also use the airport a hell of a lot probably more than 95% of the people in this audience. And I'm not going to sit still if I decide I want to go out of town for the weekend. Ryan Vacation. I'm not going to sit still very quietly while I bunch of lunatics decide that I'm going to block the airport and disrupt my life because they're pissed off that they didn't get their way this time. Yeah, this guy is just way off the he's way off the market. Okay, have a great day. You too. So they came here on whole well let's continue checking it out. Thor Latterdale hello. Hello Neil. Could you here on hold? Yeah, then I'm holding. I can't hear anything. Oh no. Okay. Okay, I'm sorry. I don't want to get any more. I'm sorry about that. I'm going to American who's married into a cute and family. And I do have somewhat of an insight on the situation more than the average layman. But I know there's a lot of decent law-abiding Cubans live in Broward and Day County. But there are a huge contingency of violent Cubans out there that do support the radicals in breaking the law and holding a city hostage and everything else. So when they I don't find the effect that there's only 4,000 of them out there that support this and that's a in a 480,000. Yeah, they're against 684 not true. Very silently right. It's just not true because every Cuban that I ever speak to are common any contact with say, well they had to hold the causeway hostage. They had to prove their point. Even though they didn't participate they could prove it supported. Okay. Thank you. Here's the fact from Kim White Kim who's offended. She says I love you and all but what's with the pool non Hispanic white line up just white. What's with the non Hispanic rap Hispanic is Hispanic it's not white white is white. I never. That would be that census lady that called that. Oh no it's white Kim is who it is. She's all right. That's just our way of trying to would define okay to try to make it clear for some more people might be just a little bit on the slow side. Yeah, a little bit confused. Yeah, be sure and vote on our pool over the weekend. What are you besides well, not Hispanic white Cuban Puerto Rican other Hispanic African American or other. Oh, you know what? Well, it's too late when you take a Spanish class. You get darker as you leave it. We should have also put like Haitian and Jamaican in there. We've got plenty of dark and plated people aren't African American. Ooh, you're right. Well, too late because Eric's not there now. Anyway, here's the fact from building dear few of this is how else will Ali on be able to have cast or set his people free unless they return them to the country. But then it can confront Castro with the 10 plagues when Castro gives the OK alien can then part the Atlantic and see those people free. There you go. Oh, right. Let's white Bill and dear field. Yeah. He's got to part the waters. The muddy waters. Five six seven. I apologize again. Even though it's not my place to apologize because Greg Reed ought to be on here. He ought to have a message recorded that we ought to play like every half an hour. I apologize for me and the audience for this piece of smugma that we're using here as a phone system. Which you'll love as the phone calls sound real tinny and crappy again on the year today and they can't hear on hold again. Even though we tried to check that out, we thought that it was working okay this morning. Is it working okay? No, no. It is not. But nevertheless. It isn't your mother's ring in name. This is **** rock. It's hard to break you. Five six these two eight amps. Had a few bullets right now, Bill. And like that. You missed it on hold. Her family likes him. Her husband's staying in a dress called him cheating and he confessed. She's powerful. She moves to New York State. Her husband said that sounded great. That'll give him time to phone a case. She knows he's unfaithful. Me, Hillary. You've heard about whitebouters. You know they never caught her take a look at her big hand quarters. Ain't they found a boat? Me, Hillary. She wants to be a bad ass judge. But to what ever goes over there. You're the only one that's got to share. In fact, you wrote most of these words. Yeah, really wrote all of these words. Yeah. And he really is the fond of her. Great. Practice sends a fact to copy of a thing that he packs over to Mayor Pingu Piccadier. But I think you only send it to me because he wants his name on here. Nice going. I'm just off for Harvey Jr. Who I saw the hockey game last a couple nights ago by the way, and since we've heard through you, George. Not five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th and T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Hi. You know, I think it gave a real great. So I've turned the radio down. I haven't heard anybody address. I'm at the problem to hear my. And I think that the ex-file community has got listening to other people so they can begin to understand with the people really thinking. I mean, they only listen to their own rhetoric. And they need to know. Oh, it's like a revolving door. I mean, just a self-serving thing that goes on and on and on and on and round and round and mild like a dog chasing its tail. It's the same people listening to the expression preaching to the choir. That's what Spanish language radio is all about. In, you know, they don't address a lot of the problems like all the corruption here. And it's not just failing on that people are upset about their upset about all the corruption. I mean, look at what's happening over at MIA. It's a very. One side of the issue. I mean, you just start looking at how Americans are viewing this. They've been welcomed here in America. And they should listen to Americans. They won't do it. They won't do it. They shouldn't be because you know, my any could be a very, very. Interesting city. They a lot of today. Look at me. They can make a lot of money. You have to have them again. Yes, it's true. I'm in person buying a house here and I'm scared to death because you never know what's going to happen to property values. I mean, the corruption here is terrible. You know, it's good of stopping me to Medicaid fraud mortgage fraud. And buying a house in date County. Well, I'm thinking about downtown Miami. But don't buy a house. Oh boy. I mean, if you if you look at it, you must be dreaming. Look at the fraud. Don't spend money. It's beenies. and was talking about how well people are doing here in the XL community, how well I mean where do they get their money from? I mean, still have selling their teeth. They come here flat growth supposedly and in one generation they're driving around a very expensive automobile, expensive homes. You want to wear that money comes from. Now I've been in business for a long time and I... Do you want to buy a golden bracelet? What? You can not make all this money that they come in. Do you want to get your home in the fixing teeth for you? Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Okay. Thank God there's no superstition among the ex-oxocomunity. What do I say? That old black man, I just get that old Santa Rea baby. This is this article here. I'm saving this one. Pray for alien. A Santa Rea priestess has worn Castro that he'd be overthrown by a child saved by dolphins it's sea. Therefore he has to get the child by an order to defuse the boys' potential power. Santa Rea baby. The great uncle believes that Castro will make an end and this by the way this is Lazaro, this is who he's staying with. He believes that Castro will make the kid a witchcraft sacrifice and passes this note along to Sister Gene who probably passed it on to Jan Arino maybe not the note but she passed it on. I wonder if Jan was able to stay still long enough to enjoy that. You think so? No. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey, yes sir. Here to hell at me. Okay, we won't do it again. We're expecting it. A couple things I wanted to bring up. First of all, they're the whole thing about there negotiating with with INS. What's there to negotiate? I didn't know this was an negotiation. I don't know. I didn't have no idea. It's open and shut. You know, and once the dad comes over, they should be returned to him right away. To me, it's like a yes or no thing. Are you going to sign this or are you not going to sign it? Exactly. If the answer continues to be no, they'll say, okay, we'll have all the INS agents who will be there to pick them up 10 o'clock tomorrow morning and don't get in our way or else. Exactly. And then when the dad gets here, they're saying, well, they have to interview the dad first to make sure that his intentions are good and make sure that they let him meet on neutral grounds. When that dad gets here, wherever maybe Washington or Miami, the kid immediately goes to the dad. And he shouldn't even have to wait till the process is over. If the dad wants to take them back for treatment, that point then it's all said and done. I would think so. You know, and that's what the law says. It's unbelievable. You see this thing with the Jordan case, how quietly everything happened and the kids go back. Right. I'm at the Indiana Jordanian's protesting in the streets, by the way, on behalf of the mother. Had this been any other than the kids saying in this country, going back to a ten-to-row country like Jordan. Right. Had it been any other kids from any other part of the world. And any other state in the United States. Oh, nobody put a back in 24 hours. I'll never put a herd of word about it. I'm not even long gone. And now you've got alcohol going on. Just like when the intercepted a Haitian note, both that happened right around the same time. Black Lives Matter. Thank you. Can we remember that? Exactly. I'm right back immediately. And now, alcohol is saying that he's petitioning the Congress to not only allow alien to become a citizen. Right. If he had a whole family. The gods in their school are right. What is it? And then if he does that, then what's stopping the rest of the Cuban from saying, well, we want to come over. You set a precedent. And that's what this case is about. It's not only about the welfare of the kid and the fact that he still has a biological parent alive, it's about setting a precedent. And then he's going to say, the government is hoping is that they can do that. Pedal will send all of them over there to father along with the whole of the gods in their school. They'll all get over here. And then they'll say, OK, well, we're going to make you pull for your all citizens. You all have whatever it is. And then they're all going to defect and stay here. And then they can say, see, we get the brownie points now. We got them all to stay over here. And we spit and catch your space. And you think that the XS are going to vote for Gore then? No. You know, something in Al Gore, went down to to Havana today and Bluecaster off the face of the earth and came back with a smoking gun in his hands and say, hey, look at it. See what I did. And they say, oh, that's we're happy about that. We're still voting for Bush. Yeah, it's common. He's the companies to come. I don't understand how he, how do you deal with. Sir, you're dealing with crazy people. That's what you're dealing with. Even Al Gore. I mean, at this point, he wants the circumvent all processes to appease once more. Right. He's getting as usual very bad political advice. You know, and it just, like I said, it's set to precedent. Then there's a 10 year old that wants to stay in a 17 and before you know it, everyone's saying, well, if you let him stay, I can stay. Yeah. And I'm concerned now, how long is it going to take before all the stuff trickles now in Brown County? Amen. Okay. Have a great day. I'm getting out of here. Okay. I'll take a look at the 17 year old first. Again, we apologize for, for Gore Greed and the B's, Lee's been totally incompetent. And not being able for you to hear on hold today in the phone sounding like crap and real tinny life or coming through a tin can. But we're working on it. I would say we're working feverously on it, but that would be like a little bit of a overstable. If your profits are in really bad shape and you want to get him looking just like brand new, well, don't spend all the money to buy brand new. Coupling just call our good friends and drive concepts because it doesn't look job for it that you won't even believe. Even when you see it with your own eyes, drive concepts are the best in the business of which is live and he's been for about 15 years now. They've been doing it right in this town since way back in 1979. They're exclusive, directlyening methods, sucks out even the deepest down dirt in your carpet that you can't see with the naked eye, which makes your culpants stay cleaner a lot longer. Last longer, and of course they smell a lot of money fresh too because our friends had drive concepts applied disinfectant as they clean, add no extra charge. And don't forget, speak in the charges. They give your written guaranteed price right up front. No add-on, no tack on, no gimmicks, no games. And they also do a tremendous job of furniture cleaning. Drickery cleaning, spot dying, fiber protection, copper repairs, implantary and a rug service deodorization even complete water damage restoration. All drive concepts today in day 305, 9306, 9354, 58814739, Palm Beach, 560, 930739. This is 560, 2AL. And now I'm driving for so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm so long, I'm old, I'm too long, old, old, old, old. A little bit of a side light here, very jackass and here on whatever his stupid column is this morning, right to the very end of his article. News notes, Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg, those two very zen-y-alive Jews who are on a stage that nobody listens to except the idiots in this building, who C&S foreslime So it's picked up by 1700 a.m. from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. are leaving into a sports talk show for New York City radio station. I guess the station that doesn't have an aim is that right, very, because you don't have it in here. 1700 will air their new program six to 10 a.m. starting April 10th. Wow. Oh, I bet you're on morning guys are peeing in their pants over that. What do you think? Uh-huh. Sounds like I'm going to have a lawsuit to me, Greg. Here's a great article off the news wire here. The 62 year old grandmother wearing a sun visor and holding a parasol outside the house of Indian Gonzalez made the heightening tension and Miami starkly clear. If what Jenner Reno wants is another wakeo, she could have it here. Cuban exile Elena Aguilar said Thursday, we won't let it take the child not now, now not ever. Reno killed children in wakeo and Clinton marks with people who burned the American flag during Vietnam said Aguilar's friend Maria Alonso 73, who were they to speak about justice and patriotism. If justice is done, the boy will stay here. You heard what the kid said he doesn't want to go, the sub-cubinative Ernesto Taylor 61 show me where to stand so I can take the first bullet. I'll defend his right to stay. How old are these people? 60, 70s, 80s, 90s, 110, 120. Old. Old green tooth. Milletent, un-American assholes. And just like Tom Dick is says, just like many callers said the last couple of days. There's no difference between what Mayor Pinka Piccadita did a couple of days ago. And what George Wallace did and what Orville's father did, no difference. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello. Hey there. Yes sir. Well every time I heard I thought I heard the stupid thing of these big vials, you know, you could read me something and it's even super dirty or more ridiculous. Now I never thought I could want to stand behind Tom Dick or Corcorrino, but I think I don't want to do it. Not too close though. You're right about that. Listen, who does Mayor Pamele, or President Day Pamele? In other words, he must think the police forces is on private police force, where he can tell them that in other words, we're not going to do this, we're not going to assist. Yeah. And then who does he think he is, even make that statement? He thinks he's a dictator and he's got it part right, he's got it halfway right. I mean, I'd like to hear so if there's any highly a cops, I mean, they can't be all anti-castro, you know, exiles, who actually, in other words, were offended of that. So you know, they're other, paid to uphold law and here Pamele is coming on today. I'm not going to allow my police, if police force, to have another two assists, not to allow the federal troops. You know, unbelievable. Okay, thanks. I got one solution, Neil. Yes. After the offing, lifting the kill and dropping baseball fans, right? Yeah. They love them all. I think they paid, alien back for a power hitting third basement and starting pressure. And send them to Washington, okay. There you go. Thanks. Send them to a Buffalo. They could use a baseball team there. They might not like the weather, but too bad. South Alcone comes in today with some, a lot of Romanella, Boston, a vinegar of Modena, which by the way, red wine vinegar is the best, but also balsamic vinegar, which is very expensive. Very good for your blood sugar. I'm just drinking a couple of gallons of this right out of the bottle. Much of suck it out of there. Here's Carl Spraying. Hello. Yeah. Hi. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to try to help the audience to understand what's behind the really the killer. Well, I think you said it right before when you said that has to do with Castro. This people, USA has always fought communism for the last 60 years, right? We do it in Cossau, which is, I don't know how many miles away. But we're doing 90 miles from here. We weren't fighting. We weren't fighting. We weren't fighting communism because people were being slaughtered because ethnic cleansing was going on. Because exactly it was a communist experiment. Yeah. Okay. All right. Now, we have the cheese, our customers, the team after here, dictating a lot of things they call on. And this country, we shouldn't allow this people to live here. Let me show you. The people that live here, the Cuban ex-Sans, all they wanted to do is always throw their government. And that was done. Perfect. Would be perfect for you, a coin Jesus. There will be more back to Cuba. Wouldn't it be nice? Why don't we help them? Help them go with trouble. We don't have any reason. We don't have any reason. We don't have any reason. We don't have any reason over the government. So, there has nothing to do with our national security. I've said it over and over again, it seems to me you call it a sin crap all the time. But the same nonsense. Why don't we help them? Because we're not interested in risking anybody's life to go with a banana boat down to a Cuba. It's got nothing to do with us. And if we had a brains, we'd open up diplomatic relations with Cuba. And we'd stop with us, got to ensure we'd depacify a 2000 crazy exiles. That's exactly correct. And the embargo, open up diplomatic relations and cut the crap. It seems to me, there's still a whole lot of communist over there in China. Do we have diplomatic relations with China? Yeah. We do in business with the Chinese. Oh, yeah. Communist to communist the well, that's the reality of the real world, okay? Instead of just this hard line, hard asset to do it, because we have mostly political cowardliness country. Here's plantation, hello. Good afternoon, Neil God. Yes, sir. It's very pleasure looking to your opportunity when we'll be on all the other menus. We'll hear what these are commentators and we can just eat and cut it box in the ratings. I have a quick anecdote and a comment that you make. I was eating it when you've been replacing one of the N.D.M. old coals from Tamarack. And I was at the host of space and waiting to be seated and your picture is on the wall. I'm sorry to my mother, my dad. That's the best commentator down here. And he's three people behind me started to go crazy about you and I'm pretending you and I'm not going to go crazy about one. Now, Neil God is there, how can you listen to this? Is there the dice? He's the best thing to happen before. How old were these people? There was, hey, we're there, 50s. Yeah, and I'm carrying on, yeah, I was getting so angry at that. I tried to talk and I said, then I'm walking to my seat. I said to them, I was back, I said to them, well, you're the type of people that voted for the bush and you know, and for the other reaction every time. And then I could probably have to get them. My comment is that there was, I just wish reading this really interesting book that was there. Right above for the National Book of Woods, or two years ago, it was called the kidnapping of that Guardo Mordtera by the way, today they did a curse. And what it talks about is, and up until the 20th century and Italy, the Catholic Church talks about the forced kidnapping, conversion and baptism of young Jewish children by the Catholic Church. And it talks about the Slyna, the infant who's six years old, the Guardo Mordtera. And if it was going on now in Miami with this kid, the similarities are like a frightening course. The next step, I was to get really get the Catholic Church and follow this kid. Right. What do you mean by that? Well, you know, they'll bring that. What do you mean the next step? He's already going to campus school every day. Yeah, okay. But I'm thinking obviously in the Virgin Mary on the mirror. Yeah, that's what I'm going to go. That's what I'm going to go. But one thing is that I guess that don't have the pre-sports of Billy speaking up to prevent that any of the time. Now the Catholic Church is trying to save like they used the others down aside. But what really would probably be a little bit more politically so correct? Is that Yamia Baproya, because Loya, who, I mean, how can this pay the fend and not even same thing when that quote, and today's paper, you know, that it's like somewhat to wear a knife that the Nazis are with the Jewish child. You know, we're right. I have a right day, sir. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's Carol City. Hello. Hi, Neil. Never called it before, but I've seen recently in the newspaper in terms of commentators, speculate that Janet Reno has something to be wary of when she requires from her duties as Attorney General in return to this community. And I just like to say that she's a closest thing to a hero we've ever produced and she's the only one in this whole situation that's had any back. I'm saying that in Waco, I don't think. Well, no, I'm sure they're not that. Let me tell you this right now. If Janet Reno were such a hero and if she were such a hot shot, that kid would be back in Cuba with his father right now. They wouldn't have been dragging their feet and they wouldn't be testing the political waters. And she wouldn't have made such an impassioned, uh, won't be speech yesterday about oh, she loves this community and she was born here. She just said, this is a country of laws. We're not taking any crap from, uh, from little mayor Pinga Picania or any of these other unenabotic papers and the people have to obey the law. And that's the way this is the way the law has been interpreted and the kids go and back, not a thing. And that's it. If she had any balls. Well, when the law, I'm not giving any groundy points to Janet Reno. When the mayor stood in front of the microphone, the high noon on Wednesday and made his comments of all the situation changed for me. I think that that was that was the defining moment in the end of Dave County was when he got up on that podium. And let me say it again, if anybody messed it earlier, 12 of the mayors who whose names will put on the list of who's standing on the podium have in the last two days made it very clear that they don't want to be associated with his remarks and their affairs then humiliated and it was totally inappropriate. Yeah, when the federal government should come down here with its armed force and I don't know what the Chan and Command is and our local police, but they should ask me out for no, she's at the top, uh, the tell him that our police, we're not going to go and get a alien good at all. You are a police department is going to go in and take him out of that house and if he refused to do that. No, they're not. The INS agents are going to go in and get him out of the house. They should be told to go and get them. Okay, have a nice day. Lot of really interesting people today. A lot of people just really wiggy is if we don't have important things to worry about, but we're back buried in a sea of this again, if you pardon the expression. Buried in the sea with alien on and on and on and on will it ever end. Oh, will it ever come to a conclusion? Oh, like a guy named soap opera. And you figure sooner or later, they got to type some loose ends with at least one of the 48 story lines, right? Is it ever got to come to a, no, never, never, ever. And you wonder why I love getting on that plane and going just about anywhere and getting as far away from here as I possibly can as often as I can. Is there anybody in the right mind who wonders why I don't think so? This is not a real place. This is a place where all of the energies 95% of the energies are spin on crap like this. And we kick it and drag through the same old tired garbage, whether it's the burial, bullet lift, whether it's a guy named Coast Guard in the above few years, whether it's the Los Band-Beth, whatever it is, every six months, I'll be three months now. Another one of these guy, then, but animal to hysteria acts. And you got your Lincoln D.A.s. Valar to Nileana, Rosanna, Danna, and Mayor of Phinga, Pekinga, and Joe Carrolio, and a whole bunch of crazy people that probably belong in the asylum together. The main county is an outdoor insane asylum. That's what it is. That's precisely what Dave County is. And when I first came here to KAT in 76 and after six months and I said, what do I think of the beach I said, my new beach is an outdoor funeral parlor? And here we are 24 years later and I can say we got the shadow of the date county is an outdoor insane asylum. There is no question about it. There is nothing rational that goes on here. There is graft involved in everything from the roads to the airports to education to you name it. Everything. Nothing at all. It's done in the day county without payoffs and graft. Nothing. And once in a blue moon like to hear all comes along we had big investigative report. A year to many, too, many, two years, too long and too late. But nevertheless a good job on the airport. Anything changed? Oh no. No, we got the Fox starting the chicken group now. Mayor Phinga Pekinga, all of whose buddies you got all the contracts in there. He's a plenty of blue ribbon panel now. They got to investigate. They got the Fox is standing right outside the garden the chicken group to make sure we don't let any illegal aliens in. So good luck to you, you live in day county. Let me say it again. Result yesterday's pool. At a big result, 762 votes have an early lot of strong feeling about day county. 430 people said it was a banana republic. 104 people said it was a toilet. 28 people said a great place to live. 3.5%. So in other words, 96.5% said it's either a toilet or a banana republic or both. Which I would say. Absolutely correct. Amen. You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 560 WTAM Miami Fort Latterdale. Yes. Yes. On one end of the talk, we'll talk about, about lawyers and go to the concoction out of here. About one. Biggest cars and boats. We're talking about bridges over the crossway, not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any of my friends. Okay. Yes. On the crossway. 50. But you're regulated by the United Corps of Engineering. No. Well, it is all bridges over Navigable Waterway. If I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking, sir. But, sir. I said if I knew the answer to the question that wouldn't have asked it in the first place. Okay. Well, all I'm saying is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over Navigable Waterways. Yes, sir. Okay. So it's up to them to decide what time the bridge should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes. And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir? I'm telling you that they come up with the times. Well, what is the time? I'm relieved that what hour times, sir. That they are not open to marine traffic. Other than that, they are open to marine traffic. So, in other words, any slope of the boat can come along and back up traffic with the car? I'm so weak, correct sir. Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crackers is that? That is not a communist bunch of facts. Sounds like I've had a vandre called the communist party picker. But five people are going to be a one boat. Right. Exactly. I'm about to start the five thousand cars. Got it? No, I think that's fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jack-engine as boat. I think that's what they ought to do. And you better know your law is listed because you're a dog. That's right. I can vote you want the damn bridges closed. So, both are thick and hard. I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed. I want the bridge tended to go home and watch the MTV and get that out of our lives. I want those bridges closed. Let them use the Julia tunnel. Okay? You know what I'm using to talk about? I think they all got a George Washington bridge and jump all of our bridges tenders. I think they like that, sir. Well, I don't know about you, but you sound like some stupid idiotic guy. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. The way does this give me the same. Not till they fetch your bread. I'm not a baby. I finally turned a day on you. And I'm going to be glad, yes. Honey, all you wanted to do is me. Not a baby. But I'm really hot. Well, we're pretty close. I'm not sincere. I need to be. And I'm a stupid man. Where you're going to be? Where you're going to be? When you think of what you do to me. Remember that I'm legal baby. That's no fun. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. I'm not a baby. Girls, I'll with girls. And we'll celebrate. Let's climb. Right up the crow's nest. Drop anchor with me. On the old poop deck. You'll love the Gave Boats. Soon we'll be making another run. The Gave Boats. Promise us that the pebble's a fun. Oh, you can be gill again. I'll be the skipper. Ahoy. Hi, little buddy. The thing is the place you should go. If you stay on deck. I'd like to go below. You'll love the Gave Boats. Welcome aboard the Gave Boats. Out. Gave Boats. Gave Boats. Gave Boats. Trying to do the macho. Your boy smells just like a sanded ear of the girl. I live her for a two-shill. What else are you? Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Talkin' like a baby. Do these a little driving? Like a few answers, man. You don't tell my government. Reboost the rubble, man. That joke. Your throat. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Your lovely madness doesn't tell. Tell me. Tell me. You don't belong there on the air. And tell me. Those four can wait till your boy's crack. Of anyone who sounds like that should find another job. And say you should only change you back when both your babies drop. How can we? Tell me. When you're gonna grow up, you think that you want to grow up. You silly, silly, fool. Go to broadcasting school. Your pretty, you best, boy. Make you sound like a pie. You're a pie. You're a pie. You're a pie. You're a pie. You're a pie. From our huge state of the art facilities, somewhere in the Bible Belt, where no one seems to wonder where we get all the money for the gold in late-ported year. It's the 4700 Club of the. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Hello. I'm Herbert Padrovich. And I'm the woman who knows and agree with everything. That's right. She sure is. It's a great. All right. Now, I want everyone to get out of your holy wall street journal and open up to the stock quotes page. Well, be to get. If you're on, we're going to www.fortunes700 Club.com. And sign up for our low-cost stock ticket. Prayed the Lord. It has really changed my life. Hey, man. Hey, man. Okay. Today at the Fortune 700 Club. Now, we're going to take a look at the company called Visicum. It's VZ on the NYSE. Hmm. Now, if you look here, Visicum just rose three and a quarter. My goodness. It's a sign that God must really, really love them. I'm not going to agree with you. I'm sure that you noticed if it's other company. Night at the deck on the other hand. Down. Well, sounds like maybe they're trading with a devil. Hey, man. Satan's work is definitely being seen here. Also, if you have that stock, you're going to have. Or at least your portfolio is. I may. I may. I may. Well, friends, we've reached this all important in very serious time in the Fortune 700 Club. When we all join hands, let's all join hands and bow our heads in prayer. Dear Lord, let the investors who lost their way. Find the path to financial prosperity by being more mindful of online trades for just a small monthly fee at www.Fourchid700 Club. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know, I feel spiritually and financially right now. Amen. Amen. Well, good luck for just about another time here. Yes, we are. But now, you folks out there, use members. It is never too late to become a trading partner in the Fortune 700. Amen. Twenty four seven. Our investment counselors are ready to help pray for your star. Amen. Let it go, advice. Not be sure to join us tomorrow on this Fortune 700 Club. And we'll pray for Disney's growing second quarter profit to perform. Take care of the God bless tomorrow's Nasdaq. Amen. Amen. Amen. Pray to Lord. And here's another obnoxious facts. Only this one is unsigned and with a couple of lines crossed out and like really almost two obnoxious to acknowledge. But I will anyway, just briefly. It says, for those who say, my name is dying, please address them with the following property values in my and continues skyrocket far above the national averages. Property levels in my and your concentrated among African Americans and non-cubans. Are you following that? In other words, there's no property in Little Havana. Is that what this person is suggesting to us that there are no slippers in Little Havana or any of the parts of date. And then he goes on about the economy and this and that and the great entrepreneurial accomplishments of Cuba is not a little slap in your face how much is what we've done here. And very ironic because he says, my name is the number one TV media and musical center for Latin America. With most major Latin music videos and songs produced in my and the most Latin TV programs are also produced in my most acubed on. Isn't that ironic that we couldn't have the Latin Grammys here because of the same reason that most people who live here and spend a lot of time here are nauseated and revolting and said the things we've been saying and we'll continue to say. And a big song that ends about the airport is this and by the way, I hate to break the news to you about my and the airport number two in the world for international passengers and freight. The fact is that most of those passengers don't spend time or any money in my and me or anywhere in date counts. Hate to break the news to you. Just another one of these arrogant, oh look at what we've done and you know something fine more power to you. But that still doesn't give you the right to dictate the way we run our guide then the lives. We're trying to rationalize and unacceptable kind of behavior and you know something you're never going to sell it to this kid or anybody with a brain. Oh look what we've done great well packing guy then sandwich great patch on a back now what what do you want to do for non core. Here's a call in Kendall hello. How you doing now okay once again you're the only breath for a share and you know just give me some access. Correct. Yes right you're the only one who at the when we had the one penny sales tax issue was nothing out instead of the hell. But let me get sort of one point last night MSNBC Mr. Levy from the Cuban defense league. I mentioned that the you know the Gonzalez family they're using the kid at a using the kids strictly as their own personal lottery ticket. But everyone seems to forget over to the radio stations about three weeks ago around a big fundraising thing where a couple hundred thousand dollars was raised. It was put in the bank of marry a leiso where she works. There is a lazy and see how where is this money. I don't know. What he brought it up to the other person some other woman was there defending it. She got real hot and bothered that they should bring up where this money was. What happened is two hundred thousand dollars. It's probably the same place that that other twenty five hundred bucks from our OJ golfs are meant when they were supposed to go to center one. Yeah. It seems to be no accounting for that money. Right. All that money the people gave where is it going. I'm going into pockets of all these jewelaires I would think. Right. One thing on a funny note and we get something else just for real quick second. My business associate Barry says that he wants to know if this kid's going to be here for pay. Okay. And have a great day. Well I can say that is. Oh. I have I have. I have. I have. Found five sixty on a AT and T line the out of town line is open of there's anybody in the free world out there is interested and participating this exercise in total and utter futility. Get it over with let's get on with it. Get it over with. Now. Janet, quit the potchking around. Get on with it. And let's start to ball game. Okay. Let's get on with the important things. Here's a couple of red. So I'll miss a Gonzalez. He says that most of you colors are behind losing from power, right? And I've been watching the, I've seen cut the rage Miami. I've been saying at least 60% of the calls today the right day, County. Well, for easy information, I'm curious when it from date. Yeah. And because of this, also to actually this, I've been in Miami right now. I'm in shame of it in both counts. Okay. This guy is such an idiot. I'm out of my theorem now. Okay. How did it? Yeah, he's playing with it. 567, who would give one of those two? World wide line, four buyers. There's sitting over there. The yuck up is through our mallos, Yahoo's over there. It's one of those rare times that you can say that we're proud to be in four buyers and in Port Charlotte and in the Naples, et cetera. If I were you over there in Naples, that would be too proud. You got the bees leads to deal with. Here's Pembroke Pian, Tilla. Yeah, Pembroke Pian. Yes, sir. Yeah, I talk to Neil. Speaking. Oh, speaking. Yeah, Neil, I like it. It recited a scunzallous person that roots you back. Has the man's first? First of all, the only way to government can then that stand off is just cut off the food stands and the SSI checks through people that are demonstrating in front of that house. And you see how fast I line with window to nothing. Yeah. And that'll go to Jackson Memorial Hospital and check on how much money the cutons are cost in the United States government and the taxpayers and date county for the cost of a Jackson Memorial Hospital going to the whole for millions and millions of dollars. And all of that has made Mr. Gonzalez's mama up. Pizza. OK. She'll be on in a few minutes with us, by the way. Lots of the one thing he said it was right. Right. Yeah, I had no idea what he's talking about. I mean, you know, he just another one out there. What do I tell you? Chronicle voice that I've been listening to for 24 years, babbling a bunch of crap. Your listenings to the effects of Neil Rogers on 5.60 QAF. The phone for South Florida Sports. The 6.00. Radio 560. QAF. You. Yeah. The. Is. No. Back to the meal Rogers program on 12th April of the U.D. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Four that. A I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of a American. Have a nice life, bro. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Samarion? Yes. Neil. Neil. Neil, you're a stinky pink on glutton if I'm bad, water at a pantry. Hey, call. This is the day to all five. Do you do say pantry? Don't you get off? You're a mung bean. I want my bike to an amount every Saturday to the ratio. And this guy called me named Sima. He's a shame on you. But we have received some of those bad boys at the Rampie. You know what I'm talking about, Ed? This is my time. I'm really, I'm looking at this in the world and they're sitting in here with me. Hey. Second, my daughter. Sima, can't have a hug. How do you know? You're used to being such a nice boy. Come out of your flat tail, Robo. Yeah, but you can't hear it out. You can't hear me now. Hey, I'm not eating. It's office from other stations. I'll give you a lot of fun doing it. But instead, I say, yeah, everything you go check. Steps here and you're back. Unbelievable. To need the hell out. Oh, is this new Rogers? What kind of son are you on, sir? How's that again? Do you have a dial phone? Oh, wow. No, I had to put it to the operator. Who's listening? What's the game to watch? Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds. I'm WDKBW last night. Somebody asked me. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't anybody. He's a daughter in a little man. The clowns is only 40. Yeah, right. Joey needs two. Oh, just shut it. And get the set. And if you think he's bad now, it's all he has to do. Oh, well, okay, let me come back. Maybe the angle come out of this shell. But I have no time. If someone who likes to listen to the radio, then don't board CDs as a brand new offer that's so exclusive, we're only offering it to the general public. It's top 40 on the tambourine. Yes, can I hold your favorite top 42 with the focus and instruments stripped out. So you hear only an auxiliary percussion instrument that most people find really unnecessary to begin with, including songs like smooth from Santana featuring Rob Thomas. Meet Virginia by train. Then the morning comes by Smashmouth. Black balloon from the Google Dolls. Sugar raised some day. Hang it around by counting crows and many, many others. Order in the next 38 minutes, 14 seconds and force significantly more amount of money. We'll give you a second CD called today's hot pantry on the wooden block, featuring songs like Breathe from Faith Hill. Cowboy, take me away by Dixie Chicks. What do you say by Reba McIntyre? My best friend by Tim McGraw. So don't save your money for something important when you can carelessly squander on two CDs short of collect dust in the back of your collection for years to come with top 40 on the tambourine edge today's hot pantry on the wooden block. How many hundreds today? I think I could summarize that last fact that I was referring to it. Basically it was saying Miami wouldn't be Schmidt without the humans. And of course what it is today. Here's Miami. Hello. I believe that even though these leisure demonstrating, it's still a freedom of expression. And we did not invent that. It's been going on in this country forever. So regardless of whether or not. Let me say this to you sir. No, there's a difference between demonstrating and terrorizing, for example, the threats of disrupting everything that these people don't like. For example, the Latin Grammys or any of the other things that cannot take place here. Concerts with low spammen that hasn't been happening. That's what you're saying. You make a good point. In addition to which. It's running to disrupt the entire community because people don't always get their way is not what it demonstrates all about. It's not a question of getting your way. It's a question of reminding people. What is going on in that country? No, sir. No, but we don't want to be reminded. Okay, well, well aware what's going on. And I'm going to tell you, winning friends and influencing people. If you really expect us to believe that they're trying to get people on their side by disrupting the traffic and by dropping a gravel under roads and blocking the highways and disrupting people's lives. If that's the way to get somebody for their position, the needs people have got bad advice. They'll correct, yes, if there is a political agenda behind this, but it's a question of reminding people always. Sir, we're not interested in being reminded. Okay, we don't have Alzheimer's yet. Okay, go remind Ronnie Reagan. He's having trouble remembering what it's all about. We don't need to be reminded. We can't get away with it for a way from it for a lover money. We don't wish we could get away from it. And the, the bottom line is when you come here, I don't see any Irish people carrying on and going nuts in the streets because they're killing each other or getting in Northern Ireland. And they just can't nail down that guy damn piece of remains. The Protestants and the Catholics, they keep protesting and killing and bombing in all the craves. Never ever going to end. I don't see it. I just don't see these things from any other groups anywhere in America. And stop making excuses. Will you please? All their reminders. We don't want to be reminded. We already know. Well, right on on the guy damn refrigerator. We'll pull out of those guy damn post at notes on a refrigerator. We don't need any more reminders. You're rationalizing. You're excusing. It is inexcusable. We are tired of it. This is a country of laws. On by the way, speaking of a country of laws. Here's a great editorial cartoon by Moran and Haroldus Morning. Show us a place with a big theater with a big sign new dancing, a big marquee live show Triple X. And right next to it, gunmarked USA. We blow away the competition easy fast background checks, Saturday night specials. And it says above which establishment does Supreme Court ban his way of combating crime and other negative secondary effects. That's right. Shoot them up, baby. But that kind of shooting, scorched, or no, we don't like that. Paced these nudges, ring, that's what's all about. That's what's going to save America from Steve Allen, all those other scene Alpharthe, that was on TV, yes, that was pathetic. I mean, he really is lost as marbles. With all those other right wing Republican congressmen. Oh, yeah, well there's too much violence to the sex and the word crap was on it. And they keep saying the word crap. They know that it's being on the going to be on the news. And they keep saying it. So just to remember, the reason all those little kids are shooting each other. Not because everybody's got guns is because people are saying crap too much. There's just too much crap going around. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yep. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Well, I'm down here about 10 years from New York. I'm 26 years old. Yes, sir. And I was at Ida non Hispanic male. Yeah, non Hispanic. Okay. And also I called Mayor the other day. Yes. Yesterday because I was picked out your website. I listened to all the time. Mm-hm. But before I get to the mayor, I called you a little while back around the summer. I was in New York and I came back down here and I said, what am I doing here after I came back. Yeah. And I called you. I thought because I think this was one of the early on thing first started. But I've been here for 10 years. I worked at the Hill that I'm on my abitch. And my boss was Cuban and everything. And he said he didn't want white working there. And now I'm like, doing them. But that's just like, I'm so annoyed with what the way people are treated down here. And especially the way that the community, the Cuban community, is act towards everybody else. They're more important than anything else in this community. It is arrogant, obnoxious, unacceptable and ungrateful. That's the thing that Bob is made. When somebody gives you an opportunity, all the opportunities that Cuban divide here. And then the flat people and the faces say, hey, look what we've done. And how successful we are. We're going to have it our way. Now, that's not the way it's say rational people will react and respond. Well, I worked at the Hillton for five and a half years. And then my boss, he's Cuban, he told me, doesn't want white working there. And then he's a rat, he's a rat, he's a rat, he's been everything else. I'm doing it now. I mean, that's the problem with him. Okay, Neil is asking. But yeah, well, let me tell you about the mayor when I call them. This is even better. I spoke with a Miguel. Yeah. And next, you know, I call him, I said, yeah, I read your article in the paper in the Sun's Channel. And I told him, I said, I read it. And I'm a little disturbed by the comments that Mayor Ponella was made. That's him. I'm not a resident. They count me anymore. However, I do work there. So it does apply to me. I feel that my date. And what did he say? Oh, he says, oh, well, well, this is a very sensitive topic. And we're trying to do, and I said, well, why are you trying to do? I said, nothing to do with the county of date. I said, this is a federal United States matter. This is nothing to do with the county. Yeah, we're beginning. The county's got to tell him for a pause. Well, I know. And I told him, I said, the county's only at any of the cities that those mayors that were up there. There are only responsibilities in this entire matter, just to maintain order. And make sure that people are not getting caught in riot. Like, probably into a farting into a window or a man, that's the response you're going to get. Good luck, pal. All right, thank you. Okay. Yeah, they claimed they had 400 phone calls, which I'm disappointed that that's all they really got at the Mayor's office. And that's 60% were anti what he said. Now, that's very sad. That 40% could back him and could support. I don't buy that. Well, that's what they're saying. That's probably coming from your good friend. One, many, yet, probably coming from him. One of your people, of course. Here's a facts from Bill, a reference Mr. Gonzalez and that facts that I've read earlier. I haven't even read this yet, but I'll read it to the cold. It says, I've lived in South Florida my entire life. It's become apparent that I and others like me born as you a citizens of idly sat back and let you extremist cubana brethren take control of our local government. I'm ashamed of myself and all of their Americans have allowed this to happen. Your opinion, Mr. Gonzalez, is typical of the barbaric mentality. Those in your community have chosen to take. I'm not jealous of Cubans have become successful. I'm disgusted with the many of them with the way many of them have done so. Land-owned companies, rarely hire American employees with any of any ethnic group other than their own. Their custom or service over the years has gotten more and more discriminatory as the years pass. I can't walk into a shop on Southwest 8th Street without getting dirty looks and bad service. Every time your Cuban demonstrators block the streets or spit in the face of our democratic way of life, my stomach heaves. Your mentality is almost adolescent. If anyone should be mad at you, those of us who have spent our lives in this city and seen it slowly crumbling the Schmidt because of people like you. Last of all, and yet foremost, a warning. I'll be the first one to admit that those of us who have lived in this country from birth have slowly grown number of idioscbc gaining a foothold on our shores. But be prepared to battle a sleeping giant. It may take a lot for us to get off our ransom and get involved, but you're coming close. Ali on its unfortunate you got caught in the middle of a childish tug of war. We seem to all forget that the father and Cuba has gone through the loss of his wife, even if she was estranged at the time it's still a loss. The abduct of his son is not the kind of response one would have hoped for when an exalt community who fights for the oppression of their own people. You sell of your own success to get an army together with all your brave talk and patriotism. God, I'm sure, will help you help for your country. You may even see the visit of the Virgin Mary in the plume of smoke from the explosions in your vineyard rebellion. You're a pussy, and so is every Cuba who sits over here in the freedom of America eating more than their fair share by the looks of their fat asses says bill. I do like that. Both a little bit upset. It sounds like the meat. You know what I'm saying? Because a little bit pissed off and fired up. About their fat asses. I don't know. I see a lot of me go on have a fat ass. Wow, we keep coming back to him. I'll just happen to be handy, okay? Maybe he does have a fat ass. I don't know. I doubt it. It's all so sad, so juvenile, so devices, so heat filled, so such cram. Such garbage. Thank you Mayor Pinga Picania for your spectacular ballsy leadership, not for pandering to a very narrow constituency for being a professional ethnic as opposed to a dot man with vision and leadership. And all this swill in the paper about, well, Mike Abram says this and this political expert says that about this guy's political future. He's got no political future. Take it to the bank. See, one thing about this program, because even a lot may be an atheist, communist, the fact whatever it is, the fact is that when we take these surveys and we see like the presidential thing, people don't aren't going to support a Democrat strip because I'm on Democrat. We get all kinds of Bush people and we had the McCain people. We have a vast number of opinions among the people in this radio show. So it was opposed to taking a poll on the Spanish language stations, basically which 99% of the people are agreement and like I said before, they're preaching to the choir. You're actually going to get a hell of a lot more representative of cross section of opinions on this program than you are anywhere else in this community. And this is what you'd be wasting your time with the Spanish language stations trying to offer. You know what it's like, it's like when they had the administration down there at the INS when he ate the on thing when they had the first wave of his theory. And there were one or two guys who were down there, who would be with signs and he belongs back with his father and they cried, they were wanted to kill him. Yeah, and one guy is hysterical, communist, you're an epic communist. I never forget that, that guy would have green shirt, just psychotic. And then they had the thing at Sister Jeans House. And you remember that one force lab that came in her younger with his sign. And the cops said, you're better turn around and get your ass out of here because you may not walk out. See, that's not my idea of a peaceful demonstration. That's my idea of terrorism. And anybody who thinks that a date county doesn't exist under terrorist threat all the time is dreaming. Here's pepper pines. Hello. Any light doing? Okay. Good afternoon sir. Sir. But even a birthday. Wow, how about that? Yeah. I'm going to actually give you a little one. Thank you. If I could find one. Thanks a lot. Oh, my wife's listening to that golden red doll. She knows about a little one, don't they? Listen, about alien. Yeah. It's, I'm tired of it also. Oh, I'm a spandard. I was born in New York, but I was raised in Spain. And my family came out of Cuba through Spain. And I'm, I'm a Paul that, at all these old, old parts that are just like making a huge deal. They're hanging on to, to this issue because they're just desperate. It's been 40 years. And I understand their side. I understand it. But on the other hand, I understand the people that are calling in. Okay. And, and they're concerned, hey, the roads and all that. Listen, you know, get off the roads and get there on the way from the airport. That's right. And don't keep threatening to do this and that and the other. And then to have the politicians have the mayor stand up there and say, oh, well, we're not, we're not going to be responsible for what's going to happen because we want it because the federal government is provoking these people. And as if to somehow justify the different title to go ape crap if they can't get their way every time. It's, it's unacceptable. Anybody with a brain knows that this isn't a debatable point. Yeah. And politicians, you know, turn coach that they are always. Okay. Now you got Albert. You know, Mr. Al, Al, Al, Al, Al, Al, Al. What a joke. That is a very big joke because all he's doing is he's going for the Latin vote. And that's all he's doing. And he's not going to get it. He's not going to get it. All he's going to do is piss off non-lattens and then my costume is set of Florida. I bet you anything he went to above up before he did this and he said, listen, I'm coming out with this. Okay. You know, and it's just for the vote. Yeah. I don't have to come out. I'm going to be a friend. Yeah. A real pectal on that. And very, very okay. That's Bernie Fagboy. Bring him down here. He'll knock these bastards in the shape. Your listenings do the best of real Rogers on 560 QAM. He's a new up in this. Sports radio, 560 QAM. This Sunday on the soprano. So what? Do you know what? Hey, lowman. It's not my f***. It's just this. It comes the project. We'll take the lips over the tits. Couldle f***ing oop. You motherf***ing f***ing. You got a real f***ing attitude from. But you take me in a f***ing head. The words become blowing out your ass. Totally sure. I'm getting a joke. There's two things I'm good at. I'm just pulling pants. I spot them good. P*** jobs. I'm not able to wet my own ass. You know that. You're going to the f***ing head. I'm not babbling head. Can you just sh*** up without this? Speak it up your ass. I'm trying to f*** off. You just have under the vapor rise up. You're stupid motherf***ing oop. You f***ing piece of sh***. Oh, I have please. Don't start with that. The same test. What the f*** is your problem? What the f***ing oop. It's with the pole. I bet you are very good to your mother. F***ing. F***ing one. F***ing oop. You f***ing oop. You f***ing oop. I'm f***ing there. It's nothing but a rag. It's a joke. Yes, guys. How you doing? No, thing. It's your mother God. I can't. It's got cholesterol. Can I just get some microwave and f***ing oop. You f***ing oop. You f***ing me. I don't like that kind of talk. Everybody else want to melt off? F***ing piece. I'm going to bokeh. I got a couple of overlaps. I've been trying to get through here. They're also the last practices. Oh, this is probably great for your ratings too. You ought to be grateful to Ali on all this stuff. Yeah. Like I invented this. Isn't the amazing high managed to manipulate all the stuff that's going on around me. And we can exploit it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Believe me, I'd be the first one to squeeze myself feverishly. If this was just all go away. One way or the other, just bring it to a conclusion. Let's go on with life. Believe me. Oh, but we got a ramyu. I don't want to remind you. Okay. Like I said, we'll put a posted note on a refrigerator. Here's the game. I'll tell you. Yes. Who's Neil? Yes, man. Hi, Neil. This is a fast-time current from Core Gables. The reason why I was calling was because I feel like you have a lot of control about the issues that are talked and you're showing. And I'm just curious of why you just don't press the Reef button and everybody that calls in. And you want to talk about the Cubans and the other thing. I think that you enjoy this conversation because this is what gives you ratings. No, I talked about whatever is going on. I've always done that. Whether it's a problem. Well, you always do your office. Whether it's a thing. Whether it's a thing. We're going to have a conversation. Just want to make a speech. Go ahead. Whether it was a penny sales tax, which had nothing to do with Cubans that the mayor tried to impose on day county. Whatever else is going on. That's what I've been doing for 24 years. I didn't invent the topic. Well, maybe I heard I heard wrong when you were saying that you were sick of having to talk about the topic. You don't have to talk about it. You have a lot of control for you show. And I think that you have a lot of strong. And why would you like me not to talk about it? Because you don't like what I'm saying. Is that it? No, because you're the one that's complaining. I'm fine. I can hear what you're saying. And I can disagree. You have very strong points. Yeah. And the reason why your strong points don't come out correctly is because you have a lot of anger and hatred against certain ethnic groups. No, no, I do not. Oh, I think you do. No, I do not. Well, that's why we have, you know, you have European and my wife. I don't think. This is an opinion. You're describing certain attitudes to me that don't exist. I don't think my opinion. I don't care what you're opinion is. I don't deal with groups. I deal with people as individuals. I've always said that. I don't give a damn what kind of people. Everybody that calls in and you they give into your you treat them like puppets. You give them what they want to hear. And what they want to hear. You're my treat and you're like a puppet. I'm listening to what you have to say. You're not treating me like a puppet because I am against what you're But obviously, I have come out of the house. How come I didn't cut you off. How long I'm not being heard? How come I didn't cut you off? I have a lot of anger. And you need fairer. Okay, I have a I need there. Well, here we go. We need therapy and you have a lot of anger. That's why she would like me to stop talking about it because I'm not singing to write to them. Too bad sweetheart. You can't handle the truth, Kenya. Emotional cripple. Maybe you're the one who needs therapy. Oh yeah, you hate these ethnic groups, you know, follow better. You know something sweetheart, you just don't care that you're another one of these brainwashed idiots. I don't care whether you're Cuban, Nicaraguan, Portuguese. I don't. It doesn't give up. I mean anything to me. I've been all over the world. And like my mother would say, and it's one of the few things that she's ever said that makes any sense. People are people. That's it. All you kids out there. People are people. Doesn't make a goddamn bit of difference. Choose and go. And then Jay and straight all of a sudden crap like I've told you as Vinny and times if you listen to this show. And obviously she does even know it pains her tremendously. Labels suck. Labels suck. And like what we're doing these polls like we do today with the ethnic thing on our website. And it just not a curiosity. Just to see what we have listening out there. Which of course, kind of then you then you look at that and you match it up to the opinion. You're hearing it gives you a little bit of a better idea. I just don't care. It's one of the last things that ever comes to mind if I meet somebody. What country are you from? Where were your parents born? What is your ethnic background? What the hell do I care? What kind of fairy tales do you believe in? I'm the one that's bitter. But I need therapy. Here's the girl. Hello. Yes. This is one of the dollars I spent to the fact earlier this morning. Yes. Totally unacceptable. Well, let me tell you for a minute. I read your fact in its entirety. Now you're calling in on top of it. No, I'm not going to talk about the fact itself. Yeah. Okay. But that's not to pull with you talking about the fact. I mean, the facts went on for like two or three minutes. And now you're calling in as well as if I didn't give you enough airtime. But go ahead. Well, first of all, the reason I said, first of all, the fact. The only thing that the fact contained was just some favorable comments about humans. That's all it was. It wasn't condoning the protest. But what does that have to do with the reminds me of? It's like every time it's like this Jewish defense thing. Every time somebody writes something anti-Semitic, we have to write about all the Einstein's It. This. Let me tell you why I finished this statement. Please. Yes. I don't subscribe to that kind of paranoia. That kind of defensive attitude about your religion or whatever it is. And it's unnecessary. Okay. Maybe it is. Maybe it has nothing to do with the issue. Okay. Maybe it is with you. Okay. Listen to your show. I've been listening to your show for years. I'm going to continue listening to your show. It's very entertaining. Yeah. And it's a damn good show. Yes. It is. Okay. And despite of what that bitch said before, yes. Yeah. Well, the plot of the human community listening to. The reason I sent that fact, which is caused by eight of callers to call you on that. Why do you have a lot of response at least? Yes. They've got a lot of response. And the reason why he got a lot of response was because I was just pointing out some good things about cuters. But forget about that. No, but you didn't. You didn't do it in a very reasonable way. They came up out. Very irredextive word. Let me tell you something. And I just want to say something to all the callers about their. I am as American as American could be. But anyhow, the reason I sent the fact was because I was outraged at some of the things were called or say. To me, some of your callers are as it's found at least sound as it's streamers as the same people they're criticizing. They call Cubans, praises, morons, barbarians, send them back to Cuba all sorts of things. Well, because they're on a tough job. They're on a tough job. They're on their angry and they're pissed off. They're angry and they're pissed off. I understand. But just because you're angry and unacceptable, you say just because the Cuban eggs are angry and unacceptable doesn't mean they have to get their way in protest. Well, just because some of your callers are angry and unacceptable doesn't mean they shouldn't. They say some of the stuff that they say that's outrageous. Yeah. Because you know, they're in fact, I think that they're very. I think you're going to remember. You know, something. My grandmother was a very nice person, but she, well, I could have said she was crazy as a bed bug. She used to stand in front of the candles on Friday night. If I were with a fellow, but all that stuff, she was also religious superstitious not. You know, you know, a lot of the comments that are being are very big in its comments. They really are. Because this kind of stuff, this business of trying to continually rub people's noses and this and terrorize the community, this is what it does. I ought to then consider the creation enormous friction that's taken in hatred. Two wrongs don't make a right. That's correct. Okay. And I just want to let you know that you know, Cubans don't burn the American flags. They don't serve us. Sure. Cubans don't do anything anymore than Jews do anything. Let me say it again. People are people. I'm sure that there were you could find a Cuban who is burned in American flag. I could find a Jew who's burned in American flags. I'm sorry, that's our daily speak. So what does that mean? Okay. What does that mean? A lot of people. Can't convince them, how can we see so many of these damned Cuban flags every time we see these Pro-China. That's not the flag of this country. That's a flag of a Communist country. Let me one more minute. I'll explain it to you. Okay. Are you willing to listen to me? Okay. First of all, if you're watching this on TV, you think the Cubans are protesting our anti-American. That is as far from the truth as can be. Cubans love this car. Why are they waving the cube? Why are they waving? All you're doing is give me a recap for an end is column again. Why are they waving the flag of a communist country in our country? Okay, because they hope to bring attention not to the US but to the Cuban issue. And they hope that by waving the Cuban flag is its broadcasted in Cuba. Oh, it's a big stretch. I don't agree. I don't think it's a big stretch. You know what I'm saying? I just like to guide a call maybe before the young guy said we have to try to keep reminding. We have to get something we don't need any reminders. My friend would have a great day. We already know. Believe me. Nobody who lives here can get away from it for five seconds. You go to the toilet. There it is. There's Fidel looking right back in the face. Think it's the tidy bull man. It's Fidel. Schmidt head. Oh, God. George listening to the festive meal Rogers on 5.6.2.A.M. Sports at KCO's WQ. Yeah. Another bit. He's been very little keepo watching mom and dad. He's been through the keepo. I'm not finally ever had. Mom and dad were playing pegs by fair on the bed. Mommy and you start bobbie. As a pillow board daddy 10. Mommy 10 was bobbin. She almost got whipped rash. I don't know what she was drink but you got a noop muster. She's been through the keepo. I'm sure what I see. But I sure do like you more than anything on TV. Mom and dad were hooked together like my Lincoln wand. What a fun night. What something like that? Mom wants the electric door. Dad wants breathing. Honey. Mom was on her knees. Mom said, how do I pull bobbie? I'll see you just somewhere. He's been through the keepo. Watching mom and dad. He's been through the keepo. The most we ever had. When we watched those little longer. A nice party to get sick. Yeah. If daddy's name is Helbert. One mom asked for a ditch. Daddy's grown in his eyes. Go back. Mommy, what did more? She's going back on top of him but oh he did was snore. Okay. He's been through the keepo. I don't have any pets. I can't wait to try to get on the girl in my class. Well, I can't wait to try to get on the girl in my class. Oh. Governor Clark Capriga in 730 Ottawa Senators in the Panthers. 5,000 unsold seats. Gotta be there. No. I'll be there. I'm not going to meet the hockey games and I meet them for the first time. People I've never seen before or I maybe saw like six months ago. They don't say hi to you. I'm human. I'm a Puerto Rican or I'm a Jewish. What's all the while here? It's like Jacob when he came down there to shake my hand the other day. Do I care where he's from? No. No. I just hope he comes back soon. Here's Kendall. Hello. Okay. I had to board that area. Fantastic. Oh, I'm sorry. That's okay. You have no idea how sorry. Oh, what a place. The comment that I just want to make real cool act here and let you go because I know you're going to be leaving pretty soon. There was something in the paper that disturbed me. I'm going to be leaving pretty soon. I got to get out of here. I got to go to South Miami. Okay. Okay. But there's something that disturbed me very, very, very much in the paper this morning. And that is a picture of a man holding a two and a half year old boy that was snatched from his mother and taken back to Jordan. Where were the Cuban people for this? They don't hear about that. Why not? She's Puerto Ricans. Yeah. I'll then even now the more reason then. Okay. Where were they? What is this hypocrisy here? Yeah. If the Miami date police department went in there and helped and then I can help with the Ilian thing. I think there's a big problem here. Yeah. And that guy who just called up and sent you that facts. They tried to say that he is American as American, whatever. And all he said was things called Cuban. Then I said, yes, you should go back. And that is still a communist flag. Okay. And everything. Here's a fact. Ross, a proud law by the American. Factors and says mayor Alex Pinga Picania. How dare you pretend to represent a county in the United States and a panoramic of the lawlessness of your Cuban cronies. In case you haven't noticed, we have laws in this country. We are a country of laws that must be obeyed even if we don't like the outcome. I'll always remember that you and your Cuban people are living in my country, not the other way around. You say you will hold my present responsible for any civil unrest when the blame goes to all Cubans who chose to leave Cuba as opposed to fighting your territory in your country as my forefathers did here in this country. Ilian has not been sent back to Cuba. He's been sent back to his father who happens to live in a country that you and on your compatriots fled while tripping over each other to get here. You should thank God and kiss the ground of the US everyday you live here. My grandfather fought in WWE 1. My dad fought in WWE 2. And I faithfully served my country to the freedom that you've done nothing to enjoy. You make me ashamed to afford it for you but never again. His loss was last name. I said, I was going to Ross. Stick it to him at Mayor Pinga Picania. You got a lot more than 400 phone calls over there and facts, etc. It's on our website by the way on NeilRodgis.com. He asked out of all on there would be the email address and the phone number for Mayor Pinga Picania's office, etc. His office. Oh yeah, well we only had five calls and of course four of the five were very enthusiastic supportive of us. They also said, Viva, Mayor Picania. Oh God. And at one page in the here over there right there where they're trying to rationalize about his political future and about all the great publicity he's getting. Yada Yada, it's mind about scary terrifying. Here's sunrise along. Some rise. Going once. Yes sir. Thank you. Speak to me. Yes, I do. Yes. We need to go to the program. Thank you. State. So, yes today's paper. Where the father of Ilion would be coming probably Washington. He's coming. And it's so that he might be bringing a lot of Ilion's little friends from his school. And I just wanted to say that the parents of those children from Cuba will never see them again. Well, they should be very, very cautious because if any of those children who come here will have a distant relative or a great great grandmother living in here's someplace that battery of attorneys that Ilion's family has will probably file for residency for all those children. And we're going to have another 10 or 15. Ilion's more to contend. Well, lots of the, lots of the relatives are all of it in Jersey. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Cuban American here. All right. And various DiTalbo's going on. And various, but I must say, I don't agree with him going back to. Yeah. All of you in title. You could look at it. You can make an argument either way. You know, I don't want to think to say to the human state of the road, man. Yeah, the road. Yeah. Take it out of the way from the airport. Exactly. And the Port of Miami because I work in exports. Stay away from the airport unless you get on a plane out going. You know, they're American to all of everybody. They're going to the wrong way. Right. But the kids should not go back. I don't know. You know, I don't know what else to say. But I don't think you should that police is a sh**. Okay. All right. Can you hear? Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Paggy. You hasn't seen the parts of the little of Analy at the either, I guess. Here's a Pompano. Hello. Pompano. Yes sir. Okay. You're. I know. I'm sorry. Okay. We're always having to apologize because the phone's never worked. But anyway. Sir. Yes it is. Oh, I'm sorry. First time I call you. I'm an American and you fetch a Mexican calls today. And you fetching very excellent facts. And then I have to agree with most of my trip from my own. I was taken as follows. I'm over the one that I didn't understand. What I don't understand is nobody see it to bring up the matter of how do we impeach the mayor. Shooting up the accountable for his action and for what he said. I know it's in the climate. I'm sorry. You're. I was my first reaction and I agree. Wholeheartedly he ought to be impeached or recalled. But you know, it takes somebody who lives in date County. It takes somebody like a Dan Paul or somebody who's got some illegal and political cloud to organize, you know, a petition drive. And I just don't see it happening because you have an 81 year old woman who should have against the California and borrowed county. And I don't understand why your system, why your own government can bring some against it on, you know, on the basis of the suit. Right. I mean, his actions and our, our totally out American, they're ordering on what I consider to be treated. There's a reasonable. Yeah. I agree. And the same laws that protect the only end of the Zollis, which is not entitled to, aren't protecting me because I can't go to big county now because I feel that I'm losing my silver rights. And like I said, you know, it's 12 more than half of those mayors that who he claimed were all on his side this morning and yesterday made sure that they distance themselves by a million miles from him. And he humiliated. So is there anything that can do the power county citizens in the health and for seeing it? No, if I'll find somebody in date County, you must know somebody in date County, you know, is a lawyer or some rabble browser in date County and put a bug in your ear. Okay. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. And you have my support. I guarantee you that you'll have my 5,000 percent support. Even if I live I have work in date County. I got to write to have an opinion. And like I said, I go to the airport a lot and use it very, very much. And I guarantee you, it's wind up spending even just for magazines in the candy and crap at the airport. Spend more money than most of those goddamn green tooth assholes ever world in the lifetime at MIA. Even if it is all going in the mirror's back pocket. Not that this corruption you understand, the international, the best house in date County. You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 566-U-A-L.