I'm your show on 5.6 feet 2AF. They're talking to me. All 5.6. I'm 6. I'm 6. Clothing and David Rower. Or? How 5.6ing on yourself? The opinions of the oldest guest in colors. And that necessarily represents those of the beastly blood test crew. It's staffed. Advertisers are waiting to see you now. Here's Neal Roger on 5.6E 2AF. Justranphia. The entire test flow that gets around. No story's 모�ülmeus. Blood harder than god. Day sailor weapons. mortist drill or hull.準備 to pack of fish. A couple megaton down here right there. In the Gulf of Rome, there in the half of the world. I think it's time to give this girl a little more. So it's time to go those people and so on and right. I'll be around. So that's nothing that's seen. I'll be around. Don't say that I'm 60. I'll be around. So I'll be around. And then say it's time to go. Thank you for the sake of the people. I love the people. You will have to live there. We're going to be with you. You're coming to the state of the world. I'll be around. We're going to be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. Who's all this up again? I'll be around. I'll be around. You and me. I'll be around. Oh, I'll be around. Okay. Okay. This is so simple. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. It's 10. 35. 50. I'm happy to see you. So here's yesterday's pool question. The biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today is. I'll be full. They had the few thousand family march yesterday. Well, it shows here that you're pushing the last time. They stopped making estimates of the crowd because it got people pissed off. They said we have a million and they said no, you don't. You don't have a million anyway. You had like 400,000. Did they have 400,000 yesterday? No. 400,000? No. Did we're four people there? No. They had a smattering. Pends of thousands is what it was. I still don't understand. We'll be generally speaking. I'm going to shoot a must-be some black people like J.C. Watt in America. We've got some money. But not too many. It's black. If you think there's just a coincidence there. Oh, I don't. I think there's something for you in about that. The fact that the April is black. Everybody play billiards. How can I don't hear you say true about it? Or because somebody turned around. They're picking around with a board in there. Somebody's picking around with a equipment in this guy. They're pushing in. God damn it. That's what we really care. But it's something. I want to say a special hi to Jees Louise my therapist. I'm sure he's not listening all over the house. Maybe. My therapist went for my first therapy yesterday for my hand. And it's still there. You know, people keep asking me, well, how's your hand? I hold it up. I said, still there. I mean, how do you expect a bit? And then Peter Leonard is in here this morning at Vosal. Oh, gee. I don't like the way that looks. It's still at Swell. I want to question still Swell. What the hell do you want? Talk to your Leonard. Everybody here's a doctor. It's going down. It's going to be a great time. These things all will pass. Then they hook up all that neat stuff to your hand and they're sending electrical charge to there. Then they hook it up here. And it's really exciting. Well, speaking of that. At the risk of talking about something that nobody noticed cares about. But I just mentioned this in passing. Considered by is concerned about athletes with illnesses and injuries and stuff like that. Um, not about barriers. You know, those three of you are hockey fans. They're a screen growing and head lead the game. I'm sorry, not in middle of that game. Well, in any way, to make a long story, sure, The good news, according to article by David J. Schroer when the paper this morning says, He's feeling lost better. So the thing, especially after going for my therapy yesterday, the thing that I found very interesting and Dave, the cops, you're chronic in your opinion and he asks, we heard you at the end of the voice team. They're get out of here. Take your cardinals and get out of the town. How they do it, by the way. The Panthers had Saturday off, really stretched and received treatment with team physical therapists, Mary Ann town on Sunday. Now he says, I think it'll be fine. So whatever Mary Ann did to pop those growing, because I want to provide therapy. I said, in chief of mirrors some stuff on the hand and she, squeezes it and runs it and before they do, hook up all the other machines and stuff. They squeeze it and they rub it and they squeeze it. And so, yeah, I went at the paper this morning and I started thinking to myself what the other they do. When you have an injured growing like that, what's the therapy that it must die if there's a person would do? I'll find it in here, sir. Yeah, there you go, thank you. See that too, is my hand is not to stuff anymore, I could use it. It's a little bit slow. It's coming back. It's coming and they hand to a little more therapy. So that takes care of that about the, I also before I get into the thing about the Apollo, the Blacks. And it has nothing to do with his race, but this thing about Alonza morning, I mean, talk about a story just overblown. I know we had to people yesterday upset that I played that exercise music in the background, which had nothing to do with him or this respect for his illness. It had to do with the fact that the press conference was ponderous, unnecessary, and ludicrous. The fact that we had to hear about this doctor, where he was from, who he's married to, what his kids names are, what do you have to prepare for this yesterday morning? What they ate at the Pickle Bill in Toronto with the 1000 followers that they're going to take it up all the whole day, over the weekend, as opposed to just pulling it right in perspective, he's got this illness, it's serious, they're treating it, he's going to miss it, at least the year. That's it. Could have been said, we're going to just say it in 15 seconds. And talk about rubbing salt in the womb. He was singled out this fat little puddlebacker with single outfire lines on the morning yesterday in his remarks for being such a piece of crap, which he is. Mr. Story consistently, he was the one person this town, as usual, totally had a story wrong. Oh, and so tell this friend he's going to play as, as recently as yesterday morning, just hours before the press conference, very jackass gets the story wrong. What's supposed to be a real newspaper, the money he held for what's supposed to be a real city, which is not, and even gets him throw a little cross that comment about the fact that he wouldn't sit back and wait like everybody else, for the real information, but was pushing and putting crap in the paper really. So as to be worth forgetting the story wrong again yesterday and getting bitched out, just who writes the flood page story with all of the pictures here. You got it very jackass! See, what's the thing about the hero? They may not be good, but at least they're consistent, they're consistently full of bad crap. I'm telling you, man, if you could better order money on this, if there's anybody in this town that's got naked pictures, besides screw-and-middish and the water not to be, but if there's anybody else with naked pictures, they'll eat jackass is the one. Maybe he'll show him to you. Maybe mommy'll drive him over to your house and he'll actually show him to you. I'm an assay to 10 at 5, 60, how about that zero off baby, 775? There's that smother head on there. Need a good shave, bath. You slid it to neck. Also got that right, George is working there. I've been in that same bag because he likes the heroine. He likes the one we had. A lot. Yep, even the Jews. Give them back their land baby, give them back their land. Come on. I hear the rumor is that all the Jews are moving out of his rear, they're moving to Brooklyn. That's what I'm hearing. What does that start? This weekend. No question of disorder. May we Victory should have expressed good information, a job of merchants who can whatsoever. There's, yeah. They are very cheap to power families. All over. Oh, you're such a watch made that we're so Johnny. So, I'm going to reveal that P<|bn|> has them Bought American purse and 300 여덟ins have problem. I think we speak with people who are who. Why we try to have a gun on and on? You don't do much good damage. No. No. Don't try to get down and down the square. It's both reading challenge on. Let's get to you with the four of mine. And now we're getting wrong. Yeah. Why can't you rarite this? Why can't you rarick this? Why can't you raruh itli dosicone pariposUglue through toughest zombie alley dóliui I look that is WhiteHA I know 10.4.5.6. The WQM judges are going to be doing a couple hours in the middle of the show today about the Apollo stadiums and what wonderful people they are and how they had their homeland stolen and how we ought to be very soon to better them even though they do snow that all these Arab terrorists keep blowing up people including US soldiers all over the world but nevertheless isn't it Jewish Osada Ben Laden is the A.O. Oh, oh. In a randomly speech fairer context on violence in the Middle East the presidential race welfare reform and poverty known primarily for his condemnation of Jews. Oh, and his fiery rhetoric of self-help for black. The nation of Islam minister called for everyone in the world to look beyond race and unite his one peoples. At one point he offered a metaphor for racial diversity. What is more beautiful than a volcano flower is different colors but growing out of a commoner of needing a common water going into a common atmosphere he be action. Who would be stupid enough to say a rose is better than an orchid he said? How do you like that? Who is the... Is it what you give me? It looks like that. Is it rose better than an orchid? That's a good poll question. What do you like better? A rose or an orchid? Which smells better? I like orchid but a Lewis Pericon or the Palustinians which one smells better? Orcadoo better? Then roses? roses have those. Pursers? Pursers? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I prefer the rose. So anyway, we didn't really have much of a big crown for that. Yes, and the point I was trying to make before I saw a word we interrupted myself was probably the reason for that is most people are trying to eat out a living and have decided that they don't want to come there and give their two or three bucks a pop for a little refericon so we can continue this mask rate this this scam that he's got going on now. Just like Jesse. I saw Jesse's out there california they settled that union thing out there pass Arena and he's out there but it would put him up and if it doesn't fit then you fall a crap or whatever ones would fit. So I put a question yesterday look at this 694 votes the biggest obstacle facing Blacks America today. Bigger tree only 51 people said digotry 7.3%. So are we buying that as the answer? Oh no not this crowd. And of course I know that's the first thing that a lot of you darker folks would say is well that's white people vote not that well maybe they're more objective. And of course I know we get that holds the result of the answer about how white man never us you know stood in my shoes of course most wife folks don't have feet that big. So how can it be in your shoes? But anyway the other lack of education in job skills which is why I cast my vote and of course what did I know 262 37.7% but far away winning this pool yesterday the lack of responsibility 381 54.8% in other words get with it. Give an education get a brain get the chip off your shoulder and get a job and be like a real person. I'm maybe I'm reading that into all those things because I don't have comments on it. Also I should mention last week when we had a fact from some expert out there telling us about our website. Remember that giving us a critique and now we ought to have a space in there for comments. We don't want comments. The show is for comments. We do a radio show here between 10 and 2. This is for comments. We already went that route one time with chat rooms and comments and I'll let baby crap that the internet is just loaded with overflowing with you can smell it and you can feel it. You can step in it. We don't want that. We don't want to clutter up our website anymore. We'll share it as a great job and it's doing just fine over 40,000 hits a day. So we're doing pretty damn well we don't need any advice from you expert. She says, oh while some high school okay could put together our website better than that. Yeah right. Well what's his name? So anyway we should mention here we've got a couple of things we got a plug. What's about your thumb is coming? Maybe you can go see my therapist. She's there. She talked your ear off. Now she's very nice. Louise she would still talk your ear off. She's not. Where the hell is my web that I don't care she talks. Now where the hell did this just come from? Happy point? Is this the drug I ever were? They gave me that on Friday. It's been for it in nursing terms. Oh I see. I guess it's a good thing because I lost the other sheet here it is. The official water of WQN is purple pair of country spring water available at Walgreens which we thank our friend from purple pair of country spring water for coming here bring us in this morning but we also because the official water of this show is so lay water with our friend South Alcone. Is that bad? No I'd like to see this or we get so lay. Well no I see we can add that we have the QA website but we also have the new Rogers website so we have the official QA and water but we also have the official new Rogers water because these are basically two different radio stations. Which they still don't understand it. That's why we had to go through that whole we didn't have to but obviously they would have been very wounded and very upset if we were to put on that whole longer than a son and a then at a long time morning press conference yesterday. See hey we played the whole thing yesterday afternoon because Hank you already gets the smarter he gets he actually does about five minutes of a show you think I have a lot of vacation time. Hank may not have as many weeks of vacation time but actually in terms of the amount of sure that he does I think Hank works about three weeks a year now something like that if you take an hour by hour like today's got outbounding at four and Robert Jones I have no idea who that is but he must be some kind of a dark and plated jock Robert Jones is fine and then playing that press conference yesterday that took like about what two and a half hours out of that time so basically he's world of down to just do the few spots we could play it again. Anybody okay let's see if there's anybody know it's wants to here because we did screw around with it yesterday a little bit it was really disrespectful well what are you laughing about it since today we're in Santa there's and racist and non basketball loving and all of a sudden and you know the punk that called well if it was part of our book would you put the first that no I would say first of all this is not the heat station we hear the heat games and WQ and oh no we don't so we're going back to where with the Jimmy Johnson thing course with the dolphin station or the Dan Marine or retirement announcement with the dolphin station so it did make sense because they were major announcements that had to do with it with us and I realize I see the front page is the papers today and all this big song in the dance yeah we like I said I wish to go well I wish him know your health but I really don't care all that much because it's a no significant and to put the money heat on a par with the dolphin's in his town or it's elevated to that level is ludicrous because even though I've never been to the American Airlines arena even some of the film the old file footage they showed yesterday of a lot of old plan they showed the sounds in the NPC to it in one case it was only 100 but in a couple of clips I saw thousands of NPCs in a background in the American uh scam line arena so who the hell you people kidding oh no you're wrong the electric it's just like this moron and he is bugred co-tex man here in idiot those diagnosis reverberate across south Florida now other major sports stories around us a peer to shrink he says and just like those ago he said that you overheard on fox moves this today the untruths uh there's a guy yeah talking about how this is all everybody in town is talking about I didn't encounter anybody I liked my therapist yesterday I went to the store about a couple of places I didn't encounter anyone who was talking about that story and I'll get back to that in a second because people who live in little narrow worlds that's all they talk about is whatever is in their little narrow world and the people who are with them in that little narrow world but anyway is ridiculous column this morning red co-tex was always ridiculous and recently he's consistent he writes no one dolphin player or marlins player is fundamentally as important to his team as morning is to the heat pop out bruways in the sensibility of the panthers may be close maybe he isn't quite willing to come out to go out on a limb yet and say is maybe close even jelly in a hallway this morning was ripping you in an adequate co-tex and rightfully so because you're an ambicill you're an idiot the panthers without palvel bruay might as well close up shopping go back to a caliper summer forget about it or maybe is uh yeah you're you're more on so many things should we play that again yeah good get it we have any calls anybody one here the alanzo press conference again well i mean we're not gonna call but we're going to wait to hear no i'm talking about we're letting me know i'm gonna call they were calling yesterday they didn't like the music in the back and you had five thousand calls off the year from the sports nerds say the sports nerds don't listen to show anyway that's what i'm calling off the year because that's that's the number that they know just answer my question that's right one of the works of action do he be playing and if you can understand how long is he out and can we bet on the games and the stuff that's what it's working uh crap up look for the Q&Vand from eleven to two today from eleven is one until two this afternoon at the McDonald's fifty seven's having the palm of the expressways i'll have the new Rogers best of a CDs and cassette and the key change we thought we told you the bad news yet that the key change in other specs for the CDs and presets are it's specs all over south for it and also the Naples and Fort Myers so let me get over be out there in the van you can look for him too and I got all you know's what he'll be packing so here's our poor question for today look at that we've been over seven hundred years they know more votes on that thing about the black people okay I think we got the message overwhelming lack of responsibility and because that we had somebody comes yesterday about George's brilliant children on Friday we've got the guest that laundry header was written is really i'm really for your day is really to us grand dot over rabbi concentration camp survivors in the family the whole nine yards yeah and in Israel this you know is you believe women no but she heard about it if you remember of Hadasa anyway because there was such first of all started out that the show we had a couple of calls saying and the show was really great then we had the guy who said it was the best talk show ever heard in his life then there was a guy to call him said it was the most important four hours in the history of the human race then after that we had somebody called him said it was the epitome of what broadcasting is all about not thinking of myself why missing the book because we've had to George one of them away and losing my ass and biggest to come up you know and then realize that what we're doing here now is pass a it's it's been it though it's a very good happening issue no it no you're wrong it's not a happening issue that day it was no it's not just broken no it is not okay it's not a happening issue all right it wasn't a happening issue on Friday it's not a happening issue today middle east peace is an oxy moron there was a comment that it's not you know it's ridiculous on the face of it it isn't going to happen five thousand years of historical hate isn't going to end it can have a summit every minute of every day and Baba and Maddoard all by considering what was wrong sour looks under face from now until health reasons over and it can happen because you've got three groups of crazy religious nuts all been out of shape about you lose a lot that's what they're also a kind of about that's why there's going to be no they're never going to be any anything what am I looking for a word for there's never going to be anything meaningful is never going to be a I mean they can sign a how many peace treaties in the head just in our lifetime huh a couple couple thousand every week we have another peace treaty and all of a sudden they're killing each other and they're the bombing and blown up screw buses and bringing people life and when all these rubber things and it's quite of all the other window dressing that they would like to tell you about it comes down to one thing crazy religious nuts we discussed that well that that's that's what it's all about everything else that they want to bring into this discussion is all window dressing so the idea that because of the fact that there there were having a emergency summit over there which they all sit and back with sour looks under face it's paying hard to make any progress whatever it was just kind of like hunt back in a chair look at like there are dog just crap under foot and that's how they all look but anyway here's our poor question today because there may be like I said you touched on something you got your finger in it or maybe it was that is really girl should the show go back to get should the show go back to guests and topics that's our question today what I'm not asking you I'm asking the audience there you are you just with them on fire with a chore on Friday man there was a timing I don't want to get less than the gust here that's been my one key to survival is I've always been able to make a little move before you and I'll be for the abomahit you know I'm saying that's right I'm like a worst team should the show go back to guests and topics here you're future future is is yes once in a while or absolutely not those are future choices and whatever the audience wants we'll consider it I'm not going to say whatever the audience wants will do it what are we some kind of like our competence like if they start calling up for that stupid press conference again are we going to play it oh question I once was more than enough more than enough very jackass rights a front page so we have to be got it wrong every base for like a week and a half missing information including the the morning that's without the you the morning of the morning with the press conference you get to rock and the next day is right in front page story 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM yeah get ready all of the time let's have the right straight about not friends you're in the good team some people say you know this out at your you need to go and find them so what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before what's before I guess I just don't understand what the big deal you've had letting presidents know that does not learn when you're another and like Gerald Moore for instance not easily he was on otherwise why is he calling down that and so Jimmy Carter was able but he was still on top of my scum label he didn't even know about the just for the first day and why and why and why and why and why and why and why so watch it but well if you don't believe me I'm not with Jerry tree was a big thing it has the lunches and the the the the the the two of them because he had this wouldn't beaver I'll speak in a guess because we've always had this to fill stall on the easiest guy there's the first guest you can book now George is going to have to start booking yes wait till you see the outcome of this pool I think it's going to be real interesting what are you laughing about 560560 pomp 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marble 5 tonight tonight baby this is this a big debate tonight I'm going to be watching I will I'm going to be glued with and he's going to be going to this algor somebody better slap this bass it up the side of the head and say hey wake up bozo because it's stupid away he's now falling behind in Missouri he's falling behind no higher or at least so they're saying Michigan is on a verge of vanishing into the bush camp maybe he should have more us more to line before he should have more align more he should have more as before than it couldn't hurt couldn't hurt here's a mobile in bokeh hello Neil yes first off I'm definitely already voted on your poll and I just think that's similar to simulate you like how I would like to see it is eventually you do two hours by yourself and then two hours with somebody in the afternoon like the old days yeah and I mean I got to the guest and two hours just to me yeah not every day but back to the old days with those they're getting the nutritionist going on it I don't know I get like algor seen and all that I want algor seen and every time he comes in here just throws the whole show on I'd say those are the five blinds I'm not done though I just think it's great because it really it throws you into areas that you never talk about and it's all like what is it what do I talk about sex now and I just just think that you have somebody right there who's in your face talking about I might you want to take a dump in my toilet I mean I'm in that's pretty captivating video that's entertained well we all want to surprise when I get back over there he probably has to say it's done somewhere maybe I might maybe on my front soup and I hope I'm your soup yes tomorrow when you see your poll you're going to when you look at your poll if I ever lost a way that might be able to see my fuel hey one other thing you got to get it and hope George is vaping this because I had a party this weekend and we had about 45 people jammed in this condo and this is the message that I woke up to in the morning it'll come through loud and clear a little bit of old alpaca mad at me check this out Friday he's up at 53 p.m. it's out there he goes that's so rich you make your party oh that was for real I swear to God come on I swear to God to get a couple of messages who he left me I'll make you know that now I view in all your five what kind of an out sunny oh it was beautiful we just thanks it up louder and actually we play that's a meal God you're going to burn in hell sunny we love it five six seven five six two anyway can I finish the thing the thought about the people living little tiny like Joseph Gackie and red co-text and my friend Jafferimer when he used to force those awful awful hockey shows on May and Newby sitting in there getting 50,000 calls off here from people screaming and committing threatening to commit suicide I'm just making that up because I have a personal I find anyway saying and then he would always say to me every time without fail he'd say oh everybody love those shows crazy and George is the way started by very love those shows because the world that he lives in the dozen or so people who will even speak to him are the hockey people don't you understand so naturally those to be the dozen or so people who would have listened was anybody else or see those shows? oh no the audience ran away like all of a sudden was Bobonic play coming from the speaker there radio let's see how we how all like this see you say you're a little faith you know how this soul is going to come out I don't believe this so the show will back to get some topics once in a while 17 absolutely not 17 yes three so in other words did I want to study down of it but if I could bring like the carapractor in tomorrow we could get Jane Donigan and here talking about the new person in Budu on Thursday we could get your physical therapist because I want to know if we use my physical therapist come in here she could talk to you or she could do a whole four hours but I've taken a breath and she's great but poor can she talk and we could have her on Friday so we got the rest of the week booked our wedding I mean hand cat BD only one taking his way through that show every day why don't we do it shouldn't here begging for phone calls when I could be having an interesting guest we could have her name so she's back to the buyer where come on we could have Reverend Emily and here doing those psychic reading oh here's a mobile and fortlater day hello yes sir oh yeah I like to know what your opinion is about but by the way yeah you're sorry son great appeal it's killing the mobile no problem I like to know what your opinion is about the possible and junction about the stitches canker stop stopping the stitches canker cutting down in date I'm going to tell you sir they better stop it right now because they killed the dog the damn glad you mentioned what the story and here somewhere they killed somebody's a boxer four year old a beautiful dog and other denying that they didn't really across my ass a lot so what so you'd rather have the other thing more factors than you know I understand the dog for a few of you know that is a tragedy and more factors for what the fight that changes our taxes are most of our taxes the reason you don't take state into fact is because the situation is our second biggest in the world. The next thing they said they've gone. He said, said first, didn't he? He's gone. 560, 50560, Pomp 560, I can't find the story. It's in here somewhere. Maybe I cut it up. I saw those assholes. Yeah. Because I hated them. They denied that it was them. No, just must have been a coincidence. I thought that stuff they found on the ground there and the dog told me that the mouth and died. And the police were women at one in there to look and see what it was. And she was gagging and puking, vomiting from it too. It's not just that they're taking the trees with impunity and being very intensive about it. But just everything that they're doing in association with it is really objectionable. OK, so here's George. We'll talk about trees for four hours. Asso. I'm done. 21, before 11. What look at this? We really got one call on the board. This is an important day. This is a turning point in my career. In fact, I thought very seriously about just letting George do guess the rest of the week because we probably can solve this release problem right here on the show. If we just put our notes to the grindstone, hopefully it won't become a big Jewish nose like that because George gets upset about those. The meal Roger show, sports radio, 560. 2, 8, and where's my meat? Oh, hey, hey. Hey, Paul, since it's got something coming out of the oven, that is usually a government who didn't. I don't know. I want things for sure. It's in bread, all right? I'll say it's got your crop eyes. And I'm too. I'm too hungry. But my cauliflower family of white trash can't see us when keeping them in a family for over 150 years. I believe you're not doing that with space. So I'll say no, it's no secret. It's in bread that went with 400% of the daily oil to buy to keep the oven that was excellent. And we're just going to buy them an A. So you can see clearly out of all three eyes. Yes, they're still keeping it in the family. Let's see in bread. Kids rob it. And mom's still too. Oh, so do we got it? And I'll say, I'm 25, 50, WQAM. Owner says dog killed by citizen chemicals. Here it is. A mysterious chemical killed one dog, incapacitated a cat. incapacitated a cat. Oh, and sent a money police officer to a hospital Monday afternoon. A cold, gate homeowner called police will back yard at 2.30 p.m. charging at Citrus, canker, where his plate of four-year-old boxer with chemicals killing him. Two officers responded, noticed liquid in the law next to the dead drug, said Delvish, Moss, Monty Police Postman. When officer Linda Arias approached her mouth when dry, her breath came short and her chest tightened. That's back. Also found on the 3600 block of South West 19th Street a black cat alive, but seemingly immobilized, it eyes glazed over. Oh, I, Monday that North official was prepared to say what it was that took down a dog cat and then an officer who in Moss's woods do their stuff is males. The Department of Agriculture was prepared to say what the poison substance was not. The only chemical citrus canker work of users, GX 1027, and anti-bacterial soap use where decant contamination is folks in said. You can drink it, Blan. So that it's not going to hurt you. It said Mark Fagan of the State Cifters Canker and the eradication program has an estimate of two of those crews took samples of the liquid in the lawn. The backyard soil and an open bag of fertilizer, the Miami-Dade Medical Examiner's office was going to perform an autopsy on the boxer and police were waiting for all of his blood test results. For killing the Sanchez, however, there was no doubt. She told police that after workers began working on removing the neighbor's true stuff, she smelled a strong odor when out to check. She found Tyson, her boxer on his side, next to her channelling fence. Earlier she had made credit phone calls to the police near neighbor, Jenny Fernandez. If it killed the dog, I don't know what can do to the kid she said. She did not doubt her neighbor's accusation a few months earlier. She noticed a strong odor when workers first got down her nine trees. They put something on the stumps in the state out of the backyard for a couple of days. Impossible said Fagan decides to soak the state had new chemicals for three years. So my things have been equivalent to the storage. Just another one of those, those are coincidences. They're my phones and the sidewalk stones. The pheaster. That's awkward. Audio citrus, tanker, a limited pixel out there that it is throwing people's property, running a habit, throwing people's pets. Oh no, we didn't have money to do with that. We know. We believe them. No. Look at this pearl. This could be the most, and see you open up a panda's box. Little did you realize. Look at the porno's old. 77 votes through the show. Go, but now see, you've got to listen to the wording that I did on this pool here. We're talking about taking steps backward. Just kind of like collecting George's deputy. Should we take several steps backward? And they're saying yes. Should we go back to get some topics? Once in a while, 44.57.1%. Absolutely not. 27.35%. And yes, only 67.7%. Now that it's not all the time, but maybe you know, four or five days a week. Huh? Five or six days a week? Five or six days a year. 20 or 30 guests a week. What's wrong with that? And of course, one thing that they'd find out about guests in this, see the Arnold guest in this town. I did it for 15 years I did that. I wasted my time. And we had the same five guests. Most of them I said, like can we watch thought he was just kind of better than he. Stop that. Stop that. And he was always excited. He's dead. Ed Cohen, he wasn't very excited. He's also dead. I mean, so now the poor, or possible, people who have on the air, I was watching like a king last night and among the other people he had under which Senator George McGovern. Now I had the Senator McGovern on my show many times on the phone over the years back when I was doing that boring terminal off of talk for which I apologize again. And I liked George, he's a good guy. But I do we call very clearly. And I am 0.9. I had him on the phone. Because I had him on so many times I felt familiar with him, like I knew him. So instead of calling him Senator, I kept referring to Ms. George, which I noticed Larry called him George last night and he said, and so he responded by calling me Mr. Rogers. And it was like only halfway through the interview I realized that he was doing it kind of sarcastic. They're like a little shot because I was calling him George a little bit too familiar. Yeah, that's the true story. Mr. Rogers. Yeah, hey George. It would be like if I was talking to the president. Hey, Bobo, you know, let me think about what's going on over there in the least. Well Mr. Rogers, I'm looking at it pretty pissed off these days. That kind of stuff. Yeah. So I mean, when it comes right down with it, here, once in a while, 58% now they won't get the initial. And of course we're here to, yeah, whatever you want. Oh, I would. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Well, gone. OK, here's Miami again, hello. Hi, name. Yes, sir. I think you should do the accountable interviews. Whenever they're exploring in Miami with free speech, we could be seven days a week. Listen, I give them all about what is happening in the lower head or sport page. They have a, and lower, and lower, and lower, and lower, and lower. No. They have a young man 35 year old who writes every Sunday or column. And on October, a year older column, criticize and assessor of the Cuban community for a ruling against Cuba in the Olympics. No, I'm going to go back in the last minute. I think I'd rather, I'd rather eat meals for two hours or do not talk about humans again. Neal, the problem is that these guys, because of that, we could get in fire for a lower head. And yes, I mean, Sunday, they did not print an article that is print for five years every Sunday. And the people. And sadly, they printed seven people letters, you letters to the editor, no, have a 15 letters, linking these guys. In doing so, and that is the Cuban. The written novel had a one-somebody in the paper to get fire. The paper should get fire. They could ask for all day, day, the people that buy the paper. So, again, this is a violation. And I think the no Cuban sector or self-forage, you know what is going on in here, because these will be a tremendous injustice to go on to a journalist for exercise. What is our right? I know, I know are you sticking to it. No. But somebody has to know me. I'm going back to Vegas, Lucy, my money. No, no, no, no, there's money for you. I think I'm going to buy some more zero. I'm buying chips. I tried to try to find out what is going on because... No, I don't want to find out what's going on. I don't care what's going on. Is there no interest to me? Well, I'm sorry, but... No, I'll be sorry, but I'm just telling you, I don't care. I mean, I wish that guy all along in the world, but the fact is that we live in a fascist account or he'll reach you, I don't live in a big account. And that's it. That's the way this is. The banana Republicans never going to change. Yeah, for what would work, what that means is that if somebody in this community, the key against the lenses, against you, you also, in as much as you have a tremendous audience and a you or a guy that is respected, you could also be a victim of this kind of market cases. Right, and afterwards, like they haven't tried it for like 25 years, the Catholic Church and every other right wing lunatic group, every humble phobocube hasn't tried to shut me up and get me off the air? Yeah, of course they have. Yeah. And you are even if you guys didn't have good ratings. Maybe that was his problem. Well, well, anyway, I just want to invest my money. No, I'm so on high today, you're at it. I mean, usually you have something really significant but today. Well, I spoke to this guy and I, it's on this press. Let me tell you what. He's one. I spoke to this fellow. He was wearing this dress. I mean, he's really beautiful. I'm really good at that. That's why they're firm. OK, well, it's a good luck to him and you. Right, too. Oh. And you want me to go back to get you. How did I feel that? You just, you said it during the last break. You said, I think that's a great idea. You said, who you want me to start booking? I said, oh, you've got to be kidding me. I said, you want me to call your bookie. Oh. 59 people say once in a while, 40 say, absolutely not and only nine say, yeah. How many said yes? The eye. Oh. These people, you started with this on Friday. How did this stop one, Friday? What do you mean by that? You did the greatest show in the history of radio on Friday, which I'm very proud to hear that. But now you put me in a spot. Now I have to actually bring somebody in here. Maybe a dog named spot. I'm really pissed about that woman's dog because you know what a dog level I am. I'm going to tell you something. Seriously, shut it. Whoever did that, shut it, go to the other brain job. You're fucked up that thing and coconut creek with a guy with a gun on his ankle. You know what is with his permit. Who shot and killed are the people's dog because the dog came out of the driveway and like they didn't really do anything. But he wasn't taking any chances. So he said, I know what I'm going to care about that. See, this is what really slaves me. And I'm not saying that dogs are more important than human dog when some cases are pretty nip and thucks and some cases are no context. But nobody cares about that. We got some basketball player who unfortunately got a kidney. No matter right away, everybody in town is supposed to be in tremendous mourning about that even, very, pardon me expression. Yeah, we're supposed to be having another breakdown. Here's a guy that's making millions of dollars that I'm sure the organization with Nikki Eros and the entire way to the organization and all that medical care behind them, get the top doctors in the world. Whatever treatment is available, you know he's going to get it. It might be a Mickey Manel and his river. Only in this case, the doctor went to Great Lang's yesterday to print out that, I was no hadn't done anything, it wasn't HIV, it wasn't steroids, it wasn't this, it was nothing he did, okay, we believe you. But with Nikki Manel he had done years. And I was, I was, I was, Mickey Manel was one of my heroes when I was a kid. So here's a guy who abused himself for years and years, bruised him up, destroyers liver. But all of a sudden he got pushed to the front of the line and he got him a liver. Other people, other like schmucks, Joe Smith, the Nancy Jones, they're waiting for years for a liver. Who gets a liver? David Crosby and Mickey Manel, how do you like that? And Mickey Manel didn't do any good because he was too far gone. So now he's dead and somebody also might have benefited from that liver with her without taking none yet, that person might still be alive today. Are they alive? No, they're dead. Oh, right. Because Mickey Manel had had liver because he was an earlier sports serial, a junk. Whoa. Man, I'm excited for that. When you're going to get your priorities right, when you're going to start caring about every day people, instead of God, they have trick and celebrity. That's what makes me nauseous about this country where drowning in a sea of crap. Just like the single version of growing, they keep having these discussions that they talk and hitchhows about, well, you know, maybe we in the media are responsible for, you know, pointing about what this one side too much. And they keep doing it. That's all they keep talking about. I'm drafted in my real coma. That's what I'm doing. I don't care how many mobsters they got in the closet. I'm doing vote for my real criminal. You know, that case, it's creeped that the penis gate Jack Anterno, he was on your last night on the panel. And no, you'll come with you. He just talks rings around him. Circles around him. That's who we meet. Somebody who can speak. Let me not worry about whether somebody's side or somebody looked like there, here was the devil and looked really dumb. Oh, 1056 at five, 16, WQ and only in the banana republic, they're only in Miami. Here's a very quick question, guys. There's a question, guys. There's about 800 pages to be bottled to your pro Palestinian crap on Friday. And I'm just, oh, you're doing his waste and trees. That's all you're doing. And I had to cut down 400 trees just to make the goddamn paper that you wasted here this morning. In a waste basket, we don't care. So that's what you stood up again. I don't want to go back to those days. I don't ever want to look back to that. If I had to sit here and go, I'd be going to look like that. Which this week, I noticed in last week also the phone calls are basically stopped. We're saying, okay, I'm here Friday and a lot of calls from all of those historical Jews couldn't buy it up and learn. There you go. That's right, because they're all, and what's the point? What is the point? I'd rather put my teeth out with a goddamn, uh, fires than talk about the Middle East. And there's nothing to talk about. It's like the guy with a deteriorate, it's like talking to humans again. I don't want to keep repeating that same garbage over it. There's absolutely nothing to say about the Middle East. Does it affect your life? Or your present do? Does it affect your life? What's happening? I'm not talking about oil prices. That's business. That's all that's the only thing that's all manufactured. That's all fake. That's all controlled. They want to get those red-ish sheets up to balance sheets before they end the Beer. That was the quote. Direct quote. Terrorism, might. Yeah. Might get blown up. Is that something new? Is that something you just started on Friday? Like you said before? No, it's just, uh, it was happening up again. Yeah. In. Is it going to start? Is it going to start? It's going to stop? Not anytime soon. Oh. Yeah, I don't get it. I don't understand what it is. I do understand down here of course because, uh, and then the Jews get hysterical. I have been who is whispering. I think you can. That's what kills me. Here, read them in the paper again this morning. Do you read them in? Here was there in, uh, all over town. Cemetery village. Handling to be old Jews again. Going. Oh. That's all right. They were spelling from him. Why I have no idea because he's Jewish. Forget about a fact what he represents. What a pity the best thing about the Middle East. All you had to do was see this story. I forget it was on CNN last night. They showed a clip. And they showed, and as a promo, I don't even know what was on CNN. Maybe it was on MSNBC. It's not important. But they showed a clip. And on the clip, the promoters, whatever they were going to talk about, they showed first the Muslims with their schmothers on their head. Then they showed the Christians that were running their in Jerusalem. Okay, with, uh, Jesus and this and then they showed the Orthodox Jews, which almost always makes me nauseous. The hot seedem with a hat on in the past and the Holy of and they're rocking back and forth, governing their flesh something out of the stone. It's only in a deceased. There's nothing else in the scouts. You give it what crazy people. There's nothing valuable in that piece and that strip of toilet over there. And it's nothing. They don't even have that any oil. Although they do have the bomb. Just keep that in mind, George. They do have the bomb. But other than that. They got it from us. Yeah. FNA baby. 560, 550, 550 on the ATT. And for all of these people, they're the one guy who did them guys. I want to hear our group sing. I'm a fat Jew. I don't want to hear our group sing. I'll see our group sing and answer them. That's soon enough. Believe me, he's a good guy, a good fat guy. Very funny if we're like five ten minutes at a time. And I say, it's like we're going to eat with Al. You know, go into a meal. It's a book a tour that every time in a public place, Al has to start using certain words. And one of the games with tea. I don't want to say, you know, like push you can on the year or part of that. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? It's a little loud. Always. It's a good, a good tour of the thing. And it's very funny the first 400 times. About the 400 and first time it's not being quite so funny. And then after that, it's like being large and little embarrassing almost depending on where you are. Like if you were to form a left dinner. Without with those baggy shorts and a t-shirt. This is the right best. And it's the right best. And it's the right best. I'm talking about eating tea and whatever else. So what did I get said if you haven't heard of it before I guess you'd laugh. But I'm sorry, but I'm a staff. You're going to have to come up with somebody better than Al groups than to convince me to have guests on their show again. Maybe only when Georgia goes to show, we should have guests. What do you say? I vote for that. Joes can have guests. He can go out here on the street corner and we bring in Jamaican talking about the price of a win. Stuff like that sounds good to make. Sure. Maybe get you a good deal. So why do you out there? What? Here's a mobile and volume. Like who do you tell? Hey, Neil. Thanks for making your calls. Okay. Yeah. I agree with you on that comment earlier about how ridiculous the media, you know, they talk about these stupid things about the candidates. I don't know if you've thought in time magazine the last issue I was looking at. They were actually counting how many times each candidate and the number of candidates and the candidate were blanking. Yeah. Where did you go with that? W. I'm going to match. I and Libra been blanked 100 and I he was promote blanks. I don't understand why. What is that up to do with anything at all? That means we should be concerned. If they sublimitable message and of course once you see that you go out and you buy the new blank 182 year series. That's what it's all about. Yeah. And I just had a call and the see if you saw that that article. I mean, it was for sure. The whole thing is ludicrous. They are all these cosmetic for get about what they're saying. Forget about who's really lying. And then last night that thing about the $4.9 billion that they spent allegedly in Texas for education and it come to find out that it was about your bookcraft. Yeah. Exactly. And it's another thing that means anything with even the hairstyle they were making a comment. I mean. Well, I got a lot of questions going to be on hairstyle. WV is in very trouble. I'll tell you that. He needs to undo that phrase. All right. You'll thank the guy. Have a great day. Okay. Don't blink until you see the white guys. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, on the AT and P, while it's like Mario Cuomo Bayer. Yeah. That's what I'm hoping for. I look at this form here, man. I'm telling you. Let's talk about the Middle East. What do you say, huh? No. No. But seriously, you have you have captured the crowd that wants to take this show back into the Stone Age and wants to do that stuff again. And look at the poll here. They have its truth. Can we find some Palestinian broad runner around the building somewhere? I'm sure there's got to be one somewhere. I haven't ever met one. Well, we'll find one. Go down on the second floor. But you will find one. Maybe we'll just rest somebody up his run. Or maybe she'd find somebody who smells bad. 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, on the AT and P. And pour on your Marliflan. 8 minutes after 11 and 5, 6, the Q. We'll have to stop. Okay. This is the story of our own. Try not to keep that to go on. Try not to throw in for a short and easy. And to be loved in, he's out for a long time. How many places to do? What better way can Jesus learn as a sea holiday do? He loves waiting to catch his moments behind those memories of his eyes. Or with the sense of time to cry, so we'll be as perfect there. Because I can't trust this unto where he is. Now, let's talk about the day before the day. For the good of his children. Now, what's the name to my as a sin? And if this is the story of our own. Try not to be such a fool or what's the name to your mind. Get your vote. I want you to love him. Not your vote. Oh, John. Oh, why me? Yes? Hi, Neil? Yes. Neil, I went to the church an hour ago. You're my question. I want to follow with you for a Christmas present. Because I have a fancy way. Thank you so much. A bronze. It's the back of the church, right? That's where the hook is off. The rear door, yeah. Okay, if you want to read that one, yeah. Okay. I'm having dinner with your landlord tonight. Should I talk to him about the toilet? Are you in Amsterdam now? Yes. I'm calling from Amsterdam. Yeah, I'm going to get rid of that toilet and get a real toilet in there. I'm making it to my really well. There is. Yeah, I'm going to have some, I'm just going to... How long are you going to... Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I'm here only until the next time. But I wanted to say that. I've waited. I want to take pictures of what you felt there. Great. So you'll always know. I've loved kids to come back in America some day. Okay. Bye, darling. See ya. Okay. If you got that, I'll have you back in the on Sunday. Everybody, you all in Scott that? Okay. Got it. I also are temporary. If that's what you can start doing that, no charge will put that on the website. I'll go and see him dead. Can you hear me? Like he faxed his to us. Like he has his office faxed the West 45 times a week. You know the one I'm talking about? Oh, yeah. There you go. And of course, all you people out there that want us to go take several steps back. They want to... They're probably these votes on the US. They're from a board you've encountered. They're a quick channel. That's what that's coming from. They're trying to drive the show back in the old days. Yeah. How loud that says? Those days. You see, I hate to break the news here, but I'm... Maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm the only one on the odd duck, sort of speak. I refuse to be dragged by... Run by my nose. Now the LA on stuff we had no choice because he was happening right here and it affected our lives. But even during the LA on business there were days when I said, Ah, not today. I just can't take another minute of this. Just like our friend who called me for who usually has something to say. But started with that thing. I don't want to hear about Cubans and about God damn the same old parents stuff. Bailing. That's why most God damn talk shows what they're doing to the children. Now we'll think, Turland. Because people have heard it all a million times before. I will not sit here in the scouts. Please in the middle east. It's ludicrous. It's idiotic. It's nonsense. There isn't going to be any. They can sign 50,000 peace communities. They're going to happen. You're dealing with fanatic or crazy people. And the idea that you take fanatic or crazy people, you shouldn't belong to the people or you, you know, or you know, a cinema on a sofa somewhere. And you're going to come to meaningful agreements that's going to have easy to do with the people in the way they'll be. It's nonsense. That's going to happen. And all these people I want to rehash 5,000 years of ugly people sick history. Go ahead. Not on the show though. I'm not going to do it. And how come we got a name. Is anybody called you with the name so far of any guests? Oh, I got was a duty look. The entrance. No. No names. No suggestions. 6,000 groups. And while I was just down there, just like when he caught last week, did I have something to say. He stole the name to them. And he's going to put a panzy on a cobblestone there. Why I fell by the old church and Amsterdam. That was it. He didn't even say anything about eating. The way I think like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, the pan 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes man. Hi. Look into here. She'll all the time. Don't change anything. Okay. I'm the neighbor reference to the dog that died yesterday. But the camera people. That bombed leaver. Yeah, he was very nice dog. Her ever culture supervisor came out very, very rude woman. And like, exactly, she said that they do not use chemicals and yet the smell was amazingly bad. And the neighbor on the other side where they did the actual tree trimming or whatever. She had the papers that they gave her before when they did the job the first time. And it didn't take the tree grew back. They said that they used chemicals and that could be hazardous to pets and humans. So stay away from the area that was being treated. So whatever the change you need to story now. So she has this letter and that she has made copies of it and I think she gave it to the police today. That there is that they do use it apparently only in some places or maybe it depends on the guys, the how he feels that day. You know, so that's proof that there was a chemical that we weren't making it up the night. But I didn't have a lot of connections with a gigantic lawsuit to me. There certainly does. But they're trying to say, well, I could have been a condition. You know, even over there and you smell but me died. Sure, the cat too and the police officer got sick and we all got sick. Yeah, you were also from the same condition, right? We all had the same condition. So it was really a very, very strong smell and my humble opinion. I didn't see it. Sounds like murder to me. I was just going to say that. You know, the dog was barking through the bushes through the fence at the guy's on the other side, which is his job. That's what you have a dog for the bark and stranger. And the, in my opinion, that they, if the guy's got really peeved at the dog for being so close, I think they just sprayed him right smack in the face. I'm just hoping that the autopsy shows something on the dog because. I said, sounds like a gigantic human gets lawsuit to me. Right, exactly. Well, I just wanted you to know that something's 50 around here and okay. Well, our imagination. Good luck to all of you. All right, keep up the good work. I mean, your, bye bye. Bye bye. Yeah, horrible story. Low test unacceptable because we had the canclet police out there now too. In fact, even if you get like a court sore, they're going to come to your house and arrest you as. The chanclet police. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Any suggestion on these great guests we're going to have here though on the show. Oh, huh. We got to have some of those sports guys. Some of them are sloppy over from the sports shows. You want to have a, those on the, oh, I don't think so. 155 votes to the show will back to guests and topics. Once in a while, 80. That's 51.6 percent. Absolutely not 63.40.6 percent. And 12, 7.7 percent. We got 12 people living in the distance pass. We want to go back to WS news and they got all those dead guests and go back to that again. How about Marvin's down. He's a good guy. One Marvin's down on the show. Oh, he's a good, good, good boy. Wanna have more of it on? Really guy. That's a done. She wants to talk to me. I don't take steps backwards. I just keep moving forward. This passes our can. Not backwards. Glad and paid Jolly to and then decency. A lot of time ago. I have an all certainly by pitching performance was in decent. Cardinal Sting at a gate cruising area. Legal advocate for conservative causes Matthew Graven. He did guilty before federal or magistrate October 12th of public Investancy. A misdemeanor for which as a second time offended, he could be sentenced to as much as a year in jail 3 years probation and a fine of 50,000 dollars. Only just to go. He'll be sentenced to December. Previously, Graven had vehemently and adamantly denied the charges against him. A difficult position to maintain after being arrested twice on the same charge in the same park. Although best known for action against president Clinton, including those who be courteous, farm and proceedings in Arkansas, glad and as president and chief executive officers in 1994 of the Atlanta Georgia based South West to South East or Negro Foundation has opposed the interest of Gaze and lesbians as well. The foundation for how they printed the court brief and supported the voice got to America and supported their successful appeal to the US Supreme Court this year to retain their ban on Gaze and one is Georgia Supreme Court victory in 1995 against the message partner, better fit for city of Atlanta employees. So here here we end of this guy just happens to have a wife and two kids on my point out. It was in the park fondling a cop on a plain closed cop. I think like that. So that's just positive to me again. You're just got must be obviously as straight as an arrow. Yeah. And like I told you so many times before you can mark this down as a Wayne said Baldi, mark this down. That the homophobes out there, the ones who are upset. I'm not talking about just, you know, getting nervous and the shower. I'm talking about people who are like professional homophobes like this guy, Matthew Graven and any of the other ones trust me when I tell you they're all screaming closet cases. Everyone I've ever encountered in my right. Airbees single last one of them. Self-heating faggot. 560, 50560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless on. Because we pointed out so many times why would anybody in this right mind be worried about who anybody else is just looping with a screw in an hour with a wrong thing they're not minors. Bob Bowman is wrong if they're not minors by 15 year old boys. I'm sorry. Definitely a terrific QM van now till 2 o'clock at McDonald's on 57th out in the Pometre Expressway. They got the CDs and the best in the year cassette for this year benefit the plant parenthood and also these. They keep saying. They have the Matinshoots. Oh and they do have the teachers. Which are great. Life years teacher. It's such this year they're great. Huh? Now these are the bad. Yeah. These are beautiful. And a limited number available. So I'd rush right over there and grab one from the jail and the teacher too and the other good stuff. I've got it. Now that my hand is coming along. Not that anybody out there cares. It's about if I don't you have to squeeze something for the third thing. I have to squeeze my money. Just yours. Is there somebody's my collar in a business party? You know that I didn't call it a bishop prick. Here's a mobile and four daughter. Hello. Neil. Why not the A to my cum? Yes sir. I wanted to tell you what the police did with not the police but the A cannibal police did with my daughter. The shank would always. Yeah. My daughter's 14 years old and she was at home. We loved her at home. We went with we went out to dinner. She got a knock on the door. She looked outside and she saw some people standing there. So she's not allowed to let anybody in the house. She's not on the door again. She said hello. They said we're with the state of Florida. And we need to get in your backyard. So I'm working your home. I can't you know, I'm not allowed to let you in. You have to let it in. She said, well, I have a rock water back. So when I heard you have the the canker stormtroopers. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I listen to this. Even get better. She said, I can't let you in. Well, he said, if you don't let it in, we're calling the police on you. She's right in my daughter. She won the taking the dog inside. We have one of the common ruckus in the house because we have seven cats. Yeah. And have it 130,000 a while. They didn't work out very well. My wife called the commissioners office about this about Crawford or whatever his frigid name is called him about it. Got a supervisor to come out and absolutely nothing was done. She is made numerous phone calls because they direct my daughter with police. And she said, I'm only 14. I'm not allowed to let anybody in. You don't let it in. We're calling them a police and we're getting you back here. That's what our state of law is doing right now. Lovely. She really sucks. Okay. So why don't you go or is the letter you want to take to come up? Say, dear. I do like that, huh? Treasures daughter. The Chancellor police. That's the make it bar. 56056. And the public, oh no, what I argue about what's going on in the middle east? I don't care. I don't care as much about what's going on in the middle east as I do about Zoh and about him. I don't know. I wish I could. No, I care more about him because I wish you more. Cause you're the human being. I wish him well. And that's it. That's the extent of my interest. You notice we have an everyone call about that? Not one. Because generally speaking, I don't think that most of the people in the society into all that much. The fact I don't think anybody is. Even when they show those games out, most of the people are wandering around. And they've heard about this and see open at a mercenary line of awareness. They wander around. They shmoosen their bruises and that's it. And maybe they'll come back and watch your couple minutes of the game like at the end of its close and then they go home. Like I told you the home opened in the panter game. I'd go out there to take a look and this is the middle of a period. Okay, I got the pig light comes off for the two minute commercial break. And of course the pink that catches my eye. But anyway, I go out there to take a look. There's these people in the middle of a close game and they're wandering around in the guy name hallway. Not a couple of them. But many of them. They weren't like going to get food. They weren't they were out there socializing while the game was on and I'm thinking to myself, what kind of people are these people out here? Why are they here? Why? Are we ever going to get an answer? No. 560560,<|th|>563 on the 18T and<|th|>S and<|th|>S and<|th|>S line. 400 open lines is usual. So you'd be over there right now. 26th after a lot of the QM. But the Roger Show Sports Radio 5602. A.A. I go really, really, really excited. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, we're here to believe I've got you. Hey. Yeah. We're the same smell. Running out of DC. Just don't stand in my way. Don't ever stop you, girl. I'm here on them to where you come from. I've been eating the things that you've told me. I tried what right. And she can drop the nothings seem to work. My chivalry is swollen. I feel like they're today. I think I've lost the mark that's holding in a very little back. I've done the same. The hot hot hot, naughty hair. Do you have diarrhea? Oh Lord. I got wrong. Just don't judge me of the same. But it's too late. I'm a pretty one. Always have to wait for that last time. Good one. Yeah. One of the 2560WQM we got. Height could pull. He got heck without it. Robert Jones. The books that were six. We got the Mariners in the Yankees. Seven 37 tonight. What could have that subway series in the York. It might have not. Who cares? Say the thing would be Middle East business. It's the same to the Jews as early on was to the Cuban. The Cuban kind of obsessive sick disgusting. That turns my guts. It makes me nauseous. Have we had anybody calling him with a guest station yet? No. Besides that, I'll go stream. Who's thrown out of his mind calling him on. And you'll notice. See, what time is it? It's 11 30 in a morning. So it's 5 30. And he afternoon over there and Amsterdam. So here's a guy five in the afternoon in Amsterdam. He's sitting in this apartment. Stone out of his mind listening to the show on the internet. Now, if you were an Amsterdam right now, would you be listening to the show on the internet? No, I'd be stormed out of my mind. What hours at Amsterdam? Did I listen? Of course I didn't have a computer. But assuming I said never computer, what I'd be listening to the show on the internet to make sure a judge didn't have some guests out again? No, no. And then we can hear about the bill at a given. The flyer's bitch in that was on Friday. Yeah, like I'm supposed to pay the guy. They built a flyer in from a high far away from the hell she came from. This is really broad. That he pretend he just found wandering out a building somewhere, which Martha's on, could it help you? Can. How's that pull coming baby? Should the show go back to guests and topics? Who's our question today? On the heels of judges, a road running show out. And I'm not not going to judge him. It's not going to be audience. Those calls yesterday. That was, that was the most important four hours of radio. And history of broadcasting. You better get one at Mr.. I would rather sit here at 800 pounds of dog experiments than even think about going back to those days. That's just a little hint is how I voted. Should the show go back to guests and topics? Once in a while, we're still in room with 89, but absolutely not as catching up fast with 78. And yes, 13. We're like a half hour goal. 12. There's only one more 13. And I'm lucky number in your case. Because the, yes, people, the answer is, oh no. Here's the fact that it says, oh yeah, here's a good, uh, absolutely correct. You get on about so in this test conference. What about the important things? What's the man with a gun and exactly shot the dog or or those pigs who were running the teen prostitution ring in Kendall? Yeah. Are you people in the news media? Yeah, I've been telling this for a long time. Back to the early on thing. I told it was not important story. It was a child custody case. Between a father and his son and a bunch of scumbag brothers. That's about that was child custody case. And the media obliged you, if they always were due, they didn't do a big show. That's a magnified attempt in your time for the what it is. And the same thing, now it is still on the morning thing. That's a big story. But the fact that we got, uh, you know, cops running teenage prostitution rings at our time. That first somebody has swept it on the carpet. We never heard another word about it. And nobody cares. And you people in the media, great job. Miami Hill, great job, son. Senator, tremendous job, channel 46710. Beautiful job. Not. As Paul Harvey would say, where is the rest of the story? That's what it quarrying minds want to know. Is there anybody out there who believes we're going to hear one more word about that story? Oh, no. How is that possible? If anybody listening to me right now, if you were running a teenage prostitution ring out of your house. And every cop in town practically, every other cop, two out of three. We're coming to your house and banging those bros, these girls underrated girls. Just because you get away with it, I think you'd be in jail for a hell of a long time. Yeah. And so, way to keep properly. Not only do we have anybody in jail, we don't hear anything about it. It's in the closet now. It's in that lock box that everybody says, oh, you notice now even though there's a bill on the column and you said, it's talking about a lock box. It's the other guy. Bill Nelson? No. No. I think they've seen a column that how do you do these fashes? I thought it was the other guy. Well, there's a make a difference, no. Somebody stole our girls' lock box. And do you believe in the secret? Because he thought it was a lock box. Oh, yeah. I don't think the lock box, so if you stare at them, they'll be caught. It'll be traced to a Jewish for me, Joe. Two fricking Jewish and that wife had asked that bitch, he's got to go. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, man. I used to do this. Okay. I'm sorry. Just still laughing about the lock box. The watch box. Maybe there's some still homintational here too, which kick out on the look. I don't know why I'm laughing. Because I'm really too dull today. I just got too into you. Have you spoken yet about that plain crash in Missouri with a democratic senator No, what is it to say about it? I guess all I can say about it. Because I'm not going to say what I think. But I will say this. Maybe I think the democratic party is changed. I think maybe God really does like Republican better. I mean, what the heck? Well, let's say God's squad. They got the bad one. Don't you understand? They got to go to the National Shores. He's down six in the polls. He's losing women. You got them literally. You got to see it. Well, maybe if somebody kicks in in the Anthony wakes up and gets something tonight. Because that's all I would take because they noticed the poor. She are so sick of now. Because everybody hates both candidates. So all he's got to do is show her a more honest one against them. Maybe you're my kids and Jordan. Well, I'll tell you I keep them in reason. I don't know who his hand was. But remember when they said, like, Reagan be Reagan. Yeah. Well, let's go. Michael, let's out. We out. And let's think of ourselves. It kicked them out. Don't worry. Because I wouldn't doubt him be out. But you know that he does have that in him. And I just hope he just let the loser meet his lawyers and his guys. Yeah. I hope that everyone went all over his face. You know, something that get a 90-share. I'm telling you. I've written. I had asked it to a while. I said, I'll tell you. If he would just walk, just walk. You remember how we're classier walked over the, uh, I told you. I told you. If he would just walk over the WN, then they were in part in his face. Get a 90-share. Good luck. Good luck. Bye bye. Don't you think that would do it? Put him over the top. Yeah. Take that one, baby. It's effective. It's like the classification contest all over again. It's not pulling on the stomach. That's bad for you. I'll send you over to see Leruz Maya. Therapy lady. They'll do it just cool to help a bunch of paint holes. Oh, there you go. I got those scholarships. 22 before noon at 5.60. WDK, you know, got 500 open lines. I want to see some action here today. I want these bastards to wake up from their letter. It's the 17th of October already for Christ 6. The summer is over. The wild days are over. I want, do we have one suggestion on his guess which that's still eating 92-81. They won. Get to what's in the wrong. Okay. We're giving you the opportunity. Anybody give me a name. Give me a freaking name. Much than they do at that promo set. Give me a name. Do you want Alan Burke? Yeah. He's dead. How about Delta Burke? How about Austin Burke? He's dead too. 10. Going around, you know. 21 before noon. And he has a book so we can think of what our death is. Come on, you're a friend. How about Peter Lenin? Sounds like Burke. Hey, wait me. As a pair. It was the door. Just the bread to death for a world. Yes, he can't feel blood in Bernie's hands. And we never discover when he lies. We're going to film the next whole year. We're the cohort for sure. We still have a fierce politician just so innocent here. Never quite as honest as they would appear. Shake hands and give babies a kiss. And later on up to something so can't the left. No wonder why we're also confused. They get how more and clearer it's that thing of you. And that's how we will never again be betrayed. But no matter what you do, it's not a fun night. A cross of fingers today, by afternoon, that's your day. It's what the story of a girl looks at the path of death for a world. That she can't feel blood in Bernie's hands. If we never discover when he lies. Yeah. That's a kick from another five six. We're not gonna have to. I'm in 40. Hustle got us an F.H. We're sad and of course, for sure. They are 67. We're in the Palmetto Expressway McDonald's and Mickey B's. The other the B stands for Mickey B's, don't you? Well, I'll pay you later. Look for the QA in band between now and two at McDonald's. 67. And the Palmetto Expressway McDonald's. They got those CDs to care of cassettes. And of course those. They got five in the skirt. They can't. And the brand new, uh, that's the new petriots for this year. Just got a compliment for one of these other five. They're great. They're really great. They'll be the usual clock. So go and see the lovely Miguel. We can do a lot better in 140 bucks. I think that's that. Let's get going. Like they had the clock. They showed it. What is with this crowd? Are they in morning? Well, I'm sorry. They should give me an idea of clue. And police somebody made the effort to fax. At least at least they give it credit for that. Here's the list of great guests that we just faxed to me. First name, D.I. The Hatsa. He's not gone out of load. Stop it, standing me. I want to tell you, Danny, what I heard of, father. Those colleagues are all getting to know if I don't play a similar suit. I want to tell everything I know. For some things they're playing a similar suit. He needs to find a meaning more of that. I want to trade up the signal by. Since the bourgeois. Well, it's a fair body's got to go. He's probably wasn't too kind of going to show up. He needs to do that. You know, you don't rich. The British told the man, But it's all in. And he told mother. Tell him, Where's the two of them? I'll be talking. I'm gonna tell everything. I know. You know what that is. There you go. So he still lives. Oh, I got the crap. Now, that's the special spectra man. The guy's dead. The guy's dead. And you're making fun of that last. I hope that he's having a. Oh, I think he can be pissed off about it. Now he's used to it. Guess who's number two on this horse? At the end of the good guy. And he's the, you know, we already did that. That's why played that. Told some time too. Guess who's number two on this horse? Talk about terminal and boring. Another good guy. But I mean, boring. Michael Putney. Of channel 10. Do you want him on the show? No. No. Broward's course will pretend to duck their Frank. Till. How about the guy from Big County with a bad hippie? He's Dr. Froad. Like the snowman. Bigger bad hippie. Who's you see? How we've worked with all these things? Guess who the next name is on Louis speaking of bad. That's my crew for. Check hook on it. No. Where's the net? Here's a clue. It's a lie. I am not. I'm not. So at least I can get his hat. Richard. Anybody else saw you? So at least I can get his hat. Richard? Anybody else saw you? Oh. Woody. Woodie. Woodbury. Who? Here's the guy. And the next one is the guest. This is the reason why the light bulb is gone. All of those people are the way at the wind. Woodie Woodbury. At old washed up comic. Used to be in full water there. Like here for 100 years over there on the big. When you were people under the age of 100 allowed there. My good cross friend Craig Wooding is on the list. How do you like that? Or we can make an exception. Yeah. What do you think about the number of people? The president of the software council, Boy Scarlet and America. Dave Thomas. He don't have time to be on the show. Trying to form his next heart attack. Todd Tongen from Channel 10. What would we talk about? Maybe we could ask who Todd's Tongen, but that's about it. I think I have a pretty good idea. But now at least, I'm sure he's still alive, which I doubt Tom Carvelle. Oh, I don't think so. He's got a good idea. He did Tom Carvelle. Oh, my God. Okay, push. I'll see from Jersey. Does he look down here Tom Carvelle? I sure hope not. So there's a worse desert for a mental protection given idea of what is in store for the audience. I think people are going to be squeezing themselves. They'll be squeezing each other. They'll be dancing because that's in the middle of the suit. They don't know what that means. Because we're going back to the guest, baby. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'll write. And let's get the cops and watch my boys listen to you. I got a couple of points to make. Go ahead and see in the Canca problem. It's funny that this picture is 265 million people. So don't we have to pick from? I think we need to ask you. This is all I want to read. I want to read them. Because I think they're personally going to blame. I think the system is behind them. Because people are rising up. Push to a corner. Has more experience in Bush. But there are a couple of points like to make one. But overall, I don't think you're the one. What do you want to talk about Bush? The only thing is. Actually, what I'm trying to do is the push is that he has a little more sense of humor. He comes out. He's not as flaky as rigid as alcohol. It's all the time. You know, something that's probably the first thing I think of when I go to vote for president. I'm going to be voting this year. Who's got a sense of humor? Who's a cracker joke? So the next step is that the reality. But overall, the goal is more polished. It should be the better candidate. But with people the way they are, you never don't have them three weeks. The citrus canker part. I know. Yes. A comment about the bottom dollar. There are three companies that were subconscious about the state. Three nurseries to do the eradication problem in accounting. And they charge between nine and 12 dollars per tree. So that's why that poor talk is because they want to get in and out. That's why I think those people might done it with you. I think they are right. So they charge between nine and 12 bucks and they can verify us from the paper couple weeks ago. And the more they do, the making astronomical money, you numbers per month. So, originally in the 1900 trees that were way, were not susceptible to it. But when they saw the bottom dollar, they will go to 2. So, what the bottom line is, the bottom dollar, the more they can't count them what they make. I say let's believe the goddamn trees are on that line. I think you are right in heaven. And back to it. Please, the goddamn trees are long. Let's go and not people shall act too late for George. But how about somebody else out there and their dogs? See, the trees I could live or, you know, I could take a leave. You're promptly, that's another story. But the dog, at that point, is where we draw the line on the sand. When you start messing with dogs, that's where several start getting really, really poor dogs. You asshole chanker people you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. And say that's the kind of thing that your devotion be on, favora. Here's where you didn't dig government, let's say I must say, FM movie. Then he likes it. He does not keep doing them, they get them all, it comes to helping people at this degree. He needs help. But when it comes to FM movie life, I'm sticking to the nose and it's getting the reason to dig government. If he doesn't believe in big governments, like, like, who was it? Was it one of them saying last night, maybe it was near a coma? If he doesn't believe in big governments, what's he running for president for? I think George McGovern said that. But he said he's not running for president of the colonists. He's running for president of the US. The most powerful position in the world, and he hasn't believed in big governments. Just more, just more smokey, blow on way in the air. It's all of us. Just like that conservative fashion in both class. Compassionate whatever it is. That's why Hermann Geering said too. And even Dr. Mangaloc said the same thing. We're calling them likely, as what you said. He's the first one to say that. Here's my any, Hermann. Yes, sir. I don't know. All right. Let's go, please. Listen, I got off my own gas for you. Maria, I was playing Kyya. You can't talk about the licatropi you were. About what? The licatropi. Like Hamford P. Yeah, you know, there we are. We're going to go, um, uh, I wear a book. Yeah. How about Long Cheney Jr. What is it? I'm going to get them on together. Book the book that you'll. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. Where is it? How about Mickey Day? Let's get her on. Oh, huh? Do some psychic readings. Or would you get the privilege? Yeah, but just clear. Yeah, she's my favorite. Yeah. Get the crack out the old taro cards. She's a reading writer on the table. You talk about, well, I'm going to have to tell you. Now, seriously, never be an open phone line. And I think back to her is, what do you have to do about it? It's the truth. That's what I'm 30. Bioreathems, psychic readings. Of course, if you measure the, I'd say people will think that because you have a lot of phone calls into a lot of people listening, if there are 10 people like you do, and bioreathems, 10 people on the phone, that means 10 people are listening. And as soon as they get their own personal reading, they're gone. Because they don't care about Jewish Mendelists. They don't care about his bioreathems. They're gone. They're gone. But that was great. Tell me something about me. Tell me something about me. Just make it up. But tell me something good about me. Or even bad about me. Just say something about me. Because I feel, you know, small and significant. I'm not big and important. Like all those big superstars. Who, who never have a bomb movement. I want all your kids out there if you're skipping school, you really don't understand. That famous people don't have bomb movement. You do any of that smelly stuff. That's only for the rest of us who want so famous. But the rich and famous people, they don't do stuff like that. They only get laid a lot. And it's always very glamorous. Here's David. Hello. Yes sir. You're just chill and Friday's stock. Yeah. You're just power spying 101. And I need to hear that one. I'm looking for entertainment. Yeah. See this is entertainment show. That's what I'm trying to bring it back to. I realize that, you know, he's at a lot of directors. A lot of pressure. And pay table people to make those calls to the show. Yes. They've been never to watch. Now the past is what they called Fridays unbelievable. On your talking, Panthers and you tell me that the Palestinians suffers there. And I'm sorry that Brodo. I don't want to show up at the beginning unless she's going to sit on my face. Now they got a rock band playing down the team. They got a rock band playing down the team. They got a rock band playing down the team. They got a rock band playing down the team. And they wonder why nobody's come to the game. Great sections from where you sit now. They got a rock band playing in the TV time at home. Well, so we have more noise than ever before. And they wonder why the people can't don't come back. You know, you people in the organization. I'm not on the road, but I'm sure that the organization people are listening. Right now, I keep trying to tell them if you want people in there, make it a more enjoyable experience and crank it up to decibel volume and keep it in the noise constant. It's not the way to do it. Now hey, I fight two panper packs. I sit in the $70 piece with my wife. I eat it the oasis before I go. Yeah. I only have to spend 50 bucks to have a really good time for two people. So the prices don't matter to me. But if they don't do something about the constant noise. I'm not going on anymore. I don't blame you. All right. So there you go. We don't want to threaten or anything like that. But just tone it down and give us some time to think to bring it up. We have an e. There's just a little less than that. I don't know. What is it? Much of hard asso. Hard heads. And that's what you need. You need a hard hat when you go in there. Which I've got in ear plugs. Montreal has been sell out their old home opener. 2000 and they seek their second game. There's some real serious problems there. But don't think he was very badman. Because after you get the other 30 teams and leave, it'll be all set. The Leafs suck. The Panthers suck. Everybody sucks. Here's a moment when my name is. Yeah. I just called it say that that last call. He was absolutely wrong. That show on fire was great. And as far as I'm concerned, there's no reason why you should have any guests because you don't need them. My opinion is that. I mean, George, he addressed the issue that's very relevant right now. Did a fine job. Got somebody out of the show. You did a fine job. But it's just living in the little Leafs. He's very relevant. Yeah. But I mean, a real point of view besides some religious nut. So I thought it was a great job. You know, there's a point of view as real. I don't know if it's real. But I mean, a week is coming. It sounds like humans. Is real? Is real. I'll see you, pal. Have a nice day. He said you did a great job. Okay. And don't take any crafts like I've always told you. I'll put up with any garbage from these names. I'll be first day. He did it. Now they love you. And I'm the next money that I hate you like. Poison again because they're sickle. Those are bothered me. That's what I say. Are you wrong, man? You pissed off the bush people. Then you pissed off the grump people. And you pissed off the jewelry with people. And I'm pissed about the Middle East people. That's what I say. I'm here. Like I said before, it's an entertainment show. If you learn what will something wrong away just by us, most of us, that's a bonus baby. That's a free bonus. No like they're freaking charge. That's right. So we'll let George do one of those real super educational shows about once every five months. Don't do too much in the summer, please. Okay. Oh. No, because the reason they like to show us in the summer is because you were talking about sex and clothing stuff. They like that. That's what Maddie got to have. Heading ass. So stuff. That's really education like eating ass. That's what they want to hear. That's what they want to hear. That's what they want to smell. Yeah. God. And don't mix the two in there like palestinians eating ass. I mean, oh geez. Not at lunchtime. God. Oh. You take the ear plug contestion for the arena. I'll take the nose plug contestion for that one. God. And then of course there's always the echo plug. For radio five six to WPWM my heavy portfolio of Beansley broadcast group station. WWQAM.com. Or more. I'll put it on the London for you. But I got. I don't know where they're going to buy them. I don't know where they're going to buy. They don't know where they're going to buy. They don't know where they're going to buy. Who sees hop transfers, whether it's cattle or they just mex rolling our way? And I jump into the lips and every speech of a Pokev six, and the Nose is gay. Gallery hates you. Anyone from the halls p not Cool Place alumni all spots of all its own moods. Gallery hates you. Oh, I want to catch your license on the arm. No. God, keep us down. I want our ball all around. We're moving on one, two, six. I want a prize. Good, two, seven, good. Ram, mine, it's in the new toy. Hillary, age two. Probably two at five, six. Your WQM. Here's a fact that you're a guy. Which you just handed the magazine with to him. Burstly, give it to me until this point. From some laundry head. I mean, some Palestinian guy. Mohamed Diab and Boko. It could be some other kind of error. So appreciated you were open to Jews of Jews under par par problem and your violent anti-Semitism and keep it up. He said, also here's the fact that says, get involved with local politics. Like you did on WDWS. And I'll wait, but wait, can you hear the best line? Jim Phillips is making a good living doing that down in Orlando. Down in Orlando, okay? You see, the heaven and the hell crowd, the Jews is Christ. There's a one to tell you, like, up and down is an up and down, to down being hell. And of course, I think this guy's got a point. Down in Orlando. Jim Phillips is making, if I could just go back to doing bringing local power positions, maybe I could make a good living in. I'm interested. Yeah, I can't figure out where the market is in the tunnel again. They want? Which would be Sam? I said, there would be somewhere. Then I could be a contender, you're right. Going back to local politics. Like I did on WS News. Just to my work, keep going backward, kid. Just keep taking civil big, big, big steps back with. Just like this company's going to do in three weeks. I have a six feeling and a bit of my stomach. Here's for modern day, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? All right. Listen, I know you don't watch Fox News, but you're not a fucking helpin'. I will work. You're going to work with this. You don't burn me famous as a kind of person from Vermont. He's been the pangerine. Yeah. He's facing all of his opponents. His repoverty is a conservative, right wing. Fascist, yeah. Well, it all types. And he has to go to the office. This is a god of a truth. He happens to be repoverty of any of the trans-sensual. Really? So how many god? And we bother getting to not kick him out of it. They're going to keep him in the race. And I was funny, which we were watching on Fox News. It was a great deal with talking about it. And there's a unique race in Vermont. You can verify by calling the Republican news. And the Republican, the leader of Congress, there happens to be a Republican trans-sensual, which kind of funny can look at it. I'm not going to get a lot of men in liminfo. That's sexual. Listen, I speak about the E.S. I know it's hurting. Oh, I listen. And Greenspan is speaking on Thursday. Oh, boy. Do me a favor, Neil. Don't be an individual, Fox. You know, why don't you go ahead of me? My most of my money is not individual. OK. But in fact, the only individual, I have a lot of you'll be loved this with Zerox. Well, there's always talk about it. Why would you buy the United States one hundred, the QQQ that also the carbon-hundred technology stock? It's already down 50%. And this goes to sleep and forget about it. And you've got to do it. Ha ha ha ha. It's a, it's a, it's a index spot. You have to, I mean, if I were almost 100 copies go down and it's probably the winner who's going for the press. And so I don't see the United States following any footage on this week to then amount to reach out. Oh, it's down 707 right now. And it's the only news. So that's all I would do. I get to you on the highest cost, a micro-sorbent hour. Yeah, micro-sorbent. Then my stock program, which really told me it's 71. And it was a great, great buy at 71. I said, I don't think so. It's 50 bucks now. Now I know, but you still have, you have, you have, you have chronic baby utipran, CNF, you have all the top 100 technology stock. You have 100. I'm just taking it all the confidence work. All right. But I don't have a good time with my money. Well, we've said, speak some Thursday. Oh, why? I don't forget the transaction. From all. OK, thanks for your news. OK, two bad pieces of news. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If we had a good guest called any extra far, those are guest lovers out there. Couldn't really tell on our pool. Anybody after that have a tight pool? Should the show go back to guests and topics? See, I figured on the show during the early on. Did we have any guests during those days? During those months and months? Or we were the one horse of sanity in this town here. Did we have any guests? Oh, did we talk about having any guests? Oh, no. Was there a need to have any guests? Oh, was there any buddy that we were wanted to have on the show other than the fishermen? Oh, no. What's the point? Didn't we do an adequate job here, I think? No. The point was, if I had said the things that I wanted to say about the Middle East, I would have come off Sunday. Very energetic. Now you're getting defensive again. I'm talking about the show you've done a Friday. I'm just talking about January. January. That's what I was. Huh? Yeah. I mean, we had our growth in the one journey that one day, oh, a bunch of federal, washed out dunes on a show. Oh, no, of course not. Then I didn't, and everybody I talked to. Well, that was great. God, we were peeling our pants. Why would we get a great role in this great about that show? I must be doing something wrong. Doesn't go from the front. And it wasn't way from New Sand. And they were sitting right between us there in the middle. Big, poor, hairy Jews, which I know he still listen over there. And don't call me again. I'll tell you, I'm off the air. So, Terri, hint about how he's stoned over there. Listen, I'm even in that. Go out there and get a job. Yeah, some kind. Yeah, I don't want to tell you where that might happen, but nevertheless, wherever in a very dark room, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6. 5, 5, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile and West Palm, hello. Mobile and West Palm sounds really bad to me. Try my M.I.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, I am. Go ahead. I got a suggestion for her. Yes. Yes. That's it. Where do you write to the Miami Hills, the Blues? Well. I can't pronounce her. That man, that man, that man, that man, was it. I'm afraid. Where are the girls? She's going. If I American, she's going. She's not coming over. Someone, who's not Mercedes, that's the adjorn wants to. And he's a pretty hotman. They're very, very good with the being mayor. Yes. And if she's got the ball to come in or we'll show one on one with you to see a lot of her. She's not writing anything good about the government now when they came in and talked that with all of them people in the clubs. Yeah. The money to get them back on the city again. Yeah, and then we'll be pushing these to the studio maybe who will pinch your green cards. I have a question. Maybe you're going to be right. Okay. Well, thanks for the abad suggestion. We want her on the show. No, in fact, her color makes me nauseous. It's a bit too short. You're out of the van and they're dying over there. They said. Well, that's because nobody's listening. We got one call on the board when I raised many money for our time hearing good after a divander. They're all gone. They want gas. They want the middle east. I told you, you totally turned off subside down here. We've got the wrong crowd listening now. They're shooting waiting for something that's not going to happen. I'm coming in here with a good mood. I want to entertain. I got my therapy yesterday. I got my wrist a little less lint than it was before. Resultier the way around. I think it's getting back to the weakness that it was before. And I'm making a little bit of a fist. But I'm okay. But they're out there to make animals under the sea. They pick that location. What do they want from me? They pick a coming location like that because Miguel is being a professional student today. We don't have any listeners out there. The final 677 in the thumbnail, the billionaire, you are clock. Who is out there? Who's out there? Don't give me any looks. How is that? That's not dark. Are you kidding me? Those are darkies out there. 677 with the problem at all. They've moved that far. Out there, it's huge. No wonder the Cuban didn't move it all the way into the Everglades. That's the idea. 9 minutes after you know it, it's 5. It's 7. If you were a kid, 2. We didn't have the little video came. If you were the people on our website. They would have been very entertained with the sea george. Do you know what I think it was? The flu. It's a visual. Yeah. 9 minutes after know it's 5. 6. Put Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 5. 60. 2. A. Pat on the way. It's got a huge pair. I'm the corner of fourth and breaker in the heart of New York City. There's a hooker who can suck the chrome off a tailpipe. She's been trained in the congego arts and she was only 18. And she seemed more loads come her way than the receptionist in the weight washers. But if you want to be this lady in action, you got to know exactly how to find her. And when you do, you've got to bring cash. Because hookers like her may do what you want. But they don't take Lisa or American Express. Hey, baby. If you got the bread, I got the bread or honey. Dad. It's everywhere you want to be. 4. 8. 5. 50. If somebody can help you out, you don't know for all your Fed is. It is a miracle that he can actually stand erect. And I use that expression very loosely. Here's a fact from Shelley and my name is Springs who are along with some other stuff that she says about the cancer police. Please know trafics. This day the way you are. That's what Shelley says my name is Springs. Oh God damn, comics. He wanted that this gives me a lot about professional ethnic. Like they do with the Middle East and the Cubans with their ppl obsession. If you could just for one day, just be a regular human being with no labels attached. You'd be amazed at how your interest would be. A much more diverse and much more meaningful. The things that you that you expand energy thinking about and worrying about being involved in. Things that really have some impact on our real lives. As opposed to things that you're all worth cup of water. Have that anything that you do with your real life. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I mean, I got a couple suggestions for some guests there. Okay, here we go. Alright. Well, the top part of the news tell me about the OJ Simpson is ongoing private investigation in the murder of the wife. Yeah, okay. And how about the Marius Alisa's Gonzalez? You could find out what the hospital professor is. Marius Grecian. Okay. Thank you. Which one do you like this? 560560. We got 600 open line here today. We're talking about the Middle East. Who's right to Jews, the Palestinian, the Fabrician of Goiam. 560560 pound. Well, I got to pretend I'm talking about that because then maybe I'll get some calls. I doubt it though. We're in a coma phase now. We're just in that total coma phase. Here's a mobile in Bokie. Hello. Good back to topics. She had you back. Third, very weak. Okay. Here's our last call. I've no idea what some convinced him up on the phone. No, deal. Yes sir. I got some names for you. Okay. Take your time. You're our last call. You think of things. You can see no span. That's a good one. Can't do it. Come on. You can do it. Come on. Don't hang up. We're gonna do that. Okay. We got no calls. Now let's do it. I'll go get a cool restaurant. Yeah. Get a clean restaurant here again. All right. They'll come there best of them. Clean restaurant here. Okay. No calls on the board shows over. Good night. The Jordan is going to be taking over the show tomorrow. I'm going back to Amsterdam. Getting paid for it. We're not working the next seven or eight months. Pretty obvious. The Saudi is going down on the show. I got pity that. And I can take a clue. Doesn't bother me in the least bit. Long show. Check. He coming every year. 15, 20 days. Whatever it is. Find with me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the 18, 3. And Verizon. Why was fly? Too bad he couldn't get the straight push. I think we were going somewhere there last call. I'm not sure we want to go here. But I think we were going. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Yeah. I knew. Yes sir. I wanted you to interview our service. Yeah. Maybe that would be something interesting. How about hearing how it on his own show? Sounds pretty good to me. Have somebody dialed up for you. Like I'm big 105.9 in the morning. I'm sure somebody could dial it up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the 18, 3. And Verizon. Why was flying? Yeah. How would need a lot more publicity? Here's a mobile and start my interview. Hello. Don't approve. Yes. Please. What is it? You're just. Please. You're fine. Just the way you are. Okay. Okay. Listen. I've got a personal information. I'm not profitable to you. It's a business for my voice. I'm not afraid by the news. Okay. Thank you. So he's going to wonder what happened. I think some of that should have hung up on me. Your phone was like that. Yeah. Like that. So I do the best I can. I try to be a little bit on the patient side. Don't I try to be a patient? I'll go a little bit. And I just can't put that on the ear because your phone blows. But then again, a lot of things that grow. Here's my interview. I thought I'd be just kidding on this whole tanker police thing. I actually did a girl who works for the agriculture. You got a tanker, yeah? And the funny thing is that she's been getting an X-Tine year old in charge of like 200 people out there cutting trees. The whole thing is, they're going to cut down every tree you would or has tanker or not. And what they do is they come out of your tree. They don't have the tanker. They say, well, there's a tree down the block. It does have tanker and it's within such and such yard. It's funny. Oh, we got to cut yours now. You know, it would be people who are just spreading it around more than anything because when they cut down the trees, they leave leaves flying all over the place. Yeah. They drag the trees all around the yard. So if you don't have tanker, now everything's spread all over the place. They're smeared it around. They're smeared it. They're smeared it. And I thought it was something that's really useful. And I think that's what I'm going to do here. So I'm going to cut out every tree regardless of what it can. And it's a whole big scam. You know, in closing, I know it's up to you these late but for the 13th. Don't fret it. Can you play a virgin Mary? Okay. Thank you. You got it. There you go. It's picking on the catlacks again. Yeah. 5605060. Pomp my safety. See how I tell you what they could mess around with your edges back yard and cut those trees. That doesn't bother me. You know, I heard him winding about it on a year for a long time. I thought he'd have it on the other side. When they set one, I didn't want to bother him on the other side. They had you doing. I didn't have a share of it. Off to you. I thought it happened while I was growing. The inspection I knew it was good or not. But no. You were talking about it on the other side. No. You never mentioned it once. Was it inflation? So here's not a bad topic. Then the guy damn little leaflets. You'll have to pay you that right now. Well, like I said. But I'm going to tell you when they start messing with people's back yard like you. It's just a little bit. But when they start messing with dogs, that's why they start getting pissed off. Okay? You'll check their people. We hate you like poison. Oh, these are poison as L.A.C. I like poison. Seriously, I hope she sees them for $15 million freaking dollars and the jury will do 100 minutes. Just out of being generally pissed off for killing her nice little four year old boxy bar. Not for what have been a min pin. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hey, clean that's the width of ringer. She didn't know what she was talking about. She had the same view as any 18 year old debut. I'd like to tell the people I yesterday and nobody believed in. The whole thing was a put on over who'd do a 100 year old. He was a say we asked the crew. And it was just a put on. She wanted to do a lot of it. She was really curious. She hasn't even been to Brooklyn much less to Israel. You got the best guests in the whole goddamn country. Hey, man. That's it. God bless you. The section of the mail. Okay. That's right. I own guest. Okay. My guest today is. Oh, God. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Thanks for action. Clean Esther. Was that her name? Coach Knott. You just got to tell me who name was Queen Esther. Which of course you know what Esther that's a Dasa means Esther in Hebrew. I can't. She didn't need those fake name because she didn't want to get blown up. She wanted to get blown around. She had one of those. 5.5. 50. I'm sure. Well, she couldn't have been too hot. She must have been a lukewarm. I was like, so she's in the building. Is it somebody that I know? No, she's not. There was even better number of things with the lips. I'm sorry. That was bad. Oh, good thing when I'm on TV. I'll tell you that. Whoo. Anyway, speaking of the lips for 40th of any better way. Is that better? What was it before? Two something. Well, see, it's better. We finally picked it up a little bit. Maybe some other sports is a school about the seven learning guts and the CDs. See, I didn't know that that was a dark area. Why would they be going into a dark area with our stuff? First of all, it's probably like you're going to get hell of number one. Number two. We got dark people listening to the show. Lots of them and they loved the show because they got to go to the cinema. Maybe they just don't understand what I'm talking about. But number three, they haven't got any money. They haven't got no money to go out there and buy it up best. Yeah, that's what we're hoping that they're going to do, but I don't think so. See, I think that's new being our Chrisers, the nephew. He's pissed off because I worked him on here as he was there. So another going to go out with a fan every day. We're going to go out of areas where they know we have no audience. And then they're going to say, oh, I'm cheater. It must be nobody. Listen, that old man because we're on the way. 500 bucks there today. That's not true. I'm just a preview wrong. They're going to throw the city tomorrow. Yeah. In girls on their Thursday. And they're range on Friday. They should know how to pick them. They'll feel that we have good down there. And then again, he looks like a flicker. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's another one, Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got a, I'd like to hear that, I'm a religious man. I'd like to hear that, whoever got Jones speak on your show. Who knows that? He, whoever got Jones, he's down there. On, that, that Georgia Jazz that was on their wall back on your program. The Church of Jazz. Georgia Jazz. Georgia Jazz. Yeah, I was linear. Yeah, the church of Jazz. He, he runs that almost church down there. On second Avenue. Yeah. That's what they got. What's got to the fireball. It's for the guy with the disciples you talking about. The church of the, uh, jazz, the one that did. Your gay him. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I am on there. I like to hear him speak. Need to ask what I do. We could find him. He's your gay. The best. Get an idea each year. Get 110 share. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the ATT. The, oh, it's big in a shares. What the, uh, book of an out. The summer book. Which will be a monument to George and the great job that he did. Even almost as good as that great you're on Friday. Would that take, uh, is really? What the, is it coming up? I don't know. No, why come eat on our business? Of course, that bozo over there. You know, I'm not going to be a pro-runs for a 3 hour lunch. So we won't find out from him. Who are you calling? Who would know about? Yeah. He's not going to be in there. It's 25, you are your mind. 25, that's your noon and you think that bluff is going to be sitting on a jazz in there and a programming. When he officially can be out for lunch for 2, 3 hours. It's gotta be next week sometimes. That's not a weekend. Then got to be kind pretty soon. I smell like bonus money. Did you ever get the bonus from the, uh, no. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. I'm telling you, they will be in those next. Take check in three days. One, three days. Oh, you mean you, um, directed by the way. We're trying to have them a lot of two weeks passed by the con, I haven't pulled them yet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and color red, hello. Y'all, mama! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Okay. And the great guest. Y'all, yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I think I know where George found that queen. Someone saw a beach at the back door lounge. Could be. Um, he's a good person. I think you and George should alternate, uh, being each other's guest, uh, at least, basically. Okay. How about that idea? That sounds pretty good to me. Okay. So what do you think about the Jews, George? Oh, 11. 26 past, 12. Don't go off half-baked. That's what George always says to the Jews. 26 past noon at 5.60. WDQAM. Isn't that what you always say? I'm going to read that bush book on here. Yeah, we got to big debate coming up tonight. You people aren't taking this too serious. That's the feeling I'm getting about it. You got to start taking a little more serious, but you're all on the list. Take it. Very goddamn serious, because it's only three weeks away from auction. They got them at which I will be voting 40 or 50 times for a man who's like a dead man, but never to lunch. He's our buffer. Oh, he's our buffer. He's this guy. Woo! I saw the kid in that burial club and he wakes up the next day in the White House. And the oral officer, that's what I say. Make him an offer we can't refuse. Just the Jews answer in there. Father, the upper and all all the boy. I'm a Catholic. Oh, right, man. As a group depends on you. As a power you go down. If you've named his life, you might lose your life. He's got a job on your kids. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Lord, we go down again. Perfect� yo. You have a bad two child, too. We're not the way you fought your 22 seconds. With a big suis in your chest. O'errrr prestigious, I love you. You know, no war, I'll Cry, Please. Woohoo. I'm not going to get that 2A in vain, it's not there in Dark Town. McDonald's, North West, 6-7A in the Palma Road till 2am. I will use the market about, you're the one that said it, you gave me that lift thing, that big bat lift, it's not a wrong side of the road. Well, I'm sorry, but that's where they wound up. They got the best in the OCDs and cassette and it was nifty keychain, which you cannot give, especially you can get the CDs and cassette at the specs, however, all over town, and Port Myers and Naples. Here's the fact I'm Sean, who says, my grandmother used to sing a song to me when I was in child, I think I heard you play it once. It went, have you ever met a girl so big and fat that when you go to school, you don't know where you're at. To grab a piece of chalk in your hand and hung away and chalk away to see where you began. Who can sense play that song all the time? If you know the name of the artist, it sounds like something that they would play it, but it sounds like something that would play. Like beer is good for you, along with ice. Yeah. And, like you noticed on our these CDs that we get, I always chalked across off the ones that are the, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little more than a pot of wine. Well, Rick likes those own pot of wine, that's his, you know, beer is good for you. And what's yet to play is all the time? I like Chinese, I like Chinese. Very good. Of course, not that there was a big variety of shoes from, but one from Colomani, one from the north of India. 560, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T. We shouldn't be knocking poor Rick and such. Zero, but you're at a stupid touch with no numbers, no audience. We're doing the best we can to promote them. Once we get Bob and Tom over here in the morning, then we'll have to stop doing that. Huh? In fact, even Joe, I started a little dog in a hall this morning. He said, once that Bob and Tom started here taking our place, I said, pretty soon, Joe. And people just seem to get paranoid, terrified, insecure, looked at he's always got on his foot. 660. She, we're doing it, baby, even with a dark folks out there in a palm middle. Be sure to bring your passport when you're out there in a palm middle because they're certain parts of it. You haven't got any ID, what country you're in. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Oh, how are you Neil? Okay. Hey, how are you going to get guests confirmed? You guess when you can't even get a freaking keychain in a stack. Yeah, that's true. That's a good point. I got a good idea. I've got a good desk for you. Look at our bones all morning. So you and you and him go back and forth of how you guys are doing. Okay. Okay. I'll hold up my wrist and he can hold up his kidney. 560, he's in 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Out of town is open for the course to get here in Fort Myers and nobody else would call us on that line. No, no, not for lover money. 877, you know the rest. My father. 276 votes of our poll is his heavy duty. Heavy Carmichael, how did you let it drop in? No. Rick Wiley plays, heavy Carmichael. Do you know who that is? No. Oh. When he, this is a man when he was young, he was old. That's how old he was. He was an old-time cornball, kind of like the Gabby Hayes of music. He was a big Carmichael saying all these corny, like novelty records about 100 years ago. And that's what it was. And maybe that's why Rick has got those numbers. 277, that's our number on our poll so far. Should the show go back to topics and get once and a while. This is pretty close. Every once in a while we asked you a question on the thing. It's a little sub-opsided, but today it's moving into a real battle here. A battle royal. Once in a while, 134, 48.3%. Absolutely, positively not. 121, 43.6%. And yes, yes. There's 22, only 7.9%. That must be the old fart crowd that are just desperate to go back to the W's new days. He would bring back all those guests. We didn't even have a guest to parents by Jerry Wichner. And maybe even a six million dollar man. There were those sandwiches. You know, the only time that I ever remember Wichner hanging up on him. Because I mean, like real fast. The fish show was like all dead people calling him. We laid back and slow. Leo slow. But I remember one guy calling him one night. I was on the way home for more. He says, hey, dear, about those sandwiches. Click. Because that was his red and butter was that the six million dollar man. That A1 King sized sandwich. That got to call our three to both. God bless you, sir. Probably the guy with a bad teeth. Yeah, can go on junior. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp, I see a new not those people all the time. And we don't do these appearances anymore. They're a lot better because you don't have to see them or smell them. Here's a lady mobile in the money. Hello. Yes. On a speaker, can you hear me? I hear you. So I take it off the speaker. It would be a lot better, but. Okay. I can hear you. Much better, yes. All right. I just wanted to. I've grown up here on 60 years old. And I'm an American. And I've listened to you for years. And you're very, very funny. Yeah. You had a great sense of humor. And I wanted to call the talk about the Middle East crisis. Oh. Have you ever been to Israel? No. I don't want to go to Israel. I've been there several times with Israel. Why? And all of my family that live in northern Israel. Yeah. And once when I was in Jerusalem, there were these fighting. And you were in the area. With the kids throwing the box and the Israeli soldiers. With the guys. Yeah. And it's very, very interesting how these things. A current how they develop and how now it's gotten out of hand because it's. What do we know now? Well, this last three weeks of violence. It's gotten a little bit out of hand. I mean, the last five thousand years of violence. So there's always a work that both had a little bit of fighting going on. And especially on the last one of the years. Uh-huh. They won't spot. And they're like, why are you telling you this? No, I just wanted to tell you that I've seen the fighting. And um, and that, um, it's um, it's really an unfortunate unfair crisis for both sides, the both losing. When these things happen, there's the border zone sound. There's no commerce going on anymore. Uh, the rest one has to close down. The Jericho has this new modern incredible gambling. Uh, you know. And the Israeli soldiers all the time. Jericho is an Arab city. Yeah. But they go there to gamble because they have to buy. And they enact the walls down on the get up, chef. I've saw the walls. I've got to get up. And uh, so no one's taking money. But to gamble and to see no. Why are you telling me this? How does this affect my life? It doesn't affect your life. I'm not about it. I'm just talking about what's going on over there. So why do you keep going back there? Are you a man's artist? No. I think it's an incredible country. It's very, very interesting. You have to go there. I mean, I would go to Italy if I were to also an incredible country. You're here to buy a Curcaine. You'll be a lot safer there. Actually, I've been I traveled for my business, and I all have family matters and I go. I'll forget about that. Who? Forget about that. Every country has something to offer. That's why I feel about it. Yeah. That's a bit of a offer, alright. Are you being smelly? I said, uh, you'd like it. It'll have a great time here. Twenty one, four one and five sixty for the two I am. See, I, those of you who are obsessed with the Israel place. Oh, my, hey. I don't get it. I had to put that up with my family on the father side. for many many years. Big Zionists, right? Yeah. And I don't know. That's it. We just because the right to the family was too obsessed, obsessive, slumping over there and slucking back and sluck it over there and sluck it back and moving there and moving back and you know that crap. Pointless. Absolutely pointless. No particular reason just because you know it ran into family. That kind of a problem. 24, 1, 5, 60, WQM, hey, I'm going to tell you, still hot is hell out there. Maybe you almost end about October. And if you want a little bit of hot air out of your car, if you want some cool air in there, go and see our good buddy Reggie at Mobile AC charging. He comes right in fact you don't have to go anywhere. He comes right to your home. Your office is about course no matter where you are. And it's a lot better than sitting around on the service office waiting for us. You know if Peter Leonard keeps handing me this kind of copy, I'm just going to say, Reggie don't pay him. Don't pay him, that's all. It's just it's impossible trying to weed through it, finding out what these people are peddling. What it is that they're doing, what their phone number is, where they are, as a post-the-peater Leonard and a shit-down company routine, which I have pages, headpages and pages of here. The deal, Roger Show, sports radio, 5, 60, and a few, hey, what's the phone number they didn't grab or. Another glorious morning, the sun is shining, I'm in bed with my last and all I need to make it perfect is the delicious side of the mold farmer factory. Farmer pecker inside or is the finest anywhere. The best, not try to have not-hecker inside or every morning. Although having some pecker inside or an afternoon is always not treat to. Sometimes I had my favorite liquor to it, and I can have some hard pecker inside or. Mmm, that's bad. So, do you listen to that special something? Well, I'm not getting the pecker inside or for you stay out. Well, what do you mean they're out in 15? What do you mean by that? It's 10, 10, 11, the two. Well, it's probably gonna be quite a bunch of darkies out there, something that they're wishing out like this. It says, right here, I've been promoting, they're gonna be there for 11, too. I want to suddenly show you something like it, 115 and they're not gonna be there. We're gonna have some pistophels, there's not there. That'll be first. Yeah. That'll be the first with our fundraising that we had pistophels, there's one at the, yeah. Oh, yeah. Like I said, from 11 to 1, there'll be at the McDonald's on Tiffy 7. Maybe they had some of that food that might have chased them out. McDonald's at 67th Avenue, palm-edward, especially, without best in Eels, you'll see it even because that, and of course, those really nifty and fantastic. Keychain. What's the deal on our pole here? Look at that, what's the, it's a battle. Once they're wild with a guess and the topics 145, absolutely not 134. Man, it is really tightening up. Can you feel it? Here's Miami, hello. Hi, the Alps. Yes, sir. So that's culturally well-traveled, maybe the only thing good about France is French fries. Maybe a much better one, than anywhere else. Yeah, when I spoke to George, I told him this last week and he agreed with me, but I guess I, it's me repeating here. Yes. That's gotta be Princess Esther. George can tell you why. He's giving me a blank look. Oh, right, George. He was lit in when I told him. There's only room for one queen. Oh, yeah, no, he called him here. It's a blank look. Yeah, that's a good point. All right. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. 560, 560, I'll tell you that you're on Friday, boy. Got this town talking. They're whipped up. See, George, a gacky and Greg Cozac. You can understand, they're not all talking about Joe. They're talking about to show that George did here on Friday, put that tube bitch. I mean, with that queen Esther. They don't come no better than an old queen Esther, that's what I'm hearing. Actually, she's pretty young. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. Also, for a modern day, hello. Yeah, Neil. Here we go. Yes, sir. Hey, regarding that cancer issue, for the past two years, they've spent the same morning. I heard in my house, I'm going to go for my citrus trees, which by the way are totally in Beth's with cancer, but does he see it? No, he doesn't see nothing. Keep selling me. They couldn't see a cancer if you had one on your lip. If you've selling me this, that it's not cancer. It's a kind of grease by the rule. Show me a picture of what cancer looks like. Is there some kind of one grease bar? Re-sponged. Yeah, so I said show me a picture of cancer. Probably got a grease bar on the back of him. So, since he can't remember what cancer looks like, he's got a picture of cancer. And he's going to show her. So he shows me this picture. I said, look, that's exactly what found these trees. And he's calling me, will not give it. And he says, no, there's no cancer here. Won't take the tree down. They're never going to give it to me. Right here, for our kids. Well, that's a good sign. They won't give you a dog anyway. Good luck, guys. That would be like going to the German colleges when you got an nasty growth, you know, from being out in the sun, playing too much golf. Golf will kill you. I don't want to get started on that again. Golf and the people who play it. Because I don't want to get our friends got thrown and upset. He went to Vegas. He was out there playing golf. I mean, is that pathetic or what? What do you say to a guy that goes to Vegas and plays golf? You're gay. You're a guy. But if you went to the German colleges, you had like a big nasty thing on your forehead. And you went there and he said, well, let me look in the book and see what a picture of a tumor looks like. Let me see what's in canter looks like. And then I'll compare it and see if maybe that's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the AT and T, and Verizon Wireless Line. That's our fourth question that one of these days very soon. Which is a bigger pan-ZS, candy, as sports, golf or football? No, at least in golf. You don't see anybody out there on a course handling other guys' balls. So, for... Can you... Here's... Here's the whole washer. So the guys that were upset yesterday, they always get very... Incentually, I bring that up. I've only got it up about 25,000 times because I know it's because it's a mall. But the football marriage out there. Because I like football. It's okay. Especially when a quarterback's good looking. But anyway, the thing about putting your hands under the center is crunch to grab the ball, so to speak. Can you imagine going out of a golf course? And there's a guy there on the green, and the guys get ready to put. Don't touch his punch. And the one guy gets down on his hand, Denise. And the other guy gets up behind him. It puts his hand under his clutch. What do you say to that guy? You're gay. Yeah, I was thinking so. But if it's a football game, oh no, that's different. You don't understand. It's a real man's board, Neil. Okay. And then it goes off to the go and take showers together when they're done. No, I don't think so. I don't think so. Yeah, but they wear those pants. They've got them all the Scottish invented it. We don't see them. I mean, if they're done after wear the kills, they're certainly done after wear those stupid pants. And there's awful panty candy. It's a flurry bird kind of socks. And it occurs. See, that's one thing everybody. The reason we hated the seller is wasn't just because of Johnny. Most of it was because of those socks. Oh. Man, talk about it about your food cakes. Here's for waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to talk about your Robby City in verse 2. But the only stadium in the country, and I've probably been in a hungry room. That's the, there is not a clock in the stadium. If you sit and look around the whole perimeter of the stadium on the inside. Yeah. Walk around with a cup of seats, sir. Yes, sir. One clock. One clock. I'm going to say, again, I've got a great idea for you. Save the money on the admission. No go to the game. And you may be able to afford to buy a watch would be good. Five, six, seven, oh, I see. I'm very suspicious of people who don't wear a watch. I'm very nervous about people who don't wear a watch, and then they'll come up and ask you what time it is. Now, I would grant you that there can be a good conversation starter, depending on the situation. Like, you know, like in the rest of your will be good. You know, let's take your watch out and put it in your pocket if you really wanted to do that. Yeah. Deep in your pocket. Yeah. I'm just feeling for my timepiece. You got the time. You said to the conversation starter, but the guys who know where why anybody doesn't wear a watch. I'm very suspect of that ability rich. They must have nowhere to be. No, I said, we're rich. They do wear a Rolex. They would be brandishing. They would be like, call it up somewhere. So the reflection from a blinded, you just to show you how much money they got so they can impress you. Just like having an ed lembergine sitting in a parking lot. And then in the driveway, who would do that? Rich assholes. Here's a parking lot. Hello. Hello. Yes. 27 year old sparkler from Ovala, all right. I think the nephew would have a big problem with sending the QA then to a real QA and then to a real dark tower. And Ovala, or Liberty City. Yeah, he would write. You know, he's a real pussy. He would never go out there. He's a voice. Listen, for the first time. I went with my wife in the night, and I saw the exercises for the first time. Excellent. And I remember when I was a kid, my mom used to tell me she was a scary movie she ever saw in her life. And she still has a name there. But I'm sitting there in the movie. And there's a scene came on a part. I can't help but hold on to boy. I'm a cat. I burst out loud. I thought I like to think of Ovala. That's when you got that from. Exactly. And my wife is like, you know, people are, you know, hey, you told me that. And then when they got to the, you know, that serious dramatic part. The power, the first look. I loved it again. All I could think about is the new rock. There you go. So you got me in trouble. You got me in the wife's neck. Excellent. Well, maybe you can go on find something good. Yeah, well, fine. And last thing I was thinking, you know, as far as, you know, to guess, I don't think you should do it very often. But I think it might be kind of fun. Maybe even entertaining. But you guys set up like a, a mobile band and like go over town. So go by the Camilla town. You know, pick some of those people from the riff rap. It's just a banana. Yeah. Sure. You get a 90% of that. Okay. Well, let me know what time you show us. There. They can't be in the house. I think I'm losing my face. 560, 50, 50, 5560 on a year. Come on. Let's get that almond brothers in ramblin man. I get goosebumps. I actually get a little bit of erect one here. That ramblin man. The almond brothers. Because I think back to that scene in that bar. I think I might have been a gay bar actually in that movie. Yeah. With father carrots and was starting to get like, I just follow a part with this whole business that was going on with poor, what was your name? I was on the blues name in that movie. Reagan. Yes. See how it, why forgot? It goes with the name. No, but when father marron turns to father carrots in the middle of that exercise, and then says, You're gay. I mean, that was pretty exciting. Here's candle. Hello. Candle. Hey, what's on the idea? I'm not going to do it. All right. I just wanted to call him because I don't want to go to the zoo. I just want to call somebody to do that. Okay. Go ahead. Just tell me give you a permission to slide right here on the real famous near Roger show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, 5, 16. I'd rather do that. I would rather do that than sit here talking about the Middle East or talking about that stuff. I'm not just picking on that cause you're just using the example. I'm glad you love the show. That's all great. I'm just not going to do it. I refuse to do it. Why should I talk about things that I don't care about? I was forced to talk about alien for months and months and months. Did I care about alien? No. I give a flying crab about alien. No. But, my mother is greasy and a freaking phony fish. No. No. But I'm not going to have it because it's annoying. It's pointless. I'm rather sitting here and going to move and look like that and have a much better time doing it. So what the audience to be honest with is if you really set up, oh no, Neil. We want to hear you. Such a great little like, yeah. You have such a brilliant mind. If you just come with us to Israel. No thanks. She's that woman. She preface through remarks. You're not fooling me for a second. I've been doing this for too long. She preface through remarks with a suck up. She's lived your all her life and I'm very funny and she's listening me for years. You're just fine. I appreciate that. That's great. But that's still doesn't mean I'm going to let her in. At that point, I should have said goodbye when she started talking to me. I'm trying to go that Israel stuff. You see what I'm saying? She was trying to like soften me up. So she could get in the get her foot in the door. It's started to give me a son of that stuff. I don't want to talk about it. There's no point. There's nothing new going on over there. Also, for the last three weeks, it's been a little more than usual. What we do when they burn the people or people to less than usual. And the children, if you want to be, yeah, whatever. It's always going on. It's just a matter of the great. The 85 minutes discussion for a piece. It's pointless. She's got me going on again. Absolutely pointless. When you do when religious fanaticism, there is no given take. There's no union in the end. There are no concessions. There's no one else where you'll find nothing to come back for the counteroff. They're also surprised that what car offer? When you do your repair or what's the point? So the waiting for the counteroffer from our son-in-law is in. They might see that yet. Oh, come in. It's in the mail. The police' movement. Along with the, along with your bonus check from the DJ. Four minutes through, I want to see if you see 2AM. This is 560. UAF. 430. 560. UAF. More modern mail. A measly broadcast group station. W-2AM.com. A-1A. But it's a real-nature hour. First, first, you'll be at the DJ's. Yes, first, first, you'll be at the DJ's. Yes. First, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Second, you'll be at the DJ's. Nami? Yeah, I think that she's better with her, with her, with her left hand. And then we understand that these are the extra, so we can also do it with both hands. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18, 3, and Verizon Wireless Live. All right, got several open-arms. And there I just mentioned that because we got 47 minutes to go. And if you don't call, we're going to put a guest on. Here's the pearl, man. We got a pearl that's cutted in a witch's. I do have a anche of an app within 15′ with an app, creating Amelia's estope on, and when I see people coming from the bedroom speaking as awoman, she was looking to have a Golden Lightshade about 200 minutes. No. When lightiders come out, you know what? of course if we had anybody calling with the name of the guest that we want to have undershadowed all that anybody in the arms would ever want to hear it all. You want to know if you can close and I commend the guy for having a push to cancel you recommend it was the guy. That guy. The river and his disciple. The minister of the holy of Pistola. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes. The elevator. Yes. Yes. Speaking of that. This is Reverend Chaz. And I would like to say that the actual Jones will not be coming in to your studio to speak. And I wish this whole thing would come to an end. All my disciples now are just way out of hand thinking that this is what I'm encouraging this. It's spread almost down to law souls. Okay. Please. God's way. It fits any more. Please. Okay. You're gay. You're gay. Please. You're gay. You're gay. You're gay. You're gay. You're gay. Please. You're gay. You're gay. You wouldn't want to know what's church and we're a mockery now. You're gay. You're gay. It's spreading all the way to our solar species. They may have a few things done there. I'm going to show you. But I want you. 567 and a hidden time to work setting this time. Then you thought don't push you rock. Okay. But I want to be 6 months. I was like you were really panic. 567 and a 567. That's the number of call of prices right. It's okay. It's not. They said it in the past. But Bob Barker is quitting. How do you like that? Oh. He's a hundred and twenty two years early. Once and stuff. Spinning that damn thing. And they're going on to some of the other stuff. Like if there's something that we had Bob Barker down here at here at here at that dogwood in the backyard. I guarantee those chancel people in the been anywhere near that yard. There would be a lot of people in the dogwood in the spirit of the press. The stuff that goes on. And like you people are worried about cram. Do you have anybody to call the radio about alarms or morning and there's a kidney? I mean off the year. No. Not one. No. That's probably because Hank played the best conference for more time yesterday. Which was really really cool. Now I was really good. I was really good. I was bounding it out. That was funny. Robert Jones. He's got the best conference a few more times. Then he's got a story about how he got his voice on the weekend. Yeah. The massage therapist, the Julia five fingers. She's related to Frankie Panpenjley. She gave him the answer over. Here's for water day. Hello. Well, yes sir. Yeah. How you doing? I'm calling about that. You're a coach. Yes sir. They came here about four times. They never knocked once. And the guy that came I've had my treat since I had the half which was 10 years. And I've actually said that three was five, six years old because it was like 20 C. I and my team. But then hundreds of graper. Which I gave to my neighbors and friends and stuff. I mean, great for you could eat like an orange. Anyway, they came in here and I really didn't have much to say about it when they did come. And I had to like stand back and watch them cut this out. Now, this tree, if I had it done a new system, but I had no pain in treating it. It was like a good therapy or like some from me to do around the house. But I came in and ripped that in a change of ring tree. And when I did notice you get to destroy the some more clean ponds that were in pot. Some more. Where are what? Where are we? We're clean ponds. Yeah. Yeah. And I thought I ought to serve on the fruit. First of the grapefruit and the tangerine. And then the real clean. Right. Yeah. And we destroyed like a hand like there's those things in my life at night. And like an antique wheel grab, it's been sitting back you for a long time. I wanted to know the thing is, I should collect the other one. I got left. Yeah. And like today, I know the state they scraped up the whole gavey area. But all the really lucky was a powerful for us and really not much to say about it. Yeah. Sounds like a power crap to me. And when the guy came, I asked him could I just like save my tree. And he said, now you're within the perimeter of this one tree they had found. And then the tanker that tanker not used to actually mean that's what it is. Well, they left down the street. Guys got all your full trees that they left up. Well, he knew where the worship and the palm too. How do you like that? They messed with that real clean. Now they really didn't carry the way. I thought I'd get versions of every side of the hand. Just remember that. All you wrong, Catherine or a public in you're going to get a wrong chopped off if you go with a bushmaster. I just mentioned that I want to get to Panic. You just keep that in mind. They got some real good places up there and a lot of people are counting where you're going to have a great time for some or camp and fall and when you're in all the spring too. You'll have a halber time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, please and Verizon wireless line. I thought that was a good way to get a good time. So, you're probably the smartest in the bush could say tonight would be. Yeah. That would be the best thing you're going to say. 1140. No, come on. How's that possible? So, with a big bush we are put behind it. You. Because Miguel and Chris both have done you've been there pockets and put out the cash just to get out of there. Or his book of blinds must know that I have a few bucks worth over from Vegas. Not too much. That's correct. So, you're going to have a good time. So, you're going to have a good time. This call gave us a lot of things. That sounds like you. I'm going to be a good bush called. Do a great job. So, God show you what you have. That's not a bad idea. They took that God know how I'll do. Let's start doing a good news show. Now we're supposed to be. Not to open this issue and you're going to do a career. No, no. You've got to be kidding me. I've been here since 65. And that's a year. I've been very great. I haven't been in a really long career. There's had hits you. I think they kept you here probably. Well, I wasn't in there. But, um, I've talked about the own. I've talked about the issue. We're going to discuss talk about the other. We're just going to go there. Like the best year ever was the first battle of the top show. That was my idea. I was going to go for bad year. Yeah. You can do it. Jack Kerr, power answer. Oh, he's just wonderful. No. That's a lot of shows. I think the best is bad. Hope during the summer. Yeah. We're issue tapes. You should go to the grocery store. I'll push it. Okay. Thanks. You know, that is the best tapes during the summer. We're issue tapes. Probably, silver in the post. Huh? Hope in children and the children in the post. And it's open to children. And they're probably a little bit of an area. I don't want topics. I'm sorry. I should have said this. Oh, I guess what? Woo. Look at this. And don't say anything about me in for watching this. You haven't watched this with great interest. What do you mean by that? What did I say? What are I just for just saying? Oh, that's right. To the show, we're back to gestant topics. Absolutely that. 168. Once in a while, 152. We put it in the way. I don't want to tell you how I've heard it. But we don't'm that. Get shocked. Why? I don't.isha, I'm not 18, but we have a bad change here. But maybe in the most recent way. This is the sushi really. Maybe I don't remember if we put the Russia cut will have a sea. Dad can't be blinded. And look at this. out of his stock talk until your goddamn teeth. I've told you, if I've told you once, I've told you, you're 700 times to quit doing it. See, people won't listen to me. I tell them things out of the kindness in my heart to try to better like the organization over there in the macarooner. Stop making the racket. Stop making that noisy loud surface and driving people away. You can't afford to drive anybody out of there. You've got like a thousand fewer, every year, like a thousand or two thousand fewer, so you can click it to serve and the people are just running away and driving. They still have a one-of-gain. I got two teams that were full between the two of them. They couldn't get arrested and fly counted. And you sure as hard can't afford to be driving a phantom away. Stop for the racket and ditch that brought from Channel 7. I'm begging you. I'll even let her bring back the next one of the other. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey, yes sir. Has anybody really got into the tonight's game? We're Patrick Walker, break the record. I don't mean I don't really want to copy now. You just watch a long time ago, but I think Perry saw a truck which definitely would have better fled. Of course he was, of course he was in the mind of teller story. But they don't get in and tell you, you know, his... He's not that a very strong truck was roaming with Ron Stewart. And what they got into with Ron could borrow the remote notorious grunts. And that's how he died. He like, you know, another one of those guys that died in the very early age. Yeah, I would agree with it. But you've got to remember, you're comparing apples and oranges. You're comparing a guy who played in the original 16s when a guy whose play was all familiar after expansion. There's no comparison. The water down effect. That's exactly correct. Now I was out with a dish about three weeks ago. I stayed at Bilagio. There, there are lunch there. There are brunch lunch. It's amazing. Yeah. I mean, but you really don't see that many fat people out there. No, you're right about that. And yeah, at the end of the year, and then had the usual, beautiful young crowd as always. Right. But you know, like you say, this could have been one of the greatest places now. Yeah. And I live here 31 years. And I don't know. He's popular about people. They wrote it up in Mississippi and Bilagio. So I don't understand why it could have. And that was a good idea. Yeah, the amazing part about Vegas is that no matter how many new casinos they keep building, no matter how many new hotel rooms they keep creating, that it's always packed. That was out there this weekend. And it was just jam-pan. Yeah, hand-pan. Even though I don't like these those third-wheel people in and out of that call this slot call this or call this bitch. You know what I mean? Yeah. You think you know this out? Third-wheel people? Yeah. Well, you've been paid before. I don't know who you're talking about. You have people hanging out like Spanish. I never encountered any of that. You never did. So I looked out like I said, same name GM. OK. OK. Vivo Las Vegas, you had lost my S.O.T. And you know something I already get ready to go back. And you see I said one day, yes, yes, I said I'm brought out. And because I had like a nasty loss. I mean, I lost a lot. In fact, look at why I was having this back account when I walked over this weekend. But it's not potatoes. Complete the Xerox. And she cooks. Yeah, I'm a church. How do you like that? I better take all the money out there. All my money just put it on red. Yeah. Just one shot at it. On a roulette table. Put it on red. OK. Double or nothing. Then the guy at least did not have a little of seven, a little rush. A little something. He said, oh, what? I'm getting a rush from a maturesh. Do I get a call about 0x that's down to $7.50 and 50 cents a shift that I bought at 25? Did I get a call from this man when he served his 0x? Did I get a call about that to 1x? The making now is the time to dump out. Oh, I get anything. No. No, I just get a balance sheet that keeps getting smaller. And smaller. And smaller. Please, so we're going to find him in that sheet. Because quite frankly, I think he's full of crap. 20, so say everyone at 5, 60, but he said, never show you how to rob anybody who was on the street king show. I shouldn't have known that from the beginning. I never afford it, but I've heard about the fact that he advertised on that program. OK. If I were to know that, if fun, the rumor and all of King's horses could never talk me to get a money to mature. But anytime I find out that somebody's advertising on that program, but they got with a hose in the head, you know, the air. The trugs. Oh, my god. Talk about a guy who just, I mean, I realize the guy's got to make a living. But Jesus, the guy with a hose in his head and a hole in the back of me, very sad Steve. How's that peppercorn sauce coming by the way? And that plummeting cheese. 26, that's the one at 5, 60, that would be true. All of Britain's jacks is good. That's how this function is. That actually is good. How can I always keep mentioning that? They're good at the freeing version. They're at down there. Remember those great things you were at Burton Jacks? What I've referred to here and a lot of fun of think. I think of it. I think of it. I've never lived in a movie with what they're in the Rona Show. But while we did it, we were going to pay Steve Nick on the doorway. Yeah. Now how about paying God passionate doorway. And next, the engineer. And what's his name? Roy. The chief engineer. 1,26 with 5, 60, that would be true. The deal Roger shows. Just for 30, 5, 60. You. Hey. And no, I'm happy. Maybe a long row bolder. And a long row, a long row. And a long row, he ain't still in blue. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. And he's the best. You got the best food, try to do. And there's no better call now. He did it. It could be that he followed down. And what they were all not too cold. And I would think of it. If we had kids back, and we had the call out to call. They don't want to go home. And that's how it's all. Oh, no, no, no, no. I love you. Oh, no, no, no, no. I love you. And you are not allowed to push my purse. I already am. Roger. Oh, go. Go to the. Go to the. Go. Go to the. Go to the. All the rules. It's a little bit cool. It's a little bit cool. It's a little bit cool. But I'm out. I'm out. And I'm out. No. It would be my doctor. Ladies and gentlemen, I am. I am. I'm out. I want to get you on the way to. You're. And I'm here to ensure you. That I had a. That is good. Yeah. Thank you. 1.25.50. This is pretty cool. I am. Oh. We're bad. Are we bad? Several windows and trees. No electricity. I have small access to go back. If anybody has been a lawyer, you guys can get things going on. Matter. Two blocks. Impossible. We are really scared. Excellent. There's great brothers. We're all. Not right. voi just one city life ladder. It is. Hi, Neil. I'm glad to have you back. Have you back? Yes. You're on the radio here. You're on 70s. Yeah. But when you're back, will we ever go? I mean the shower after that hour of your crappy put on, yeah. Exactly. Boring is, Boring is talking about topics, right? So how do a question? Why is so enamored with Amsterdam? Why am I showing enamored with it? Yes. There's plenty of great cities in Europe. Yeah. I've been probably most of the ones you mentioned. Copenhagen. Stockholm. Copenhagen. I wouldn't agree. I would say London. And I wouldn't go to London if you pay me. I hate Paris. Keep on. Berlin. And I love Berlin, yeah. Berlin. About Berlin. Yes. Cool. Yeah. It's great. About Berlin. Yeah. But the only one that you mentioned. The same thing. Well, it happens when I say it. It's a lot of things. I have an apartment here. I live there probably the time. Have you been the same party? No. I actually, I saw Saint Paulic Rilla with the beef on Vegas. The same party girl. Yeah. But I don't you like Amsterdam? Yeah. Well, a bunch of girls are like right back home. Yeah. What does that happen to the Amsterdam? Well, I went there. I just, you know, to have a look to see the canal. And see the canal? Yes. There's the famous, you know, it's like, you know, that's what everybody goes there to see. So, if you're going to go to Amsterdam, see the canal? Yeah. Of course. And not the end-franck house. Really? Of course. They go to see the end-franck house as well. Right. So, the upper-hine ship market? I'm not familiar with that. No. But if you, if you're all for the end, I think you should, you know, give, you should also, I'll tell you your richness, as you should, it's a bit of a rest city, you know? Let me be by that. Well, that's a lot of crime in Amsterdam. No, there's not. Of course there is. There are actually, there's not. There's a pick pocket for a snow-vile in crime in Amsterdam, and when you're talking about. Well, you've been, you know, I'm, I've been there 75 times. There's no, there's no sure. It's not a dangerous place to be. I've wrapped a 2, 3, 4, and a morning. I would never look up my shoulder room. There's a, there's no violent crime is pick pockets. I would prefer, it, if I was going to a city in Europe. Well, if I was going to a city in Europe. If like you mentioned, London, London,ounce violent crime made it skyrocketing. They haven't ever played that over to, they're like, why have I in this country now? If I'm on crime in London. Oh, they're not even close. But they're rollercatching up fast. The Amsterdam, for example, is... They have a, a problem with, a provocation. of prostitution because it's not they don't have any problem with prostitution what are you talking about there's a problem with prostitution it's clean it's inside there are no street walkers but you've been to the cedar side the one the cedar side we like to read like this is where I found book I originally had a course of course in that district everything's regulated but have you been to that part of the city I've been all over the city I live in the city I've been all over so you like it I love it I don't like it I love it and if you know like it that's fine this is the same one or in front of my eyes they're pretty good well we're glad that they have you back anyway okay thanks so you guys up set because I like it and so we like my shit how come you like lemon chiffon pie I like banana cream pie right how come you like this how come they like I don't understand that I don't get it for life and may I don't get it I like rice pudding therefore you must like it to a lighten you like rice pudding that just you've met as a example how about a big tulipa from Taco Bell I had my first tulipa from Taco Bell in Vegas about patients gotten their when a car and there I was at Taco Bell and had my first tulipa one of those good 23 to 25 60 WC away and I apologize for saying all those good things about them because they got more than enough tourists and more than enough people that we don't need too many pain in the as people coming there to see the guy named can now because then oh that's why go there I just didn't watch the a pings and rock and the Kaiser Rock and the earlier the canal that's why go there please see when I watch him enough I'll be able to speak Spanish did anybody call you about that about Belgium speaking French still really good but I forgot what he's got stand what time I did because you know stand I put it out of my mind oh God is that man still around because you know stand is he still standing with those envelopes well oh cheers it's Christ but you'll be happy to know I no longer open this niche weekend yeah good move 24 to a five 60 WC away and for you for a second hey we're coming there the coach wants to know which is the crazy little I'll treat my half with a day bond that I'm with man treatment system how is it for a simple all I have to do is to have our homeless man that's right there is a man who's amazing you have to do this is a man who's a man who's a massive reboot and using the 3.5 steps to carry through some of the 3.3 steps. All that. All 800. All 700. All 700. The next 10 minutes. And the C2 double is a junior hair, smart bicycle, Roses, and shampoo. 142.5, 60 WCM. The glove says, Lieutenant Bush was too drunk to fly. Which I went and hoping yesterday, but generally worth repeating again. Especially, everybody's getting looked up to a friendly for that big bit debate tonight. Man, you can feel it. You're almost smelling. No excuses, not being watching the big debate tonight. This is it. This is the ranch one, the third, and they might actually both be a rape, but I doubt it. Here's a motherland mayonnaise, huh? Yes, sir. Hey, I just wanted to, how you doing this? Pretty good. All right. I just put the UK side collar that's all behind yesterday, and was complaining about how you were in sensitive going. No, I did not. I wanted to. I would have loved her, her band. Yeah, this was the best man. These are guys that are you, because you were cutting on a lot of those news conference, and you were making them, you know, but get to the fair and have your eyes on. I think it's a good thing you just hung up on. I just picked up the milk. Yeah. That's what's nice. I understand, thanks for paying that press conference. Four or five times a year, they've killed a long time until the world's only comes on. He's looking at me. Yeah. Let me laugh like I got my bag packed in my bag. That's what I'm ready on, no worries. Okay. She appeared for it. She is attending me when I take a regular report. Probably got better concessions of real-world opinion. And you'll put, I mean, what kind of an airport is that? I'll say it again to get any response on that, because they don't know. Go ahead, go to the sky from the portmars that call me about, well, he would probably spend too much time in the digital door. If that was probably the, yeah, and he liked the French. I'd eat you. That's what I say to the fair. You can have a French. Have a great time there. Go eat those fries when I hear you, or them. Forget it. Everyone watch a French fry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, the only 8k and the lies in where it was lying. Here's what Myers, hello. Hey, we don't want that guy over here in full marks. He used to get the hell out of here. Like, like, guys, that guy was like, awful. Maybe that was which one. But when I call it, he wasn't loaded with the young guy. You don't know. The guy that just called, like, if you guys could go. The one come full, Myers, that was give me crap about answering your own? Yeah, he said it over me. Yeah, over Tony, I would say. Oh, I got it. Well, anyway, you know, if I'm just suggesting it over you know, that's not just that you have those rare paintings. When you have like, uh, Jeff, come in and go, uh, you know, uh, a little good, obviously. I would go feed and, you know, when you had Ron Gerner, that's bad that I came at you. But like, you know, when you're just, hopps and spontaneous, we ought to street with an option fund. Yeah, we don't want any of these old people in here, I like that. So you're looking at people around us who are back to the guests around the state, is that anybody out of the age of 70, there's a one here that kind of really, or that way he was good because I was, because you know, all of the debates they ever were in the Marius or about capital punishment and about abortion and policies. And it's already been born. I wanted to let the sad about it. I want to see people like that. I'm actually reading them over my mind. Exactly. And you know, and, but you know, we've got to old people like me. And but if you all are going to have guests, the only entertainment like two guests is like, so no copyright or anything like that would be like the rich shatter in the factory with church. Okay. Okay. We're more coming. Okay. How's the rich said it or anything? Very, yeah. Yeah. Maybe you know, something that would be a good, you can start working on this. We can get the him, the rich tender and the. Okay. Any other. That would be good. Haven't just hit him in screaming each other. I'm sure one of them is a screamer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 5, 6, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 10, 10, Verizon Wireless One. We've been at the, oh, there's tight man. You couldn't put a rich is pubic here and there, it's so tight. And of course, if you want to find a rich is pubic, you can't get the rich. We probably have to go back and dig up some of those bodies. Those questions from the Salem. Cause that's where the original which is going to like, Rosio, I'm going to go on TV. She is, she is disgusting. You know, she is everything that anybody could despise about life. Is just right there in that fat, losing, baking, disgusting body of her. She just makes me sick. Rosio, don't. Hey, Rosie. You're gay. Yeah. Anyway, should be a show where I could get some topic. Absolutely not 190, 37.6%. What sort of why I won 79? 44. And I should touch this out. Along the way to this stuff, and me, picked this off a little very jackass, which even pointed that out in his press conference yesterday. And very woke this morning. Say it as you go. Or some crap like that. Then you write that? No, I just knew that. In fact, you know, something here would have been clever, but of course, that's way beyond you. Any guy that's got to have, so I hit some problems with my bad head of my accident, but I didn't have to have mommy come over and wipe my ass like very dust. How are we going to see here? It's like around 30-ish now. Very jackass, something like that. He's got to have not only mommy driving the working back every day, but he's got to have mommy wipe his ass. I want to be very sure where his diapers, what do you think? Probably. And he put his article on the front page in the hill. It's like the hill is announcing to you. This is the best we got. This is the best we can do. Here's the guy who totally blew this story. And this is the best we can do. We'll put him back on the front page again. And the room around here, it's tomorrow, he's going to be right in the other story about laughing and how good they're doing in the ratings. Right on the front page about the sports station. That nobody heard yet, and nobody can pick up on their radio. It's 11-425-16-WQ-8. Let me know what your show's sports radio. 16-6-6-6-8. Here's the second in the church. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And my girl friend got a ball right there, because boy, he looked like an angel. And my girl friend got a ball right there. I didn't know that he was gay. And this is the good thing, I'm not a home of both. This truck's driving tight, won't leave us alone. And all say, well, the ball is passing, this order has been written for the Muffet. All the love that is my son, friend, daughter, all right there, and I'm gonna show you to get four through. I'm gonna pull that F2. All right. 15-4-5-50-WQ-8-10. So look at our carton of water that's out of our carton of water, slowly water, and it says on there, Aquaman de Wale, not to rather get fat, and I'm thinking to myself, I want it that way to do. He said, well, that's how it's got to be. He used to work on the TV here. Remember her? He said, well, that's how it's got to be. He said, well, that's how it's got to be. Because I want. Oh, yeah. Lay off the crap, okay? He said, well, that's how it's got to be. And go to hell? Yeah, Aquaman de Wale, not to rather get fat. On that. All that's why I think I was gonna be upset. Now I'm gonna start doing that. Do we? Yeah, that was he talking about about Coral Antimpoodicanel. And additionally, which he was in all those tough neighborhoods, allegedly? Hey, if you're gonna really good there to look at the canals, don't tell me about all the bad neighborhoods that I have been in, how rough it is over there. Because what the hell were you doing in all over there, huh? Mr. Busseldoof, Busheldoof. Here's a modern cross-pring, come on. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Hey, it's Chris. That's one of the talk about the actual issue of this debate tonight. Yes? Now I'm not a Republican or a Democrat, and I'm a radical for individuality. And I think you're one of the most tremendous individuals in South Florida. Yeah, so what is that? That's what I always tell him. And I'd like to hear one of the gentlemen about it's respond to the question, what are my rights as an individual? Yeah. What do you think about that? I think about it again over the same Lewis and we post the umbrella before that debate, and I can see another part of them. Oh, how are they doing this one tonight? Is this one they're giving questions from the undersided from the audience? Yeah, I think it's probably a pound hall under the meeting. Right. Who knows what that will turn out to be? Probably all stuff with their fashes. But what are you rights as an individual in the old? What am I right? Given the fact that six billion people are on earth, you know, individual. Well, no rights, given the fact we can't really influence upon the others. Yeah. What do you think? I think hanging up on a coal. These are right I have as we host an issue. I mean, who is she now? I got four months left. I'm going to go into a dialogue about what are my rights as a human being. You need to use your rights here and so. I use our rights here and the hang up on the front. And my rights here is important. But if it says a lot of the ways, Jesus, he's got my therapist, they're a few ladies. I think I'm going to hook you up on the rules of work on your phone. Or whatever part, they can. Yeah, she might work on it. She might straighten that and the phone too. But she looks like. She looks like her husband. What do you mean? She looks like she's a nice lady. She's not a young, some hot number. Like you were talking about 15 or 16 years old. But she's not that. She's older than up to be a mama. Okay. I mean, not well. Close. Here's probably a child. Yeah, I'm called me. Yes, sir. If I was, the, uh, this is my right hand. I feel like I walked by that friend. Really? Yeah. And I was wondering if you could film me a favor. I'm going to be in the next year's man. I was wondering if you could film me a favor. Could be a tank, what the under over is in Vegas for him. Me kind, push his gunner. I can't. Good point. Actually, look, you're right on. And maybe I can make my money back from my last. This weekend. There's one. Seriously. I mean, that's from the bottom of my part. When you look on your tennis screen and you see that face, the image would be uncamp gray, savory, scivary here, like it's seen in all different directions. Like, don't care on a bad day. And you see that look of absolute vacuumlessness, stupidity. Like, but I got what is it that you could possibly see there? I've been in a question that promised tax that would you probably, I could get anyway unless you're loaded with cash. I've never met. What could you possibly see there that you would like? So you would cash your precious vote for this man, for this brotherhood, for this indiscill. Where's that book? Now, I want to fundamentally create quotes again. Just, just to read you with today. My education message will resonate amongst all parents. As quoted in New York Post January 19th of this year, my education message will resonate amongst all parents. Boston web quotes among January 20th of this year saying, a key to foreign policy is to rely on reliance. Associate of Press for boy 15, push the off button on. He said the parents bothered by the amount of profanity or I'm violence on television. Push the off button on.