Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Port Lutterdale presents the Neil Roger Show, just talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest co-workers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM B-slee read acquisitions or the B-slee broadcast group. Neil Roger's on Sports Radio 560 QA-L. I'll say in another bizarre twist though, I have been banished. I've been put in a closet outside the locker. I can't get out of here. Well, if we have someone listening in Miami who might have a connection to the stadium here, please call and tell them to let Jim manage out of the closet in the locker. Is that you knocking on the door Jim trying to get out? Yes, no, it is. Well, feel free to yell for help at any time. I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle-east. No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus, they have different religious families. They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday. And so every December I go to the Middle East and... Bye! Hey, they're Mr. Maslam. Mary, fucking Christmas, but down the foot of the car and I hear some holiday wishing. In case you haven't noticed, the Jesus is birthday. So get off your heat and my form, have the fucking cell up right. There is no holiday season in the hot-turn. They don't hang up, they're stockings and that is just absurd. No, they never read a Christmas story, they don't know what rude office of the house. And that is why in December, I'll go to India and... Hi, they're Mr. Hinduists. Mary, Christmas, three-cognogans, some beef and pastas, two-domans. They can't do having notice. Six-cigmas and partying. So get off your heat and get into it. We sell them right. Now I heard that in Japan, everyone just lives in thin. We play to several gods and put needles in their can. On December 20, they say that they do his eat a cake. And that is why go to Japan and walk around and... Hi! Hi, they're Mr. Shintois. Mary, big Christmas. God is gonna kick your happy, infidelity cake and stuff. Hey, Kati, have it, notice. They're fessin' thanks to you. So let's all rejoice for Jesus' mercy. Christmas, you. Christmas, day. I travel around the world and say... Now it's Christmas, go to Snow, you A-B-S-2. Mary, big Christmas, two-year. And that was for Gary in Fort Lottodale, who facts it a request and pride. But I was already gone on the way to the airport. Gary thanks to the fellow that every morning on a way to work he drives by Northeast High School and Fort Lottodale. This morning, meaning Friday, the BSR always set up a checkpoint at Northeast and is pulling people over for random vehicle checks. All right! As in, Mary, if I'm Christmas to you. I'm going BSR! So I'm coming back from the airport yesterday and we've got the best and the old tape on the year. I'm gonna tell you something, those tapes. With all the respect to Joe Costello sitting right in the other room, I'm not talking behind your back, you know, the best you can, but it's an impossible task. Because they're dated, they're old. And right there on the tape, I'm saying, what up to talk to the sembler? Are we still not on who the president is? And it's the deadline for the electorate. And I'm thinking to myself, oh no, this is such garbage. So bad. I mean, the price is right, they have to pay anybody to come in and do the show? No, no. Terrible. And the reason I mentioned that especially, more so than usual, is because my good post-personal friend, Bill Tanner, are consultant, within Bluffs Office one day last week, Tony and the week. And I haven't spoken to him in three years, along with many other people in this building, for good reason. But in any way, it's said in that aside, you know, he just had triple bypass surgery. So being the nice guy that I am, I figure while he's sitting in there, I can't just walk by the room again and give him a duty. Look, so I go in there, how are you? And during the course of our conversation, he's saying, oh, you know, our service ratings next next next summer best with meal tapes anytime you're not here. Which is a shot at Georgia course, because they hate Georgia near like poison. I mean, they despise Georgia near. And I thought to myself yesterday, after hearing that best of tape, if they played the best of meal all summer, I come back here in September. And we might as well do that funding at noise show, we're talking about the other day. Four hours of fighting noises. So we'll do a pull on that little while. I have a message for the sports halls on his station, not that you have to stop. Oh, God. I come in this morning. I was relieved to see that the walls had an inverted yet from the suction that's been going on here lately. And then I hear Georgia this morning, suckin' up again to Terry Murray because my, and Michael Mayo, and you know what I think of Michael Mayo. I'll try see your he writes a decent column. He wrote about the Bre in and Murray and all that crap. And so he got a little bit killed away, and he was a tongue-in-cheek. You ought to take the stick and hit him over the head with it. And anybody with the brain knows that that was literal. And then I find out from my spies, not to mention Joe, that Terry Murray evidently called Michael Mayo at home in distress over that column. There's been so much suction on his sports halls. When is somebody in this town, other than yours truly, gonna stick up for the four bastards out there who are expected to put up their hard and money to go see crap? And I don't want to mention who show was on, was it last Wednesday or Thursday? Hey, stupid. I don't want to mention who show was. Hey, stupid. But Scott Boros, the man who's helping to put the last nails into coffin of baseball, he's on being interviewed, being sucked on his station. Hey, stupid. For about 40 minutes. And then it if it was, it was just terrifying to me. I'm driving home and I wanted to pull off the road neither start screaming or crying or both. Anarchrad Regas is this, he is the baseball. What Tiger Roops is to go. Oh my god Hank, what are you, they must be taken to next to heavy duty drugs in this place, you know, Chow, where they get in those drugs from? Now, not seriously, what is going on in this place? They must all be on heavy duty and set or something. A rod is the baseball, what Tiger Roops is to go off? Now, you know how I feel about golf and about Tiger Roops, but it's undisputable that he's elevated golf to the level where it is today. Unfortunately, but nevertheless, he's making millions and millions and millions of dollars for people in the sport. And most of the money that he makes, you forget about the tour, are for commercial endorsements. His elevated, a dying brewing game to a level which it otherwise could never have been on. He's a once in a lifetime athlete in his sport. If you want to call it a sport. Alex Rodriguez is he even the, are you a blue, the best player in baseball? No, no. Is he as good as can, graphic? No, Sammy, so set up. No. How many, how many harm-worn championships have you won, Joe? How many triple crowns? How many RBI titles? What, what are his achievements that make him to baseball? How many extra people will come out and Dallas to see the Rangers play when he suits up for the Rangers? Anybody? No. Is there any chance that he'll ever make back for Texas or for the Game of Baseball? The money that 25 million years he's been pay for 10 years. Is there any chance that that will happen? No. But we're in like a Mirafond sub-fest on this station. Now I just don't get it. I don't understand it. And there's nothing that it periods me more than who I mean. If you want to see that you can turn out where it came every night. I'm interested in it. And lots of people, what, not just people getting sucked up to. That's especially. He's making millions of dollars doing it. But why the people on this station feel so competitive that, and, essentially, I have no idea. Now, I was just going to play stuff today and the rest of the week, because it's the holidays and the NIMS slogan, and the power of the good stuff. But now I feel a compilter. There's so many damn exciting things. Or an unforexample just by accident this morning I discovered. I uncover a mystery, which I didn't even know there was a mystery going on until I saw this old litisity back here in the bulletin board. And I looked at it and I was suddenly a little light bulb enough over my head. And I said to myself, Steven B. T. Bow is PD Lenny. It's the same person. And of course the people in the audience are going to be Steven B. T. Bow, what is this man talking about? This was an old hate letter from months and months ago. And it was written by the same person. They wrote the PD Lenny letter the last week. And it's taken me until this moment. I thought it was Brazil all along. Or however it had like goes. Man, this is exciting now. Here's the pair from last Friday, 1174 responses. All the things, is there something with the overheaders that we today? Maybe my ears froze up and tearn over the weekend. Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you, out of 1174, 2075, politics. Oh, oh, inside radio stuff, 2045, like PD Lenny, and Steven B. T. Bow. And about all the sports circles on this station, they love hearing about that. Religion 2035, hockey 187. I don't, I think that's Burgess. Gaze stuff 86, Amsterdam 68. You know those two are like right next to each other. And after that is the big drop off stock market 208. They know that I know that in about it, it's brewing its depressing 28. The track 25, diet talk 15 and health problems 10. Although we will talk about Joe's father's in hospital, we wish him well. Had a little mild heart attack because the doctors are butchering him up. Miss diagnosing all his illnesses giving the wrong medication. Nice going. Doctors, you butcher's out there. In fact, if anybody's got any need to cut during the holidays, just take your team, they were a doctor. Because doctor and a doctor butcher are synonymous, same thing. 10 on a 10 to 10 at 5, 60 WQM. You'll notice, of course I was out of 10 anyway for the weekend. You'll notice when they the Panther fans will still go, well, I do. They're on Wednesday. Oh, no. Well, I view their on Friday. Oh, I'll be their Saturday because they want to make a possible playing as far in my future plans for the right to the hockey season. That's the only game I'm playing on the being too, when we foresee a real future. There's one release out here. I'll discuss that at great length. Sorry, Gellie. That's just the way it goes. I refuse to be one of those suckholes. I'm just, you know, the thing that's amazing. I'm looking in the papers because my mother saved the papers for me for over the weekend. I don't see anything about it. I see a puff piece about cook mower who had a year and a half whole rendition was at it. I was stiff. I disaster. Did he play here anywhere? Oh, no. And a puff piece about what they hope they can resound like cylinder. Just a bunch of suction, a bunch of puff pieces. A bunch of crap. Which is perfect for this town, by the way. Perfect. For our bedroom communities. No problems. It's hard when they do this. It's not the best written commission. W2AM, these is my task group incorporated. And no luck yet, Jim. Now he's still locking the clouds at down there. Alright. You're gonna cheat me, too. Make him a new shit. All of the old folks are busy, Mom. The checking is easy. No they never say things. Just waiting for their ever special to come. Let's take a little walk. That's just a fool. you live you are like yeah yeah The shuffling in the left To get the early bird out of town The push-in just inside is decaying And once they're seen They get overheat That's the femurose in the swing low and that's it Wasted away here can't be good old hot Looking for that song lost out of you And how they're saying that it's a full of truth The day of the night It's time And animal is the truth Yeah You don't know the reason But nothing is easy The muscles they can't keep just don't fit What does it matter? They call up kneeling in the shadows I hate you feeling that a little bit of your shame I'm not going to do it I'm not going to do it Just the bottom that I'm using that way You How they're saying that it's a full of truth They can't wait for his shuffling How they're saying that it's a full of truth They can't wait for his shuffling They just can't wait for his shuffling It's been my ears as everything is on the left Up here today Strain levels 10.15.50WQAM Stephen T-Bo is peating Lenny How do you like that? That may not have significant to too many people But believe me inside the building The walls are reverberating You could do plot permits already So when I like that I'm not going to be attending any further Panther games except on the least they're here on Saturday Because why waste the gas? I get my tickets for free and I live like 3 minutes away I'm still not going to be going most of the time Because why waste the effort? It would be like going to a restaurant where the food just keeps getting worse And worse and they throw the food action They give you a crappy service and they treat you like garbage And they go out of their way of saying hey nothing's going to change Well guess what if it ever changes let me know And I'll come back But in the meantime, too that's my message And I would hardly encourage other people to move the same Why should anybody continue subsidizing barley When the message is well another thing to change Until he's good and ready until he makes his deal Well in that case we're going back when you make the deal And hope for something better to come along Which this isn't it? How could you not anybody for not going to with to subsidize that crap? Here's Miramar hello Hey Neil Glenn Yes sir I called you right before the election and you were hot for me Because I said I was going to vote with the NRA And I just wanted to know if you saw these 60 minutes to interview with Dan Ravron Bill Clinton Well let me refresh your memory Well wait wait wait wait wait wait man It's the day after Christmas and all through the house What do you want to start out the show today on a political mode? Because they go Hello Please email that I've been here I was speaking which obviously you won't pay any attention I didn't hear a thing that you'd like And it didn't send at least five states the RRA was a key in deciding the election Yeah and what about it? Don't mess with the RRA Okay good have a great life answer How do you like that? Glenn from Miramar another all-time chronic Don't mess with the NRA Maybe if he wouldn't have had you leave him in on the ticket he would have won Which I already know that Which I'm the only person in America who's honest enough to admit that Nobody else in media is talking about that I think oh no Because they're causing anti-chemitism out there Especially if the holiday is especially in the middle of a Connacle would be very palatable to be talking about that Don't mess with the NRA And no Christmas deal to asshole and happy new year Boy if that isn't the perfect call the day after Christmas The first call to get us started today That's it Here's Haley hello Hey Neil Merry Christmas Same team Your show of kind of getting boring Yeah, we'll go find some that I'll support Okay, there's two wanted two excellent 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16 Con 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line It's a good thing I was going to play crap all day and I'll wait long Because they got nothing to say anyway My show's getting kind of boring and how will we look for the NRA We're running a lesson at FU FU and happy holidays This is the perfect place to be Not And you wonder even though it was freezing I froze my ass off up there this weekend And until I was 17,000, but of course that's all See us Didn't bother me It was great like living and breathing people All with smiles on their face Haven't a good time Had a sensational time Got away from this toilet For these hostile, negative people Like I've said before There's nothing wrong with this town That a people transplant wouldn't cure And there's two for two so far Prep vetting a thousand already Here's a great poem From Saturdays New York Times, Greenspan at the bat By Gary Christ The outlook wasn't brilliant for the lost We crowd that mourn The next expert at yearly lows The Dow looked as for a lorn And then when Cisco slumped again in my crime Thought more shocks A poll like silence fellow panel holders of text talks A wretched group sold out in fear of further street And polios The rest hung with single hope to save their sick portfolio Without a horny green spanned fed would change its tightening pack We'd stem our losses bottom out and start the long climb back But first there came the analyst from Jason Merrill Lynch The former was a flagwin beer The latter was a grinch So upon it's stricken multitude grim melancholy fell It seemed that no one on the street knew any word but sell But then an optimist or two as if from a heaven cent It's speculated a cut was near of 0.25% And as the midday our approach The market seems so primed the Dow was up and as decked And even send it climbed And from 5 million charts and more there rose a rusty play At rumble sure the street dot com an on CNBC Relief they cried we need relief or dying of self pity And so our by eyes that turn once to chairman else committee At 2015 the Fed itself had stepped up to the bat Its statement came as always framed in lingua bureaucrat The experts tried to explicate that polis verbal bounty Which was obscured hard to read like folks in Palm Beach County And when his cameras clicked in word the words were read aloud The nation stopped and all did watch their heads suddenly bowed For owners of in telling son of Dele and Motorola The author of this dear decree was like an eye at Tola And even all the journalists from drugs to Tom Costello were hanging on the every word of the soft spoken fellow At first they heard the lovely words are by its one doing In place it's not the danger now we're session maybe brewing And then they listened long and hard for the other shoot a drop For surely if all this was true the this kind of way he dropped But no there was no other shoe he left it all at that The message came to loud and clear the Fed was standing pat No interest cut was in the cards no help no mouth to mouth And so all stocks from a disease resumed or journey south All somewhere in this favorite world of son mushanian bright The birds were dreaming of new highs and bears were taking flight And somewhere stocks were rising making traders shout But there was no joy on Wall Street Alan Greenspan had struck out All right, very christian Saturdays New York Times outstanding Nice going Gary baby Here's a call from Washington, hello Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay sir Well, I'm sorry you get some you know some coming colors today Two star pushes right off the end they after Christmas no less right in the middle of Khanica I'm glad you're here. We got a time and I think you know I just want to you know You know you know sports car you know you know at least know about the dolphins Lisa, you know, I'm out of town and you know how you'd be you know five and eleven Lisa at least you can say something to get about the you know You know nothing and Florida you know with the team. Yeah They just something I mean you know because you know Terri you're all our teams this year during that, you know So anyway, it's one of you know Good thing but anyway, I hope you have a good young years and everything and hope you get some good colors Okay, we're still looking forward. I'm not even having great holidays. What I mean five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th and at least we got the dolphins Who squeak by a grass team yesterday? Squeak by right the death by a grass team 26 after ten at five sixty wq and And Sports radio five sixty two eight and Florida sucks John youhold me Touch me, you mean, but me, I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Sports, boys. Eight times a day. To teach my husband how to. Eight times a day. It's just a few that it's quiet. Love me every day, John. You're always on my bed. Make me dream of a day, John. I'll be in jail. Oh, hold me. Touch me, you mean, but me, I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. Eight times a day. All right. I'm pretty free of five, 60 to the home of happiness. Here's our poor question for today. The best of meal tapes. Are my favorite one, you'll isn't there? Are okay once in a while? Fuck. That's the third choice. Three choices for you. The best of meal tapes. Are my favorite one, you'll isn't there? Are okay once in a while? Or, fuck. Put me down for a fuck. Well, that's good you have to work and put them together. You have to do the impossible job of trying to make them sound timely and fresh. When they're about stuff that happens, just like Glenn from Miramar, calling out of the box. I'm about, hey, we want the election. Guess what? It's all of news ass, huh? It's all of news. Nobody would have brain is throwing on that anymore, okay? Jack asks, get a life loser. Man. Talk about a place, and you know something I'm a part of it. That's right. Twenty-five years I've been here. I feel like part of the world's refuse. I'm right here in the middle of it. You can just, you can smell it. Here's Helen Dale, hello? Yes, I have to take you to task this morning, Neil. Yes? How many times here's you guys set on February? How many times have you guys set on February? I haven't said that South Florida sports fans only support winning teams and hearing you all doing the same thing. It's kind of an idea with winning or losing, so it has to do with making an effort. And the organization isn't making any effort to put out a competitive team. We're winning or losing. We've all been through losing years. The first two years it was a pathetic, over-franchised. It was an expansion team. We were a patient. Now they're making no effort and they're bragging about it. When he was ready to sell a team and he'll do something. And the meantime we can all go to hell. What about the Chicago Cup? How many times have you ever done? They didn't. How to win and team and fifth team. What about the danger, Kyle? Go back to Chicago with your phone, you voice, okay? And say hi to Harry when you're there. There's four in a row. As we continue searching for intelligent life in South Florida. Five, six, seven, five, six. And give a good kiss to Terry Murray to why you read it. And it was probably Terry's boyfriend to stop it just like him. Five, six, seven, five, six. Five, six, five, six. The pound five, six. The only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. You know who that sounded like? Any act. Yeah, a little bit. Like Rich tender Jr. Here's Miami glad to see you all on the good mood for the holidays, huh? What do we have, Neil? Yes, sir. Actually, I'm a listener from Washington to see here for vacation. I'm so sorry. Yeah, glad great. I've been listening to the past couple weeks at apps, so I'm really sure that I'd like to discuss. But I'm sure you're a, I've been listening to the tapes every once in a while. Much as I like George, sometimes it's a little fail. I guess that, well, that way, it's much easier like George Wukett's still. Well, that's much as I like to listen to George. Yeah. So, the tapes every once in a while, because sometimes the conversation gets a little off. You mean after the third week on eating ass? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Much as I enjoy that, you know, every once in a while, after a while, it's no more. See, I think one of the problems that I want to knock George Wukett's on vacation, because he isn't telling he's very sensitive. But the fact is, I think that George thinks that the average demographic of the show is like a 17 year old meal. We don't have any 17 year old meals listening to this program. Yeah. You follow what I'm saying? Yeah. So I think that George sometimes is talking to an audience out there that doesn't exist. Yeah. I could be wrong about that. Yeah. Well, actually, I was kind of, I still listen to a show a lot of a week with a whole stadium issue with a mile-in, and I was actually going to take a heated conversation the other day about the mile-in stadium. Yeah. And I actually think it's a waste of money, like hopefully every properly thinking person and the Florida, that's another stadium just complete way to money. Not only that, but it's another back-to-earth deal, because we're going to go to the National University Lawmakers' bucket plan for stadium day delegation members say they were kept in the dark. They didn't know anything about it. Here's another back-to-earth deal that may are a ping-a-paking of a young Henry, and kept everybody else in the dark. Exactly. So, of course, the person who I was speaking with who it was a die hard baseball fan was saying that being that I don't like baseball, I wasn't like baseball. I wouldn't know anything about the baseball culture and how that's going to benefit the whole state of Florida by then building a new stadium. When my argument is that those money are going to be used for this thing should be actually pumping to be very education or what he didn't like, which is a transportation system in Florida. It is a total of domination. And then the last thing is the whole airline. Everybody, every time I listen to you, people are calling in a American Airlines. And I happen to fly American back and forth from DC to Miami, unfortunately quite often. And I have nothing but great, I guess, compliments for them. United actually knew that. Can't beat their hand grenades man. Yeah. United, I want to be the other hand, it's just a piece of dirt. So, to be... No, never fall United in my life. Well, you want to. The last three times a form of them is either been delayed, the planes canceled, or just no flight whatsoever with no answer. The only good things I've gotten free vouchers for next flight, which is again, get the canceled. Well, that's been the good luck with your colors today. And hopefully I will have to call it a while. Okay, happy new year to you. Thanks for breaking a string. We finally had like a real living and breathing person, but of course he's from out of town. Speaking of airlines, air Canada. With all the respect to my friend Helen and all my other good friends at air Canada. Air Canada blows. Man, are they rape in the public or what? Now that they got to my lovely, they bought all Canadian here. And just like everybody expected. Number one, they're incompetent. They can't get to act together up their appearance in Toronto. Number two, they keep jacking up the rape. They're laying off 35,000 employees or whatever. Hello, number is 3,535,000, 35 million. Whatever it is. And the fear is, do you realize that business class for Miami to Toronto? Because just about as much of the taxes now is flying from Miami to Amsterdam business class on Martin's gear. Did you realize that? No. Well now you do. And that fruit on air Canada? Man, heavy, dirty is what it tastes like. By the way, the way I'm going to find out about that show. I got to ask on here about that show on Warner Bros. Last night, I'm channel surfing because there's no hockey games on. I'm certainly not going to watch it stupid game. You're talking about the tytunes. So about eight o'clock, I come across Warner Bros. Which is channel, I don't know, 33, 39. I have no idea. One of those. You are a chivalrous. And eight o'clock, eventually, on Monday, there's a show with the bizarre. Everybody's horny on it show. That's my kind of show. And what did I tell you, they're starting to catch on young people high school and like, you know, a little bit older than that. You know, like 23 people playing 18 year olds, things like that. Some pretty interesting people on that show. And even even the minister who's dead on the show with the seven kids, even he's horny and jacks up with the old lady and I'm old tell for the night. Well, the kids are getting late. Somebody's got to call in and let me know what the name of that show is. Show me yours, I'll show you mine. Oh, stand for lunch. Cause we're too cheap to tell. Oh, stand for lunch. But turn your offer with us. Oh, you're a leapers. You are a child like her. I bought more than give the store a break. We're perfect for a fight. And why? Oh, you can't our hike. We'd have our week a day. Oh, our journey to food. If smoke's there my wish. Oh, stand for lunch. We eat the Irish eat. We don't kill our own. There my lunch. We eat the smoke. I'll wait a week. We'll have a week. We'll wait a week. You know, I have a long time. Yeah, I love that. She played a lot more. Five, six, seven, five, six. You notice I do my time to wait about this. A panther organization in about my response to the fact that I'm just. Well, not participate. And what do I get? I get one of the guy with a funny voice from Helen Dale by way of your cargo gives me a song and the answer about the cubs and all the other bookcraft. I mean, you do whatever you want. I can't force you. And I have no interest in force. You have a my suggestion is my suggestion is if you're as pissed on. If you're as pissed off and frustrated as I am, you stop subsidizing a billionaire who doesn't give a crap about you who's slapping you in a face. Yeah, but we already got our season tickets a big deal. Got my season tickets sitting in a drawer. Should be my biggest problem if I don't use some of them. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you the name of the show is 7.7. Yes, we had several calls. Oh, oh, oh, and another thing. You know, I just started watching hockey. Yeah. And I just wanted to include me on what is I think exactly. 5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's our only other call. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hi, Neil. Well, I like to talk to you about hockey. I know we are ready for a street. Yeah, huh. You know who that is, don't you? From Hollywood. Okay, that's it. That takes here the calls. And you see, I did not tell you before we started the show today. I was just going to play crap all week because it's a holiday. And we weren't going to get any calls. But, you know, I never learned my lesson. Never ever learned my lesson. I actually thought I was going to get a response here today. And all I got are the no-wives like that jacket, who knows that I'm not going to put them on a year. Know that I don't want to talk to them. My good friend, Glenn, for Miramar, long time listener to show for about 100 years. But has to call right in the middle of a holidays to give me a stroke about the NRA and a morning election. Man. See, I guess if I were stuck here with the holidays, when everybody's supposed to be in a good mood, I probably be as bitter and frustrated as what are you two. But I'm not because I got out of here for a long three day week. And I'm pretty happy about it. Even if I am getting the court, I'm probably going to get pneumonia. I don't care. I'm still glad that I went. Like in a real living and breathing city, with the real people. I'm walking down the street. I'm walking from the Eaton Center back to my hotel. I'm Saturday. And I'm thinking to myself, even though there's always still on the ground, and it's 80 million below zero, I'm thinking, this is a real city. How could anything that goes on here in this God forsaken place? How could anything here be confused as being a real city? But if not, all you people are keep using all this span about world class city and all this other, you're not kidding anybody. You're playing with yourselves. You're just trying to be a lood yourself. This is a bunch of disconnected little bedroom towns with nothing in between. There's no center. Oh, we're going to build a stadium at downtown. I'm guessing there is no downtown Miami. There's nothing there. Except the Miami-Frick and Hero. And G-Side, there's nothing there. And nobody wants to go there, but don't confuse us with the facts. Here's a call in Kendall, hello. Yes sir. Got to find out. I've been out of town. We're having a Kelly Craig. She blew up. Yeah? I just wanted to wipe you so fat. Probably because she's eating too much. You're called her up and asked her why she's so fat. There's another great call for you. What happened to Kelly Craig? She got fat. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Bad mistake, Neil, taking these calls. Bad mistake. Call up the drug dealer. Here's a mobile phone. Here's a mobile phone. Hello. Hello. Good drugs. What is it? You're in Toronto. You still live in Detroit. You've started trying all the time. I did a great job. Yes sir. Have you ever had any more now? People are not going. And it shows in all the scores. The basketball arena is half empty. Yeah. The hockey arena. They're pricing themselves to the point where... Well, they're depressing themselves out of business. Plus the fact is with the Panthers when they're going out of their way to slap people in the face and say, we're not going to make any changes. They played 35 games and they have six wins and I'm the only one in this town that's athletic and had to get a risk breakdown and saying, let's stop supporting this crap. Well, you know, we wanted to have the big boys. But people are... A boys can by now go and I haven't gone... I don't want to want to share. You go and get every five or six games that you should go. But I've been on the money. What they're putting out there, I wouldn't wish on Hitler. I'll put it that way. The Sparish Tiger Woods. At least whatever he's accomplished, he's done it himself. That's right. You know, so whether you like him or not or whatever the guy happens to be great, what he does... I mean, how to compare that to make a comparison that A-Rot is to baseball what Tiger Woods is to golf. I mean, Hank must have been doing magic mushrooms that day. I don't know why he felt compelled to suck Scott Borges as... I mean, here's a guy who brings nothing to the table but greed. That's the only thing that all these agents are bringing is greed. They're destroying professional sports and we've got to suck his ass on the year. I don't get it. I don't know. As a kid, I loved baseball. I don't care what I was right here. My dad worked overtime to get me a Wilson autograph, leather mitt. But I just... I just can't do baseball anymore. It's a shame. Yeah. If they paid me by the pitch, I wouldn't go there. No. It's a shame. Okay, pal. Have a nice New Year. And have a same to you. See, there's a good guy having a nice New Year. Here's enough to send his very best day. Some of you other sour places out there. You're trying to prove my point. What this town's all about? Misery loves company. We're miserable. We're angry. We're angry. We're angry. We're angry. We're angry. And we want you to be just as miserable. Well, yes, what I won't. Because I got a big fat check. I'm putting it to bank for Saturday noon about 2.15. Okay. So, you guys, would you stupid idiotic calls? This is Glenn from Miramar. And at the end of the day, he's going to blow your ass off. Down the rock. Put your honor down from the floor. Who's it? this morning you walked in the door? Great move. Yeah, I was in trying to smooth. I was happy. Yeah, maybe a little scratchy throat. What do you want after 20 below zero all weekend? A dog bothering me? Who is it? Made the comet the other day. There's no such thing as bad weather. They're just being underdressed. Yeah, that's right. Just being underdressed for the weather, whatever it is. Here's a mobile on coconut greek, hello. Oh, yes sir. This is coconut greek, not coconut greek. Oh, wow, whatever. First time one time Neil, and you are absolutely correct sir. Anybody who thinks that this is a leader going to a living and breeding place? Just listen to your show this morning and look what's going on here in the last couple of months. Yeah. I can coconut greek, but not supposed to be a place that occasionally is living and breeding people. I go to the parks for lunch on the Matt Nade and they all have a blue here and one of them I swear. That's not a meal. After the meal, she takes out tin foil. Yeah. From her bus, she brought with her to check her dog event. Where is the rat? I can get my entire life. Yeah, the rat goes down here. She brought her own tin foil. And you know, people are another thing that totally changes subject. A lot of people talk about how the athletes in today have changed sports, but the owners have too. I mean, you have jackasses like Daniel Snider and Jerry Jones and you've got baldies who are successfully wound one branch I've found here. And is well out of the way to destroying another one. I hope that baldie gets a tumor inside his perfect size of a bone ball. I can't begin to put in the words how I despise that creaton. Well, you go get him the only answer to get many changes. And this kind of thing is just like with anything else. So you have to actually get up your can and do it. And you know, it would sport it to, you know, don't give him your money. That's what they want. You can't give him a problem. I hope that when they play the flyers on Wednesday night, I hope that places are ghost town. Well, you know, you know, the South Florida sportsman who are letting money deal. I'm surprised that people are showing up now, but if this continues next year, I mean, forget it. There won't be anybody. Everybody who have their own private hot dog. They're going to be a dollar a dollar. Yeah. Okay. You have a good one. Happy holidays. Bye. Happy New Year. Jeff and New Year, everybody, we're in a good mood over here. Even though some of you out there need some serious, serious mental health. 56050560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Lake Ruella, fellow. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good morning, New High. Buenos dias. I over walk. Well, I know you're not shocked, but I don't know why you expected it to be any different when you came back. Today's call, perhaps for the microcosm of what you have down here in this one horse. So three, three flat American state we live in. We get the kid who's over there in Highly with his brother who makes the crank calls on the day about the show is getting boring. That's the first of his 20 calls today. We get Andy from Hollywood who's banned from the show. Who starts out, hey, how you know, like I'm really going to talk to him. Who's a chronic pain in the ass in a piece of turd. That's all we got. That's what I guess. I'm going to be happy that living and breathing people got out of here for the holidays and Congratulations to them. Do you think there's any kids that people might get upset over what you're saying about the panthers when they came to you up so the fact that they've had these banana pop-like officials like can get the new year. No, no, no, no, no. I'd wait for the whole day. I've been talking about the time that you mentioned that because I was listening to my stuff on that best of pay driving home from the year for yesterday and I'm thinking to myself, what am I talking about about the textbooks and about school? The public here doesn't care about those things. If they did care about them, we wouldn't have the problems that we got. People here don't care about education who they're on my kidding. It's funny. I'm hoping that we can see a nice reaction today for the talk about the panthers. And then they can tomorrow we can get into second subject. We're going to take our states, our countries that are worrying about sports and thoughts about it. And like you said, doing this, we're going to ask behind. We're not going to have to pan and check to any one of a dozen schools. Any day before Christmas, all the end of this year, have some of the tax breaks. But do you think that's not a chance? The items are so dynamic. They're a plane charter and take 20 of their friends on a million five trip and everybody can brag about so people who work for. It's just amazing how sad it is in the end. The worst part about it is at least in the old days, right? At least the old days you knew was just temporary or a seaser. You could then you can line up and know who you were bound to. Now you don't know. You got to hit and shot more than that, which is. That was a scary. That was a most disgusting thing I've ever heard on a radio in my life. That was just unbelievable. We could go on. I was on the phone and made my weekly call. And this was the last week that was the hack. And it was after I saw many remeers by this contract. And I mentioned the hack that the fact that the sound that they'll hear when many remeers was the hobby and it would be the changes. It's super off the table. So the maid can't even get a box for the day. And these guys are out there and the stop bar says kiss and hate. Kiss is real. This guy is. This guy is probably in a crisis. It's probably a buzz. Yeah. I was doing trying to stick to everybody. Not care what it is. You are anyone else. I don't know. And if I give up the guy who's for going up to 20 to 29 year old guy. He's got a farmer of dollars at 8 or 9 now. Lots to go and take into some professional 40. I don't want to take that. I want to take that. I guess the things that change maybe we're all supposed to be in the ass sucking business. No, have a great day pal. Happy new year. Hang in there. 10. 56 in your ass sucking headquarters QAM. This is 5. 6. QAM. 4. 3. You can't have my M. I'm easily broadcast group station. WQAM. What an embarrassment. What an embarrassment. What a joke. Yeah, me, me, Krayer. What a soul on the news is hard. I believe my God, Jason, just learned my lesson. More easy, the weird. Happy new year. Happy new year. Because I'm so happy. Because the person saying that she don't need it, some more to avoid the crazy team with the weirdo. I'm going to kill her. He's a weirdo. I guess the wrong amount is damn. No she won't understand. The sky seems all in no fun or way. I ain't like you, Lee. He ain't got no danger. But I just cannot turn right here. I really think you're the one who must understand. Is it girling man with a plastic nose, brother Francis round in a panic hole? He's a weirdo. He's a weirdo. Well now be in there, things so bad because it won't ever get to call me down. He's a weirdo. He's a weirdo. I don't blame you all this. Whether I'm 2560 WQM, happy holidays from your happy friends, you XUM. If you're unhappy, well, you know, two bags. Go get laid. Do something. Here's a schedule change from one of our chronics. The elite Pittsburgh game on Wednesdays. They've been moved from 7 to 7 30. So the ESPN will be carrying it instead of ESPN too. Because it's a big deal. Now, CBC got real lucky. Not that anybody down here cares about that. I just mentioned that in passing if you have a big dish. Only even in the ESM. They originally were scheduled. They schedule a Pittsburgh game like for the holidays. They never carry a midweek game. Do they? No. Only hockey net and Canada, etc. But they had that game scheduled. And with their luck. Look at the Irish and John Shannon got fired. Good boy. They're carrying a game on Wednesday night on CBC with Bob Cole and her New York from Pittsburgh. Somebody slap Bob in the back and wake him up a little bit. Okay. Should be pretty interesting game with Mario coming back. Anybody know who Mario is? No. No. There you have a bigger. Well, speaking that Joe wants food. What a surprise. See when Joe is on here all week. We got to eat. Find with me. I'm ready. I took my diuretic yesterday and peed out about five pounds. I'm ready for a little something. Feed your court and serve a fee. We're not that have a cool day. I got a scratchy joke. I mentioned that because I know my mother's listening. What's wrong with you? You go up there. It's freezing. It's below zero. Yeah. It's below zero. It's a sheath. I'm from Celsius and Fahrenheit. So she knew that when I got in the cab early yesterday morning and Toronto the cab driver said because they have you know on the signs it'll show you what the temperature allegedly is on side. On all the big good words and it said minus 17. 17 below zero. Celsius. Which is about nine or ten degrees. For less. Fahrenheit. And other words it was even cold. So what do you want? What are we going to get? Not those greasy sandwiches. Whatever you think. I got to get the thing off the wall. That's the thing. One more please. Now this is the best. See I had forgotten about this other letter and Lauren behold we were talking about the peat lanyliter from the last week and on a back on a bulletin board we had stuck this one from months ago from a phony a name Stephen B. T. T. Bow who's the same asshole. They wrote the peat lanyliter. But you got to hand it to whoever wrote these letters. These are great. A sureful of fart noises and belches from eating fat killed cold cut sandwiches wouldn't be hit anywhere but a crap house like this. What an excellent. I mean the verbiage the the phrasing the the just the uh this is fantastic. Not the course to mention the hate which fits in perfect in this time. Like a glove. Why don't know what he happened mine. What choices do we have? Totally. It's always good. I'll tell you to hold a bunch of peats and stuff whatever you like whatever makes you happy. Call up all the friend bread at Tony's just don't tell that's JP. Oh. Now you did mention that I had totally that at Pitzelau. Yes. Well that there was a message from J.P. My answering machine last week. Never called back though. Never called back to say that he's here and he's reading whatever and that's okay because I got 7th heaven on Warner Bros. not a watch. It's not as good as heaven, J.P. in person like you know right in the palm of your hand so to speak. That's a good show. I mean it's not a good show but it's got some hot people on it. Whatever you like it's on there. And if you live here in old farts, even mommy and daddy they're even a preacher in his wife they're horny. Everybody on a show is horny. Even a little kid down there they're horny. Everybody on Warner Bros wants to do it. So yeah. My kind of show. So who do you want to need to go out and watch some stupid hockey game when you can watch that? Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Nearly every right to be full of piss and vinegar this morning. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I just wanted to tell you I was back in Toronto a couple months ago probably back in March or April. Yeah. And for the first time what a great city. Between. We ate in the sea and tower watching over the lake just had a wonderful time. Yeah. And even though there was no one to ground it. It was a quarter in hell. There's all these onions of people down town because it's Christmas time and it was great. I had a tremendous time. I had meal with the pickle barrel there. I had some the give you enough enough meatloaf there to build a mountain with it was tremendous. We were riding on the street cars for entertainment because we were there for business but at a great time and then took a lot over to Niagara Falls. Every day of everything to offer and it's clean. It's a lot of people are do something nice. Everybody bring the language. Yeah. It's wonderful. Yeah. Can I check around for taking my nephew to one of the hockey games that you're not going to? Can I explain something to you? Yes sir. You see one of the reasons that I'm not going is to express my dismay and discontent. And the best way to do that is to have a good time. Good time. So the answer is no. Five, six, seven, oh fuck can you can you yes you can't believe it. Why do I keep saying can you believe that? Of course all I have to do is to hear the guy that calls that's given me a big song to the answer about because I was just in Toronto for the weekend which isn't really all that important to anybody else except me. But oh it's so great and you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. Get ready to hear the numbers. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. No, not night you. I'm talking about Miguel. He's listening in there. He's the one. He's listening. He's not listening. Claudia will not be the shower. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Happy New Year, baby. Yeah, he'll take care of it. He said he's going to stop on it. And the project project too. Yeah, you're right. Neil, that's a lot of great city box. We went there and we got on a street car. They got on the street car. And by the way, how about those tickets? I'm surprised we have an any women free loader's yet. Askin provides tickets. Maybe that broke a bit of the call enough. Oh, can we see in your seats? In fact, what I ought to do is make sure I send a message over to the usher to make sure that nobody puts their asses in my seat. Those games will not be the only one to be in Friday. Because the purpose of the protest is that the seats are empty. Empty. So that the place looks like a ghost town. So that maybe some of us make a statement like we're not putting up at this crap anymore. Like our patience is running out. Like we're sick and tired of subsidizing garbage and being slapped in the face. Six wins. And we're supposed to sit around or wait till it's expedient for a way until the sale gets done. Guess what, Wayne? That's for you, sweetheart. You've evolved at it. Son of a bitch. Yeah, that's right. He's a bald headed rotten son of a bitch. What he is. He's the son of a bitch who stole Christmas, New Year, Khanica, poor on antsookers. How do you like that? And like I said, I hope that he gets a guy to inform where the size of my rice more. This is five, 60. You aint waiting. Hi. Hey. No. No. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That way, he might take a such an asshole. Yeah. He'll that manage that three-chirred. Because he would take a shower with takeover asshole asshole. You turned each way high to think of such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and a brawn. What's that? He's pouting on any other term. I thought I wouldn't do rough running to imitate all tall types. Too bad you just cut off thatANDern  Ahaan Yakutsu this is something that doesn't really matter. He can run alive. We'll do some of these works. Nah, that's right. You know, if I'm making as much money as Josie Lambe keeps wearing the newspaper oughta be able to retire by the end of the week off. Every every column that keeps getting up a little higher. Yeah, it says it was a prosperous year for some. Radio talk, myster Neo Rogers contract with WDQM was extended to 2004. Each year he'll be paid nearly $1.5 million with, oh, yeah, he's got oil written up, five months of vacation in the year. What an half million year now, I'm up to. Stay tuned for next week's column. We'll be up to three million. Yeah. Nice going, Josie. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. On a great Tuesday, man, you can feel it. Can you smell it from this cloud? Oh, piled up the ceiling in North to charge. How's that survey coming, Neo? The best of Neo page 59 votes so far. I'll talk 22. I'll okay once in a while, 21. Am I favorites when he wasn't there 16? That's inclusive, at best. But suck leads the way. Okay, I mentioned that very loudly. suck leads the way those best ideal tapes suck. They're outdated. They're outmoded. They broke. Who the hell in their right mind is going to listen to a paper somebody talking about stuff that happened weeks ago or months ago or a year ago? Let's hear about alien in the pope. One more time. Just in case you missed it the first 80,000 times. Here's a mobile and fortlaterale. Hello. Happy Sonic and Neo. Back to you. Hey, listen, about that guy that wanted to pick it up on the plenty of hell, we'll go by. Right, exactly. All he wants. I got one thing I'd like to share with you. I was with him to NPR last week and had a guy on him. What you say about this being a bunch of disconnected little bedroom towns is absolutely correct sir. But what happens recently is the three counties, date, Howard and Palm Beach, finally come together to form a planning commission. And they're looking at doing things like creating a new, especially along US one, but all the towns are going to freak out about. Yeah. They're talking about growth happening in the next 20 years, 1.8 million people here. And if they don't do something about it, we're a big trouble. But the good news is, and I noticed it's hard to believe, that three counties have actually come together and did a sit down to talk about these things. Whether it comes to that, you know, you're probably not knowing this. Yeah, probably like the old sports authority. Remember that last year for about five minutes? Well, you know, at least there was encouraging to hear that they're finally looking ahead a little bit. Yeah, and trying to figure out something to make it better instead of watching it, so much worse. You know, but you've got to bring it on the pulse and thanks for letting me go. Okay, I'm still looking forward. Have a great day. So the pulse that is 560505050. Oh, I can't smell it. I can't feel one. Hey, it's an American much you're doing. You're always talking about not supporting a loser. It's not about that guy from hell and they'll, he was my favorite. Maybe of the year. Even with the full new voice. You missed his calls off the air. They were even better. Really? Yeah, I mean, I'm going to say what? He yelled at me that you were a big hypocrite. And then hung up in my face. And then called back in a apologize for doing it. Really? Yeah, he said he shouldn't take it out on me. Yeah, probably something like sunny Rosenberg to maybe, maybe his boyfriend, RJ Intendol over there in a hell and there with all those losers, losers, losers, or became decrepit losers with a lot of goddamn toe gym. Maybe their bag is overflowing. You know how sand is bag is overflowing this time of the year. At least before he came down the chimney. And all your little kids out there don't have to come down the chimney. George, go back for your health. The rover is at the bottom. A lot of stuff going around. Here's a mobile and nice palm. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, you know, I have to call the agreement. I don't know what's up with these sports holes in the morning and in the afternoon. Challenge some of these owners and players that they're talking to. You know, give them a good agreement once in a while. Well, they're going to do these players and these owners are not going to call the show. These coaches. I don't want to do a show. I want to do a show. I want to do a radio. Yes, I'll only do want to do a suck ass. I mean, the second sound is not Mexico. It's a 2 AM and Miami. It's ridiculous. I mean, there is no light whatsoever. Radio is dead. The federal government let clear channel. It's not local radio anymore. You're the only right spot from 10 to 2, you know, 150 mile radius. And I'll put it so it's yeah. It's ridiculous. I just don't know what to do anymore. I mean, it's not. Okay, pal. Good luck to you. All right. Say how to the search party. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and I know all these excuses. Well, we already got our ticket because I remember years ago. I tried to do the same thing back when we had to know BMS stuff going on. And they all wanted those free buttons. That was very popular. But you know, there's a group of people who come up. There's about a half a dozen people. They like to come up and say hi to me before each game. It's become very pond risk because it's always the same discussion. And it's getting old. You know, it's the same bitch for us. But now what are we going to do and Terry and BMS? I'm tired of it. It's not entertaining anymore. It's not interesting. It's it's massacism. That's all it is. There's no point in being there. When somebody tells you that they're not going to do anything until they're good and ready when it's financially expedient for them to make some kind of a deal. And they're going to continue putting the same direct out there over and over again and just keep coming and sucking it all up. They answer, there was no. No, thank you. God. How stupid and how lifeless can we people be to keep going back from old punishment? And I'm just not going to be one of those people who's going to do it. I've had enough. I'll go there. I'm Saturday to see my team come in at town. Hopefully they'll show up. They finally play the game list last Saturday after taking a couple days off. And then whether they do or not, at least I'll enjoy seeing them. But this product that they're putting out there, they ought to have a refund window after the last couple of months. They ought to be given a refunds up just to try to pacify some people to come back again. And some of you are so stupid and such man's a kiss in such no life, you keep showing up over and over again. How much crap did they have to put out there before your final sex? No thanks. I'm not even going to waste 50 cent gasmight to come and see this. Even with free tickets, Joe. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, my name is Andre. I'll listen to you every day. Uh-huh. You got a great show. Yeah. So I have to call one of the day like this one. I got the day off. I always love to go out of town. And they want to come back. As soon as you hit Miami airport and you land. The pressure was cloud. Yeah. That comes over here. A dark cloud. You just can't believe it. I agree with most of the stuff that you talk about every day. And I tell you, I work. The paperwork I do. I work at John Henry's house. You have to put booties on to go into his house. He has a Harley in front as you walk in. Yeah. You made out of wood. This thing is probably $25,000. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. You must be nuts. I'm saying I work in the interior design. Still, then I've worked in his house. He has arm guards around the house. He can't infiltrate. The better the hitman of a very exclusive community in Boca, called LeLack. What? LeLack L.E. L.A.C. You can't get in there. All the big wiggers. That's what they live. The big wiggers, yeah. They got the big time homes and stuff. But I wouldn't pay to go to any. I used to go to the games before. But I stopped going because there's bombs when you get the park and the walk. But I'm making a line, Marina. Or if you go to the stadium, Joabi, Hawking, ten, fifteen bucks. Twenty bucks, yum. Okay, I'll go to the other. I have a happy new year. Kill a me. Five, six, seven, five, six. And don't step on those abudies. Pound five, six, the only AT&T in Verizon World was flying. Out of townline is open of course. Out of townline. How about those answers? I mean, those are good folks over there in four miles. How are they doing? Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, six, three, four, five. I'm not really sure who's worse off. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Oh, yes sir. Is that me? That's you. How you doing the idea? I'm taking the year. I'm a first time call a long time loser. Uh-huh. Because I lived here for 45 years. Yeah. But I got something for you on your favorite subject. The exercises. They had a show on the public service station at a West Palm. Uh-huh. About the exercises that it was true. It was actually a true story. Yeah. And then they had an interview with the guys. He wasn't pleased at the exercises. Uh-huh. He was a beacon. And he was still alive. And then interviewed him. He was a beacon-doulson. Oh, not sure. Okay. Well, he was still alive. And then he had a minute of use. And then they had a counter. What the woman who was like a psychologist or psychiatrist or something. Yeah. And everything that he said about the work of the double being on his skin. It was all of psychological management. Anyway, she had a good combat to everything that happened in the world. Yeah. Anyway, if you would get the tape, they said at the end of the show called the station. And it sent you a tape. You would love it. I mean, I was watching and saying, oh my God. Oh, I got a new one. I got a price to pay the shit. Yeah, oh. Uh-huh. It was great. Anyway, they had the happy new year. Okay. Watch where you spray that holy water, pal. Okay. Okay. Have a good life. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That's my favorite subject is the exercises. Why not? You hop on all the boys. I'm going to cap it. No. No. Can't do it. 560, 560. It really is said those poor, homeless people up north. They're sitting out there on young street with their little cup out just freezing to death and a snow on the ice. Sparrows and change, mister. It's really kind of sad to walk by those people. And not even given like a loony or nothing. What? You don't even give them anything. Nothing. Wow. Zero. Well, you know what it's like. It's like an addiction. Once you start, it's like a bad habit. Once you start doing that, you can't stop. I recently quit. Then by the time you got to the end, if you were like walking, of course, that's a longer street in the world. But if you were walking, walking from Blurstery, which is, well, you wouldn't know where it is. It's going to say that you're a 40-young street, which is a couple of miles. You'll be broke by the time you got to the, to the lake. By the time you got to the Skydome. 560, 705, 60, pound, five, 60. I'm sorry. I'm not that I'm tight. You know that I'm not cheap. It's not that I'm hard ass, but I just don't give money to you. I used to do it. I, you know, spare some change, Mr. But it just reaches the point. There's so many slippers out there between Amsterdam and between there and the here and everywhere. I just can't do it. Here you get a cost of our sports or every street corner now. They got some scam gold. And now they're handing out those homeless newspapers. And I keep thinking of myself. If you could afford to print that newspaper, why not take the money at cost to print the newspaper and go buy a sandwich with it or a cup of coffee or a couple of beers, something. And those guys are pushing. You know, they knock on your window. I mean, for all the money that they're putting that new newspaper, where they could do it, they're buying drugs. Here at QAM. Yeah, we're going to be talking about that today. Anybody got their names in a good weed for the holidays. 26 packs 11 at 560, QAM. This is 4960, QAM. You got it. That's it. Tonight on TVA, eat it. It is back from the day. It fits one of the anniversary of all of the family. Oh, rookie death. If you need John Jellow weed. Daddy, don't be such a pro. Now, whatever happened to my little girl, who can't you? Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh? Maybe have a salad once in a while. Daddy, don't you know how many of the worst people have never had a decent meal? Again, with the charity spirit. Well, it's true. Charles, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast? No, whatever. No, whatever. Come on, come on. Come on, we get hot today. It's great. Good. You get that chocolate you was pushing on the day, you guys. Oh, no, I keep the rest of the day. I was going to be a treat. James, you're a bad, you mean? Well, when was it back there, baby? First of the day, you're going to be in the middle of the beer. Come on. What are you having with us? What are your family's three of all of the family? Saturday night on TV air. Rock you by, IBS home college fun and school. Where you can learn all of the mechanics, done my parents. Oh, that's just... You know, at the first time ever noticed when she said IBS, it rang a bell. Lemon 30, it maybe Kelly Craig is eating some of Sally's brothers leftovers. Maybe that's the problem, Kelly. 11 30, it's 560 WKOM, 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, 050, You know, schools are here on me or starts messing with me. The inclination is to just kick them in the nuts. But the tension is so thick there or was that, you know, the cops and those security people, you just, you know, make the run move and you find yourself in handcuffs real quick. There are not many questions that you sorted out with the judge down there. It just became too ridiculous and since that sound flag were done track, that's the best, you don't even have to be a football fan. All those gavelers in there between the dog races on TV and all the football games on TV that are running around telling their hair out of its hysterical. Now, see, thanks to an assure slide, where it is, matter of fact, when you should mention that. Well, it's not much like that, there's much going on. But when you get the football and the dog races being simultaneously and about 20 pay phones up there, you can code you. That's the show in itself. I guess I'm not a hockey fan and I don't go to hockey games, but it seems to me that they're in the pretty much the same situation as the heat down here. You know, you can see on TV those empty seats. First of all, if you buy a ticket upstairs, even if it's the lower part of the upstairs, it's like watching from the 747 and that place. I don't know if you've ever been there, but if you want to actually see the game, you got to get a 60 dollar ticket. But the thing is, you know, if you want to go, don't run out and buy tickets at the gate. There's so many people down there with extra tickets. I never pay 20 more than 20 dollars for a 60 dollar. There's a big distinction between the two things. Okay, I'm not that I care about the NBA or about the heat, but the fact is that you know, Alonza morning had the kidney ailment and he's got a Mr. Seedman who knows if he was ever going to play again. All I business. That's something that was beyond their control. It wasn't that they weren't willing to spend the money to put a good product out there. But with a Panthers, they've got a lack of talent that's that the glaring at best. They've made all kinds of mistakes and management. And instead of firing the general manager, the coach both of them putting them on a bus, making some kind of a move, the fans are supposed to sit back and what they keep telling us is, well, Wayne is trying to sell a team. He makes a deal then they make some moves. Well, that could happen now. It could happen in too much. It could happen at the end of the season. That's like slapping people in the faces like saying that Wayne doesn't really care. What kind of product he puts out there, but he expected to continue to subsidize it. And the answer was got to be no. Yeah, I can understand. He plays 35 games and they have six wins. They couldn't win a fifth game and people are supposed to subsidize this. Yeah, I can see where it's now. You don't want anybody to go out of protest. Yeah. Yeah, like the situation in the basketball, you know, a lot of people that are staying away that won't go. They just go and you know, trying to pick up a ticket, you know, just, and they're selling it. Even they have to start selling some of their $60 seats for $30. Yes, to get people. Of course, when the Lakers came, it was pretty much part that it even bought. It also back to greed again if they're going to have to keep building new stadiums and new arenas so that the fans have to keep paying wild prices to pay these over and play to athletes and their agents. And guess what, people are going to stop going and we have. I hope so, but they keep selling. I don't understand how people can go out and buy season tickets. When you know you're not going to go to most of the games. I mean, I didn't realize the regulations. You're forgetting you still a lot of that is corporate crap. But I don't know where it's going to end, but if they end that building, the baseball stadium downtown, hopefully they won't, but if they do, I'm going to be for a bleachersy $25. It's going to be like the Yankees. Don't be just too loud. Yeah, I think they like to ask, bro. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 87 votes on our pool today that totals are way down because there's nobody in town, obviously. Best of the meal takes suck, winning in a very tight contest. 33 people say they suck. I voted for suck. They're okay once in a while, 31. They're my favorite when he wasn't there only 23. Should I say only 23 years, 23 in a bursting, pretty embarrassing. Here's a lady in Duel. Hello. 5, Neil. How are you? Okay. You just touched upon something that I actually called about a half an hour ago about the fact that these owners really don't care. It's not the sports sense. They only care about the corporate seats. Once they've sold out all those corporate seats in the skybox, they've got enough money that they don't care about the rest of us. Well, then if they got enough money, then what are they need? Mine money for? Or anybody else that would be saying people? They can't get mine money anymore. I'm sure. But there's one thing I want to say. You know, and this is not sucking up. It's just the truth, okay? In your lifetime, you've raised over a million dollars for charity. Sure. I sure is how it wouldn't feel bad about not giving a couple of pennies here and there. Oh no, I don't feel bad about it. No. Okay. Because there's just so many of these poor people out there, and the fact that the cities, for example, Toronto, which is a very wealthy city, would a lot of tremendously wealthy people live there. They just haven't made it a priority. They just, I mean, it's always a big issue up there, and they're always having protests and it's ongoing thing. There's no reason why people have to be out on the streets, especially in the wintertime, freezing their asses, I have to feel so acceptable. That's right. You know what I do? I think there's this, there's this product line called Pot-Shilf. Right. It's meal thought. Right. Basically, you can keep in your car. Mm-hmm. And I give them, you know, why I say that, you know, begging? I'll give them food. Yeah, but you have to cook that in a microwave. No, no. The Pot-Shilf, you can eat, you can just pull it off and eat it right there. Oh. You have to be kidding me. I used to buy those in a supermarket, even in a microwave there were rank. Have it to know what if you're hungry. Yeah, you're right. Let it let me top-shelfe good point. Walking all out, and no seriously, you're really bad hungry. And if you don't want it, you throw it away. Okay. You know, at least I feel good about me. This is getting a little sternal with it or something. You're not gonna ask. Have a great holiday. Bye-bye. What? I sure hope Tony's gets here soon. Have you ever had top-shelfe? No. I'll get a cat that you send to the spot. That next deck was back years ago. And they were like, they're okay. They're in boxes. And you put them into my microwave. They have like a lasagna and they have a spaghetti. They're only about four or five different kinds of things. I've given homeless people money, food, the happiest ever was last Thursday. I gave them a full jack and coke. He was crazy. He really, very excited. Woo! Boy. How about drugs? I don't know what to get him. How about, um, eggmog? 560, 50560. You know, I want to make a statement to our sales department. Okay. And this message is very serious. Don't become an up here in these studios and the new Rogers studios. Ricken to buy drugs. Okay. That's my message to our sales department all over this building. I find it so demeaning and so gross test that there are people from our sales department from the sports sales people all that want to mention no names. But people all over this building come running around here thinking that we're like a bunch of drug peddlers up here. And we're not. No, I said we're not. Are we? Here's a motherland that will manage, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe you might be your father. The pants is a loser. Yeah. I have a message about the campus swimming for you. Have you been wearing them? What are you talking about, sir? I gave you a sweater, pant of sweater down here to similar reservation. Yeah. Have you been wearing it? Yeah. I'm wearing it right now. Good. Well, that's probably it. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. Oh, God. Like I said, the lifeless, the desperate. These people aren't homeless. They're beyond homeless. They're lifeless. This is 560. You a. I have no right. You're the deep dark drugs boys of Washington. You're the one man fit his way to the top of the political food chain. I'm the tank. The lion can. I'm going to do something about him to raise. Really? Walt Disney productions combine 60 years of cartoon history. The two years of political ineptitude to give you a story. We know all too well. Now, there's go to bayonets. Everybody. Talk well. The lion can. With music by Elton John. Same old song and dance by Bill Clinton. There was nothing to roll and my water goes. In the show with Willie off the Paul L. Jones. Bill Clinton is for lion kids. Charlie told it by a new boy. But it never got in his arms. From Lion King. It's the story of love and power starring Bill Clinton. It's just where the guns the entire world. So who you gonna believe? Get their lives. Coming soon. Who pressed not this near you? They do. They do. You know. It's real. They're not. They don't think they'll know that 5, 50, get them. Thanks to our good buddy Brad over at Tony's pizza, 102nd Riftle, what's second Avenue? Pizza just keeps getting better and better and better. And not eating the crust for those who are keeping track. I thought it's any of your business. It's also on any of your business that Greg Reed will obviously don't listen to show. Guess what he just brings me here. To give away. Here are front wall seats for the least Panther game on Saturday. Front row right up against the glass in section 133 Now you want these because if I would have said I'll give him the Joe he wouldn't have given them to me because for some reason he is want you to get any freebies You know that's both the good freebies were Sam and he's not here anymore I'm not sure I can use them. Oh, I do have friends who would definitely use them though Oh, let's just torment the audience with them for a couple hours because I enjoy doing that a lot especially after that free load and back to the quality for But they're just sitting out there waiting to find and we got a couple of pieces of pizza here that we mean Not to able to eat because that Bradson over whole bunch of pizza anybody out there want some free pizza? I want the crust Yeah, we'll just throw it out the window here and you can come out on the 441 and search for crust You can just look in your underwear Unregnorsed their voters can't balance in date. I'm not gonna talk about this. I just mentioned it in passing Dead guy. Here's a dead Haitian he voted And a whole bunch of other people at no business 144 day Harold exam in ballots in just a hundred 38 of big county 600 17 precinct and they found a 144 in eligible voters have been allowed to send in the polls where they weren't even registered Infrared and we got another dead guy that voted in date county And you think that wherever and just like I told the guy on that tape the other day and like I've been trying to tell you people over and over again on tape off tape live recorded and you're never gonna know So what's the point you get not been out of shape about it? There's got to be a better system as in doing it right in this banana Republic let's start doing it right. What are you saying? Oh, release putting on an act pretending that we're doing it right Oh, no, let's just keep counting and counting. I say let's cut the crap The only thing we're counting is all the money we're losing which Wall Street is negative again today not big not bad Don't talk about stocks. You only want to hear you talk about stocks. Okay, anybody want these leaf tickets? Now, maybe what I'll do maybe I'll just give one more. You're on down there and I'll check these seats out Hello 133 that must be on is that on the other side? It must be because 101. I think the next one to me is 134 so must be on the other side Well, that's good. I can go over there and see hello to Howard Kleinberg and his wife And anybody else I know over on the other side. They probably be at least what 500 people are that Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey Neil. Yes sir As part of my job, I have to drive through date Broward and Palm Beach. I'm so sorry through Friday. Yeah, so am I and As you know driving in this time is enough to make you want to blow your brain down Hmm, and the only thing that makes it A taller ball is being able to listen to you between 10 and two absolutely and I just wanted to let you know that I really enjoy the show I recently bought your best CD at specs. Thank you. So when you go in that two o'clock At least I have something to listen to which between two and five oh and I also wanted to just wish you and George a very happy New Year and Joe and Joe and I've seen some hockey games on TV, but I've never gone to the Uranus that haven't been able to afford it and The tickets hop to be available. I would definitely love to use them and to check out the game 13 till noon at five sixty wqm five six seven five six seven five six See he was already on hold wasn't he before even machinating about these other two tickets He was already on hold But you know something if everybody you calls between now and two once said the bag for free tickets That's okay with me. It'll kill some good time. It'll give me some amusement some very Sato-mastic history amusement Welcome to the S&M hour and anybody want to buy some drugs. I'm one of our some egg nog Let me see it again you people down in sales and I really mean this don't be coming up here looking for drugs You fact right down there in your sales department. There's a guy that I'm sure got a plenty apple supply of drugs I don't want to mention no names Here's Pembodepine. Hello Great I can move to a car and ask you for a ticket that you said that you're not gonna give them up. Oh, they have no shame They don't care Well if they're welcome Um, you guess I mistake and we ever believe in the they have to get the new macarine To get the extra staff off to be on for the pleasure Right, I'm gonna be in the league right. That's right. So they could go on put a competitive team to say the same BS that John Henry is using now To try to get them to build them estate him to bail his ass out exactly exactly I'm wise The only thing that the only and then the first season in the macarina and I'd like to see the suggestion team is known I said now you can keep them. Yeah, good a play out. I'm not going to use Hello, I'm a game every year because I'm from Michigan. I really read wings That's only gonna get a go to sure and Yeah, I reckon they can keep the tickets as far as I'm concerned because you know that they're not going to see actually Found the ball one is there. I'm running on pocket the little disparity on the team It's the world of pockets and And they keep lying to the public about the youngsters in the organization and they got bringing up these kids And they think to join out and they send them back down and they keep you in the plane There's shuffle game. They're up there down or in and they're out they're back in their fourth and they're and if they were gonna be any good They never develop them here and then they trim some place else and they become stars are really good player someplace else because this organization never Developed say the young talent. They stink With this logo if you've got down call the And bought me put them all on the same boss. I'm gonna you fell I think they're right near Bye, but there's a good guy. He knows what side it's buttered on you're not fooling us Well, all your BS and all your double talk and the youngsters in the organization and all your other God They may live with horse crap. You're not fooling us You can take all that BS and packet baby on the bus with you And you can pack Mr. Boatie too because life has passed in his ass by and you can bet your bottom dollar that When the sale does go down and they bring a new owner in here. He's not gonna want any part of those guys This organization he's gonna wish him all Immediately if not sooner Here's a call from Stuart. Hello, yeah, I couldn't agree with you more I'm about to go to the guy with the boat guy. Mm-hmm. You know when he was with the islanders He got he seemed to get up type of player that was in your face. He comes down here and what if the you know who's his mind? I mean he treats Uh, what owners? But let's not go through all of the band first of all. He didn't make to the others There was the end that did that that was his man Brian Murr that did that well Anyway, hey, you know one of your topics last week was talk radio Yeah, and you mentioned and you mentioned how you didn't think of any the other markets had Good talk radio, but I do travel into the near area. I didn't say that. Oh, I thought you did I said a good said that that old style talk radio that the political crap that that when I would nickers Well I said well, what do you say about Bob Grant who's number one in your body? Your garbage Bob Grant is a right wing fossa with a bad hair piece. How about Jay Diamond? Never heard of them. They'll measure Bill Mason's a sports guy. No, he does he got the talk radio up there. He's usually does ring off talk now He does talk issues. I know Bill Mason's a great sports guy from Buffalo. Oh, yeah In New York, I know he was from there. Oh, but the family. Let's please don't you me Bob Grant Bob Grant is a Nazi He's a piece of crap. He's a racist pig. Well, just because Michaelizer, I've your fire to move with a run for our remark Okay, so have a great day. Okay, in New York with this isn't New York nobody here has any idea What you're talking about nobody cares about Bob Grant here They had him syndicated on the white ball for about five minutes. You could put his whole audience into a form booth See here's another guy wants to resurrect all that crap. It's dead. It's history and the demographics are a hundred plus God and Bill Mason is picking on him plus he's got to be 100 years old You know who Bill Mason is? See even in New York Bill Mason used to be a sports guy WGR in Buffalo many many like a thousand years ago And then he went to New York. He was a sports guy and now he's a pop guy All right, you know like who knows he's got to be at least 150 years old. He's old enough to be jury Williams grandpa Here's Hollywood hello Hello, yes sir. Yeah Neil. Yes Bill. Bill pleasure and joy list into you. Thank you. Have you know your taster? Thank you. I uh, I used to play hockey in junior high Really know the game well Gondo a couple games I'm telling you that Peter were well, were well. Is a talented kid and they give that kid more ice time Uh-huh. It's a matter. Thanks for the good news five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty. I am a chair comedian today Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How does one thing? There's a lot of cool in the Harold last week. Yeah, and reference to the University of Miami president and local politicians He's a friend to make getting safe funds difficult because of the illegal situation Yeah, I was wondering did you get a chance to read that? Yes, I did and your thoughts. It was up not use Okay, and I'll tell you have a second. I mean what else what else is there to think about? No, it was disgusting. It was great task I agree and it was also a profit of course in his town I agree. I agree. I agree on the thing. It's been out of your public I agree 100% I hope I have a never-for-the-was an average friend of mine That was planning on downloading your best for no city from the Napship Uh-huh, but I talk for matters. When I told him that the post he's got a charity way The majority of the property downloaded anyway. Yeah, sure is a cheap prick. We know that. All right now. Okay. Good luck. You're so nice trial. Nice try Five six seven. I mean, you know, it's just like Fred Durstead. I mean, why would anybody go out and buy some of our crap if you can get it for free Am I questioning is why would anybody buy his crap in a first place Fred Durst ones would worst or do you like that crap don't you? Let's pick this get that's Georgia's favorite Yeah, sorry Yeah, that's all right after you heard that same word for the first 10 million times Bleeped out. Well, he's getting all the hot babes Well, there's another said comment isn't that killer isn't that put that oh yeah Christine Aguilar there you go don't get me started on it again with hot babes That's why they were here are mice that busy land a little bit of a Christine Aguilar You need mouse would be insulted to be compared to that bitch That's not the point. That is the point the point is people like him because he's a hip guy He's a hip guy. Yep Because somebody says that he's a hip guy. Right. Right. Okay. Just like M&M. He must be a hip guy too, huh? So I hear 567 I'll stick with the people on that 7 heaven sure on water brothers even stick with Fred Durst and M&M. Okay Or you can just eat a bunch of M&M's while you're watching look at biscuit I know seeing him will make a work for me Here's Pompid O Beach. Hello Oh, sure good evening You sure okay, you know I was just gonna call on the thing you're listening already You've been a little hot on them. Wait, no, I have not but well, let's have the call The colon audience don't not to listen to the colon. I think corrected the colon is really of shock If the listen to the last few call is a after-gree which I mean Not posting the sending bob brand up in New York who Makes less ribbons and good like a liberal yeah Exactly and the other call, you know, saying people were well being a child Well, that wasn't legitimate call. I was just a you know, I was trying to be an agitated or things are the comedian Probably probably why Maurice boyfriend yeah could be but you're the fair thing here is that Generally what people think they'll Peter or Wellen they do proper buried on here, which is a shame What does that tell you about this market? This is not hockey market. This is the sports town This is the end of the world sir, you know, you're I couldn't agree with your mom How about Brewery could put on a suit walk through the sobwears mall which is you know is right across from where the guys play hockey There wouldn't be five people recognizing You know what I'm asking something you know, are you familiar with co-hanry Who so have you sure yeah, you know, but I was up out in the Portment organ area for a while yeah listen to me was you was quite good to listen to I just wanted if you know in personal Well, I need to find new him we used to work together at I would do all real Okay, I mean I've only been listening to now for a little over a year And then enjoy the show and just want you to know we appreciate you here It was a great talent. I mean to show to me isn't what I used to be and I know every time I said it Oh my god, he rev I'm not rep it. I'm I just don't I just don't enjoy show as much as I used to when we were working together on the same station Because it's indicated most of what he's talking about isn't about here But he's a great talent. Yeah, he was he was you know I mean he's a Bob Grant but he's a great talent. Oh Please Bob Grant I live in New York for a while in God Really like I said he made what Rushwood broke could have be you know like you say Look at Kennedy. Okay, I have a great day pal. I'm happy. Okay, let me pay six we're making some progress I wait how about those leaves? This is five six the UAS 4th K million 5? 580 DM by Hanmy courtLove Made a BEASLeague You So We don't need a little bit to make this a quick somewhat something. You should try out Rousseau, but now they can't go out and take one. There's raw. There's raw. Hey, guys, there's an argument. A few raw ones. I'm trying to save his beloved pure polysweeper from the clutches of the evil. Son and God, please. Thank you, guys. Hey, you, who you are? I can't help you now. Pure belly, sweet grids. It's David's is. It's you. Don't go. I'm calling the lachen depart. Yeah. Pure belly. These situations break. Poor poly. Don't count. One may rise here. To make them stick out. It's wonderful. Nice here. Oh, dreadful again. But I'll be back. Wonder bra. This is it. How can you lend your bra? He's getting away. Stop crying, Poly. For the villain is jerky. Your past line is back. And your scooters are faking. Now the world is safer. Boots that want to flop up. That's so crude. When TV is used up, let's show there's only one place you can go to. One, and then bra. Put it up from the college. You're just a fan of the scene of death. And take your thing. And it's new by cutter. Find out the board of the 100. 100. What's the point? The cutter is stuck in the ground. And there's only three four to two. Okay. Got those free tickets right down there by the glass to see Darcy Tucker and Matt Sundine and Sergey Burris and Enquitous Joseph. Saturday night. I know I'll be there. What do you think, Joe? You think I should give him away? Oh, definitely. Oh, you know. Five, six, six. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, six beyond the AT&T. And who has a wildest mind? Why are people vaccine these stuff about the God damn election and about absentee balance? Stop. Stop it now. Don't you people ever stop? Oh, no. Like that. It even glend from Miramar. Glenn, I hope you get God damn IBS and IBM. Okay. I hope somebody gives you 100 shares of shifters for Christmas. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Baby, what's that? And good, too. Yes, sir. He's working the board today. Joe. He's such an asshole. Okay. Great. Well, I'm telling you, said so. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Out of town line is open of course, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. He said you're an asshole, Joe. Here's a mobile in Fort Waterdale, hello. You, yes, sir. The social conversation with the here about the Panthers for a minute. Yeah. I'm listening a little bit to the first team this morning and I'm hearing that. Like that would be sensible. Well, yeah, I know. I'll look at that little show on there on the first team that defending, you know, our little boy there at the Panthers, about that article that was written. It just makes me feel like I was about 10 minutes until 10. And Joe turned the amount of the website. I had to listen to the last few minutes of their show. And when I heard him start doing that, I was in there pounding on the window to their studio. That's off of them. Well, you, you missed the garbage. I was screwed around, 90 in or something like that. We, we eat 30 in when he went off on the whole article. But, you know, I thought it was a good article. I thought it was about the first time that any of our sports people writers in this town showed a little balls. Yeah, I mean, everybody that knows anything about hockey knows that it's time for the Murrays to have their, you know, walking papers handed to him. And that, really should get to get the hell out of town too. There are coaches getting fired in league every week their guys getting canned. Including, including crad Ramsian fillet of the flyers at 30 points before they fired him and brought in Bill Bower and he still got canned. And these guys have got a license to steal forever until Wayne makes his deal. Well, let me ask you, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me. What is this, what the, you know, what the, you know, what the team, I mean he does that little pit thing on the, uh, panther hockey, you know, game night or whatever. He's an employee, he gets paid by them and as we go, he's under a lot of pressure and, uh, believe me, that organization. If you work for them in any way, shape or form and you look at them cross riders say just the wrong thing, they're all over you like, stick on Wayne. So then you understand why he takes the stance where he does that something needs to be done. And then why does he just keep his mouth shut? Why does he go on a tack Michael Mayore where, you know, defend it effectively. He just keeps his mouth shut. That's, that's why I took exception to it. If you could say that, then he needs to say the obvious about, you know, what the story is with the coaching staff. All right, you know. Okay, hold your breath. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT and T line. Free ticket, baby. Not, what are you laughing about? Just because Greg Reed isn't listening to the show and it's totally out of the loop as usual has no idea what's going on here today. And brought me in these free tickets. He was trying to do something nice. He says, hey, it's your team, the least right up against the glass. When I said, no, you up against the glass on the way out as well as said. And he did he back right into the glass. Like a clutch with an expensive traded out suit. 560, 50560 pound 560 on the AT. What are you giving those numbers out again? Because it's the holidays. I was just going to come in today through the rest of the week because we won't be here on New Year's Day. Obviously, they got a bunch of volumes. Thank God. No best of tapes next Monday. Thank the Lord. Thank you God for that. Those best of tapes are an embarrassment. They did their awful. All along a poll. They're okay. Once in a while 49, suck 49. My favorite one wasn't there 36. Well, what can we do to replace them? What do you mean by that? I mean, we got to have something for a moment. You get sick or something. You know, you're just going to be doing the show? That's right. How about the auto racing show with Joe Costello? No. No. Bad idea. How about the tapes about Grant? How about Bill Mesar does topics? Huh? Talk radio, coast to coast. Yeah, let's just open up the Potton Pots and Civicator crap on there. Let's have Tony Bruno laugh. I can hire you from ESPN radio. They are on laughing gas. They're at ESPN radio. What a bunch of asshole those guys are. They're going to laugh. And even the promos they play now, once in a while, I'm on a car and Saturday. that crap on on the weekend we go with a brilliant idea and even the promers that they play they're all laughing like somebody stuck a goddamn uh two uh uh our laughing gas up their ass yes what's the idea Miguel extend the first team two hours and have hank come in two hours early woo yes the extent each oh two hours that sounds like a hell of a job what a suck-up job that was yeah we could say that at the end of each two hours segment where's the one we said that was a two hour and that's my favorite one what the hell is that I got to find that come on Joe where the hell is it that was mandatory thought oh yeah was that a managed one where she said that was a two hour suck-up job one moment please got to find it I'll find it five six seven four five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a call in Tamorack hello yeah I really eat man that uh telly or something like that and it's called Myers and Haley- never heard of it oh the delicious roast beef sandwiches uh that they're gonna head yeah okay uh this good often okay great call Myers-Dell always what I want to tell you I think of Haley at O2 that's my favorite place for Dellie okay chronic you know who that one was same old-terred chronic been making on the area either as so five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T funny what people try to disguise the voice that got like really obvious voices you know I'm talking about yeah but wait yeah but wait a second here's a oeladian pombie hello ladies pombie oh this is Lynn how are you okay you know Neil you were talking about all these radio personalities but you forgot about five six seven five sixty pound five sixty I mean this you don't want this is today it's just what you expect this time of the year it's a show for the desperate I feel today more than almost any other day of my life I'm doing a tremendous public service this is a show for desperate cars that nobody will talk to this is a desperate show for radio people and nobody listens to then nobody ever heard of that they're trying to get their name on here which doesn't work this is incredible desperate will be a compliment and it still doesn't work woo man oh man what times that what times they're candid to leave what times nine sixteen twenty nine five sixty wqm that was a two hour blow drop honey I know we haven't had sex a long time but are you sure it's not too soon after the operation no I'm ready and where are you going hey what the hell are you doing in our bedroom wait a minute what it's a durus I'll die from TV they see you got one of those newfangled phenyl implant yeah what kind of batteries you got in there in the implant it doesn't use batteries you've don't get anything else in here use batteries wait a minute what about this double headed dildo wow look at it what kind of batteries you got in this puppy uh durus so that's what we use in all our mirror delay and why that because durus so last longer can see why that would be important well it's not her mostly she's pretty sure I am not that more guys and put all the other um well I don't know just let myself up durus so the world is better these last longer I suppose you want to screw in too proper king at five sixty wqm forward managed same that was a two hour bloter that's what I thought that one said okay let's go to Miami hello Miami when is this hello yes sure hey New I did want to thank you for the best of new TV I did download it from Master and it's great okay great for all my friends okay good enjoy and stick it up your eyes too while you're at it five six seven and give you brother another a bloter by the right of two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and 10 for eyes of wireless line more than pepper pine hello hey how you doing there okay sure uh you know what I think I'm going back over to four miles because the calls over here today have been just absolutely terrible what do you mean today well in general I'm sorry general representative proud this is a good cross section of South Florida well you know you should be appreciative them when we call them four miles and we're more from over there but I'm not well you know being as competitive as you will at least be uh I have something to say something not usually well but you know at least we'll be supporting how you can we've got a team that actually can compete over here that's long you I mean it's going to be a thousand people over here but that is a good thing yeah but nobody here cares about that to nobody cares yeah but see yeah I'm just saying in general let me say it again nobody cares okay with all the respect nobody cares wait I'm not gonna say people like that okay fine five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and 10 for eyes of wireless line well we just stick it's phone up is um under his armpit there at the end of the call something like that I'm sure it's not a rugged here's public fine so I'm yes sir I love you show uh I've never called before but I just broke all kinds of traffic laws trying to get back to the office to call you great um it really isn't being I'm only a marginal hockey fan I've been doing one game but uh for the mind is from Toronto this down here is uh you actually met him once he had a uh he was got what a ponytail and a dummy jersey on the right that's one of the games uh um I had called risk it hung up on because I had that would be he would crap in his pants for front row seats oh so in the reverse that's the only reason you call you race back to the office to call me she could you get stuck around for tickets yeah oh god no can you believe that yes yes I can subscribe got back in his car race back to the office to call me because you heard that we had a per ticket's right up against the glass at least it worked out for him so if you go see tied dummy I'll come up to the big sports is wasted on Saturday and watching you know pound down on his head just like last year's symbol crap 560 560 560 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line got pretty slim pickin to this way cause I did that put these slim pickins out of time line is open at guy from four miles there was given us all that brakidosio there about the great cause we get from the west coast which I have to kind of but you're muse that that 877 785 660 485 of course we're not on here this how are we? no no so what time I give in the number of four here's a mobile and cross brings hello oh yeah no yes yeah I see it on the news this morning that a church bushing stop here's a pop in a hello pop in a hey Neil how are you okay long time this first time color but one told me that you used to be the announcer that was the U of the M baseball yeah longer going long long time ago oh no you question that then we used to talk about the game that the game was going on now these seem to just talk about what happened off the field and then it still happens on the field anymore and I think maybe that's why these guys want that 25 million dollars or support their habits off the field uh-huh when you agree I want to know if I had a lot of a lot of drug use on those teams back then too 560 560 in fact I remember one year at Omaha the college world series joking around crazy that the hurricanes were the only team in Omaha that had two instead of just one drug dealer and he got very a red in the face about that but nevertheless that was a long time ago too what do you look at me like that for it's true i'm not gonna mention a the name players names to protect a guilty but there was one guy had a relative from Texas for the wall away in with uh- from Texas with a uh- loaded drugs I know there's only a little weed you know 20 or 30 pounds something like that 150 to 100 pounds of weed and the the hurricane players were saying that's the best weed I ever seen I'm not sure if that's you they want to see as your law what a whatever was that doesn't make really make a difference whether to you they want to not all just try to put my finger on it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line day after Christmas got a real sorry a lot of losers out there today pathetic now and what does that mean Canada what what does that mean go back city well i want to put that on a Canada hello hey you yes sir it's a really like a call to let me you know you thought it's we're moving up the Canada how do you make out all you oh man perfect I got here about three days ago but it is cold about 10 degrees yeah I know I just got back from Toronto I was there this week man but let me tell you those my ass often still had a great time yeah here you're the city's clean nice people it's beautiful I was listening to you at the internet and boy I might get them out of that right home yeah this this today ought to be a good bell lesson for you made it right choice and my mind fact me uh uh the paper on uh a piece of the paper on Saturday with the dead voters voting yeah oh geez oh boy but let me tell you we came up here with some american dollars got a good uh good exchange for them and uh we're doing awesome meal that's right I'll be able to buy some real good drugs with that American correct you keep up the good find me okay good luck in pal so watch after those frogs there you go call from Quebec city he got out here even the Julios I get the can't handle it but anybody blame them oh how's that delion highly I come and uh Joe great delion highly oh god man did I call back he says they make a great sub I don't give a crap what I hope they get on a sub with those Russians 5 6 7 0 5 I don't think they get on a sub with the moories and with Mr. Boatie and barley the whole bunch of them have a great life think with men here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami let's try another one mobile in Miami hello hello yes I do and yeah okay I'm free tickets no thanks I got my buddy got some free tickets for the heat game and we went down there trying to find parking I got cars parked up and down both sides of the street we're coming up the street there we didn't know what they were but a bunch of who we those come with their little blades are confined down with their brake lights I wouldn't get out of the way get that I want to start a flight with 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 10 10 nice to be back in a nice friendly place at the holidays place where everybody loves each other city of hate I don't know what you people belly I come about this group the whole years of this one because that's where you thrive on who the how would you have to hate of all these people you know we're gone now you'd have no life at all here's a mobile in Miami boot hello so I'm Zomple's at the major more than Miami Beach here's for a lot of day hello oh yeah sir how you done okay listen I used to be a chronic um give or to the homeless people too now you can say I'm more selective I'll give you two quick examples I was standing in at the Delhi County at the property there was this short there was one a short short for standing next to me a short what the hell is a short a short sir no not short a short your okay okay but I any any come back to me and you go boy I thought it was in line two for the Delhi County as well yeah I mean came up next to me and he goes boy that public chicken sure looks good I got definite done and you all funny you open up to the sand he gets the only problem I'm 75 cents sure and the other time was public at public well how could you deny a spartor is fried chicken man what's wrong with you all right did I get I gave the next of a first life to water my own as you're hope so so how are they you know I did but out the other time I was driving down 95 it was pouring down rain yeah and there's a guy standing in the medium he looked and I look like college years in this to rapidly the updated date and he had a fine and I couldn't make it out because it was pouring down rain I thought really bad for him and then I get up to the fine and it said why lie I need a beer yeah so I gave him a dollar so I'll see in the food section 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Boko hello hey how you doing great hey I was watching a South Park episode you ever see that hanky poo never watch that now no it's actually a piece of poo and it talks and it wherever it lands it makes a brown mark I just thought that was hilarious and I saw that yeah and I just thought I get that I get that I get that you're fucking kidding me okay great thanks for the good news welcome to pru talking she George will be on some other day when I'm not here you can talk to George about South Park and drugs 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello hello you yes sir you have the you get the after the hot and game manager got locked in the closet no no no it's played that so we let's hold those yes we got it 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line how you all do and doing this all there's a is if I have to ask pretty bitter about being here I don't blame you here's a lady in Miami hello yes ma'am yeah for the first color or the dye that just got about that public stroke yeah that wasn't a joke no he was a jerk why is that yeah so about the watermelon you did yeah why yeah why is that I thought that was hysterical I thought it was a funny thing I've heard this hour yeah well what do you have to tell us what you want to tell us I call that guy that called about the Napster the Napster yeah I was wondering how do you do that how do you want how do you download 50560 go to public so okay while you're eating your five chicken and slice of water melons maybe somebody you draw your diaphragm okay honey I wonder how many times she voted yeah oh yeah that's gonna be the new deal how many illegal sparks can we get to vote next time we got obviously have a lot more than we did this last time didn't work out did it work out no it's probably could here's a mobile and del Rey Beach hello hey nailed a morning yesterday afternoon rather yeah okay to hear me I hear you now what's the notion now you know that when you quit a job you need to give your employer two weeks no if I was a last time your employer can't use us oh and another two weeks I'm gonna fire here well what does that mean where did that come from what is the notion why I guess you're putting a notion in our uh oh like this I'm going out work okay I just I just I just uh whatever reason this or no it all depends I mean if you want a good reference then you give me some notice if you don't give a crap and you don't put up a bop on google that's it yeah right hey uh and why what the holiday how about my religion better than your religion yeah exactly five six seven zero five sixteen not oh five six the older letter got that really gives me everybody five six seven five six three woo what a Queens roster up today aren't they bunch of petulant Queens I guess they must have in the seventh heaven last night twelve twenty six and five six to Q a m this is five six the Q a m two late no I was supposed to respond there I forgot about it well I was so wrapped up with these great calls yeah I was fantasizing about going on through the produce section and seeing which one of these fruit cakes had run into well regardless of which one maybe they got a big ball spawn it's a piece of geese if your car's high fence over go see Ben don't you'll realize what you had was pain is what you've got then invited your brain oh yeah you've enjoyed driving mercury you loved your Saturn now come and dig your heinous love that new car smell nothing smells like your heinous dependability no one have ever got stuck in your heinous take the plunge never be a true baby Ben go rain and if you like a car that holds the road you couldn't wipe out your rain if if you tried your rain is powerful yet great with gas need Trump space rest assured you can pack anything in your rain is and if your rain is as rear ended are well lubricated joint little salt in the blow come to our show room and pick out your rain is and leave that messy paperwork to check out your heinous take the dive like we're doing and over at my journey so Bob the movie is in the building on our explains why our equipment that the in-house front systems all screwed up probably probably probably got a spin-roin it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line happy new year from all your good friends here at QAN and us two hundred sixty five oh seven I pull best in the real tapes all okay once in a while sixty five they suck fifty seven are my favorite when the alert do not be there forty three here's a mobile in North Miami hello yes sir I have a question completely as a girl you were talking about it try to show I was and they were up and down oh my god we took a poll over the weekend the last thing that this audience wants to hear about is my health one question why are my eyes my all I'm talking about one question did you get a one you say the one here about my health that you sure is that the one here about yours no I know I need to know did you have a one tracking case you get it done at the doctors there's no home testing kit for trackless arrives but that's my question thank you you're welcome bye bye did I what a cheap bread you British man I thought the Canadians were cheap they got nothing on you guys they're real thirsty like the Scottish thirsty cheap cheap cheap you're going to wear a new up and you're going to rest around to be like a couple of old British women sitting there and the Lord of one entry and split it and then when they get to tad they're like you know arguing back and forth like oh who had the extra cup of tea and who had the crumpets who had the splice of watermelon that's one thing about never good poll question one day do British eat watermelon huh I kind of doubted it and they're not eating too much steak these days either I'll tell you that bad bad mad cow disease is running rampant see that's my luck getting the problem and then I'm still in all of a sudden they got bad meat five six seven or five sixty pop well I'm sorry five six seven five sixty get it right get it right guy damn it I'm gonna try a snick tick a lot of hostile queens you today must be there's log cabin Republicans are she big article in paper about that which is you know code for self-hating fangs like Jews for Hitler the log cabin Republicans and he just can't understand why nobody else gives them no respect you know big article here in the Broward section to hear this morning one cabin GOP struggle or yesterday more struggles for geese acceptance the answer is oh no come out of your closet more ways than one just admit that you're about to self-hating fags and stop pretending to be something that you're not here's broker hello here's a mobile in bokeh hello hello yes sir hey love to show happy holidays I wanted to say thanks to the post-on-police the book we're talking to you job over the holidays season especially Joe carrier at a palm at a park thank you mm-hmm okay I hope you get what you want from Joe yeah I think I got to put you going to tell you what that is five six seven over five sixty I'm sorry five sixty didn't write it to number it's not a letter you silly fag what is that what's in the box oh it's a race car look at that now where do you hold a that come from I guess Miguel found it in the closet with man with manage huh yeah isn't that sweet also all I see he's digging through that old closet probably find a lot of sam's old skeletons in there here's Miami hello hello yeah sir hey man I love you show it gets me through the deck yeah here work you see my old ball and chain was getting on my nerves and I want to be at a room turned on the QAM yeah the best double is on and I like the best double the worst that's the most embarrassing tape of this show I ever heard my life I like it I heard it's having back in the airport I wanted to turn around you right back on a plane hey man in fact even if I wouldn't have heard it I still wanted to go back and get on a plane but anyway you know that bit you have of uh... read this film from uh... who wants to be a millionaire yeah they got some dude there you know what's up yeah i think that's great man uh... i heard in a while though and you think today you might be able to cook me up and put it on just for you panel dig it up for thanks man okay have a great life okay where is it y'all uh... see on some of these I wrote it on the outside when there was something outstanding like that we just didn't pop down here's the AT&T phone scam i can be playing at today because you people are driven out into the ground read your sent up that enough i didn't write it on the outside of the envelope i got bad news for a certain i want to get you depressed here in new years time and all but if i didn't write it on the outside of the envelope i think the chances of race on it's not in there is it no i'm not in muster recently it's like less than a year old so it's not in the c.s five six seven five six the outlook for it but uh... is that all uh... best of this year we just in pop daddy invite me you think you have one of those c.s i have one i don't i don't think i have a one no i don't have it why would i have one of those see this is the right goes with these funders is every year i get nothing i get if i'm lucky i get one or two of the keychain and if i don't time down and here they disappear i get maybe one c.d and then of course gary over my doctor's office he's always hitting up for the free c.d's and crap exchange for all the drugs and that's it and so i don't even have one we'll get you one what does he batlin about but he sure he must have got a late several times this weekend i'll tell you funny she called you he is Kevin for what others are condoms but you know something there is the basket was for before the weekend that's why i've got to be small in his post maybe he's blown bubbles for somebody man yeah the plant peridard people said a care package with all kinds of condoms and lubricants and all kind of stuff that was sitting here on Friday when i left come back here this morning like almost all gone somebody must have been a busy beaver this weekend okay yeah so let's see is it on here actually i'm i don't even know why you say that because i'm sure it's not on here one McGillan is lawyer bush with the workers i don't think so five six seven here's a lady in pebert pines low yes man you know the issue oh i'm a hockey fan and i don't see i feel vain can i sell the team for one reason because he hasn't made the team good enough to sell who wants to buy a product that's so bad he should get ready are you agree with the original manager and the company and then maybe team will win a few more you're going to compete with you to sell you go to the games not now good i got to range games for the new york uh range of sand but uh if he doesn't include it he's not going to be able to sell it unless he's going to run a fire say what you're not going to want yeah so are you agree with you so we're stuck with we're stuck with you get smart okay so we don't okay feel better that was her story man let's figure out a bold bad bold grits i'm not going to find every just thinking of you think i'm going to you know kill myself sitting here going through eight million justified demand you must be dreaming you must be like john Henry i lowered its sounds like yeah don't want to be 21 till one at five sixty wqa m on a free bizarre day i'm just them wondering what the other i come in for today we could have just played a bunch of you know bits all day one after the other that was my intention i never had any intention to take any one phone call today and then i went on and i did my thing and you noticed the tremendous the tremendous response i've had to my stance on not supporting Wayne and his your panther thing not way i mean you know she was okay with her bad throat and all but nothing nothing there the response generally has been all that can we hear your tickets then we'll go if it's free anybody have a heart or a liver never lost his hair or she'd do have a care co-bane his name was Kirk now he's pushing up their co-bane why things will fall is kin do in heroin co-bane never thought it was hot and now his Kirk they ain't got co-bane he got hot it's good bad and he died yeah co-bane made a million and hour never took a shower co-bane he's a number one hit in heaven big mosh hit co-bane he'll be Elvis the king and six runs with my thing co-bane so if you're filled with doubt don't take Kirk's way out co-bane he got hot it's good bad and he died co-bane out and I'm in another bizarre twist so i have been banished i've been put in a closet outside the locker and i can't get out of here well if we have someone listening in my amy who might have a connection to the stadium here please call and tell them to let Jim manage out of the closet in the locker is that you knocking on the door Jim trying to get out yes no it is well feel free to y'all for help at any time i just can't get off exactly let's put Jim mad dog mad at you out of the closet so we can be on the air tonight which he will be 26 and 10 p.m. yeah right after a Hank and Hank will have the mark promise at five itk after the mad dog five six seven five sixty lots of lines available here we got another hour and a quarter to go no takers on those tickets damn it rugs gonna be really upset about that here's crawl gables hello yes sir you was saying earlier you were saying earlier that the worries got some such a big response in the hockey thing but uh i think you felt a real out of that that's just a separate spot on the s.p. and then about just crap about no okay great thanks for your brilliant calls sir and get the crap out of your mouth five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the air everybody days a wise guy everybody's got a sarcastic comma and you want to know why cuz you got no material that's why all you bringing colors out there you got nothing to talk about you got squad you got and your stuck here for the holidays and so why not just behind the end of the video the phone call and make a real jackass out of yourself and you do the pretty good job so far on the three solid hours of it here's Miami hello Miami going once okay what are you in poppin oh hello yeah how you doing okay uh last time I called I only wanted tickets this time I'm calling I wouldn't pay to go but uh i'll go for free the other thing is um well you can answer me first now have a comment well what does that mean were you just said what in again god's name does that mean well i time you called you called for tickets now you couldn't pay it ago but if we have this if you haven't for free or what does that mean well well well i'll time everybody's trying to share your coat and uh to give you a bunch of bf to share your coat there they're asking you yeah i'm not gonna need tickets away well alright let me talk to you there are two chances of my given these tickets away and i got it in my pocket right now none and much less than none okay none then let me tell you the thing about the uh cheap Canadians i'm a Canadian too so i'm gonna tell it yeah i get uh i Canadian couple they only forty bucks she come to go to fifty and uh i tell her i didn't have change for fifty i only had eight dollars so i give her eight dollars and instead of saying uh it's like two weeks for Christmas instead of saying uh this came to two dollars she's waiting around for the two dollars she's still waiting for the two dollars yeah so i go for one with uh what you said they're they're definitely the cheapest ones around anyway yeah have a good day woo man five six seven zero five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's highly uh hello you know it's holiday season five six seven like i said zero five sixty save it punk back in a sack with your brother jack here's a mobile in Miami hello hey you know how you do it okay you know i've always respected your opinion um on a good piece of meat but i got to tell you i was real disappointed i was just in Vegas a few weeks ago and i was staying at the Venetian which is right next to the rosewood grilla uh did you know i've never talked about this place let me give it a shot yeah that was one of the worst stakes i've ever had well i haven't eaten there in years maybe they gone downhill i never had anybody over the years complain everybody i've ever talked you said that it's great that they loved it they were expensive but that it was sensational so yeah it's funny you know i usually get a bad piece of meat anywhere yeah but you know it's funny the guy the way that came over and it's the very knowledgeable he said that he used to work at roots Chris which i happen to love i know you like roots yes i do in fact they have two of the best roots Chris in the world of Vegas yeah and for i figured i'm not gonna go to roots Chris i can get it down here Miami right um and he said he used to work there and and he says let me tell you you quite honestly these stakes are much better than roots Chris at that one i'm salivating yeah and he comes over brings a piece of meat that i wouldn't i would have brought back at the outback yeah that's that's the third time you're said that already and i'll say it again you can get a bad piece of meat anywhere yeah but besides everything else was great Vegas okay great thanks to report there's another bit for Vegas was great except you got a bad piece of meat Joe anybody and i'm gonna make a rule right now since it's almost been a year we use resolution on the show i don't want to hear about Vegas ever again i'm a program ever ever ever i know it's great i know it's fun i know that that's take how she's talking about happens to be a very good place Rosa did you ever eat there now two expensive for you Rosa would grow great seafood gigantic huge lobster's very high price but nevertheless some of you got a bad piece of meat there not interesting sir it is not interesting it is as useless as taking a crap in the middle of a highway meaningless useless there isn't one person in the audience who just benefited in the least bit was entertained on news anything from that conversation but they'll keep the kitchen good time oh god yeah just got back from Vegas we had a great time now good drop the postcard here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir good afternoon for how are you great kind of nervous i'm gonna call your show before never listen for a long time i have a couple of comments to make your own back earlier or speaking about this stadium when i was overclap my wife is a third-rate teacher yeah and it is a shame i mean it's it's beyond belief and it's it's unbelievable that here these people want to build this small pie millionaire a new toy basically a sandbox and in the meantime our children are going to school and portable so you don't understand all for now it is not unbelievable because the people here don't all say what i said earlier in a show and i'm i'm right the people in this state and in this area don't care about education because if they did that wouldn't be going on right now it didn't care beyond like i don't know i i don't know what it is my wife and you can contact or speak to any public school teacher and i would tell you that you won't find one of them that will tell you that they don't spend at least 200 to 250 dollars out of their own pockets yeah every year for supplies for the kids yeah and then and then i agree with you but you can't change the public you can't force feed them they don't care they don't give a crime it is it is it is it's not an it's beyond rationale i know it's America for you man unreal we can find all of money in the world for stadiums and arinos and the billionaires and trillionaires sport and people with jack steps but when it comes to taking care of your kid when it comes to educating him uh protecting him whatever nobody cares it's forget it and then another thing that um it gets it i don't know it's i come to see what's it done like uh out you know whatever happened that are sunshine law thing i come and wasn't put up to a vote because it wasn't because i'm about county let me say it again so because it's in big county well whatever it's keep for okay have a great day sir five family say it again it wasn't just cubans the anglers who bothered showing up to vote the sparlan at election back in September the majority of them also voted for mayor pinga pecania so even these anglers you wanted cubans sir but the fact is that the majority of all the people of Odin day county voted for mayor pinga pecania for one of the most notorious con artist and quicks whoever docking our place are joint oh she talking about drugs again yeah so let me give a message to ourselves department i don't know what you're reacting like that for Joe weed with this is not an egg nags stand we don't saw egg nags here you're not supposed to talk about about one right huh about the fact that they keep coming up here looking for drugs now no look at what what just happened there what what all was that what was what what you do the phone just magically i was just i had my thumb on it and it vanished here's what an order deal hello hey new happy holiday and to you all right hey we're talking to the experts i've had here today boy i'm going to have a look at it hey we're the case of you know we're still over all of the dinner uh last night yeah and uh you know the comments came up about different talk show host and really i must have been a sentencing conversation yeah actually the why i think i'm actually turned into a some i even conversation over who was the best and uh you know i have the chance to my work involves me driving around every day front throughout the tricani area and i do i tried i can i listen to everybody here and there but one of the things that i realized last night was talking to everybody was that uh over the last few months when everything was going gone gone on i've really learned to respect you and in your show i guess more so you didn't send the show and so because you you put some thoughts in my mind especially over the last 35 days of the election and everything that uh you know like one of the things you said was hey we're all not getting over and so we got a good one x4 you that we just gone out to get along and we'll make it through the next four years and then just that one little thing you said right there to sop in the and they be responsible for what we need to do so that's what we need to do so that a difficult to copy in other words is there any point in getting all psychotic and crazy about it or you know that you do that we can do that you do the best we can that's right because you need to uh not see the attorney general the country there's no reason to get upset about that well just like you said we got to get along and we'll make it i mean we've made it through worse that's right you know regardless of what happened is who stole what and who's doing what and just remember if they think this guy is stupid remember drill 40 makes this guy look like Einstein right i should have him hey you know what it should make a soft smart it is should make a soft smarter people you know for those of us that say they don't realize what took place or well that we're just whining and if you've been listening today they weren't working yet maybe you know there's a lot of small more come blade reaction yeah okay let me ask you quick question um i'm not going to thank you for tickets but i will do i will not be able to take it child no i will buy some the i will buy some of your new uh promotions and make a make a donation to your uh benefit how's that sounds well what does that mean i i i i would be willing to pay not you but for your benefits and for your cause uh to bring to to purchase those why do you want to speak why well because it's going so better instead of to feed way in his anger and uh you know that beautiful little house in the rest of his family own uh all along along along along along along along along with basically what you want to do is you want to come into the back door and that's the real reason why you called sure after you put it in the up and stuck around and you listen for the last and yet a big conversation that didn't last night over the holidays about pop show host are you believe in that you talk about convoluted why not just get right to the me to the matter sir why be to run abortion waste all this valuable time of this tremendously important program which you just got through suckamy so hard to tell me what a brilliant man i am and how i made you think about all of our other bookcraft all of us gratuitous why it was just a freaking lie all you wanted was free effman pickets pal are you wanted to give the money to a cherry why not go on support our charity without hockey tickets like all those other people did will he do it no you better sweet as you won't do it because the whole purpose of that call was to suck around for tickets how do you like that is that shocking in his town or i give it amen 1257 it's five six eight you are in this is five six eight you are for three two five six seven you can weigh in by any portloader there are these lead broadcast groups they have w q a m dot com or the world oh bro it's the one to two hours not but you have the stop you've been to an act of from the UK charming and present in a white friendly way I'm a trucker I've been to Cuba to make someone a chapter I thought the big guys women me to Marco he was caught by captain how they were you said that he was up to no good been done that fine it comes up big mom when you got a hooker and got a blow job it'll occur and get a blow job in the back and she went down on his now not broke it up they saw her head pop with you got a hooker and got a blow job English don't have sex they drink to my team unless you're part of the royal family but you've been not like that he's no we go snob toy got a hooker he got a blow job get a hooker and get a blow job all right in the back if you went down on his now got a hooker he got a blow job you got a blow job you got a blow job you're okay keep a hooker what is your always in fight with you one or two at five sixty there's another one that just leaves me cool man he'll grant is he got talent is he look good all he likes sexual oh in addition which he's British which makes him like 14 starts against them already what is the story with him do you think he's a good actor oh no oh I hate him man five six seven zero five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for zero I can't stand people let's say zero like if you're getting a credit card number on the phone like if you're buying up I don't play take it or something and giving you a credit card number do you say zero or do you say sometimes I say zero just to similarly every now and then I slip and I do say zero and I'm gonna make it a new year's resolution I will never say zero again ever just to piss off that silly wimpy queen to call before there was like he was having a nervous snid about it get it right get it right man here's hialia hello funny as you were here was the last time we had a real call from hialia can you remember I'm eight eighteen seventy five here's a mobile in the keys hello mobile in the keys yeah yes hi Dale this is a quickie just a report that we're listening to your show back to my amy unfortunately from gay west there's couple of facts who else that it's some care for tickets we care for it's pop ability of how you're doing with you okay likely story okay go clean up you act in your first can two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for lives of wireless why here's homestead hello yes sir hi Dale hop in the year happy new year I am I'm a big base of and yeah I would like to have a stadium but this guy will go away he said it right on the nail is education next night of money it's a mess I tell you the thought to get um the other thing I was gonna tell you it's um okay great five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for life's more of a slime oh boy I'll tell you you guys have really got you somes on it today here's for the city hello hi I don't okay okay but the audience here has got some serious problems I wasn't even gonna bring that up because I can see our very short patients no I don't I don't I have all the patients I ever have it just that we got a lot of answers today yeah I don't have a good one of them I just wanted to ask you a question I don't know if I've already talked about one first minute should be for I just received a federal speeding ticket what that was that I don't know that's all I was coming out was an ever great natural park and we were driving along in the speed limit 55 we were going 73 and we received a federal speeding ticket well you should have told them don't make a federal case out of this that's what you tell them who was this from a I what what kind of guy I don't know so it's not even you know you did you just the smoking the bear pull you over a regular looking police car wasn't a park reindeer yeah there's a regular looking police car with lights online yards you know regular fashion like an FHP yeah kind of FHP but you know what he's looking like he's looking for and that kind of FHP what was it not kind of those things it's kind of FHP looking no it doesn't say I can tell you the officers name what's Kent looney yeah looney looney I think you're starting a closer to the answer and what I may win the money I have descended to the central violations bureau in Atlanta Georgia X1 we'll don't do it again 560 5060 pound 560 looney even a cops are looney today I'm the new Roger show this is great thanks for to be here until from flyway none too soon Lamar Thomas will be joining him as 5 Jim Mad Dog managed to fix it they let him out of the closet it he K at 10 here's Delray B chillin and Neil how are you okay happy holiday to you then I won't jerk you around I'll get right to the point I would like an opportunity for a shot at the tickets and here's why sure sir Whitman when you start off by saying a shot at the tickets there is no shot at any tickets how many times have you heard me say that I didn't well how could you be listening to the program I was I I asked whoever was taking the calls if they were still available and he went yes otherwise I would have just gone about what those things were always still available what what tickets are you talking about tickets to the the least game yeah and what tickets are those you got them somehow from upper management right and what did I say when I got them I didn't hear that part well how do you know that I got him then yeah how could you know I got him from upper level management if you didn't hit that part that's what that's what that's what you said so yeah yeah and I said there is no chance I'm given these away well if it if you if you would consider it oh can we say didn't go around the dining room table five times before I finally got to it when I was 13 I was in an all-boy school and I was in my dorm room looking at the radio and I was in the foster he would call the 67 cup final it was so exciting foster he would didn't call the 67 cup final bill he would did was it bill bill he would it wasn't foster no there isn't there is no chance that it was foster I'm gonna take off that in the corner that was bill he would you the best you're the best but that's that in the answer is still no five six seven all five sixty in by the way that was not from 67 all I could dig that one up I got Bob Bond playing on a broken ankle I was bill he would sure doing that game bill he would the great bill he would it's quite a what that outstrat can says who wouldn't know a hockey now if they stuck what up his ass this is just I I can't kind of come up with a word for this performance by the audience today since the election stuff Peter doubt it's been we have it's like somebody pulled a goddamn drain out of a uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh bad tub and like we're getting sucked right down uh into the uh pipe into the septic tank with these people this guy was 13 years old and he was listening to the foster unit doing the 67 cup final on cbl seven 40 in Toronto eh here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir oh yeah great happy holidays same to you happy new year they are one one about the audience today sucks uh huh so listen I I want to give you a idea I was listening to the award team you know Dave yeah and he was they they were kind of being up on you because they had this uh trivia question did you hear about it about the baseball question no they they have some color trivia question who's been hitting the face by more baseball yeah very funny five six seven oh five sixty see how do you boyfriend John Henry while you're out of two sir this is five sixty two a l a whole crowd on hockey fans and the United States and Newfoundland and that's the big load of Canadian servicemen over say are you searching for a new sensation in dining if you're tired of that same old bump and grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat it the why that right folks because here at the why we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-wuttering buffet and you've never seen a thread like this one see three some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted and if you like eating Mexican food up the why because every night is a bonnet or if you enjoy the taste of wild eat our separate era looks making thought a rabbit baked in a golden flower cross add right air pie which is all here literally mound of piping hot food including juicy fake book medium rare cause when you eat it the why all the meat is in the middle or if you like spicy food here's an unusual hungry hot kitchen you'll think talk about a piece of ass that brings their theorized it's worth second good this you won't want to miss oh next time soon out why it on down to the why not a pity how long this is for when I go to eat it oh why 14 at five six feet over to come now the best part of this last or a fight to call the just before the break there best part about him is he don't even have a line right not who is hit by most base balls in the face you idiot you said or troll you pathetic or queen you who is hit by the most balls in the face you jackass oh god yeah no contest so what's the point five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello yes yes let's check my numbers what is it call me back on a real phone okay it's like crap here's Miami hello hello new yes sir I think you should uh can't just tap and put it in the best of because that call with the guy we went the back of the swather in the watermelon yeah he was good oh man that was a crisis this is prices I don't know if he was a put on a web now he was real that's the best part of the whole deal yeah that was prices it was for a wing high finger man he's been a cancer here for right everybody thought it was Santa Claus and it turned out to be the devil where baby he did check the top of the ground what he did with the marlins was was shameful right uh Andrea I'm not trying to remember I want to see the stadium built and I know we got a thousand one thing here that the need fixing uh but uh if this uh bet tax money well why do you want to stay to be built there's nobody go to the games in the first place what's the point five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and t and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile and highly hello oh new happy new year same to you where's Tonya land will get up at the clock at dawn yeah and let's hear the rest of it come on very very quick and okay here's bokeh hello bokeh hey are you doing you okay one time Neil yes how you feel in first time long time good year from you just said that yes are they good great I would there go in the time I think I come in got the big of profit about that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and t and Verizon wireless line this is uh this is your lives right here this is if we had a profit would you be perfect to the occasion this is a medley of your life south Florida like looking in a mirror what you hear today here's cross-praying slow yeah I know yes sir yes I've played sixteen years in the old eastern league and you you have the orders up there like at Stanley and John Mitchell and guys like that that acted the same way as Wayne High's Vega but the senator and rob and keep the ticket from your drawer what you get them down with some busted out of the pocket hockey players that they're played that they can't afford the big ticket because it could want why should we want people in those seats you're missing the whole point the I I I understand you're missing the whole point the point is the protest and you don't have a protest that given away tickets to free loaders who didn't put their ass in the seat and make it make it look like somebody cares stop the sucking I'm not giving away anything to anybody you can suck so hard that you're sheaks in for and it's still like going to work and there's plenty of tickets available if you want tickets you can buy him with both hands for any game you pick their tickets available up the ass there are thousands of people disguises empty seats in all colors and varieties and shapes here's a mobile and cross-praying so yeah happy holidays see yeah yeah what what better than Wayne Gold Medal on a special Olympics five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a lady in Hollywood hello lady in Bokeh hello hello yes man oh good I'm got to finally got you I've been a fan for a long time I'm a 72 year old retired person here then a journalist all my life and there's something that I wanted to tell you about in case you don't know it and you probably do I discovered an organization called freedom from religion foundation I've been talking to them I've been talking to them for years really I don't get to listen to you regularly and of course you thereby get their publication free free thought today yes man oh good and they offer the Vatican flag that I love that and also I guess I don't have much else to say other than I'm so sorry about everything that happened and in Florida and I am I don't know how I'm ever going to get over it I thought of leaving the country but I can't do that so I'm here just hoping I can survive until the next election time around don't you time I'll listen to you and I love you hang on tight all right have a happy new year thank you okay bye bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless one we're still waiting for our first real call of the day you think it's coming what do you say what are the odds here's a mobile in Miami hello oh yes sir yes you will give me the mobile in Humston our last call of the day hello yes sir how's it going sir the best hey first on call just moved on about a year ago I found a girl I found a figure out why bad move we were moving from where actually good weather will know I could California to here oh yeah job transfer what can you do okay thanks a lot pal have a great year bye bye there you go history he's not from here that's why it's nice guy he's not from here he's been in the long enough to become bitter and obnoxious and crazy he will go there's a mobile in Fort Latterdale hello hello yes sir yeah I need all you doing okay I would ask you about to know what's your comments on him can I check him about one are you gonna know I mean what do you think about him as a commentator he's not a commentator he belongs under like my little dog belongs I mean he doesn't belong in those games do you think he's gonna know I know that he's gonna call him or a kid if they have any brains at all they'd they'll say goodbye now good leave and don't hurry back so that's the door to the yes yeah I agree I'm gonna want okay but there's nothing more than as you notice from today show from all these colors there's nothing worse than somebody trying desperately to be funny who's not and the fact that we got to be sporced nerds on here so many of them like debating all all as he did he didn't bother me that much he isn't wrong there he's a piece of crap he's a deterrent he is a detriment to the enjoyment of those telecast even when I have a great game like the Tampa Bay game and saying the list last week he is a detriment he's this piece of scum on the face of the earth and he's no done sure would can't remind me more of a British or what sure none now in Sherman here's a lady mobile in Miami hello yes man I'm I am actually a second generation all one time let's review and I recently bought eight months ago moved out of South Florida and I'm making it back to visit my parents but I have to tell you it is so refreshing to be reinforced at why you leave South Florida right and this show that's what we're years that's the purpose we should have here I mean it's it's I'm the leave of all yeah ignorance here is un-missed of all and I really think it's exemplified you know during the holidays these I'm out in the shopping mall and my friend and I on the car and I see this truck and it's literally gonna hit us and we beat all of it and the sky y'all got the windows so I'm gonna get it whatever yeah yeah yeah I mean you know people here are just just grateful and and another thing and I guess I'm just trying to get you to some amy radio listening up in Atlanta no one really said it like you and I know I missed this whole election thing here in South Florida state thought to do so humiliating to even be part of the holiday but not surprising no huh you know it's really not surprising I have to tell you I even came down for a Thanksgiving around like oh we're gonna go and have some boats I mean it's just a delicious yeah the the type of reputation we have across the country but you know I think you're really now that this morning and I know you don't want to go over the election again but just so many more reasons as to why it went down the way it did and when you mentioned don't even even in closet anti-cinuit acts and anyone who wouldn't so that would be a reason it's just another again. It's not politically correct you just don't say those things because we're supposedly the goody two shoes media approach that everybody is broad minded and we don't have that anymore and y'all got it all so the bull crap and of course at nonsense girl lost every single state in the South including Florida and the fact that he had a not just a jubilee five bitch in the out of the closet you were on his sleeve like you were leaving and on the ticket with them there wasn't a chance in hell he was gonna win those states. It's very sad commentary. It was like an invitation to lose any did. Well I think the saddest part is that how little time the dad particular subject got they would rather spend more time on ballots and on stupidity rather than really facing some some deep issues that they were going to get the truth from the American media. I'll be a sugarcoat everything and make sure that whatever they say is politically correct. Well anyway just wanted to say like I said second generation a long time listener always wanted to call you I'm leaving out to go back to Lama tonight the hot thing helping me here. You know keep on listening. Okay don't come back to us since we are it's better your mental health. Okay. Good luck. Bye bye. How do you like that? The people who are from out of town are the people who got out of here and are just coming back visiting those little ones who make sense today. The right for the people who move the movement like that as usual as usual. How do you like that? And see people like that leave the area. She sounds like a sweet of it and she sounds like an ice person. Yeah. Like like a living and breathing person with a brain bigger than a ring finger. I have those tickets. Play with those tickets. And you'll notice not one single call of support. Not one person. I'm supposed to be Mr. Hockey Mapin wasting a lot of time against my better interest talking this crap on here and it's all about not one person calling you know what you're right. I'm not going to waste one more minute of my time even if I bought my tickets already subsidizing that crap until until they do something. So don't think we're going there belly aching and bitching about it because you're part of the problem to fact that even a respectable number of people continue showing up that's why they can throw you away with it because you're a man's a kiss. An addition to which about 80% of people are there in the first place aren't there to see a game anyway. They're just there as a social event to shmrews because they have no life because they want to get on their self-formancy if they can impress you because they're a bunch of plastic assholes. That's why about 80% of those people are in that building. Plastic assholes. Those are the ones who get up and front of you and they're walking back and forth and they're up and down the aisle. Oh you don't really want to see the game do you? What do you love set about? Am I in your right? You know that's the best thing about watching a game on TV in my house. Nobody gets up and stands in my way when I want to see the game. I'm going to draw your breath for a beautiful face out for all of us. It's time for a million dollars to the economy. You can get a little breath. Oh you got to do it with fake clothes attention to this poorly written copy. That's part of the fun. Figure out what we're desperately trying to say and get. That's right. Come and write here and surfboard. What up, then or whatever and it is now. I shouldn't have to do with that act. With good things you will get. The night at a billions of dollars to the economy and you know what that means? More empty stadium. One thing we know for sure. It must be about some kind of weird spotting for some of the thermostat drunken sport-hols can understand what we're talking about. That's it. That's right. Do something now and go wherever it is because it's so bad. What is it again? What's 31 at 5.50 WQAM and they got an office shooting in Wakefield, Massachusetts, on CNN right now. That's the American fucking way. Some of you are glad for a Glenn from Miramar who's a first asshole color in the day out of a long list of many. You will not get gun nuts out. I'm glad that this tremendous pull-offer proliferation of guns all over America so that you can have a lot more of these stories to keep MSNBC and CNN in business. Here's a call in the redland. Hello. Good afternoon sir. How are you? I'm glad you had a great weekend away from here. It's a fantastic. I don't know how much a Friday show you caught at the George Circuit. Just on the way to the airport. That was a best show ever. Really? It was great. And what did you do? He was just playing all kinds of bits. Well that's what I do. Really old stuff. You were playing a lot of Christmas stuff. I didn't know you had that much Christmas stuff. Yeah, I heard what he said. He said that I played all of Christmas stuff. Yeah, I did. I got no dummy. What did you found a couple of them? Yeah, like a CD for just for Christmas next year. Oh yeah. Please make extra dope. You're right. There you go. So they can download that one too from next year. Oh, gee, you didn't think about that. I don't download that by it. Well, I've got bless you. And I win the other 10 people. One thing I want to call you about is I got my wife turned on the manage now. Yeah. And that woman called a month or so ago. She was talking about she turns with TV down and turns her radio up. Sure. So Saturday, the game came on and was raining and crappy. And my wife flipped the dolphin thing on. And Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. Where did they go? Yeah, Sunday, right? One of those days. One of those days it was crappy anyway. Oh, and the God. And so she's with the game comes on and she's just clicked. Turn later on. Sure. And we laughed all afternoon. I'll call the old damn game man. That guy's the greatest. He is. He's underrated. I'll tell you that. Well, he's smart enough though to have his own business though. You don't need radio. That's good point. He's like any time. Where is he? Yeah. Well, good luck to you. Okay. Thanks, I'll see you. Bye bye. And now what made it said he needs like any temporary something like that. Whatever that. And no walk yet, Jim. Now he's still locked in the closet down there. Yeah, Jim, I just will try to get out of his closet between 6 and 10 and a PM that I went after Hank. Get him out of there so we can both camp and roll about 15 rounds, 12 on. I hope you think we would win that fight. Huh? I mean, maybe it's just a pretty tough customer, but but I think that is being like a Peter World tie. Don't need fight, you know, where Kimba is just like pounding like straight down on top of his head plus those got like 10 years on him. 10 years in from what I'm here in 10 inches. In height. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy new year, Neil. And back when I go back to the I I a whole little day, that's all I've been listening to years. Yeah. I just want to let you know. I went through the registry hotel, not knowing that Mr. Hypinga owns that establishment now. I have family reunion over the weekend and what a rip off. Seven dollars for two copies out of the ice cream store in the morning because I got down the lobby before the dining room was open. Nice. How long time's it up, man? Times of any tight. I'm under the $30 to play the Naples Grand Hotel. Uh-huh. The golf course that is. $30, but anyway, thought that I can't afford it. It's just that I don't like getting ripped off. Anyway, can I leave you with a little faster? I was a I'm from Toronto. I've been here for 22 years. I was in the Carl's Street flat many, many evenings just like you have been. Can I leave you with a little faster here with? Yes. Hello, Canada and hockey fans from the United States. This is faster here with talking to you from the Donner or Maple Leaf Gardens were tonight. The Detroit Red Wings and the Pearson Police son of Amolansy and how we'll try and match strides with Mike Mahalich clear the track here come shopping, baby T on. That's it, I'm out. 18 remaining in the second series. Here's the head. Five to put a little on already. Will you I'll put the lid back on him put it back in the box. Five six seven four. Are they cranking all of a sudden down the hall at power 96 and a half? Are they going nuts around all of a sudden on an over? Just started cranking. You can feel like I had him walls ready to collapse in this joint must be done. Cox out of control again. Here's the mobile info waterdale. Hello. Hey, Doc. What is it? Hello. Mobile info waterdale. Okay, another more on here's the mobile of West Palm. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I have a question. You know, but do you have a problem with people that don't know about how he going into hockey games? Yes. Why? Why would you go there if you don't know anything of you? I understand it. You'll want to see the game. Well, I'll be the best. That's the main reason that you want to go. So you want to learn about it. Then how can you learn about it? How can you learn about it? How can you learn about it by wandering around in a hall or who can the game is on? Well, that's different. Uh-huh. But just sitting on your suit that doesn't mean that you know, just be quiet there and watch the game or whatever. Be quiet. I watch the game, yeah. I mean, I can't see the problem. I'll see the reason. You don't have to be, uh, I just want to let you know. What did I just get to you saying? Which words didn't come from a company? Which word didn't you understand? Well, that five six seven over five sixty. The word you didn't understand, I think was you. Was that one? Here's the mobile and west palm. Hello. No. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. You know what the path is up to every monument, they remind me of the leaps of the 80s. I'm originally from Toronto and the eight-year-old, Howard Days is the same as the High Zingat Days here. Uh-huh. But so I'm, I was not just hit path, who came back from Toronto and we're actually going to go to the game on Saturday because we can't find the ticket and Toronto to get to the game. So we're going to put our leafters on and go down on Saturday. Have a good time. What the other probably five thousand leaf fans that are going to be there. Their guys make it a hundred grand a year outside the air Canada Center, scalping tickets this year. The five hundred and some odd standing room only for every home game. Exactly. So, what does no hockey here? There's no, no passion for the game. No, because you'll have a good time and that's what that'll be it. There's no passion in the first place, then you compound that with the fact that you got an owner. It's basically doesn't give a crap just waiting to make a sale and these people, uh, and then nobody hears what to make a purpose. They don't give a crap. They didn't do it in Toronto either. The 80s, the dollar was, uh, But they don't compare this with Toronto. The reason they didn't do it is because the people there are, they could just read and eat it. You know that as well as I do. Doctor, where's the comparison? Well, I guess similar, but anyway, the least good one, we'll see you on Saturday. Okay, pal. Good light. Nick Andrew problem. The head trip is you, I think. Anybody know who that is? No. Number nine. Five six seven five sixty, pomp five sixty on the AT&T and for lies somewhere, hey come on Neil, how about turn those hockey tickets? What do you say? Oh come on, bring these last twenty months in the last segment. Some poor crippled family out there, some bunch of bigger sloppers living out of the overpass and over the underpass. Somebody out there who's like, uh, living hand above, getting the floor splice of that watermelon. What do you say? No. What do you say, Joe? The new two millennium, they only should have talked about that today too because it's the new millennium coming. No, do that tomorrow. Piss him off again. It'll take place this new year's Eve, not last new year, dummy. What's this obsession with hockey? Margaret Joe. She had the back of the form of the one H.B.O.N. comedy central. An outside of a few sympathetic druggles. She still hasn't said anything for me. But now you can judge for yourself with Margaret Joe's latest rule. Look at the four of the cheek. Brother is the weirdest by far. He's very strange. He's 20. And he used to be a surfer, but now he's a born again Christian. You'll least tell them that I'm louder, you're material could be. Hi, mommy. I have said you're too deep. Oh god. Well stuff, but if you're into death on stage, there's plenty to choose from. Do your Korean parents feel ashamed that their daughter talked about what you talked about on stage? She's not attractive. She's not pretty. But as she put it, she's up the air. Good night, Lord. Some better last please. Margaret Joe, think of the four of the cheek. They'll do now in all circle case days. But as she related to blood summers, 144 at 560 WQM 56050560, Palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, the wireless line tool free call. Out of town, I got a west coast look at that. Fort Myers, hello. Hey, well, yes sir. Comment suggestion request. Comment, I'm glad that you don't do a lot of best dogs. I mean as long as you got George helping out, that's great. Yeah. A lot of these shows. They throw on reruns during the holidays. So this is great. Request is as dated as is. Yeah. Danny and Jimmy, Jimmy and Danny. And suggestion as that is the call for that including this one. I think you should go call us until next Friday. Okay. Some other two on. And happy. Have you? With your holiday season. Okay. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny. Danny and Jimmy. Yeah. Jimmy and Jimmy, Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Danny and Jimmy. Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy. Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy. Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy. Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. And Jimmy and Jimmy. We have a money from Nirmi R. Hello? Jimmy and Danny Trocont. Yeah. examined Jimmy and Danny and Johnny. Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Sally andFunny. Ninety days and Jimmy and Jimmy and Teddy nem. Wonderful. Happy birthday. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The Are you there? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. This cat and cat calling. I think you should look forward to this next 4 years. the arena you're in the entertainment business right yeah this is not a new show per se correct yeah well I think you're gonna have a lot of material out of this situation look if you had had more in there you'd have nothing like you're gonna have a bush in his group uh-huh don't you agree absolutely well come on I thought I'd get a rise out of you been so nasty to date every one let the hell's your problem yeah what is it i think pick it up yeah pick this up okay pal oh man what what is with these people I understand that you were here over this Christmas weekend I wasn't so I happen to be very very good frame of mind but what what what how is it possible for there be so many sour bitter hostile I'm the one that's like the rule everybody today yeah I guess that's the cultured about his a bit just the thought that's what I think really those tickets that's the problem I didn't give anything away free see you got it backwards guys free is our stuff we get everything that the show is about free for us not for you for us now what are the odds on this what are the over-season under-season this call from higher-lea hello ideal yes sir first I'm calling for my a-lea and hopefully I'll ask you something in college okay here we go listen uh- wait a minute yeah seven people killed in wakefield office shooting in wakefield mass on the CNN right now seven people murdered oh my yeah that's America on the holidays no less but anyway go ahead I'm sure okay the all of the few this quantum bar borders that voted for our goal and uh- well we're not talking about that so the elections over last time I don't know that's the question what are talking about that anymore it's got a question though about what about the current problem I'm not what is this new thing I heard in C-Span with the uh- iscaulier sons and old no sir it's old new is old news they work for the law for me out of yada old news old news get a life get a life get a hobby take up part cheesy take up parking cars take up begging under the overpass here's all the facts from myriad the falls this is believe it out of an eighty-four ready and I have made it out yet I don't go to one panther again that was to see the other team I do want to let you know I support you not attending the panther games in school way I can't even watch him pre on TV because every time I flip over that big moon rails giving a cheap shot to somebody who had a fan to the background telling the refs are off the fans need a real book when we went to the uh- game a girl was under stuff on talking to somebody on the other side of the arena at your right mario packed the castles like I said I'm happy for all the players have been traded off this pitiful team let the people say what they will about your hobby but at least he paid for a stadium happy new year says Mary at the falls happy new year she and Mary and you're right on target sweetheart so what's the thing I heard on t-span about the uh here's the call in my and me hello yes sir all right uh port even more than one hockey tickets this is the beginning of a story yeah and he's being coached and poorly evidently that was there was this only line here's a mobile and four waterdale hello hi yes sir yeah I just a couple of cars ago you had to talk about need more money for education and stuff and I had to have a two-minute couple days ago that really does emphasize that point um what's the McDonald's or two cheese burgers actually two hamburgers uh with fries and I said I looked up at all they had like a number two and number three ever meal that is number two yeah they have the two cheese burgers but I figured well hey I'll get a few cents off and I'll take the meal so I can't see you are to look on how have you number two these two cheese burgers but all the cheese okay pay I go to the next one then they give me my order look in the bag I got two hamburgers all as well that makes my fries my soda I pull up to a little trash can there's some stuff away and I'm getting ready to go to the police the police lady can run out of the bag or hand pound on my car stop stop open the door or pull on the window she says here's your order you ordered two cheese for no cheese I said well I have to hammer this here the next way ordered and how to get two cheese burgers with no cheese what are these others for the for the meal I like two hamburgers with no meat well no all this for the meal price no for the for the number two meal whatever the yeah and the bottom line is well anything like this what they did was they made special two hamburgers with no cheese wrapped them up in cheese and then the cheese the yellow cheese paper a zipper or cheese butter right that's the order ticket uh huh yeah the cable how are they five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line here's how in the hello happy new year of shameless shameless request uh huh could you play all you can eat me grow no here's the new hello oh I don't know I don't know I hate you yeah I'm not one fifty two five sixty w a is five sixty q a m your station for all South Florida sports is radio five sixty q a m I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather it was worthless original and I was born I remember it like a result hey Lily let's play a game what just with a patent look at it a piece of candy hey guarded by a snake grandpa I don't want to play this game anymore whose case yes play for me can you the crevice oh grandpa I don't know when you put it there yes those games would run off God news life which is why now that I'm a grandfather I'm scouring a whole new generation with whispers original hey Jimmy say hi to wet willy the whispers wonder where oh no not so wonder whispers original giving children nightmares for over sixty years one fifty six it five turn take it into church at five sixty w q a m hank will be heard too mobile and mimi but you chill out yeah yes sir burn the tickets yeah turn them all okay put that lunar face I think a food who's all right on top of the fire okay hey also I got a second message for you from Alan Ludden the password for today is you boy lady in danyah hello hi Neil yes ma'am well I don't want to pick it did you happen to see the other tickets they're all tickets they're all tickets no did you hear read the Sunday's sports section Sunday