For Loderdel presents the Neal Rogers Show, to talk to Neal, call 567-0560, toll-free for date in Broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neal, his guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily re-back positions for the Beesley Broadcast group. Now, Neal Rogers, on Sports Radio 560, QAM. Sometimes I feel myself. It's new from these discount productions. Yes, for the dual car thieves, be on notice. You will now be thrown back from any car you've tried to steal, with the piercing sound of the all new macarina alarm. Yes, for macarina alarm. Get yours. Today. That was an L-Gore, a Red River, or a Seedon. Four years ago, you gave me your nomination to be by President. I'm not just a son, but I've been watching you during that hot-to-raina alarm, and I'm all of this. And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate to you. The Al-Bore version of the macarine, and not trying to do it. You have the dual car, and the most important one is the Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Would you like to see it again? No. I'm not a Macarine. I'm not a Macarine. I'm a Macarine. I'm a Macarine. When you are alarm goes off in the morning, Macarine. When one of your children reaches for zero and fruit, Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macarine. Macastory. ABC Radio. To conclude this, we can telltale time. He's over the bet. It's the Djren elephant. It'setical tree. Cayろ. Save animal rooster. Bequрам. He's over the привit. Yes. He's over the coastways that I ate much. For half before he saw me hoog. morning that he's an asshole. He's speaking again every day now he's got to make another guy damn speech. Just put him in a closet and dummy a lot. Well, that's not too bad that that was only on 10 points and then as that's up 41. Just check in momentarily because they had him on there again. Just like a Ted David promise they put him in a box. The only problem was they forgot to close the lid and he came out again and made another speech today. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. He just won't show up this guy damn bastard. Anyway, speaking of a Jewish things, what happened with porn? We were just talking about that this morning here and sometimes I feel like the holidays are passing as by because it just dawned on me. I'm in the shower this morning thinking about it. At the time and generally porn comes in February. Like most Jewish women, women, it comes in February. But anyway, and we get our home in touch in here and I'm thinking to myself it's the 8th of March. His porn already coming gone. Is that possible? And unfortunately, our Jewish calendar, we've already torn off the February thing. So maybe somebody in the audience will know, give us the answer immediately if a porn has already come and gone. And if it has, do you realize how we're fading from existence here? South California, our best friend with sole water. Left us in the lurch. Do we have any water? No. Tap is dry. We haven't got a bottle. We haven't got nothing. I got to bring in my own crappy diet soda here with this morning. Every day now because South California's left us in the lurch with sole water. Porn comes and goes. Does anybody call them that offered a set of home ent�s? No. I bet you're already gone. Here's the mobile and cruel springs. I bet here's a Jew. Hello. Here's a fa ha ha. Yeah, Nick. Oh, boy. Poor man doesn't come yet. Oh, it hasn't? Had not. When's it coming? You know, you sound like my wife. Um, yeah. Actually, I'm not exactly sure the date. My kids, we send the kids for the temple and we always get, you know, you pay a couple bucks in advance and they send you some home ent�s and I haven't sent them and they haven't missed school yet, which is a more important. There you go. And it's not for them yet. Thanks for the good news. That feel much better. All right. Now, thank you. Thank you. Bye. Okay. By the way, today is Ask Wednesday. Oh, it's why I'm asking. I mean, an equal time. I was Jews had to have some holidays. We got Easter. Come up. We got a pace off the kind of balance it up. Just like Connica and Christmas. You got to keep up with the glam baby. That's why we made a holiday to other holidays. Or is it the other way around? Which came first? No, seriously. This porn business is very serious. It's one of the things I look forward to it. About my only, uh, when you're a dietary Jew like I am, when you only think you care about that has to do with Jewishness is the food part. And believe me, that's pretty important. You know what I'm saying? That's right. Like cheese blinches potato locus. Oh, good stuff. Good crap. You cannot go those Kassi to buy you what. Well, one thing about the Jews, they know how to cook. I'll tell you that. Now, what do you eat on ass Wednesday? Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. Isn't this a fasting day? Let me see. Christians and several traditions will observe today as ass Wednesday. The start of six weeks of a length. The seed in the period of salinity before good Friday, the traditional observance of Jesus death, which will be observed on April 21st this year. It seems to me that everything is like pushed back this year. You're on talking about like a little bit behind the time. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. When is it? Did you get the day yet for forum? No. Okay. My account is April 21st. April 20, my mark is 21st. Oh, I'm sorry. You're right. March 21st. Oh, don't do that. And you're not can't wait that long. Sorry, Bob. So that's only 13 lucky days away. And we all know who we all know who wears number 13. I forget. Oh, wait. Well, that's Danny, right? We're trying to forget. Yeah. Okay. Hey, we're not a thing. Speaking of sports. Yes. I got to mix the feelings, but you may be a hockey fan. I've never been a sports fan. But I finally know what these friends are like. What they're broken hearts have been like over the years. Yeah. Well, I thank you for introducing me to that terrible aspect of hockey fandom. But I still enjoy watching the Panthers. Now, hey, two bad, two bad. They missed that trip to Washington last night. They just didn't show off. Yeah. Well, bitter luck. Next time I guess. Okay. Have a great day, pal. You too. So I guess on. Okay. March 21st. See now I feel better. I don't feel like we've been slided. At the time. Exactly. So we got 13 days to look forward to some delicious home and touch and not those little nasty, uh, steel, goyish things. The ones that Cheryl always used to would say, oh, that was in the real things. Those that are real home and touch. And yeah, I got your real thing over here. Sweetheart. Those are for goyum. Real home and touch, you know, the big brown ones. They ever have a big brown one. Soft with the poppy seeds on the outside and on the inside. Moon, moon, moon, moon, whatever. I know it's called, moon, moon. I love that moon on the inside. Hmm. And especially when they're warm, you know, what's the place that always sends us the boxes of the fresh warm home and touch and what's the name of that place that bakery is a pastry lane. Pastry lane. Now we're talking. Oh, pastry lane. No kind of lowest, but nevertheless, I love pastry lane. So we got something for all of the logistics notes out there. We got a length and just begin to back to that thing about the fasting. Let's see, lead to the summer season marked by prayer introspection repentance. And the priest gets to do you a couple of extra times if you're under 21. For Catholics, it also includes fasting and abstinence from meat on a Friday's for those 14 and older. Those under 14 must go see Father O'Tool. And he'll let him know whether they can have any meat or not. Now I'm going to attack to Tim, I got a tremendous response that our polio yesterday would tell you our listener survey on who you listen to in the morning. It is unbelievable, not really. It's pretty predictable. I'm only surprised we had that much crossover over the worst team, you know, why would anybody listen to that show? Nine minutes after chatting, in fact that's what most people wrote in on the computer. They said, why would we listen to that God damn show? No portion of this broad guess, maybe we could do. No, no, no. We're as written permission of WQAM, we agree acquisition court. How that's a crime? Coach, you love Bill Bradley. No. Don't we need Bill Bradley? No. It wasn't six feet tall. We're from basketball. Don't you love Bill Bradley? No. Yeah, we need him Bradley. He's gonna win the race. People love him cause he is the doctor. He plays for the nicks. He doesn't borrow sticks. Yeah, we love him cause he is the real Bill Bradley. No. I think he did the impossible. Nobody believe that anybody could come along and make out go look at sighting and he did it. I mean, he is just as wooden as the cigarster Indian Bill Bradley. Good guy, never stole a freight train and good luck to him and his boring wife. And the same with John McCain. There's a guy also never stole a caboose and he's full of crap, but nevertheless, he turned out a whole bunch of people who have no idea what he's all about because he wasn't George W. That's why people liked him because he wasn't George W. He's gone. They're all done. It's all over with. Bye bye. Bye by John McCain. Bye by Bill Bradley. They're all gone. And Alan Keys, or he's still hanging on for that's for our tip of it. You notice that no matter what the thing they show up there, he still gets his 5% no matter what state it is, no matter what time of day morning noon and night porn, circus, good Friday, I asked Wednesday. Alan Keys has got his 5%. So self-haties for starters. Probably the same ones who like Willie Logan. Oh, it's speaking of that before I get into the poor result. Please don't tell me line four screw it up again today. Or doesn't even make a sound now. Well, it's just good because Greg Reed, I saw this morning and before he went, Eeeeh! He said the new pho systems arriving today. We shipped yesterday. And of course, what he forgot is that he already lied and told us it was ship last Friday. But now our ship, yesterday afternoon. Today being Tuesday. That's a logical liar. But in any rate, so we can't get to a certain. What did you say also line A who do we bring in? Oh man, listen, that's uh, here we go. It's QA and it's fast. By that stock made just to get a port to get to a closest to the near. If we can afford the food, we just get the port to shipping handle. Oh, no way. Thank you. Anyway, the thing that really frosted my ass today, there's always going to be something to frost my ass. And today, the thing with these guys. And we had a couple calls on a yesterday, but it really didn't sink in because I didn't realize how massive the Fallout was from these asshole bus drivers. One Florida protestor strand student. So I get home yesterday. I watched the news last night. And on every local newscast, they sure all these kids were like sitting around wandering around waiting and waiting and waiting. Who basically been stranded by a bunch of assholes. And I'm going to tell you the biggest asshole of mall is the guy with a black straw here that Dr Henry Fraud. It wasn't bad enough that he, you know, chased away the TV network's for all the good publicity that Miami education might have gotten. And uh, er, all the other crap that he does. But here he's on there and he says, well, uh, pickups were delayed up with a couple of hours based on the high number of bus drivers using some form of earned leave. He said, earned leave. So what he's trying to do is rationalize that they had earned this leave and at the A. Okay, if it's like the paramedics, suppose all of paramedics decided we want to go to some goddamn protest somewhere. And he said, well, we've got S number of earned leave and we're all going at the same time and a bunch of people died too bad because we're going. And as of 630 last night, right at the end of some of the newscast, the local newscast, they show and they're still our bunch of kids sitting on a goddamn curb and hanging around and looking up into sky and while I wonder what their life was all about. So a lot of these kids missed exams by the way, who are not going to have to take make up exams because they couldn't get to school. The safety of the kids was jeopardized. And I say that everyone, every school driver who went to tell a hassy with her without a banjo on it's me to protest this, uh, one floor, see what I don't understand is these people got the jobs, what are they thinking about? They'd be having a job and I think what they're nervous about is if they do away with affirmative action, please soon, that's a lie, they put some people on a hot drive or qualify and kick their asses out. What do you say to that? Oh, yeah, kick their ass out now. If you ever saw the way most of these school bus drivers drive down here, I'd say they're about a half a half a step away from the Gitney drivers. You know, the Gitney drivers in Dave County get those maniacs. The ones who drive up on the curb and like kind of make up their own, road rules as they go along. Yeah, they just make it up as they go along. These people not only going to have a drivers license, they don't have a green card of visa, a master card in American Express green cards. They've got nothing. But every single one of these school bus drivers who went off to tell a hassy yesterday and stranded those kids, they should be fired now and the first one ought to be fired is that Henry fraud. At least give them some spare time. We could set them up to see Chuck Alphayeri and get some real hair. That is the most. It looks like it looks like that rompopeal spray crap on his head. Yeah, look at it. Looks like somebody took a bunch of straw and then took a couple of cans of that rompopeal spray and just sprayed it on his guy in the head. Nobody told him you're not supposed to use your mustache wax on your hair. Jesus Christ, what a silly looking goose and this guy's got something to do with education. The kids are looking at him and like squeezing themselves. There's his and his stirics looking at this asshole. Man. 573 of the 1680 regular drivers were often they'd count it. Broward they were they said not too bad. Because in Broward County they know if they mess around in Broward County they'll six year of can on them. That's right from the BS. Oh, he don't take any BS from those marchers in the county. I'll finish that right now or anybody else. Frorcer swingers anybody that begins with this. Spokesman. No BS from them either. Nice going there. Last night's spokesman. I'm sorry. It missed a plane. Is there anybody who can debate that? I mean, you know if you want to go to some demonstration on a weekend or when you've got it like a legitimate holiday and you've got a substitute there to do your job. That's fine. But just to strand the kids basically what they should be doing is running up and down with placard saying I don't give it to God damn about the kids I drive to and from school every day. It's a living. Must 11 as they say in China. Should be fired today right now. And should be lined up right they should they should have like a a whipping post. And they should let the kids you all the kids that were stranded yesterday give them a whip and let them just whip about 40 lashes on the back of all these assholes. That's right. That's absolutely that's what could the kid they told me. He said that's what they should be doing right now with them in the shape. Assholes. So you people who are not qualified to be doing your job. I can understand why you're all peeing in your pants about the end of a form of interaction because now people might be qualified. People might be a little bit more dedicated. They're going to wind up getting the jobs. And that's the way it ought to be. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, Chilo. Well Neil, I'm blessed to mention fire because I believe I'm on my way to get fired from my job before I take my life. Really? Yeah. I want just one or a few quick questions if I could. I don't want you to jump from an overpass or blow your brain job. We'd like you to channel seven up there. I'll be on the road probably. Okay. I know when people mention Vegas, I always ask you very few questions about where they should go and so forth and so on. Probably the Wahoo tell to a casino would be good. Exactly. And what's in word to eat and so forth? Right. There's a possible job opportunity for me there. And I've never been there. And I know you've mentioned before that you said, oh, I would never live there. No, I would not. Before you, before you hang up a quiet question, is there any particular reason why you wouldn't live there or just because you just don't want to live there? For me, there's nothing else that's just a cowboy town as far as the city. I mean, it's okay. It's beautiful out there. If you've got a family with kids, the education is great. But it's just not that bad. Because I'm looking for something in the long run. I'd be broken six months. That's why. I mean, I'm not a compulsive gambler. But if I was out there and it's available all the time, I got nothing else to do. That's what I would lose on my money. Okay. And by the way, I grew up as a Catholic and when my mother would say not to eat me on Friday, I would do it purposely. And now I'm married to a June. I was going to tell you when Forum was. And I like to go to Temple because I get to where I had and I get to where I shot. So it's really cool. Yeah. Well, I just want to say it in a, before I take my life, I'll give you a call on the air. I think that'll be really cool. Excellent. Okay. Good luck. Then you won't have to worry about going to Vegas. He's been a blow as brains. I hear on the show. Well, let's you have advanced notice on that. We get about a 95 share. Our phone is really bad screwed up again today, but we don't care. Because we got to do it when supposedly coming in today. Not that Greg would lie to us about that, but he already lied about so many other things so many times. And even just about this thing so many times. Did George Corso show up and fix our in-house phone here? No, I just thought I mentioned it again. But I'm not going to get upset about it because like I said on yesterday about Monday. I'm am it just life is too short. Just like this guy's going to blow his brains out. Life is too short. Anyway, let me just, there's something very bizarre in this little clipping here in the Sun Sentinel. This piece by the way from James Davis, you know, the religion editor for the Sun Sentinel, who twist and manipulate all the stuff that you read in the newspaper like his review or farewell to God by Charles Templin. But nevertheless, he says fasting is defined. This happened to do with Aswin's day in length. He says fasting is defined as one full meal and two light meals during the day. What? That's fasting? One full meal and two light meals during the day. I got news for all you Jews out there that fast on your own kipper. I don't think this is what we had in mind. But here's the thing that I find very perplexing. He says it is required in the Archdiocese of Miami for those between 21 and 59. And in the Palm Beach Dice is between 18 and 59. Both fasting and abstinence are required on Aswin's day and good Friday. And he also says good yon tip, whatever he means by that. So what is that? If you live in Palm Beach, you have to fast between 18 and 59. But in Miami, 21 and 59. And in Broward, I think it's 55 and 59 because there's only under 55 and Broward anyway. Is there no? How do you like that? Why would be there? What would do there be a difference? I don't get it. Well, maybe somebody would be slain into us. Poles results from yesterday are pull question on the internet. Was? What showed you listen to already a show in the morning? Needless to know whether I'm reading it from an old number. We had 593 votes, which I think is the most we've had on an overnight poll so far. 168 listen to Howard. Is that a surprise? No. 28.3%. Other was number 251. Now, other. I mean, we didn't have time to go through a make along with the riverbicoddam radio station in the Tri-Count area. Other could have been like magic and smegma and the spixtations, rodeo romansia and then at the XDJ and D.A. whatever it is. Kiss. Kiss this. But amazingly, the big shocker in here was Rick and Sugs, 130, 21.9%. In fact, now that I look at this thing, there weren't that far behind Howard. He had 168 and 130. The first name, 92, 15.5%. Pretty weak. And the poll result too. Poll and Ron, that's old above, is that old poll and young Ron are they had 38, 6.4%. Power 96 had 9, 1.5%. And why 100 had 5, 0.8%. So that's our result. And of course, our poll question today, so we don't have to waste our time on the here here on this show. Obviously, it's poll question. Should Dan Marino retire? That's the first choice. Play another year with the dolphins. They don't want them. Our or the third choice will be sign with the Vikings. And we'll find, we'll get to look, we'll just get it all over with. Okay, the Dan Marino business on our poll today on our neowaju.com. Should he retire? Should he have played another year with the dolphins or sign with the Vikings? Bye, Danny. Thanks for everything, Danny. Bye, bye. 26 after 10 at 5.60 WQA. How young is too young? Georgie Bush said that his dosis cleaning never puts up David. Cassie's running for the White House. So he just can't admit it. So drunk and that's not all even down the view people. He's on the county, drugs with too. He even dropped some medicine too. Why will George just come out and simply say he did it? He prepared the press with shut their mouth. But if he knew God damn this, he did more than watch your think. Well, he watched it down the sea. He prepared cocaine to have. Yeah, that's the question that he does. And he made it quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. He wants the two beys. That he didn't do anything. Georgie Bush said that his dosis cleaning never put up in it. Cassie's running for the White House. So he just can't admit it. Georgie's cleaning Georgie's cleaning. That's right. At 5.50 WQA, by the way, Bill Bradley, she and an analysis has dropped out. Oh, right. He and then says they've learned. So in other words, they think he's dropping out. Is that a shock to anybody? No. No. Did he win any state last night? No. How did his home estate Missouri? Did he win there? No. As a matter of fact, I'd be pretty embarrassed if I were him in Missouri, which is his home estate. He had 34% and grew at 64% in his home estate. They said, hey, you're a good guy. Bill, what a basket we love there on the next. But get out here. You're boring. You're bothering us. So he's out. And it's, uh, what, what, why waste your time? Okay. It's gore and maybe we'll start doing a series of polls. Not like right away. But like one a month until the election between gore and bush. Bush still scares the hell out of me. I look at him and I just scares me. Yeah, nasty. Mean spirited. You can see it in his push. And you can also see that have you ever seen him in Greg Reed together? Oh, I think it's the same person. You can see that vacuum is looking in space that blanks there in his eyes. Like that. Or kind of like, Eeeeh, like that. Marty McSorley charged with assault by the Vancouver police. Very bad idea, by the way. Very bad. Keep your nose out of it. Vancouver police say, I mean, it was a grotesque thing what he did. But when you're in a violence sport, that condo is violence. The crap happens. Bad idea. Dennis is a really served one night in jail back in 1980. It was signing autographs all night is what I hear. But in any rate. So I just thought I mentioned that and also for anybody who missed the West Coast score last night, it really not in West Coast up there in Edmonton, Alberta, which is a little bit West Curtis Joseph gets his fourth shot out of the year final score Toronto to Edmonton. Oh, zero Edmonton, no score. Nice going aircoujo. Just thought I mentioned that in passing. What are we going to do about these good in school bus drivers? See, if I'm a parent of one of those kids, the kids are pissed off. But if I'm a parent, I'm furious. I'd like to take that Henry Frog guy and just pull out that goddamn straw from his head one one piece at a time. For me, that would have been the last straw. Here's a mobile and del Rey. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I knew him the first time call. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yes, sir. I want to talk about hockey for a second. I think Kerry and Brian Murray should be driving this school buses. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll live with him when bought him a Washington for 10 years and I was there and I had that regime of that boredom. It's just horrible. So I want to let my frustration today for a lack of a supply. I'm a fan, but it's just can't believe I continue to punish myself. No, I have to try watching this crap. Yeah. How are you feeling? Well, it's getting really ponderous and people don't realize he don't again. What the hell is that? That's a lot of more right now. People are realized that the only game they've won in recent memory was that a week ago went against the least and leaves didn't show up here at all that night. In fact, that's the only game they've lost in their last date. But the team is playing worse and worse and they're playing with absolutely no intensity last night as you know, we on a shadow. But that was the biggest game of the year to this point. And they didn't even bother to show up. Right. There was no intensity, no effort. I mean, the lackluster would have been a compliment for their performance plan. And in the meantime, BM, who's still basking in the all his successful trades, which we have been credited for, like, break, that's all about that good. But in the meantime, the trade deadline is six days away a week from yesterday. And he's like, nothing. He's not doing anything. Yeah, I went for Bernie. He's wasted the red line to get a pass and go over to a break. Well, I'm not going to knock you down. He played last night was a good test. Listen, Dallas and Detroit Sunday night was a real hockey game. It was the first game I've enjoyed the months. Yeah. And then I have a store in Delray. We sell bonus fish assholes here with 418 pictures in there. I thought you might look to know about it. Okay. I want to send you a can. What's your address? You're mailing address. Uranus. 560560. Palm thought, what the hell is this man talking about? 560. I think the pressure of landslide's game got to him. He just cracked. Cracked under the pressure. Our phone system is up again today. By the way, just tell you my water right there. Down in your diarrhea. Two questions on Dan Marina today. Just go to neorodges.com and the stick you voted in there. We got a massive result of a 600 votes yesterday. I'd like to start getting about a thousand a day. Would make me feel like we're, you know, redeeming ourselves here on a show. Especially, and then of course, if and when this phone system arrives and if and when it really works, they'll find out what else going on here. It's only been two and a half years. The system is in the mail. The check is in the mail. The phone system is in the mail. Greg's brain is in the mail. It's coming in the day two. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Yeah. You remember that movie? Freeboard with enemy? I beg your pardon? The movie that's freeboard with enemy. Do you robber? Yes. Okay. I want to answer another question. Oh, what about it? I'm going to leave up to it. You know what's the number one problem in this world? And what is that, sir? Really? And the speaker with the guard down everything. I'm sleeping with an enemy. Sleeping with an enemy, yeah. That's it. Yeah. A girl who is in it. Uh-huh. I'm going to be doing a human and bad. Good. Hello, I'm a hand-basket. That's right. You got it. Well, listen, happy ass wins. Then happy pour them to my friend. And Monash, Donna, Hallala, Jose. 567. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Are we getting any explanations about that thing about the ass wins day? And about how come you have to fast in Palm Beach County one agent and Miami another rate? What kind of religion is that? That it all depends on geography and maybe if you live up in Pioria, you have to fast like every between 17 and half and 28. I mean, what is that? So I guess the different our styles. These, they just make it up as they go along. All depending on how many child molesting priests they have at the moment in their work in their contingent. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Dylan. Okay. Just calling this to I agree with you about the bus driver. That they should all be fired. How come I'm not getting a lot of response about that? These every time I bring anything that has to do with the parents and their kids, there is no response to this. That what it's the crappy education kids going to school and got the part of part of part of Port of Potties and the school bus drivers leaving the kids and alerts yesterday and we get nothing from these people. Well, I mean, if you look at it, most of these bus drivers do their own minorities. I mean, how do they get their jobs? Because of, you know, the affirmative action that's put them into their jobs. That's right. And you know, something they're walking advertisements for the fact that affirmative action has got to end because most of the only component. And I feel that, you know, if you do something in this country, you should be based upon the merit and be rewarded that way the way God of Usher saying. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Correct. Okay. Do you have the answer to the button, you know, well, I got a situation going on. That's just unbelievable. Because all the people again in Florida, I mean, they're driving crazy. I have a house that's in Margot. It's in a section where they're trying to make it a pretty far and older community. And I've tried to complain to different commissions, different, you know, rates groups. And everything like good anybody, all they have to say is, well, that's just the law, that's, that's what's passed and Baba Ba. And basically, you have no rights to people that could be five and all the, all the rights that they have, all the rights in the world, you have no rights and that's where it is. And it's just two to end there if you don't like it. Welcome to Florida, sir. I can tell you. This is not a place for living people. It's a place for dead people. Someone needs to, a deeper, but under 55 young people need to wake up in this world and realize what's going on because they're really getting stuck up there. You know what? And thank God, I'm 57. Have a great day. Good luck. 21 before 11 at 5, 60 WCM. That's right. I'm on event now. I'm a senior citizen almost. Oh, boy, this is that I haven't waiting for. Oh, I'm a senior citizen. I'm an old fart. How do you like that? Yeah, take a sniff of that. How many, I mean, why would anybody come here? Unless of course it's for a job or like necessity, absolutely like and death, why would anybody be here under the age of 100? Unless they have no choice. This is not a place illegal aliens and dying people. That's what this town's all about. And they wonder why nobody shows up at the sporting events and I'm sitting here day after day begging and cleaning to talk to living and breathing people because there aren't any living and breathing people. Maybe like 10% of us and the rest of the people are want to be above illegal aliens, old forests. And there's nothing that smells worse than old fart. 24, 11 at 5, 60 WCM. Look at the response we're getting on that school bus driver thing, huh? Shame on you. You know something I feel sorry for your kids. I really do. For the kids that grow up in this area, you talk about apatetic, lacadazicle, and different. They just don't give a crap. What did you pass for new rossies in the here though? And now on the campaign trail with George W book. Today America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's Turbine town factory right in the here in Nevada. South Carolina Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world. Hey, but short in all my work. I've never had work today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, pommel of your soaking in. Let's go to the next question. Yo, my, uh, yes, sir. Yeah, where are you going to go? I'm not one. Good question in port sub's in the tip. Marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not. Cocaine. Yes. 16 team, heroin probably. Ventuous and fedemines with added. We'll add a that. Now you. What are you going to do for the back man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot. What? And I get a lot. What? Thank you very much. We got a good night. That was a good day. I'm a good day. Hey, I'm a good day. With George W. Boych 1046 is five 60 W to QMA horrendous 22 car pile up on I 10. You will born forward. Did you have any idea where that is? Wait a half north North againstville. Anyway, I 10 between I 75 in Lake City and because they got a fire going there. Another one of those brush fires or visibility is we're limited. They had a 22 car pile up five dead at least. And the 20 people injured. See every kind of pace to watch see it in here. Even though I would rather watch music every day. But we might actually know what's going on in the world. So I bet I better go back to this. You know what I'm saying? Okay. The market crashes something minor like that. Since we don't have a news wire since it isn't a real radio station. I'm talking about right because the real news wire would cause money and speak of that maybe we can afford a wheel news wire because now. What's all that I do with it? I must have thrown it out. It affects me to stuff from Oya here it is Yahoo Finance. It must be crazy. It must have John Henry syndrome up there right to Yahoo Finance. I must be crazy. I must be not. Well, if not then, it's the it's Bank of America's securities rates be easily broadcasting a strong buy. And CSFB, another one these hot shots they listed at buy today. So they've been upgraded by two people would want to ask it. So I'd rush right out and buy it. Would not know. No, I wouldn't touch it with your money. 560 50 50 60 are we got a new pool of final pool here from Oya yesterday. 600 11 votes. Howard 176 other 154 reconcered 135 first team 94 Paul in 138 power 96 9 while 105. So Howard nearly 30 percent other 25 percent reconcered 22 percent. Worst team 15 percent that means only a little more than one out of every seven people. We'll listen to this show. Listen to the worst team on a station in the morning and you have my Speaking of that, here's the fact that says my name is Victor. I've been listening to you show for years. It's really upsetting to know the majority of people in this town care more about Dan Marie No Hope rather than this ridiculous bus protest that delays the education of our children. It's amazing government would allow these people to attend those things and continue to keep their jobs as drivers as a person who's traveled all over the world with this habit in Europe. He says to pan, no, any place else to rely? No, no, I'm going Victor. Right on Victor cares. How's that line eight coming by the way? Is that thing working? Oh, I wonder how the drop getting all the calls that we should begin? We have the status, gigantic losing, strong problems. I think we should just be fed on all day. And that sounds like one of the suckers going for your baby or fall. I like what it does there up in the ring. I could be wrong. It really runs by us when we get not the end of the trip out. Now it's ringing. Hello. Mary had a little line up. His annex was wider so. Not here. David Miami Springs says I just want to second you're opinion that Henry Fraud is a total creep hard to believe but he was the sex health education teacher when I was going to Miami Springs high school many years ago. Maybe that accounts for his confusion. It says he's a, he's an asshole. Yeah, goes on and on about that. Yeah, he is. Oh, yeah, well, I had, they had earned time or an credit. Yeah, that's okay. So just let them haul our ass to go up to tell I has you with a band you want to guide them to be professional agitators and leave the kids stranded out there. The most pathetic thing I've ever seen in my life next to of course, it's going to bring up. Here's port Saint loosely. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. A couple questions one hockey and one politics. Oh, by the way, don't take it so hard. The education stocks clear channel took a nose that yesterday too. What do you mean don't take lots of hard? You know, you're basically stuck. I don't have, I don't have any beadley stock. I don't want it. Oh, well, I mean, I think radio stock and general down so I wouldn't be so hard on your employers. Okay, whatever you say. Yeah, anyways. Hey, now that the Gore bush thing is the done deal, can we turn to the Giuliani and Hillary campaign and I was just curious what is your can we turn to it? What does that mean? Well, let's, you should be focusing on that campaign. Well, what do you mean I should be focusing on our first of all? This isn't the, we don't do that on the show number one and number two. We don't live in New York states. So what difference does it make? Well, why do we, why would we want to focus on that? The Catholics are in uproar up there because Hillary, we don't live in New York state. Why do we give a flying crap about Rudy and Hillary? What is that got to do with that? I don't know New Yorkers living in this state. But what's the day to live here? What does it have to do with that? I live in Rochester too. I was born there. I don't give a crap about New York state politics. What do I care? Yeah, but Hillary, this is like a national. She's going to be, uh, she could be president of a few years. No, no, no, no. Well, but she's been president of Vassar. The Catholic president of the Glee Club. Yeah, but the Catholics are really netted her because she's leading that parade this weekend. You know, with, uh, you know, the gay parade and they're very, you know, the state, Patrick's day parade. Yeah. And I'm just kind of curious. Don't you think that's hurting your chances by a running insult with the gay community? Why is that? Well, I mean, she's, she could be alienating. How am I dying to find a student? She aligned herself with a gay community in California. Did she remember the US Senate, which is what Hillary aspires to be? And have a nice day. Oh, God. 560, 5060, Pomp 560. Do we care about New York politics? No. We have a flying crap about that fascist Rudy Giuliani and that bitch Hillary that the ice prince says, no, let's get back to our lives, zero. Okay. Not because somebody else here is from New York. We got a whole bunch of people from New York. Too many if you ask me. Here's moral jables. Hello. Oh, yeah, I just wanted to call it, you know, I'm a supporter of this firm in a fashion. I'm curious why you're not. And why is that why you supported? Well, take a look at your organization for one thing. You got gold, bourbon, uh, Rogers, and you got capital. I mean, Rogers is a Jewish name? I don't know why. You're doing it. I mean, everyone's probably in your staff. Jewish. And that's why they were her raise is the general manager Jewish. Oh, no. Are the owners Jewish? They're going to call it. Yeah. And what about you? More on and more on is that your blood twin brother? Go, go, play with yourself. Okay. Oh, he already is 560, 5050, 5060, Pomp 560 on the AT&T where I was like, this is what happens when the school runs the drivers play hooky and they leave punk kids like this sitting around the house diddling too much, rubbing themselves raw. This is what happens. Here's David. Hello. Hey, Neil Devill. How you doing? Okay. When I was in college, we used to observe a holiday called O English-Sickie-Sickie Day where I said, we were 27th, all the black guys in college were go out and buy 40 hours of English. And then we stood as many ugly, big, those Jewish girls as possible. However, we never got to them because of a so many. What do you think about that holiday? And five, six, seven, five, 60, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Nice words, your friend. And by the way, see you on the bus. You'll be in the back. Here's a mobile and open park, hello. Yes, sir. I know how you doing. Okay. Pretty good. What they want to talk to you about today is how do you think that the related to one of these days? How do I think what? The related. How do I think the religion is doing these days? I don't know what what the pleasure is in. Well, what does that mean? Sir, what word, what are these words that are coming? Am I speaking around language today? Is that what? What do you be speaking, sir? What I be speaking, Neil, is I want to know how I can believe that there's not a god explain, please, sir. How can you believe that there is one? Take a look around you, see what all the slaughter and they miss fortunate in the misery and the murder and the mayhem and the starving people. And you believe there's a god who permits this to happen? Where does it treat come from? Where does it treat come from? The ground. Where does your brain come from? I'll tell you where your rectum is. Get out of here. Well, I didn't realize it was all stupid Wednesdays. It's stupid Wednesdays. Oh, that's right, because it's ass Wednesday. God, am I slow? Yeah, it's ass Wednesday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got a couple lines working here today not too many, so don't get carried away. How's that line foresighted right about now, huh? Oh, it's made, this must be connected with the wheel from most several casino. It's making that sound. Yeah. And line eight that we appreciate how's that doing. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless one. Well, it was shipped on Friday. We shipped yesterday. It's coming. It's coming. It's the engineer here. Here anyway. It's about about about about about about. Yeah, and I'm not at all at all. We're broadcasting. And go by the stock. You buy stock from a company that operates like this. You got to have a lot of bottomy baby. I'd gotten by that Boston chicken schmitch stock before I'd buy this. And what's that? Not about a 15 cent something like that. Oh, yeah. I'd gotten by about four pounds of chicken in the big settle watermelon before I'd buy any of this guy damn stock. Yeah, but you don't understand. It's just on the way. It's coming. It's coming in. You're just impatient. I don't even two and a half years. What's wrong with your man? By the way, did you notice out in the hallway? Is there any painting going on? Oh, anybody here putting anymore the ceiling tiles up? Oh, the stuff still sticking down from the ceiling? Oh, yeah. I write my case. It's a 1056 at 5.60 WQAM. Let's be serious all the way. You can take your blockage. It's a lot of blood to try to take. This is an asshole way. How is all that I know? How long to piss a blow? Ain't fun but like a blow is proud of who? We piss this one out away. This piss, this piss, this piss. Yeah, for both of us it's great. Yeah, this piss, this piss, this piss. Yeah, this piss, this piss. Forward. That's why. Why, you? Why, ow. Watch the movie. Watch the movie. Watch the ground. Yeah, this piss, this piss away. This piss, this lady's thing. Watch the bill back over. Oh, man. You can't borrow it, just leave. This piss, this piss, this piss, this piss. No way. I can't stop pissing people, these two nights. Who knows, you may even find. Do the right to get inside. This piss, this piss, this piss. If, no matter you break, you get this piss. This piss, this piss, this piss. This piss, this piss. Forward. I can't stop piss, this piss. This piss, this piss. But if you get a correct picture about that, it's 11.05.50 WCOM. So we're not getting any information about this thing with ass wedges anymore. I don't know why because they don't know because they didn't make up the rules. And now you want to know why America is so fast. Fasting is defined as one full meal and two light meals during the day. So that's fasting. Imagine what a pig and outlight be. Huh? Yeah, that's the cat-lick church. That's the new deal for fasting on these holidays like today ass Wednesday. So don't eat more than four or five times a food today, place where you'll push off the pork. And you know what happens when he gets pissed. Oh, speaking of that. So during the bits that I'm playing there, if you heard that loud on that, the reason being that this line, which maybe it's not you. This is not that's fascinating for you. This is the payment. One eight. One eight. One eight. One eight. One eight. One eight. One eight. Thank you. Here we go. Every single day we go through the same exact thing. The cleansing sticks is head in the doorway and he's going the little room. We're like that. Every single day we go through the same thing. And you wonder why people just get to the point of apoplexy and they just, you just become puzzled like yours truly is the how long this can pass is the way I do a business here. There are three big boxes from colors, downstairs. You know something? I forget about throw the stuff out from the boxes. I'll tell you who to put in the three boxes. Okay. One of them his name is yeah. Yeah. Put screw in another one and then we'll take a vote on who's going in the third box. Yes, ask Wednesday. So what's wrong with that? Ask holding a box. What's wrong with that? How's my eight doing by the way? I don't like what a Mickey's cruise ships lost it. Oh, it's big and Mickey's cruise ships. I noticed yesterday that I wanted to mention the name of my good flat friend. He actually didn't get to a ticket to a ticket to a Humper. I don't want to make that. That was my name. But sounds to me like he's wavering on this thing. And he's right. It was his idea. I heard him wish to go on a year. I was driving home one day and he was suggesting, well, I did all maybe they can put a tax on the cruise ships and they don't pay any taxes anyway and stick into Mickey, etc. And so on. And then heck yesterday it was repeating that. It was his idea which he's right. And Thomas, well, Dave Height had a real good column on Sunday. Dave Height did not have a real good column. Dave Height had a grotesque, unacceptable ass sucking column. And even though Hank said, well, I don't know if this is the best way to spend the money. He's kind of like wavering just because it was your idea fat. So don't get sucked in here by that moron john Henry. You know, but it's not that. We don't need another guy dim, small time million dollar empty venue here in this town. Air�리 Street Corner. And like I said, these people don't care about their kid getting left out of school yesterday. Wandering around missing their test stranded. They don't care. Any place I'll civilize people be up at arms. They'd be marching talk about protest. They'd be marching right now in a goddamn Dave County school board. Demanding Henry Fraud and his asshole teachers be fired immediately. If not sooner. So I see teachers school bus drivers, whatever hell they are. Assholes. Since it is as Wednesday. But they won't do it. They'll just sit back and grumble a little bit. But wow, we're not too happy about it. And yes. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes. Good morning. Yes sir. Yes. I've been out of this line. So I'll screw up. Yes. I've been trying to figure out whether you're. What are your show. An educational program. No, it's entertainment. Yes. So. But at times you said you tend to blur the line between education. No. No. For instance, we're in our maximum. Because your support of government. Bush is one floor to plan. Have you read his plan? What are you talking about sir? The government of Bush is. Yeah. Have you read it? Yes. And it's entirety from cover to cover. No. Have you read it? Yes sir. And when I read this plan, it. You point sounds from the clearing problem with the. Sir, I've just got your time to entertain me. Show you're putting me to sleep. This isn't entertaining. This is terminal. But. But. We can talk from now until the end of time. I am opposed. Vimally and absolutely positively to affirmative action. I'll oppose the quotas. I'll oppose the any kind of a program for education for jobs for anything that gives favoritism to people because of the color of their skin. They're religion. They're a gender anything. This is unusual coming from someone. Come from a culture that had to change his name to be able to. No, I didn't have to change my name. No, I changed it because my real name is tool. My real name doesn't sound Jewish. And if I was if I was afraid of people, though, that I was Jewish. How come I talk you to shone here? My dark complex of bread? Well, no. What are you talking about? Yeah, my grandparents. They changed their name from you to leverage the Solomon. That was a good cover. A person. Yeah. Solomon. Oh. You've had 30 years of a lot of people. And putting these. I think that's a good cover. Yeah. Solomon. Oh. You've had 30 years of a lot of people including these. That's all. Bust drivers yesterday. Getting jobs. Even though they weren't qualified. And the time to say no more to that. You can't wait forever. You can't keep punishing people by nothing to do with the discrimination forever. And that's the name of the game. Goodbye. Bye. No. I'm absolutely positively. 145% opposed to affirmative action. It ends now. Get an education. You're talking about people who had to change their name. But you know something. They still got the jobs because they were qualified. Because they could go in there and it could compete. So change the color your skin and go in there and compete. Get an education. Get a brand. Get the chip off your shoulder. And let's start competing based on equal footing. And if you're afraid that America isn't the kind of place where you can do that. Well, I guess maybe you'll have to find someplace where you can. That's all I can tell you. It's worked for every other minority group. The Italians, the Cubans, the Jews, the Fags. Everybody else. Have somehow managed to succeed. Get an education. Get a brain. I mean, maybe we didn't need as much fried chicken. But somehow we managed to squeak our way through. We prefer our chicken a little blender. Boyle. A boiled chicken. That's the way the Jews like. Oh, hey. Pateless. Like this program. 560560. What is he telling you? What is he talking to with China? About that. Tell us something that we don't know. Okay. But it would be phenomenal. Just. And by the way, at the engineer ever came back to work. Maybe we get something installed in here too. Although I doubt it. See in the great job he's done with this. With this in-house phone system. Maybe if we got a real engineering here for a couple of days. Even if somebody had a pay him out of their own pocket. Maybe. Till we sell some more that bogus stock. Oh, I realized we're getting really out of control now. He wants he wants the phone system and a real engineer. This son of a bitch is getting out of control. 9 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM. So the company QAM got come from all of your cyberney. They have the internet on computers now. Sports radio 560 QAKAM. A kill the goal. Friday night on 5. It's the WGW Jaffee edition. In the higher involved LinkedIn style. There's his Christopher's a pressure. Oh, I'm bored in your crushers. We're not getting you in the ring. I'm going to rent my unmoverated boat up here too. We'll rent my arms around your waist and slap you in the belly. Be here a preview. Do what you want. But I'm going to slay you with two two. Just watch. I got my red fake when down. And when you hear me say like coming to. And that he don't see 100%. I miss them so much. The other ball. And he's a badass. Why are you so slay? Catch with you. We're a good. A bottle. We're a gay wrestling champion. Also effective. Programming for a score. Drunkie. Right. It's all 15 at five. So if you're WQM and speaking of wrestling. Let me just mention it again. That Connecticut wrestlers charge in hazing high school story yesterday. And I mentioned Georgia's morning before the show. Why should we be surprised. That in a high school wrestling team of all teams of all the so called sport that endeavors. Why should we be surprised that they do not always hazing things in a shower and gravity. So there's a gay club you more on parts, etc. Are we surprised? No. For my dark and plated friend, I just called a few minutes ago. He sounded like a nice guy. But then once in over the show is all about. And I tried to tell him it's for entertainment. And then he starts there wasn't entertaining. You're not entertaining. Well, you're trying to do his twist my arm and convince me. I mean, you're not going to convince me. I'm not going to convince you. You want us to continue. You know, you made playing favorites with certain kind of people including your wrong forever or never because your skin colors never going to change. I can change my name. I can pretend I can go out and get a fake life. I can have a beard or even grow one. But you're always going to be black. And the fact is that black people can't wait until the end of time until I decide they're going to go out there and get an education and compete on equal footing. That's just the way it's going to have to be. So affirmative action is all over with now. You can sit in the front of the bus and the back of the bus. I can sit in the front and the back. And I come in here as an out of the closet. You fag old fart and doing pretty well. It's quite of those things. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Good morning. Good evening. Yes. I can make a fly out of the station. You're in regards to your flight rolling. So the FCC and mine as well. It turns out they're here in Palm Beach, South-TZ. But as a complete listing of R.M. And F.M. Really, you're a station. We're going to talk about music and so forth. Yeah. And it turns out that this one or two station, W.A. spelled G. 101.3. Yes, please. Something called a dog mix. So last night I tuned in to it. And it turns out that 24 of the day, 7 days a week. Yes. So it's a very un-censored, uncut version of hip-hop and armbees. Yeah. And the radio-procurses in the hood, the hood, the hip-hop, the time, skews our forefathers and the cars. Good afternoon. This is a licensed commercial station. Pretty much. Well, what do you mean pretty much? Either it is a written, it's like pretty much pregnant. Is it the commercial license station or is this a pirate station? It's an, I never heard any, it's pretty much not here. It says, it's a like the, it's a like this radio station. How do you know that? I don't, but you know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how can they be doing that? I have no idea. The only way to do that is if it's a pirate station. I believe that, I don't know. I know, I know it's a, if it's a plain horse for a ferry and whatnot. Well, I hope you enjoy it. Okay. 560560. What do you say was 101.5? Okay, so let's get out of here. And what's the out of town line number? Neil's 90 West, 87775. Let's hear a line eight again just to get that sound. And I love that sound. Oh, man. I get goosebumps. Woo! I don't know how to go there. You can take it. You can take it. You can take it. I can really. Woo. You go to the, yeah. Yes. Hey, it's these revolutions. We have BBGI. That was worth power. If you're in a fight by the side of this radio station. And the construction of this that we have to do to the electric show. I can have a visit. I've looked right now. 5, 5, 5, 5. We do. That is it. 5. Oh, Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the 18, 18, T, T, T, T line. And the outside line is a dead. 877, 785, 63, 45. These people are sure we're up about those school bus drivers. We went off to tell I had to yesterday. They couldn't give a crap list. They don't care. Nothing phases them. Like the guy said in the facts, all they care about is Danny Boy. Let's talk about the way tomorrow's poll is going to be about a formative action. Don't let me forget about that. I'm sure we can't forget about it because as soon as I mentioned the air is probably, he's already got it written on his palm of his hand or something. Yeah tomorrow we'll do a poll. And we'll see just how many people out there are in favor of a formative action. Still. But today's poll is about Dan Marino. Danny Boy. Oh, Danny Boy. Just go away. Don't go away. Danny. Just go away. There's Dan Marino retire. You should of you playing other ear for the dolphin. They don't watch her. Or should of you decide by the mic. Use those ear three choices. On our poll, on our website, and you'll see. Draw your. Which I'd like to get a thousand votes on this. We sure ought to. You know what? I mean, since this is the most pressing issue when a goddamn time. Here is Miami, hello. Hello, man. Yes, sir. I just want to know. You would be in a picture of the throat candidate. Wait. We're going to win. On their race, they're both whites. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. Well, I know exactly. We're sure the problem with the bus driver's coin to, uh, L.A. The problem is that they didn't, that they left without making sure that there were placement drivers and kids who had exams, who had to get to school and kids who didn't have some MRI got stranded all day. They were kids who were sitting on a curb at 630 last night outside their school and date counting. Well, that is my problem. Sir, am I wrong about that? Well, sir, well, you informed that the schools informed the parents beforehand that the schools would be some schools that they would be some schools that they would be some schools that they would be. And schools put it on radio and television and if the parents didn't happen to hear it, the parents didn't know about it. Well, so my point to you is, uh, I'm not debating a problem with that. And with you. This is, uh, this is, uh, this has to do with people who have a job. This has got to do with people who have a job. And when it's very responsibility to take care of kids and protect their safety and get them to school at home on time, that's got to come first, barring a medical emergency or family emergency, going off the protest, stuff at Dalai Hassek. That comes way down the list, sir. You're getting a quick answer. It's like, you will be a protesting, uh, dogs right, didn't that? But, sir, I said, let me say this to you. Don't those people who are protesting don't they already have a job? Because you're, sir, people, they want the right to have a better job. Really? Well, you know something I got a great idea. I got a great idea. I got a great idea. I got a great idea. The lead, the lead, the fire, the grass right now and let them go out there to compete for a better job. That's a great idea. Thank you. Thanks for this suggestion. I got news for the people I see driving those school buses. They're lucky to have any job. Get serious. You know what we want people to do their job? We want competent people, sick and tired. I'll give you an example. Classic example. When we worked for Paxon, there was a dark-complexed lady who worked there. I went to her name on the air. I had the displeasure working with her years ago on another radio station in this town. I'm not going to say what position she was in other than prone. This particular lady, and I use that term loosely, was a belligerent, militant bitch. And they were who was totally incompetent. In fact, George had to do half a word job all over every day because she couldn't get it right. And that company was terrified to fire her ass. Remember the one time that came and told me that it hired somebody else. And you know what? They lied. Because she kept writing the poem. And why would she sue him? Because she was a minority. Which means she had a lot of she in her mind. She had a job there forever. No matter how obnoxious she was, no matter how incompetent she wasn't. Believe me, incompetent would have been a compliment. But she had a job for life. And I got news for you when it starts affecting the service and affecting the quality of all of our lives. And sentible people are just going to say, no, no more this crap. Equal footing means equal ability. That's what equal footing means. Good education. Barbara Jordan God and education. Julian Bon God and education. What's the name up there in Michigan? John Conner's he got an education. Lots of very bright black folks when out there in God and education. Made the best of what opportunity they had. And look where they got. I say forget about the NBA. Cracksham God damn school books and get an education and get ahead. Or just get them ahead. If you think you're going to, yeah, I mean, I'll listen to you. I'll listen to you if you want to be reasonable from now until the end of time. You can go on and on. I'm not going to change my mind. I approach most things with an open mind. But I'm this one. My my position is final intractable. Amulvable. That's it. The answer is absolutely. Oh, affirmative action. That's my opinion. Period. I've seen too much of it. I've worked around too much of it. I've worked with people who are just totally incompetent. And it counter with everywhere where you go shopping where you go for a service. Anything you counter it all over the place. You go into a doctor's office where you're a health. People's lives around the line in a doctor's office. And there are people who are there for obvious reasons for making good money by the way. Who are totally eminently unqualified to be filling those jobs. Go into a hospital. Have you been in the hospital? Go into a hospital and see some of those people that are working in those jobs with people's lives on a line. With people getting the right medication or not on a line. You're you're crying. You're barking up the wrong twist. We don't your. You're winding in the wrong year because I'm out listening. Not interested. Here's a mobile and pump in. Hello. Your affirmative action is for slackers and it's cure. Our panther is given it frog. 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T. Where was line? Here's candle. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Let me tell you something. From a division where Jeff Bush is doing it's the only thing that he's doing right. Yeah. And let me tell you something. You know what? The black city actually with the kids and screwed up their schedules and the tests and all that. Yes. What event do you think was worth the black basically doing that to the buses or the children's blocking the trucks? Both. Both. Yeah. That's good. Good. Good. I'll take a stick your pull on him to have a little other pops up or not. Okay. It popped up. 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T. Yeah. Which was worth the chicken or the egg? Which one tastes better? The water I won't see to the a-rind? Wow. This is some crowd again today. How's line forward doing by the way? I don't want to leave them on. Oh, look at that. It's not making a paper. It's not making a sound. I'll just put it on hold over there. Oh. But how about line eight? Alright. There you go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. There we go. Just checking. Just want to make sure. Okay. Because once you hear that sound and you know exactly what you'd be listening to, WCWM and the new Roger show. 26 past 11 at 560, QM. Now Altq and F Jacob are doing at 10. medio music Ah-ha! Congratulations on this. This is a beauty before. Now I can get no job. Because I have done punt, I joined the university. I have spoken like a nun. with now a chance to know. But I heard it say that okay. Change my name to two flows. Try to do Santa Coda and a candlelight. I remember when I was feeling, all the white pants crossed, hanging outside, to build a deer bar, round the blue, without bother teeth. White deer was got snowed, y'all told me, and time passed. So the bottom of my nose of chains now, I'm passed. Got to go in and sell those record seats. Track those seats. Track those seats. Track those seats. Track those seats. Track those seats. Track those seats. Track those seats. Track those seats. Not even into the water, but, If I can explain to you something, God is nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money. They have a fool, sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing. If I can get me anywhere, Maybe I'll muggle all right, this. Feel a thirst and fuller hand. Then I go to take some money. By a stereo and a bridge a day. I remember when I was feeling all the white man's cars hanging outside. I felt the deer ball ran the blues. That's all the teeth. White deer would catch no jar, poofy and trash. So the panic would keep mind out the change now. Car running. Got to go with several crack OK. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. Crack or teeth. By the 32 at 5. At 5. 6, you're welcome. Thank you. Thank you. At the school of state 2 at 2 o'clock. The big, boistery, boistery. Not as big as he used to be. Thank god he'll be here at 6. At the K. Rimes with GA. He'll be here at 10 o'clock tonight. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. And that's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. That's our agenda. We don'tpler affect any anger they do need to add a bit. That's our agenda. And only eat 11. 9.5% said you should play another day with the dolphins. They don't want them. Oh, I'm sorry. How do you like that? That's amazing. Also, here's an old from Eric on this tabulation sheet. Here it says, the stock is nose diving, not due to the new Rogers, but due to the aimless, see the next fax. And I can hear the next fax printing in a background there. And I'm getting goosebumps. Just waiting for that thing to come sliding through and the fax, too. So I can reach behind me there and grab that sheet. Just reach behind you and grab the sheet. Oh, you ought to be grabbing a sheet. You're probably in a clan made. Right. As long as you're not affirmative action, you must be a racist and didn't I already say last week, I was a racist. So what's wrong with that? At least it fits right, at least I'm inconsistent. What's wrong with everybody? The guy who you're on the one hand, he's saying equal footing, but on the other hand, but he's got to have priority because he's dark. How about Malcolm on a young and a hornier? Did he get to job these days? Oh, yeah. What is this? Well, because he looks good. I saw him on Soul Train, by the way. Oh, chucking in, jiving. I'd like to see him shucking it and jiving it and jame it. Jam on it. Here's a lady in Davy. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you doing? OK. I'd like to speak to you about this whole thing with the bus drivers. Yes. I think it's absolutely. What's wrong with this phone? This phone is just a mess. I know. We just found them very strange. I think the whole thing is ridiculous. What would happen if one of these kids was a duckman? Right. Right. The bus driver to come pick him up. Right. Or got into some serious trouble because they were hanging around there on a street corner and got shot gone for a bit or some horrendous thing happened. But is it going to be the parent fault because they put it on the news that the bus drivers weren't going to be there? That's pathetic. I mean, what a lame excuse that was. I mean, I'll wait and I'm waiting. I'm counting the dates. I can get out of this rat hole. Yeah. I mean, this place is the worst. And you think I could find it anywhere in the Miami Harald this morning. And they're talking about they want to cruise the tax, the cruise ship passengers now for a bus today. So they can raise money. Not to improve the school situation here. Not to hire more bus drivers. Not to have more textbooks. But so they can build another stadium that can sit there half empty all the time. Please. Forgot it's a billionaire. Please. Crazy people. Crazy. Can't wait to out of here, Neil. Good luck sweetheart. Thanks. Take me with you. So take me with you, Sal. Take me with you. Why does that keep coming to my mind lately, huh? Take me with you. Anywhere you're going, just take me. We're going to bang with a dash. We're going to Calcutta. Okay, I'll give it a shot. We got a shot. You're good out of here. What? This whole phone thing. I think it's the overhead, too. Is there something change with the overhead level? Because after Christ, there must be, because I got my thing crank way up in here yesterday and today. But before, once we get that out of those things out of the boxes down to, I got the answer. We got the screen in one box, Greg Reid and the other box, and George Corso and the third box. That sounds good to me. I know it's a revolutionary concept, but didn't I say it along long time ago. You make a project out of this. Like we're going to get this done. We're going to get the new equipment in here. We're going to bring in two or three part-time real engineers. Get everybody's head together who knows what they're doing and get it all. You know, instead of dragging on, I'm sure that I'm not the only one. I'm sure we got a lot of people in the audience who are really just fed up here in every day. This whole thing would have been crap here that we got. Okay. Wow. I thought they were taking that much of a dive, what's he talking about? What are you getting all nervous about, Eric? Let's see. Last trade, 11.0 2 AM, B3 was down to 12.5 at 3.8. There's no surprise. There's an X-Zash down 65 points. It's an X-Zash stock. So, I should have been surprised. Plus Alan Greenspan opened up his big mouth again today. Made another speech. Bop, bop, bop. And every time he opens up his mouth, he'll architect another crap. All of the dollars up 57 for those who can't get new to TV right at the moment. There are some good news for it. So, it's only down about 75,000 points in last month and a half, don't get nervous. It's only money. You ever seen that spot where the guy is, what the hell is this for? It's for all these investments for him. My favorite one is the one for the, where she's doing the, with the guru in there and they're like doing all the, the saying on, so whatever they're doing. But this is the one where the guy is jogging on the beach with his wife. And he says, boy, he says, you know, and good thing that we don't worry about things. And if we invest in all our money and some flybines, I'd stock and set a hiring a, and we lost all of our money. And he's smiling, laughing, she says, well, what are we going to live on? He's the, oh, there's the fresh air in the sunshine, what else do you need? It's only money. This is money is how you've already. Longest $60. $21 before noon at 5.60 WQAM. Well, Riddian, dumb, I have dirt. Yes. Yes. The re-pub making party. They are still behind your civil youth. But while you were fighting for a country, you were doing a line or two, $60, $50. You're like your POW, or your wife. And all the while your wife, don't have the person's wife, don't have the person's name. Don't make change. And if you think that we will for you, Don't make change. You are still better than George, I'll be with any hard to talk to. $60, $50.50 WQAM, so CNN reports that who on the Cain senior advisors have informed them that probably as early as tomorrow, McCain will drop off. He'll just say, no, anymore this madness. Bradley is already dropping out today. So it's a Gorin Bois, Bois, Bois, and Gorin, that's what you got like Jimmy and Danny, Allen George W. 560, $50, $60, $60, $60, $80, $80, $80, $80, $80, $80, $80, $80. As we continue rolling a little longer. This line is insistent. It wants on a year. If you noticed during the end of that spot we hit for the macaroni grill. That this just popped on by itself again here. Lining. Yeah, it wants on. I'm not going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I should out or not, it just pops right back on there. Keep pushing it down and keeps popping right back. That's what I thought you can relate to that. You hope. Here's a call in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have a lot of say, but you've probably put me off. Probably. Anyway, a firm in the vash of man. And what's wrong with black people from the game from the Vemith Faith or something from the house and correct me of our wrong. Well, when you finally getting some benefits, how long? How long do you spend? What year should we cut it off? What's the cut off thing? Well, okay. Correct me if I'm wrong. I'm a juice. I'm not getting benefits from what happened in the Holocaust? No. Yeah, right. I'm sorry. Let me ask you this. What do you mean by benefit? Do you use get hired because they were used killed in the Holocaust? So what's wrong? If they don't, you brought that up out of the left field. I have no idea what that is. Do you think it's a good idea? Think it's a good idea. If you're a good idea, you're a good idea. But what you should get hired because of what happened in the Holocaust? Do you need any juice to get hired because they're Jewish? I can't. Yeah. Yeah. You're looking at your juice. How did you get the radio station? What is it? How did you get the radio station? Because that was Jewish. Because you're a white guy. You're a white Jew. It's easier for you than a black guy. And not for the same. That's right. A little capacity for you to do. That's correct. But you'll never know that. There's a lot of incompetent white people in the hospital. Kill them black people. Kill them white people. To the same as going into the black people. No, it's a question. How did Roy Foster get hired to be a salesman on this radio station? That's Roy Foster's business. What about the Indian? Well, how about how about the Indian? It is business. But how you claim I got hired. That's your business. That was your center. So like a lot of you folks, you got a double set of standards. Well, that's not. That's not. You don't get hired because they're Jewish. There are no quotas for hiring Jews. Mirror Rogers. How about gay? Do gay people get hired because they're fags? Zero Rogers. Sir, I'm asking you a question. You mean they can bring your hired to the factory? No, I just hired to the factory. Well, why not? That's common sense. Oh, it's common sense. It's common sense. It's common sense. My hired a fag because he could just because he's a fag. Well, why is that? Suppose you want to be a hairdresser. What's wrong with that? That's true. How about an interior decorator? If he deserves it, you'll get it. Okay. Well, if you deserve it, you're going to get it too. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. I think he deserves it. Yeah, he's going to get it. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. And on the other town line, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five. Isn't it interesting now? All of a sudden these people are ordinarily we don't hear from. It's just like with our Cuban friends out there. 80 billion of them are listening. And when we had the alien thing here going crazy. Papa, papa, papa, you know all that crap going on? You know what I'm talking about? Instead of just being like a plain old ordinary folks all of us. Like I keep preaching all the time. I de-in-h-do-oh-harb and just be a human being. Not some God damn hyphenated, whatever. Forget about that crap. Just be a person. Get you a brain and go out there and get a job that you can do. I got hired because I'm Jewish. Give me a-oh, God. Now I got hired because I'm a faggot. Because I'm fat because I'm old because I'm a faggot. Because I'm an ugly. That's why I got hired. Now what's your excuse, sir? I got all those great things going for me. This overhead, this where the problem is with a lot of the stuff. This is all I've done. Maybe our engineer will come back someday. What do you think? No. That's a great line. Oh well, he wasn't here yesterday and he wasn't here on Monday. And he wasn't here last Friday. And he's on a busman's holiday. Maybe he's rather than a bus to tell I had to. What do you think? Yeah. Here's Carl Jeeble. Hello. Oh, new. Yes, sir. Can I? George, well, how he feels on the affirmative action? Yeah, when he does the show, he's not doing a show. What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? I just got George more sensitive. George is more sensitive. He's also a ginsded. Oh, okay. I just wanted to know. Okay. Well, there's your answer, sir. I just wanted to know. I didn't know. He's more sensitive. I did a whole show on it. He's the most insensitive little spick-y ever saw in my life. Sensitive. Of course, I never touched him. So I'm not really sure. I don't want to. 560, 560, 560, 560. A lot of four-skin. We hear makes you more sensitive. Is that what he's talking about? Yeah. I got your four-skin over here, pal. Get back out of an anobode. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling or regarding the affirmative action issue. What issue? There's no issue. It's history. Done. Well, maybe not. Sorry. Follow me. Let me share a few ideas. Just a little scope from there. Okay. Affirmative action. You know, little folk talk it. They talked with the chidney, but walking it is something else. Okay. What does that mean? I'll tell you what that means. For me now, I'm talking for me now. I can't believe I'm good in. It's my opinion that down here in Florida, in the southern states. And I'm talking about employment now. It's a right to work state. Now, what is right to work me? Okay. I think that affirmative action or form. By the way, Jason, if you don't stop facting into the same crap over and over again, I'm going to take back the take this stuff off the internet. Cut the crap Jason, go ahead and say. Yeah. What I'm saying is a sort of a check in balance. I guess the right to work state. And I've seen it in my 60 years on the south. And I'm from the north and I understand. Okay. Yeah. And not to say. Okay. That I know everything, which I don't. I love your show. Well, what are you trying to say? I don't know what to say. Let me see. Let me see. You know, I worked for 30 years in Detroit area. Yeah. Right. And you tried to trick off. Well, I used to be a great city until I'd burned it down. But anyway, of course, in 68, they burned the city. Fifty, seven years. I know. Whatever it was, in 1967, 68. And the early 60s and 61, I tried to move to gross point. And I couldn't get in. You know, why do I have a point system? My name is from the home. My parents were from Italy. Yeah. And if you were black, if you were Jewish, if you were a person of color, if you were swarming, what do you tell you? It came in. Yeah. So I made a point. And I was in a living at damn city. And 10 years later, I bought it. And I wasn't an Anglo-Saxon. So I had to do it with affirmative action. Well, here's what it has to do with it. I got transferred down here 11 years ago in the FLA. And I saw right away immediately the different mortality between owners of companies. And even corporate companies that are located down here. Yeah. It's the way they treat employees. It's a different ballgame. Yes. Right to words, called away. It's called away of doing business. It sucks in the South. It's a very extreme aspect of the word. That is right. So what is it? I'm still going to ask you for the third and last time. What does that have to do with affirmative action? Well, affirmative action just people. Some rights. Don't say people with color. Yeah. And what about other people? No. That's not the right. It gives them preferential treatment. Even if they're not qualified. I just got to tell you stories about specific individuals. One in particular. I can give you a dozen of different ways like that. Well, that's wrong. That's absolutely wrong. But the way I understand affirmative action is not just people of color. It's also male female issues. Yeah. I mean, it covers a lot of how many how many men do you know get hired because of affirmative action. How many what? Men. You said male. How many men get hired because there's a quota for men? Obviously it's one side of that. How many Jews get hired because there's a quota for two? Well, of course that doesn't happen that way. I just got to have a lot of people. I just got told five minutes ago here that I got hired because that was Jewish. Why I heard that? That's ludicrous. Okay? And I understand that. But on the other point, on the other side of the issue, all it is is a reminder to the employers, say, look, if it's back you don't do it right, you're violating some kind of right, some kind of law. And it keeps people in a little bit of a balance. And it doesn't always work. People will talk to talk. But let me tell you, a lot of people don't walk in. And I know that. Okay? They say, I'm not prejudiced. That's a lot of glory. Well, I am. I understand. It's all mine. Yeah. Well, I know. Have a nice day. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Did not give him ample opportunity. I think, oh, yeah. More than ample. Anybody know what he's saying? No. Here's a mobile and e-haw junction. Hello. Mobile and e-haw junction. Yeah, Neil. How are you? Okay. Can you hear my phone? Okay. Here you are. All right. I'm not the problem. Sir, our phone is the problem anyway. Okay. About affirmative action. Yes. About 20 years ago, I applied for a job at a major trucking company. Yeah. And I had a date to go down and take a test, a written test, and a run test. There's a man of color. There are two things. Same thing. Right. I outstored him on the written test, the run test. And I got the job. Uh, tips is about it. It's been 20 years ago. It's about a $60,000 a year job. Right. Uh, they told me to report Monday morning to get my kids a cold, everything. Yeah. They called me that Saturday. That's going to Friday. I said the test. They called me back on the Saturday. And told me they couldn't hire me because they had to have so many flags on the payroll. Right. So I lost the job. I was like that. And I outstored him on there. Uh-huh. I think it's stuck to me. It does well. Okay. This crap stops right now. I'm with you. Amen. Good luck, Bill. All right. Good. To qualify, the idea, the notion that anybody else should get some job or some opportunity ahead of you is so unacceptable and so grotesque and so uniting American until you're right now. It's unacceptable. Just on. And while there's people who are prejudice, let me say it again. There are people prejudice against Jews, again, gaze against all kinds of people. And you know something, we still somehow managed to a squeak our way through. And aren't looking for any special favors. Equal treatment, yes. Special favors. No. And I think that we got some people in this country who've been getting a goddamn hand out for too long. Based on stuff that happened 50 years ago and 100 years ago and 200 years ago long before they were even a goddamn idea. Much less born. Call the crutch. Something we saw a lot of a week ago Saturday. It's a crutch. If you can compete to get in the school, if you can compete with somebody to get a job, great. If you can get a, like the guy says, be somebody on a test, get a higher score. Great. You should be hired. And if you can't, too bad. Four minutes before known at 5.50 WQA. The deal Roger shows, sports radio, 5.60s. Two, eight. And we're trading out by six. We need to deal two, eight. I'm gonna have a more modern day. And now the picking, the deals you've drive on that mark. Our team are building an arena for the happy heat. Happy to have even somehow don't seem right. That are as your goal is for financial advice. Oh, you see, hey, it's my turn. There's no best football, they're all on the drive. Let's put both places down. And ensure it's true or be nice. Before we lose our attitude, the channel is done. Life starts on the right side. And again, we need to get a better day. Two, eight. And we're trading out by six. Two, eight. And we're trading out by six. We're trading out by six. We're trading out by six. And we're trading out by six. This is the biggest difference between the two. And the two wins that. And the smartest is this. You know what my response to that is? That's it. So I have to say about that. Crap. Here's a mobile informe, myers, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, we're going with the honor percent on that one. Followed there. You didn't get hired because you knew what he was doing. And he was exception. You got hired because he was June. Exactly. That is not amazing. You got hired because you were qualified for a game. That's right. They can't pick him up. He's brought circles around his stupid ass. That's correct. Exactly. If he could do the same show that I'm doing right now. If he was articulate if he had a hit. If he had a half a break. He'd be doing a show right here now. What do he's black or purple? Most definitely. Keep up the good work. Neil, that caller's a shipment head. Oh, she met a tech user. How do you? God bless you. And happy ass ones. They too. Happy ass ones. Did everybody out there in the audience? Or is it a hat? Or maybe it's like young keeper. And of course, we screwed up bad. Didn't bring in no ashes to Schmer on your forehead today. What tells wrong of you? I got a cigar over here. Yeah, but you can't light that up in here because it's a non smoking building. And we don't want to start light and I have a soup smoking here because if I get it, I'll equip them and screw it up. How's line eight doing by the way? Oh, I love it. I got news for it. There is one other show in America. A.N.F.N.P.M. Sure way that gives you sound like we do on a show. I'll tell you that. Man. I'm reading the article. It isn't a heard by the way for Lady Colby for you. We really have to scour. It's way down. I mean way down the under in New Orleans. An article by Robert Sanchez. And it says one floor to protest your strange students. And they were surprised. They were shocked. They didn't anticipate 573 since they only have 240 substitutes available. They were shocked. So they didn't really have any idea till the very last minute. How many work could it show up? So basically this is the way they run your school system in Dave County. Whenever these people who and by the way, the district would have performed more notice. But school employees who wish to take personal leave don't have to apply an advance as they do for vacation time or to justify their absences they do for sick leave. So if they feel like, oh, I guess what? And about five minutes, I'm going to go up to get pissed off somewhere in protest. Then your kids are out of luck. That's how much they care about your kids in the Dave County school system. Dr. Henry Fraud should be fired right now. Right this minute. Go get him a goddamn new weed. Piece of crap. Jerk. Jackass. He's an asshole. Idiot. Can't complain about the education in Dave County because generally speaking there is none. Shame on you. Here's a mobile in the cable. So hello. Neil. What do you look like without that hair piece? Yes, sir. What's up, Neil? This whole affirmative action thing. There's a couple of words for that self-confidence and self-esteem. All these people that are fighting for it, they're just telling the whole world that they don't have self-confidence and self-esteem and themselves. What they're saying is that they can't compete. That's what they're saying. They can't quarry. And you know what I have a lot of black friends and I will surprise that most of them are against it. Just as, you know, and also the bus drivers, if I will keep working on a fine, they have the bus driver jobs, they wouldn't have done to the protest. Obviously those people have better fit from affirmative action. Very exactly. No question about it. They got that that's why they're pissed off. For their afraid they're not going to be able to keep the jobs. If somebody could really drive a bus, it's going to get that there. And I'm not a parent, but for any parents out there, the black minority, anybody better fit in from affirmative action. How would you like somebody getting the job driving their son to school that wasn't as qualified as the other person because he's a minority. And that's exactly what we've got. And obviously, go to show you that we have people driving the bus because they're the ones that are going to protest because they're the ones that benefit from affirmative action. Right. So every day a parent puts your son on the school bus, we like that. How many did he say 300? 573. 573 people. I'd say at least 50% of those people. You know, gain from affirmative action because they were going to protest. So imagine that 50% of those people that could, 50% better qualify people could have been dragged. That is correct. Most of those bus drivers couldn't drive their finger up their ass. Exactly. And have a great day. Thanks a lot, man. And happy S one day. Thanks. And watch where you're rubbing. What is it? Only 340 bus drivers called in sick today to participate. They're still participating. Yes. Jesus. I just wanted it on the news. All these parents are up there being great for work. That's the take. So what do you do with that ash when you get it on your forehead? Just rub it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. So they're still, uh, crapping away up there. And guess what the threat is by the way now. The threat is we're going to have a boycott of citrus. Oh, hey. Now does that include watermelon do you think? No. Not citrus is it? No. But I mean it's like in the same family kind of. Huh? Related distant relive. Now I think it's a squash or something. Watermelon is a squash? I don't know. It's called a like spaghetti squash. Now if I happen to be a little bit darker, I'm not like butternotes squash. Right? Don't the darker, like, the folks like butternotes squash? Who you askin'? I would think you would know that you got like a lot of dark, blood flow into your vein. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Hi, I'm Elis. Yes, sir. I have been calling you for a seven and a half years, I believe. Yes. And I've got seven and a half years, I worked for a government office in this city. With no medical benefits or benefits. In 94, I was offered a position by my supervisor. They were trying to write me a position. And how does the center gave it to a young blocker? He gave it to a young black girl. Right. Why don't they find out about that? I had no experience at all. Working with my supervisor, or working on the work that she's involved in. And now, this week, that person left her job. And when they tried to write me into the same position, the management decided to get rid of the position. And so that they need the money elsewhere. And they've kept me on without medical insurance, without benefits, without sick leaves, without highly time. And I started working here in March of 1990. Yeah. So I don't know what's fair in that. For those of you out there, we think it's fair. There's definitely no fairness and not as far as I'm concerned. I was more, I am more qualified for the job. And we're going to run into the job when the job opened up. Yeah. So this is what happens when you're peppering spoiled people to try to make up for the sins of the past. And what we do is just create more sins and more imbalance and more insanity. You can't do it. You can't do it. You're creating more racial friction. And it's a priority. More racial friction. And I'm sorry, the film is slowly affected me. And I hate to even think about that. But I've been beaten over the head. And I'm sorry. But ask for it. Have a great day, pal. Good luck. You know what they say? If you can't compete, you ain't going to eat no meat. You're going to beat lots and lots of Kentucky fry. I'll tell you that. Or is it both jangles? Because you're not going to be able to afford no ground sirloin. No shut up, what are you on? If you can't compete. So get to an education. Start changing all the priorities here and stop with the crap. All of the Jews this and the Jews that I don't know of anybody. Unless they went to work for Benade Brith or something like that. Whoever got hired, unless it was in a Hebrew school. Because they were Jewish. I don't know if anybody even interior designers and hairdressers. Whoever got hired specifically. Because they were gay. Do you know anybody like that? No. We found Carlos. Open line on the out of town line. 877. 785. Oh, that was the secret I'm sorry. I love this show. Do you know? I don't know. Another film to film is, My wife. I love Tell to başto take my son. He thanked me for following him. Who doesn't support Aaron Brabo's line. We were supposed to play a great format for him. If they just go flow You're the onion in a tube is waiting All you have to do is go far far Who paddle out and head yourself and see how to hear my So pull back to Havana, it's only 90 miles So pull back and see how to drop, but on your brand new island of USA in the tube And you fly on in a tube Go back in the end You can see your daddy and both ran on There's one with you, I'm lucky Prop 15 to 550 W.M. happy Wednesday, two years Speaking of early on, he's the topic of a Republican letter in the state of Florida An unwitting fundraiser for the Republican 40 of Florida In a four page letter written in Spanish and mail the voters in South Florida State party chairman, Al cardinous, blast the Clinton Gordon administration For bowing to Cuban president Fidel Castro in the boys case And the Florida Democratic party is blasted right back I'm surprised that chairman Cardinous would use this issue to collect money Said, scream and watch in the party's executive director The Clinton administration is trying hard not to pull the sides to Italy on case And keep it in legal system, he said, that's screaming or is that like a Maybe one of those European, maybe it's screwing this first name Is that what your luck always used to say when they asked somebody was doing Screw and Watson, maybe it's screwing Watson But at any rate, so there's alien again being used and manipulated this poor little six year old kid And what's your name, season is still in hospital suffering from fatigue and fat, Maurice Lathas Can we care about that bitch? No, no. Kind of couple open lines on here, which is pretty shocking to me is it's shocking at all? 670560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line out of town lines weight nine and that's been pretty weak again today 877756345 How come we can have anybody from Palm Beach call on that line? They're explained as how up there if you're like between the age of ten and a hundred You got to fast a few meals today because it's as Wednesday, but if you live in the day county you need to your hearts content So to think they should at least take a nice kids to like Kentucky Friday somewhere Or school kids, while they're cool in their heels somewhere Bring them some lunch, do something That was heartbreaking, that was pathetic There's always kidlike like lost children just wandering around waiting for somebody to come and pick them up, take them somewhere And these people don't give a flying crap there, more considered about Danny Marino, wait to see, look at 40,000 the responses on this on the website tomorrow You watch 50 million responses Because that's all they give a crap about is stupid stupid idiot exports Get exactly, couldn't have said it better myself Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello, yes sir, is it Neil? Sounds like me. Alright Neil, my opinion on the affirmative action is this. Yes I feel that okay, we want to do away with affirmative action because everything is equal after 30 years of it being in place You agree with that? Everything is equal? Yeah after 30 years of affirmative action being in place, we think that it's equal I didn't say anything is equal, I said it doesn't work Okay, the thing is that black people in this country have been discriminated against from day one You know other rates of the ride on the boat in chains If you know one, you can let me know, I get through the little shaky on that issue Are black people wearing chains for their, are they in shackles and chains? They're not in shackles and chains today because it won't be allowed Let me explain, that's not the way We're back in the early 50s when we had the McCarthy which hunts in this country and all those writers And all of us we had all the red baiting going on and all the witch hunts looking for commies under every rock Was it black people who lost their jobs then it was a Jews Well, let me ask you this. That was less than 50 years ago You're talking about something, how did you get to go? I feel if you should do away with affirmative action Yeah, and also do it the right question on applications when you find it out Why is it not in climate? Why would be race religion? It's not of anybody's business Right, there you go. So, and the thing is if you're interviewing, well set up a system to where you don't know who you're interviewing You don't know what the person's, and that's right, you can work on whatever And the situation they turn in the end of the, and the John Rocker Hood Well, there you go Okay, but that's my comment on that. I appreciate you showing everyone as they'll be in it And I'll pray for us All right, okay Okay, get it easy Yeah, especially on S Wednesday Monished on a halala hazard, don't you say that an S Wednesday? No, I'm going to keep trying to lie fine just about holiday Monished on a halala hazard, me call halala those buray pre-hug off and have some wine Try to lie, never drink wine, as nobody said something like that Yeah, get those all lumped in their mission together Just like clockwork orange, you should have been drinking the wine And it's pushed flop right over there and then goddamn spaghetti bull Here's Miami, hello Yeah, I know Yes sir, how to hell the black people get pampered, what do you mean by that? That's well and we've been pampered Don't you know what pampered's arse sir? Not pampered, yeah People who get jobs just because of the color of their skin That's called pampering somebody If you can qualify for the job then more power failure Okay, so what part of that don't you understand? Okay, women and affirmative action and my correct Yeah, okay, so that's got to end too There's very very much something wrong with that Let me say it again What is the right to vote cut to do with affirmative action with a job or a place in school? What does one have to do with the other? What should I do right now on Neil? The pressing my opinion is what I'm doing You're getting that in a way And your opinion is very dangerous because it doesn't coincide with yours Maybe your opinion is dangerous Do you ever stop in the go about that? Because it's put in the wrong ideas and the minds of people Sir, I'm going to tell you right now We're going to take a pool tomorrow on this on our on the website And I guarantee it because they've already done the pool statewide and nationwide The overwhelming majority of people in this country in this state in this town are very very strongly opposed to affirmative action Because the people in this country are all the white people That's right, the majority of people in this country They take the pools as all the white people The majority of people in Florida, we know it are all retired fat fans Yeah, right fat fans, but I'm what about the rest of them And what about the rest of the country? What about the rest of the country? The majority of the country is serious black people That's why they don't want us to be on top Because they don't want to be on top, that's right Well, sounds to me like you're going to maybe like sit around the bottom You fear us, yeah, you fear us And if they end we will be on top You'll be on top of what? That's right, I got a little bit of a time-old smokey Just like the white man has been on top ruling for years About a little years, and it's time for the end It will end Black man will be a control of the shit I thought they were They're controlling their shmen as they say I thought they were shmen to their money I don't want to hear that crap I mean that's just so pathetic, just on the face of it 560, 5050, 5060 And pound the pork, okay pal That's why it's suggesting to you, pound pork He wants to be on top, what do you say? He wants to be on top right at bottom Who's going to be on top? Roy! I hope they have a good time Listen, I'm glad you're bringing this up This is something that's been bugging me about this issue for a long time He's not as easy as he was, he's got a good time He's called ignorance, you know? His whole bag is in Florida, what there is, nothing but a bunch of old bags Nothing but a bunch of old bags The problem that I have is it's so obvious Why is it so difficult to understand that you cannot fight for equal opportunity And at the same time, fight for preferential treatment It's a big deal, you can't be on both sides While I'm glad you're on the right, I'm glad you used that term There's a difference, so it's got nothing to do with equal footing It has to do with preferential treatment And the thing that drives me crazy How long does this go on before somebody is satisfied That we've done a long enough and done reverse discrimination Again, other people long enough before they feel satisfied How many generations, how many lifetimes do you force stops? Well, obviously it's getting ready to stop now What the problem is is, you know, we are, everyone's always talking about the black issue The white issue, the blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah None of that holds any water, what I think the bottom line is I think there is an inherent fear on the part of the people who are fighting for a affirmative action There is an inherent fear to compete Because without getting the stereotypes, certain people are lazy at another Ladies and gentlemen, we're a big shoes Exactly And it's in the large penises? Yeah, I think that's what you're getting at Well, you know, I mean, basically what it boils down to is the person who goes out there gets the education, fights for the job and the way the job is the person that I want to have a job There are those that go out and make things happen and there are those that sit around a way for handouts And I think that the inherent fear of having to compete is what's causing all of this pro-affirmative action garbage And then this guy that just called her this militant lunatic, there's guys just a freaking racist is all he is Well, that's the thing that's going to be a very important thing This guy's just a freaking racist is all he is Well, that's the thing that kills me, they don't realize that what they're saying is exactly the same thing that they're claiming that he claims me He claims me, he says the things that I'm saying are stirring up all kinds of bad attitudes And they come down with a worse racist crap I ever heard in my life Well, you know, it's better to be on top and they're taking over when it's their time and yati yati yati Maybe you start with the NBA's what he's talking about Well, and like I said at the beginning of my call, you know, it boils down to intelligence and ignorance You know the ignorant people said it's a man up there and saying oh a affirmative action is the only way that we're going to be able to beat racism Because the white man is is ruling supreme and that's a bunch of malarkey I mean there are so many intelligent well educated people have every color of every race of every male female animal vegetable It doesn't matter, you know the people with intelligence are the ones that are going to wind up on top Not the people that are out there fighting false battles that occurred 250 years ago All right, and have a great day. Yeah, you do think and say how to tell him has to enroll and roll those other turn coats and Hollywood all those assholes all those backstabbers That we're switching on everybody allegedly even people to work out then coming think of whatever it'll be we're back at a 50's use Exactly That's in our that's in my lifetime That's not that many years ago. We're not talking about people in chains and shackles. We're talking about blatant discrimination And then of course we go into the flag things since this guy so concerned about things We could talk about that is it are most of the people still in the closet on our time. I checked it and we're still in the closet there is because they're terrified you talk about being terrified they're scared crapless Because we eliminate homophobic the end of all society For most people would like to be out of the closet, but they don't dare to do it There is an a day that goes by that people don't get fired because of it whether it's in the military whether it's in civilian life or whatever the hell it is that people don't get can't lose their jobs Because somebody finds out that they're a fag And you want to know why my dark-complexed friend because that's the American fucking way exactly couldn't have said it better myself This old fag I'm starting my own show like Bob Vila only mine's gonna be called this old fag 26 past noon at 5.50 WCOM This has been an amazing adventure for me this whole year and I'm along the way there've been so many people that have made me feel so special I'm gonna take this opportunity next month of special First I would like to thank my father's surgeon for taking me from those poor little eight cups things nice full speed I want to take my dad is just just in the idea and being the first one to tell me that yes, they do look real I want to get my manager for forging my mom's signature of the instant consent form and I want to thank you all for appreciating my music Okay, my boo Okay, thanks Okay, if the talk was pretty wonderful 60 WCOM this overhead keeps getting lower and lower and I keep cranking it up higher and higher and higher and it's just a piece of crap Now everything else in here. How's line A doing by the way? We checked that lately? Uh-oh Wait a minute It might just actually work Like voice work into line 1 So full So here's our update on our pull question. They on neoranges.com that's any iLROG ERS all on word.com And we'd like to get at least a thousand votes on this by tomorrow Question they should then marino retire 112 so far that's 55.4 percent sign with a Vikings 57 at 33.1 percent a third and Planned other year with the dolphins only 22 10.8 percent And I guess the reason that it's that low is probably because there most people out there realize and they're going to happen It's quite a what Eddie Jones says that often zero again as usual Just like they told us that down she will be tired Right right Wayne and you know Wayne would never lie to us Here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale hello Hello Neil yes sir Neil I'll tell you I think we ought to take all these first of all all these bus drivers I'd like what do you think the percentage of them that got the job through a permanent election was 100 So I think what are you looking about you asked me I'm giving you serious answer I know you're groaning and I've dealt with a lot of state agencies I mean you know I'm the car business I go to state agencies everyday to get license plates and everything and these people Don't even want to work when you go there. Yeah, I think we should take the buses We had another 300 today George tells me was on a local news just another 300 away up there to tell a half-year Under busmen's journey up there. So sing a song to dance for the governor and meanwhile So we got a whole bunch more kids that are stranded in the middle of nowhere That's ridiculous. I think we should we should have all the Catholic people that took off today to get their asses I think they're going to be a little bit more of a lot of people There you go. There's a national idea the only problem with that is don't let the priest do it Feel the buses up never see those kids again I bet you know if you preach we should fill up the buses full of full of the affirmative action people and run over Dan Arena Okay, whatever you say anybody know what he said no five six seven five sixty pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless lines So you get into real trouble when you start with a comedy stuff there when you try to be through a little sit down comedy And you start just rambling on singing coherent crap. You can you could like smelling can't just smell it Huh, here's the mobile in four lotterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm a black person who spoke to you for about issues I'm not from down here, so if it's a different ball game down here because I'm from Chicago. Oh, that's all different story Yeah, it is actually people all jammed out there in a home wooden cissero Well, I know about I'm from Chicago. I know about homework and I'm self-employed I make over $100,000 a year. There you go. And but there's one thing about is that not be brought in the issue I know that young black guy who was in there before he began when over board with his outlook on it With his racist. Yeah, that's not the real issue. The real issue here is that The first thing Bill arrives here that everybody was a citizen and it's a country at the right of vote But it took a minimum of $100. 80. There's in the bill arrives that everybody who's a citizen's got a right to vote Right right right right right. What does it say that? What does that mean? He's got to write it. You first of all, he had to be in mail and you had to own land. Only mail and all that. In the colonial day. But okay, then that has to be in the top of the figures and women couldn't vote. That's okay. And that is true. Now, did you ain't kind of caught in taking hold, man? Oh, yeah, well, I got to vote, but I know what you're trying to be. I can't. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. No. I need to get involved. It's not on the book. No, it's not on the book through and forth people. Because let's say that without the answer, they find out that after the answer, because there was 30 years The vote left. Okay, that all the builders decide to change whatever they want to in that 30 years. Because nothing was happening to stop them from doing it. And they didn't just hurt you in the fan. Now, that they have been not doing it right. So what have you done with the price of peas? What are we talking about? Okay, what I'm talking about is 30 years only, Bill. You want to try and people, all the people are complaining about the program exactly. I've 30 years old, because they're right to their left. It's been to a hundred of 80 years even to get along the books that equal a revenue tax. I'm 50 years old. I know what it was like. And let's give one thing straight this down state. And the 80s black people had to go on a beach with a car. Even the thing which wouldn't have to go on a beach with a car. I just repose to go back to that too long. But you know, when you only take it, I'm falling on a beach. You already got a good pan. You want to go back to the movies of 54 years to do an economy day. Let's say that everybody loves each other. They want to grow a bad amount of salary. People too. Now they have to come down and sweet forward like everybody else. So they can't back to that. So now they were here. Okay, wait a minute. Okay, that's all. It's kind of a barrier. Just screaming. I don't have time to deal with the answers like you. Okay, Bill. Screaming and holler and in care and on. You're a maniac. He's hysterical. Just like Connie and Godfather. He's hysterical. I think we need to look up. Brought you to take care of his problem. Naniah. 560, 750, 50, 160 on the 18 T. Wireless line. So another is what he said is it's okay that those Jews, those County Tinko Jews, alleged. All lost their jobs and got dropped out on Hollywood back in the 50s. Brilliant people, talented people. People let something to get important to contribute to society. That was okay. So then they could come back to that. What do ordinary folks in sweep the floor see? Sir, if that's all you're qualified to do is sweep the floor. The next problem is what you're going to be doing. Is sweep in the floor. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. I just wanted to. I'm a white American. I agree with the from their back. So. And. Hello. I'm listening. Okay. I don't know why you're being so racist today that normally. And I like this. But let me remind the racist to be against the from a direction. I'm for everybody getting a fair shake. A competing on equal footing. Who are you doing the hiring? Whoever whoever wants the businesses is doing the hiring. Okay. And who won't the majority of the business in America? Well, so what does that mean? You're telling me that until the day comes that my. That's the whole higher Chinese people. Who? Who hired? Let me ask you do we have affirmative action for the. The means refugees that came here. No, we don't for the Koreans. I don't know. No, the answer is no for the Chinese. You're still queer. Oh, okay. Great. And I'm sitting here making a lot of money and what about you pal. Lose your reward that comes to mind immediately. And I'm still queer and very happy about it. And you're out there losing swooping floors. Or maybe probably on a point since you got time to call the show. Funny to be for one at five, 60 W to Q amp. A lot of folks in New Jersey will soon do another. The resolution of inside life was affordable. Drey, spend the easel list is our guest today. Yo, Drago. What do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and. Worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence and your ability to catch a ball. I don't know what I've been told with a big, big woman. I got no soul. What's your take on over and under and under of the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told but a big, big, big woman. I got no. And what's your take on those rumors flying around that year, articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those NCI spots. And they say you're getting close to signing that contract. I don't know what I've been told with a big, big woman. I got no soul. Tell us more about your charitable work for under privileged children. Help them to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told about a big, big woman and got no soul. Hmm, we'll be back with more insight, my place for it. Well, 24, 5, 60, W to QM, affirmative action, the answer is no. Forget it. No, see, if you got an education if you're qualified, if you can compete, you're not worried. You're not paranoid about that. But if you're dumb, if you're uneducated, if you can just do sweep floors, see most people don't want to just sweep floors. They want to have a job that they're way under qualified for, just because somebody's making up for something that happened two, three, and a year ago, but it had absolutely nothing to do with them. And let me say it again, as they fat aging, you sag, I know all about discrimination, and I don't expect any special favors. Just the fonces and that works would be nice. How come, now they're more, they're all, they're all holding. None of them say anything. Here's a mobile and store, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have to disagree with one of the previous scholars that said, people who are pro affirmative action are just afraid to compete. I think that's true of some of them, but I think a lot of them are afraid they won't get the chance to compete. If there's not some other program, which I'd like for a pro, is right now, which would be affirmative fairness, which just means if it can be shown that you are qualified, or equally, or better qualified, but didn't get the job or the opportunity. Then how do you prove that? Well, I mean, it's difficult, obviously, but it's like taking the example of a state contract in Florida. Uh-huh. Yeah, Bush is new program. I guess, they'll take pay off for anybody. If you've got the money to bribe the people down here, especially in Dave County, they don't care what color you are. Well, I think that's probably true. That is right. That's not right. That's not right. I didn't say I was right. I'm just telling the way it works. That's the way businesses are done down here. Okay, well, okay. On affirmative action, I agree it has to be handed or a reverse discrimination is not the answer. But we do need to some way address when, like, for example, it's been shown in studies that, uh, Blacks or dark skin people are turned down for loans when they are adjusted. They have the same income and same qualification, the white person. I mean, that kind of thing needs to be addressed. All they need is equal opportunity, not, not a handout. And if we get some kind of program like that, I think, in time, you know, the prejudice will take care of itself and generations go on. Well, how many generations? Another hundred years, 200 years, 500 years. Well, I don't know how to make a take, but as long as you're just saying, you have to treat people fairly, not special treatment. That is correct. That's precisely correct. Right. And I said, in the same people that are screaming and hollowing right now with Governor Bush, if they were more concerned, see, how come those people are concerned about the education system and all about these school bus drivers that took off to go up there to be rabble rounds is last two days. How come they're not always screaming about how bad education is and how we have social promotion and about how, some of the young people blacks in particular, in particular, our, our advance from one grade to another when they can't even speak English properly, much less getting a meaningful education. We're the forewars of protest about that. Well, you're right. There should be. I think there's a lot of disparity around this issue because people are afraid that they won't, you know, obviously there's a significant percentage that aren't qualified aren't educated. All right. Let's, let's, let's, let's not all this complicated. Okay. Let me just spell it out for you. Somebody who's competing for a job right now, who's 25, 30 years old, whatever they might be, they're not willing to sit back and wait till some future generation maybe in a hundred years has the opportunity to get that job in the requalified. They only have one life to live like the soap opera says and they want to have the chance to live it now. Period. Simple as that. 560560, pound 560. On the AT&T wireless line out of town on his open 877, 7856345. All lines working. Oh. This hour. Wow. What a shot. Now next hour we can't vote for it. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, you never hear these dockies like the Reverend. Joss Mark. You're a sin or a shop. You shop and never talk about black on black crime. We're not talking about crime today, sir. My bigoted historical friend. We're not talking about crime today. Talk about affirmative action. But thank you. We don't have to worry about competing with the rocket scientists like you. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line 8777856345. You know, this show. I'm I'm telling even though it's entertainment show like I told the bulls will be for the education. Now you get here. We're staggering. It's amazing and get paid for it to get this education. How many morons there are for squaring shot there. Not just in this town, but just generally speaking in the world. And of course, this country, we're number one in that. We lead the world in morons per square inch. We specialize at it. You know, another word that I'm getting really sick and tired that's coming just like the generation exes. All these cliches. The media comes up with these categories. The new fantasy, fancy word is retro. Everything is retro. I saw an article in the paper the other day that made me want to vomit right on the page about how they return to the quiz shows. And the reason for their popularity is partly retro. A movement in America today. We want to turn the clock back and go back to a simpler, Comer more peaceful time when a quiz shows a word. Has nothing to do with that. Has to do with one word, which is even the name of one of those shows. Greed. That's what it has to do with. That's what it's all about. Greed. Retro my fat ass. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I have a lot of friends that say that the back people in this country with met all during segregation. For the simple fact that it was educated by by black teachers that wanted to teach them. And it was those who did go to school were educated by people who wanted to learn. That's not the truth nowadays. Not a thing. The kid that goes to Edison is not getting the same education as the kid that goes to trouble. And it's not the truth. And that's the truth. Yeah. Now, if you fix that education problem. And I would say this to you, sir. Also as a result of affirmative action, we have a lot of black principles and teachers who can't speak English themselves and have no business. That's the self-fulfill and profit. Right. Right. But the fact that the matter, my friend of action was created because educated people were not being given the opportunity. Now you have uneducated people because the system has been corrupted. That are getting opportunities. And that's not going to change. If you continue to promote teachers, they can't pass this test that government pushed one and one. Once they're doing this to pass, the teacher is starting to teach these children to speak properly, to be able to communicate, to be able to compete. The Jewish people, I thought, did the best thing. Every place they went, they've established their own schools and taught their own children. Where is this? Where did Jews have other than Hebrew schools, which most Jewish kids don't go to? Where did they established their own schools in this country? What are you talking about? Let's talk about it. There's an off-marnie beast as a Jewish school. All right. Let me ask you, seriously. What percentage off the top of your head? What percentage of Jewish kids in this town? Do you think go to Jewish schools? The ones with the money, a large percentage, over 100%. Over 100%. Okay. George, did you write that down? Over 100%. No, I'm serious. I want to leave a little dead there. So that can penetrate all of your minds because I was never aware of that. And we have to take a poll on this one day. You a good poll question? Over 100%. Of all Jewish kids, from families with money, go to Jewish schools because Jews are started their own schools and you can't their own kids. Do you that news to me? I went to Brighton Elementary School and Rochester, New York. I had a lot of Jews in that school and it wasn't it was in the Jewish school? No. No, we had plenty of glue. And then I went to Canada, they were academy and Canada, they were in your high school. And we didn't have a lot of Jewish kids in there because they're a lot of tentabers Jews in the whole town. Unless did I go to a Jewish school? No. And look what a genius I turned out to be. Take a look at me. If you got a strong stomach. Over 100%. What's there to say at this point? Well, how much over? I say go home. That's what I say. Go home. Let's get out of here. Let's talk to our good close personal friend that we have in here from a very long time. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, hi, Neil. I'm calling in from Durham, North Carolina. I'm listening to the internet. And I've got this. I noticed you're talking about affirmative action. And I've got this item that came off the internet. Something about Al Gore, in a meeting at the White House of Distendment Ward, Connelly, who's written a book called Creating Equal. My flight against race preferences. And he just a little interesting story here about his meeting with Clinton Gore. I was going to fax it to you. I'll get a couple of paragraphs. But basically, it's titled Gore's squeeze plane. And it tells about this weird hand shake that Al Gore, he says, I'll go grab my hand. But instead of shaking, and he grounded my palm and fingers and his grip, it's hard to see. I thought the cardlets come present almost cried out. Okay, great. Well, that's good to have. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. It's the secret hand shake. Maybe he's a Mason. Yeah, he gave one of these with the middle finger there on the palm of the hand. Is that what she's talking about? Oh, yeah, I think so. She was from North Carolina, during the last. Your favorite state, Durham, North, that's NORF. That's NORF. That's Keralina. Next to Montana. Joe. 1877-775-6345 is our number on the Durham North Keralina line. He's got the secret hand shake. He was squeezing the cartilage out of his bone. I got a line for that, but I'll wait till I see J.P. later on. Here's the mobile and cool for a city. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I think everyone should read the chapter of the diagnostic in the alcoholics and out of this book. The what? The chapter to the agnostic in the alcoholics book. Yeah. A.A. book. And that's all. What does that mean? Oh, there's too many alcoholics in this book. Okay, great. 560-560-560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. What did the guy say? That's what it sounded like to me. Here's a mobile and pepper pine, until over 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Have you absorbed that yet? Has it penetrated your skull? You better get with it, man. Oh, well, I know he was doing this. It's a medical thing. All 400%. I guess there's some people, you know, faking to be Jewish or something. Anyway, there's a lot of schools that are disguising the fact that there are other Jewish schools. There you go. Neil, quick point about a sperm reaction. A firefighter student to be off to the great specific Northwest. Yes, sir. Metro Miami-Dade. The scary part about sperm reaction. We got guys coming in here. A paramedics, supposed to be saving people's lives. They are cool. And sit around the firehouse in bitch and moan about how they should be getting paid more. I'm not saying every single one of us. Got blanked statement. No, I'll be asking this more than 100%. Probably about 60%, 70%, 60%. The affirmative action hires. It's scary. It is scary. These people are so... And they're being covered. You cannot get rid of them. Right. And they're supposed to be out saving lives. Well, there are in fact many of these people they like. They're one I was talking about before. They dare you. They're so arrogant. And I'm not just about they dare you. You just try to get rid of me. I'll drag your ass into court so fast. You know what? What hit you? The cockiness is unbelievable. But I just want to make that point when they're off into poor section of town. And it's your mother that's trying to go and get going down from a heart attack. And you guys can't even start an IV. Good luck. Okay. There's your affirmative action. Good day, sir. Good luck, pal. He's hostile. He's psychotic. Isn't he? Huh? And rightfully so. Out of town line is weight nine. Like in four miles over there. They don't like the dark folks over there too much in four miles. No. They have affirmative action for their sheep though over there. I do think. 877, 785, 6345 or run the West Coast where the bees leaves are. You get effective. You roll down your window. I know they're in April. But even in Fort Myers because it kind of like goes down when. Yeah. You can smell it. That's the beeslears. No. You can do it. Yeah. My. I'm going to be. Oh boy. It's the one to two hours. I'm feeling free. So daddy's a sea. Mumbling high. So. I'm going to swim with those private floors. Three. He's looking me over to see me. Where my head started. And a sea. That's sweet. A boy. She's looking at me. But you know, we're snacking. Where my husband is. He's going. When my mother's the boy, she needs to take the idea. Yeah. You're not. You're not. Mommy has to do her job. You're going to be. But I'll go. But he was. That's the key. It's mommy. It's lucky. I've been someone home. I sleep on the fly. I see a brother. I'll see you never. And where my. 34. Oh man. 102 or five 60 WCM. So this crazy woman. I just called her to want to go from North Carolina. Guess where this is from. She's presented me the facts. Duke law University tower. It's from. Duke University. She's probably a professor or something. Or a library person. So she sent me the fact. And she neglected to tell us on the era. Of course, maybe she thinks maybe the ice. I said is going. So I won't see where this article is from. The National Review. That right wing. Alter right wing. And then the black piece of crap. About how Al Gore grabbed this black guy's hand. Instead of shaking ground my palm and fingers in his grip as hard as he could. And he ought to get the Judas hand squeeze. He puts on a lady. You need some metal help soon. Seriously. Crazy person. And take the buckley with you. By the way. Take him in a church. Maybe you can save an altar boy. Here's a fact that makes a very good point. It says a 360 bus driver's called in six today to be at the protest. They're just the fraughting the county. The police are using the 40 employees paid by our tax dollars. Are using six time fraudulently time card fraud is a dismissal of offense. Excellent point. In addition to which you seem to really frost my asses. Those people know how many substitute drivers there are. So they knew ahead of time that there wouldn't be enough substitute drivers to get all the kids tool in from the school. And it take care of them in time for the exam. In time to make sure they get home safe. And all the other things that these kids are entrusted to see. This is what this is not some kind of a horse ball job. You're entrusting the safety of your children to these people. Most of them couldn't drive their finger up their ass because I see them all the time. I got to run on my corner there right at my house. Is a bus stop for like three or four days at least two or four different groups of kids different schools. So the buses are all over my street. See them all the time every day. Count are on the highway. And what passes for a driver. Of course, why should they be a different from all the other drivers down here. But you think that they'd have to be. Are they better? No, they're worse. Interesting. The safety of your children. But hey, we can't be bothered with this through them. We got our own agenda to take care of here. So that a bunch of other incompetent people can start driving your kids around too. After we're all done. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes sir. Can you have time for a sparring for before? More no firm reduction? About one. With a two in the morning on the other station. They stole first time long time. Now they're stealing your screamless. Okay, great. Hey, can you get in? Hey, steal a brain like Frankenstein did that. You know, Dr. Frankenstein, he stole a brain. It was a very good one. But I think in your case. Couldn't hurt. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, I know. I'm just affirmative action. The whole point that I think that a lot of people are missing is that. They think it should be equal for all. Well, with or without affirmative action, it isn't equal for all. And, you know, I don't particularly like affirmative action either. But I don't believe that if it's gone, it's going to. That's going to make anything any better because there are still places in this country that I can't live. There are still places. For example, take that call that I call before. He said that day that's a black for a fake to compete. And then later on, it is, St. McKee says that without getting into stereotype, some are just worshiped and amazing. Imagine that's the guy that's going to interview me. And get out of here. I'm just watching CNN here. I'm going to go and I told George, they had representative Shirley Jackson Lee from Texas on there. Remember Congress who happened to be black was one of my very favorite. She's a Democratic Congress. I'm going to bring it woman and very articulate woman. Now, how did she get there? And I believe we hope there are always people that there are people that will always succeed. And I myself am successful. Yeah. Or what I'm saying to you is that that is not the majority. I can't get to play. I'm sorry, I'll show you. There are places that I can go by a house and live in some very nice neighborhoods and then there are others that I can't. So for everyone of us that may have made it, there's no one that's being turned away. You know, for every, you know, I see another call that's all that's tell you about about how the people that they do hire are there. They do hire are lazy or they can't start an IV, you know. Parameters. You were talking about permanent. But see, that's a normal thing. You think you were just making it enough because he's a bigots? No, but why did that? Why did he say it? Well, because this is the thing. Another thing I think people are trapped in. They believe that the only people trying to get these jobs are unqualified black people. And that's not true. This whole thing started because qualified black people couldn't get jobs. Yeah, I want to about qualified white people, or aren't you in the jobs because unqualified black people are getting them. What about them? Over the black. That's the whole thing. And none of this is if you're hiring the best person to begin with, then we don't have to worry about it. But the fact is that you're not hiring that person. And you know something affirmative action is made that a thousand times worse. That's the problem. That's correct. But I think that much worse. Much worse. I agree to certain extent. I don't think it's a better. It's not even a debatable point. It's a fact. I mean, it's well documented. The fact that we've had affirmative action means that all sorts of people who are glaringly unqualified are in positions. And many of them like sensitive positions like paramedics, we're human life is its stake. Nurses and hospitals all kinds of jobs that they're eminently unqualified to do. But I'm not calling to the stand of the permanent. Well, what you're saying. What I'm trying to say is that it's not enough to criticize. I'm not going to give you an education is what I'm saying. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about lazy shiflers. What you keep referring to. Whoever they are. My point is that it has to be fair for real. And I think another call I'll say that they need a system to justify fairness. I agree. I mean, just like what they would think. I worked for companies that when the management's took over. They'd be under fire people. And amazingly enough. It was all blasted. It was all blasted. All. All blasted. All blasted. We have to take them to court. And we want a big settlement from them. And they have a shitholic company. Yeah. It's that should have never happened. The guy should have realized that he had. I had. It's qualified people. You know, that's the whole point that that there are people who are qualified. Who do they do look for jobs and just don't get them. And that's the problem. I mean, look, there's a thing that's hard. Jimmy Carter said it when I look in the mirror. I'm well aware of it. Life isn't fair, sir. It isn't always fair. You got to do the best you can. I'll look at it and make a glaciest on the video there. And then I look in the mirror and I say, life isn't fair. But I do the best I can. And so far not too bad. Even if after one is five 60 WQA. Oh, my God. When you passed away from the house of someone, He just said, But where did you come from This page "...to the stars, with desire and fluff of love ... to movies. I hear that sort of road, great white way. I want more, starting to keep from the street vendors who sell those potato things. Look, A.T.M.H.R.R. Break-rap stores. I like arson stores. What bar? One of the bars. I want all of you, y'all. I love the bar, please. I like it. I like it. I like it. One 14 at 5. I see the NHL players are trying to get even out of the NFL and baseball and other of the sports. As far as come back as a concern. First of all, you got Martin McSurley, who got criminal charges for his bashing of Donald Brassure in that game. The event, Cooper, of come up with criminal charges, and he's going to let's see. Doesn't have to appear in court for his April 4th hearing. He'll play this in, he could face the maximum of 18 months in jail. Now, police use Mace to subdue Belfor. Now, let's start with Goli. He had Valfor was arrested early when they in charge of the assault and resisting arrest after a scuffle with a security guard. Nuffscale hotel and arrest her on complex. The 34 year old gold tender was detained following the apparent attack on the employee at the mansion. A turtle creek hotel. A police reports that officers had a spray. The two-time visit and trophy winner with Mace to get him to release the guard from a headlock. Belfor was booked out of Mr. Meaner charges and released in $500 bail. Said Ed Spencer's wife and the Dallas County Sheriff's Office. Starts the general manager Bob Gini issued the following statement. The start takes a matter involving Ed Belfor. Seriously, an express concern for everyone involved, but he never stole a freight train or something like that. And it goes on and on. There you go. Let's get a few scumbags in hockey too. What do you say? Let's not leave it all to the NFL. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. And the out of town line, 877. See, I don't understand. I mean, it's great killing a lot of good time. And I'm sure this conversation will go on. Everybody get what's up to a friend's you about it. There's nothing complicated about it. You do the best to get in education. You go out there and compete on your skills. And yeah, there are going to be people who try to discriminate against you. But Black Shark, the only man who already group that have been discriminated against in this country. And are the only ones who ever will be. Education. You go out there and you compete. You kill them with the ability is what you do. All these guys in the NFL, all the dark, complicated guys. They're not getting hired because they're Black. They get hired because they can because they have athletic ability. So guess what if they had if they had ability to be doctors to be lawyers to be journalists, to be whatever hell they are, they'd be getting those jobs. And yeah, they got a tougher fight, but so do a lot of the rest of us. Here's a little Joey. Who, by the way, is another drug peddler? Well, let's get back to the affirmative action. How's your lovely wife doing? That's what I was about to talk to you about. She's doing great. She sends you her regards. But in the Daytona Public School System, the interesting story in the school that she works at, we're not going to name names. There is way teachers are getting out of being transferred or put in positions that they don't want to. And this is a school where there's probably less than half a percent if that of any Black students. Now, this isn't one of those Jewish schools. No, no, this is a Daytona Public School. I'm interested in checking. And the way the teachers are doing it and people do it all throughout the system is that they put down themselves as being Black on their applications or on their records. So that they passed a fill a certain quota of that you need certain minorities in positions. And in her school, there's probably about 35 teachers who are wider than snow, who are Black ethnicity on their applications and they cannot be moved and can't be touched. And if you look through the snow, look at the best fraud. I'm sorry. That's fraud. That's fraud. They get away with the home and they go back and when they hear their little colleagues doing that, they go back and they go into the records and change from Hispanic or whatever they are to Black. And once that happens, that's it. They're pretty much like entrenched in anything when they're positioned and there's going to have to be an act of God to remove them from that. That's the who kind of tenure I guess. So they pretty much secure their own jobs by going ahead and saying that they're Black. But it's amazing. The things that people do. And then they complain about, you know, I mean, it's mind boggling. That's all for this getting rid of this from their back. And they do the same thing because if you look at, if you look at Miami, let's say Miami General, the population, you would think that if you go by the the employment and the different categories and ethnicity that you have, they would say that there's about 65% right now who are registered as Black employees and that's not a reflection of our community. I mean, maybe in Detroit or something, but not in Miami. Well, you better check again, man. Are we producing pretty fast, join? I just thought I'd share that link. Good luck. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 1 control. Can we go to say that again on birth control? Come on. Say it again. Say it with me. Birth control. Stop thinking so many babies. Birth control. See, this is where you got all these people like to poke and all these other new animals, all of that, of course, a lack of education. This makes for lots of babies. It's tragic. Some people make it more dumb people. There's only so many, there's so much room for the studio audience, a Jerry Springer and Jenny Jones and more in all our shows. There's only so many, you see, to the studio audience. Only so many is spot in the NBA. Dumb, dumb people make in too many babies. Poor people make in too many babies. Crack babies. It's pathetic. So you can say queer and fag and all of the stuff. Can't play less for making all those babies. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay. Okay. Listen, when you were talking about, well, let me read it a little bit on this right now. But nevertheless, what people are trying to say is when they put a, when they want to take out affirmative action, you have to put a number system in place at the moment. If you pull it out right now. If you pull it out right now, you don't believe people hanging. If people are right now, it might be hanging. So, you know, what are we, what are we supposed to do about that? We gotta get a situation. What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What is that mean? Well, you can pull up the affirmative action and all of a sudden, you know, people are going to stop firing people and, you know, these these black people are going to be fired. Well, let me ask you something. How many black people who have jobs right now who are qualified to do a job or doing a good job? You really think that a lot of those people are going to lose their jobs. Unfortunately, yes, I do. People are doing a job or doing a good job. Realistically, I don't have a job of them. No, I have a majority of them. More than 100%. Well, no, I'm not going to go that far. And another thing, you know, when people go for applications, you say that they're, that are gaze are discriminated against. Of course. But, you know, you can change a name and a gay can make believe that he's not gay, but you can't change a color. I mean, when you go up there and go face the face to a person out there, you can change a color. You can change a name. You can say I'm not Jewish. I got news for there. Many, there are first of all, there are many Jews who have mannerisms that make it very obvious that they're Jewish. There are many gay people, as you know, who are not the majority, but there are many gay people, men who have very feminine mannerisms or women who are very, very rich. Who are obvious, who don't need to put it down, they can't hide it. All right, that's all I want to say. Okay, never break it. See, this, this, this, this about we can't change it, we can't change it. You know, something, we can argue that for the rest of the time. It doesn't make any difference. You've got to get a brain. You've got to be able to go out there and compete. You could argue with me from now until they stick me in a goddamn box. It isn't going to make any difference. This isn't rocket science. You want me to hurry you to do a job if you can do it. And of course, if you're young and good looking out higher, see now there's another whole thing. How about how about ugly people? I guarantee you that a hell of a lot more ugly people fail to get a job that they're qualified for than blacks or Jews or anybody else. You're going to hire women. You bet you're sweet as they're going to hire some hot looking bitch that comes in for that job. That's right. That's what George says. Oh, no ugly bitch coming here and be my intern. There you go. Just like me. If I got like three guys, if George likes to take off the mar with a North Carolina to open up a dude ranch or whatever, I love when you're on with George calling. I was a joke on him. Do it on the air. I love that. I get goosebumps. But it anyway. Go seriously. If George should leave tomorrow, get run over by a Mac truck. God forbid, whatever. And I got like 10 guys coming here to replace him. Am I going to hire the young guy that looks the best? That may not be qualified. You bet. Well, now you're laughing. But I'm being honest with you. I'm going to hire somebody who's going to look at in there every day. I mean, if he can't do the job at all, I'll just die on them all. I hire somebody else and just leave them sitting here. Just leave them sit there to look at. That's right. You can kind of a job on the side. You're holding this piece of paper on his side. I mean, there are all kinds of reasons why people get I mean, life isn't fair. Even at goodly too shoes. So a sin in his heart. Jimmy Carter said that life isn't fair. Most of you people out there like I said, just take a look at the mirror right now. And you'll agree with me. Life isn't fair. It's a bitch. But you do the best you can. Here's my me Lake. So long. Hi. I know first time call it. Yes, sir. I want to agree with you almost that you're saying about it from an abaction. For me, if I'm properly viewed a whole because I am a young black man. Yes, sir. But I think that you like you say you have all your books. I was going up to Dallas, and I think if my people personally was with spend more time educating our children. And I have the book. I was here taking the kids with cool to give the education that they need. Right. We will have a lot of problems that we have. And as far as the affirmative action, I think that I'm, well, I want to touch back on what I wouldn't call it the earlier about a like being substituted. I think that we should have gotten some kind of substitutions. But the fact is that we aren't going to get it. So we need to pay for reality. And reality is that we need to get the education and get that get out there and compete. And it's that's all I want to say about it. Thanks. There you go. I mean, he's he gets it. The harsh reality of the real cruel world. Okay. No more handouts. No more coddling. No more pampering. No more a whimpering. You have to find a place to start right now as a good as time as any. And you wait and see when we win one for more and other. If that affirmative action thing does wind up getting on the ballot, it would be no contest. Overwhelming. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Hailea. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hello, tangent. I'm going to go with Florida one and the governor. Yeah. I'm going to leave the issue aside whether it's affirmative action or whatever it is. What do you think about executive order? I mean, he's set a precedent now. What's he going to do next? He's going to sell our waters in some company in Texas, which was published in the Harold. You know, I'm really obscured about that. I don't like executive orders. Yeah. And I don't like here here, Penny. I don't know. What does that have to do with this? He has everything to do with it because he did it by executive order. He did what by executive order. His one Florida. Yeah. Right. He did it all by himself. And then the paper is quoted. He's saying, I know what is best for all Floridians. Yeah. He's a dictator. He's a fascist. We know that. But what's the kind of thing next? If we let him, this is a precedent. What is he going to do next? I would worry about what he's going to do next because he's going to try to make a chance to get re-elected right now. So just hold on tight. He's already dug his own grave with this. He's out. He's done. He's done like his brothers. Stick a fork at him. They're both done. I hope you're right now. Okay. Thanks. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. You see, it really doesn't just have to do with jab bush and one Florida and all of a sudden. It has to do with it. It is affirmative action, which is the reason that he came up with it in the first place to try to defend off this other guy who wants to get it on a ballot, which it should be on a ballot. Let's do public vote. Everybody has the one vote. Go out there and vote on it. You want to continue with an insane failed policy or do you want to go back to what makes sense? And that is giving people an education, giving them jobs, giving them letting them compete. Is it always going to work? No. But affirmative action doesn't work. Period. It doesn't work at all. It demeans and lessons. The quality of life. What there he goes when I depthed out of one of those cold phrases quality of life. Those comedy-pink or liberal fangs. Yeah, that's right. Quality of life. Right. When you get real nervous when they hear the expression quality of life. Perhaps, of course, they have that. Just keep making babies. 26 after one at 560. WQAM. We got your sports right here. Sports radio, 560, QAM. Kiki Hoover, out the moon, mine. Getting ahead started learning as very important for your child. No matter what language your school system recognizes. Perhaps repeat after me. A.E.I.O. here. And if your school system endorses black English, then getting that head start means getting hooked on ebonics. Perhaps repeat after me. A.E.I.O. Yo. Hooked on ebonics teaches your child the intricacies of this new language through direct comparison with regular English. To ask listen. Perhaps you have a cookie code. Now try it any bonics. So give it a damn cookie. It's very good to me. Looked on ebonics is the Learned Home Language System that will have your bright young free school. They're talking like a violent gang member in just six short weeks. You learn the double-negative. I know. The excess plural. Yeah, we go. That's too heavy. And the proper way to pose an inquiry. Yeah, let me actually question you. Hooked on ebonics. Order today. And by the time your child is ready for school. Make going to no dance. He'll be ready to drop out. That's our guarantee. Hooked on ebonics. Listen, ebonics is not in doors height. I'm right. I want 31 and 560 WC away. And there's that George. We're doubling on here on CNN. And it's going to be compelling message for four. Oh, man. McCain, by the way, is dropping out to our case. You missed it earlier. Bradley's already dropping out today. It's boring. And boring. Bora Bora. Flushing, Gore. Maybe that's what you got. That's what everybody thought they were going to get. That's what they got. Flushing Gore. See, the one thing Gore's got going is that he seems to, you know, pick his opponents very well. He ran against Bradley. He was even more boring than he was. And I was running against this guy who just a look at him. Man, oh, man. He is dangerous. Dangerous. George E. W. One of what he's got up his nose. Here's, oh, that, what the hell is that? Back's machine is just a high-profile lady in screaming back there. What's going on with that thing? You ever hear that before? No. This guy is this thing. He keeps sending back these. One after another. These. Which on the very first one, it said the word the hardest crap is colored from JM contract contractors. Inc. JM contractors. Stop sending us facts in the screen of our facts machine. You jackass. What he's black lines on it. Looks like some of the universal pricing code crap about the numbers. Here's some rise. Hello. Yes, sir. When you say that there's not these outpouring of the two types of time they quote us. Maybe there's not that one of these two types of time they take quote us like the black people are. Maybe there's not that much prejudice and towards you as you believe it. Maybe there's some reason why I don't they don't form groups of these black people do. There's not prejudice against you as you. Maybe there's that as much. Maybe there's that. What kind of world are you living in? Maybe there's that much. Uh-huh. And anyways, why aren't they complaining if there is? Why aren't they one of the complaints? Why aren't who complaining? Like the black people? Why isn't who complaining? The Jewish people and the other people? If I'm instead of complaining, you're not going to do something. That's why that's why they're not in that shade today. You go out and you do something instead of complaining about it. You go out and you get an education and you put everybody else in their place and you show how much brighter you are than them. You're eating shat wren on. Why don't we eat and goddamn Kentucky fried? Okay, that's a difference. There isn't that discrimination against Jews. Oh, man. That's what Hitler kept trying to say. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's what myers, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I wanted to give you a call this the first time I've called you since you've had the toll free line. So I thought I'd spend a little bit of the beeslead money. Okay. Here's a affirmative action over here. I had to go get a new driver's license the other day. It was my birthday. So I weighed in line and I sit down and here's this lady in a real old lady's in the next turn. They call this lady up to get her picture. I find out she's 90, two years old. All right. They take her in front of the little screen to take her picture and she couldn't figure out where to stand in the screen. The lady had to come from the other side. Position her to get her picture. Right. Proper up. So the bottom line is, you know, with percentage of old people over here get their drivers license. 99. Over 100%. Over 100. I would think, yeah. I would talk to you a longer, but I got to 10 to my sheep. Okay. There you go. Good call from four myers. He's on top of it and the sheep too. What is that number eight to see? I don't know what it is. 877-785 Neil. 877-785-6345. An impossible number. Here's a lady in North Bay Village, yellow. Hello. Yes, man. Another comment on Bush and his affirmative action. Bush knows that his constituency. Yes. The bilingual Spanish. Yes. They knew. Oh, and that's what you're at. Hold on. Hold on. We just had another hair punch around before you drop her. She. Well, I'm a sheep. Six. Are you still there? Hello? Now she's gone. We just had another magic trick on a few am phone. She was on six and all of a sudden we went to the guy on the line eight who just came on spontaneously by itself. Now the new phone system has arrived. It came in three boxes down there. So Bluffland, he was telling us. And hopefully our engineer who is basically on a bus mentality, most of his life, maybe he'll actually show up here and get the going on it. Since this phone system is right on the verge of going by by. Okay. You were saying, wait a minute. What line is he on? He's on eight. Hello. There he is. All right. Affirmative action. I feel a lot of black people feel there entitled to certain benefits. And everyone should be basically, you know, he should be based on your qualifications alone. Yes. I'm in law enforcement here in South Miami and the bottom line is that every time I stop a black person, I have probably cost the stop. Okay. But if you put a zapping. Probably cause means that I have a reason such as, you know, If you have any stuff, anybody you mean exactly. Black or white, yes. Black or white, it doesn't matter, but the first words that come out of every single one of them, you know, you stop me because I'm black. No, more than 100% say that. Yes. 100% say that. Okay. And I said, no, I couldn't even tell it to be a black of a year, 10th or so dark. Right. No one. Number two, you were doing 80 on a 40. Right. You know, so what's the big deal? And they're like, well, you stop me because I'm black. I'm going to make a complaint on you because you're racist. Huh. And I like, and every time there are a lot of black officers who are not qualified, who can write a report. But they got to job. They become supervisors. Why? Well, I wonder why. They're not qualified to have half the time that I have been through the department. I work twice as hard of them. I have twice the staff to ever make yet the job. You know, send all those fortune monkeys back to Africa for them, concerned. Okay. 560560, found by 60. On the, he said, let him hang out in the porch for a while. Does that what he said? That's what he said. Sounds like that to me. Uh-huh. Something like that. Out of town line 877756345. We're the bomb. Sports radio 5602AL. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. Yeah. There we go. Hey, y'all. My name is France. You jeans, Thomas. Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people who's out there to think just because I've moved a little marijuana when I was in college. And it wasn't as if I didn't enjoy. Yeah, maybe it's the guy's out of your eye. And all the way up. They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got the money. That's what this quick can get out of here. I want to fix your straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There you are. I'll be talking. And I'll talk it to the East. And I'll talk it to the West. And I'll talk it by the look up San Adale, kind of as best. I'll be talking. That's so bad one, y'all. All right. 143 at 560WQM. We got Hank coming up at Shrewl State 2 at 2 o'clock. The Bush roots at 680K. Rams with GA 10 o'clock tonight. If you open lines here for you, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line, it's interesting to me. By the way, all these people, I would say 95, maybe more than 100% of the people call them today. I want to argue with me a firm intervention pro and con. Y'all, y'all, y'all. And at the meantime, the thing about their kids that've been left stranded the last two days out of school, nobody cares about that. That's okay. On you kids out there, we do have plenty of kids who listen to this show. We'll play hokey and whatever they do. On you kids, if you'll real sorry for you, living in a goddamn place like this, where nobody gives a crap about two people, it's very, very sad. They talk a good game, but today we need care. No, not enough. They don't care enough to send their very best. They ought to be up at arms that to be foaming it them out. The only thing you get foaming it them out on this town is hate. That's really what this is all about. You know, like the last guy to call them out the porch monkeys, that's what it really boils down to. It's either with a cubins or the shpartures or the Jews or the facts. That's really what it's all about on this town. Which group hates you the most? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes it is. Hey, I'm upset with the perception that right people, are the only ones that violate the civil rights laws. Up in Pittsburgh, just outside Pittsburgh, we have a guy quoted by a black woman that killed our kinds of white people. And the politicians are pandering when doing what his motive was for the killings. He's every problem with the motive was. Yeah. He wanted to kill white people. And you know, like the blacks, they don't hate. You know, it's just the white state. Sure. People are people, okay? Everybody hates everybody has prejudice and have a nice day. Okay. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Where the sign this is what this is. What happens when everybody's going to have labels. And I realize that people like yellow people like Asians or is the John McCain calls him Gooks or a black people with different skin color. They can't hide it. This is true. But everybody has to they have to be an African American. A cubin American, a Portuguese American, whatever it is, it's pathetic. Religious labels, all kinds of other artificial labels. I'm a generation exer. I'm a baby boomer. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, he's an asshole. That's all. Whatever label is. And this is why it is all the hate in the killing in the world. I do trace 99. I'd say probably more than a hundred percent of it. To all the goddamn labels. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Hi, New York. Yes, sir. Yeah. How are you? All right. Okay. I'm going to take you by the end of the show. I'll be 200 percent right. Sure. Sure. I'm going to be no problem with the things a marches like the ones held in Tallahassee. Those 10,000 people had gone to work yesterday and had been productive. That would have been affirmative action. It would have been affirmative and action. Both. Yeah. The problem is then what would people like Jesse Jackson that's come back that only shows up at strikes and at places where he doesn't have to work. Right. Places where he can be an opportunist and raise money. Exactly. Exactly. And then he can write a book because he wrote a book about money. You think that guy that's always talking, you know, bad about money and how I choose make money and how they do this and how they do that. And then he goes around he says, you know, I mean, and the problem is. Oh, yeah, but he just made up now. He's big and highly talented. Yeah. Yeah. And then he goes to talk to, I mean, I really can understand how Jews would listen to. I think listen to Jews. I think you have a point that Jews have a jury follow coming to them a few years ago when he was real big. You know, before you fell into the, I tell Tubby trap. But, you know, I mean, that's a very sad thing about Jews. Every group has got their weaknesses and Jews anybody that pretends to suck up to the nullism. The thing is, you know, like you said many times. So it's always going to be racist and this is always going to be somebody that doesn't like you because you're sure you're too far to almost sex. Right. You're too, too heterosexual, whatever the hell you might be. Right. You can just get it. Go out there and do get up in the morning and go to work. Correct. Go to school and do the best to get in. Do the best to get in. Exactly. Okay. And by the end of the show, I want you to be 200 percent. I was 400 already. I just checked it 400 percent. I have a great focus. God bless you. I'd say at least 300 percent of all you Jews out there. Eat the home and touch. Now, did we get any calls about that, by the way? March 21st, the Odessa, right? It's a waste of the days only the eighth. I guarantee you that our good friends at pastry lane bakery, they'll come true for us again this year with the real home and touch. The warm good ones on forum. Even the glam can enjoy forum. See, that's one thing about Jewish holidays, most of them set around food. So even glam can really enjoy the good stuff. I mean, go into a deli, like in Detroit. Any white people knows deli? No. Maybe one or two. I'd say 140 percent of the people in deli's need to it. And this is way back when I lived there 30 years ago. 300 percent of the people in there were like dark. Because are there any white people left in Detroit? No. No. So somebody's got a frequent need that good corn beef and stuff. Might as well be the dark folks. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Mobile in sunrise. Sounds real long going to me. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm great. I'm going to show you a show. And I've got a point. I'm related issue that I think should be aired. Yes, sir. We've got a situation. You know, a while back, the state just recently. Stop selling our driver license information to these listeners. You know, that usually call around the time you're eating. Right. Now, what I find so crazy about this is you've got to call. You think to get these things listed off your back, you got to call. Get the address for tele-happy. Send them 10 bucks to the Department of Agriculture to get them off your back. Now, that's almost extortion in a form of extortion, yes. You know, it's like paying the phone company to have an unlisted number, not to list your phone number. Yeah, exactly. But at least this same state, the sole information to these guys to enable them to call you. And yet, now they're asking you to attend dollars to get them off your back. That's the kind of state you live in. Yeah, this squeeze me on both ends. Absolutely. Great show and take care. Thanks. Yeah, you know, that's that's another thing that, and I realize there's that number you can call up there, which is what he's talking about. But the problem is that if it's a company and that's where all of my calls come from. He's got them solicitor calls. You people that do those soliciting calls. I got news for you. I got some affirmative action for you. That's for you. It's absolutely unacceptable. But to law here in Florida being the horseball state that it is. If it's a company like city bank or American Express that you have an account with the credit card, whatever, they can't do that. They can't prevent them from calling you with these stupid pennies. The solicitor solicitation call. There has to be a law. There must be a law because your home is supposed to be your castle and this is full credit. The idea that they can keep buggy. I get calls on a weekend. I get calls eight nine o'clock at night. And of course, they can't pronounce my real. Mr. and as soon as I realize that somebody that can't pronounce my real name, I realize it's not anybody that knows me. Well, I'm sorry he's not here now. Call back in 10 years. Click. It's unacceptable. It's harassment. It's legalized harassment. I don't know whatever you're pedally. Send me something in the mail about it. You're already. If it's somebody I'm doing business with, I already get a bill from the middle of every month. Okay. I don't want to say that I get something send me a thing and they envelope there. Show it to me. I probably throw it away spask it. But that's okay. Don't ring my phone with crap. That's my message. Stop ringing everybody's phone off the hook with crap. Nine minutes before two and five sixty WCOM got nothing on our Danny Boy pool. Which I'll get to in a second. Don't take any bulls. There is a child. Living down. Living down in Mexico. There's a past ago to work every day. Sit that is death. Making clothes for Cassidy. Love the work. But doesn't love the pain. They are the kids. They are the kids. They are the kids. They are the ones to make a book a day. So quick. Come and lay me away. It's just for the making. The time you love to find. It's you. They make a book a day with Cassidy. Oh, right. There you go. So what are you all complaining about like the song says? One fifty six four minutes before the RQM. Our poll question today. Should Dan Moreno retire. What we got 288 votes so far. That's a record for this time. Uh, return 159 at 55.2% say bye Danny. Bye bye. See you. Thanks for everything. Get out of here. Sign with the Vikings is run in second. The moment 93 people vote. That's 32.2% about a third. You turn and play another year with his offense. Only 35. 12%. Say he should do that because. They don't want him out of care. What any Jones says anybody else lies to you about. You're not going to have a high pinger. That's only course. I mean, we're never lied. What is that? No. They don't want him back. But anyway, that's our poll. And the Rogers.com. We like to get like at least what 40 at least 400% of you to vote on this by between Mountain and a clock tomorrow. Because this is the most important and pressing issue with town is Danny Boy. Oh, you got it. We'll see you Danny. Here's Tamara. Hello. Yes sir. The last question is one. If one black person that's equally a mole qualified in a white person. Go through a job and he gets a nine ten times and a white person only gets a nine. One or two times. That's the question of what vote for affirmative action. Of course that black person is going to fight for it. Don't you understand? I did that make you might not be considering that. That's all. That's all. I can't. That's the. How do you know that's the case. What do you get those? I don't know. I'm saying that if that's what they're claiming. That's what these black people are claiming. Yeah. And where does that come from? Where's the world? What back's that up? Also, I think damn. I can't get this out of the way. They're saying this is not. I don't know. They'll be. They can't. I'll be. They can't have a conversation with you, about it. I'm not discussing that. I like it. To let it's. He can discuss it. He can give. I need to read this come our website so we can get 80 million people holding on that because we get all the sports nerds to vote. All the people I can't let him go. They can't. They just cannot say goodbye to Danny. It's a part of their lives. There comes a time when everybody has to say goodbye by five. by by thank you it's been wonderful whether it's a divorced whether it's somebody retires whatever it is there comes that time we have a lot of emotional cripples in this time like dandelor baster there's the best i want to tell you you want to find a guy who's a real asshole just read the stuff that this guy dishes out my dogs drop better stuff my backyard the mordantlabasted right in the here life i've never read such swill in my life oh he's got a sticker dandy's got a sticker on for the children for the kid in other words then he couldn't go he still wouldn't be a hero if he retires he couldn't go around and do go you good work like he's done for menist maturity's ever since he