It's Monday. Oh, God, Friday's so far away. Here I'm trapped in this office to stay. I feel like crap, because it's Monday. Who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who. As a little just a, tell us a few files. Passed you tight, seems bustin' out. Just had a big marina with me, every inch. It's also on top, which is the next device. Lots of extra space. Not there in the bathroom with an empty pocket. A shower of cold seats, so that I was ready. Why can't I drop poison for eating the new? Working on a foul food. Trying to move some back up side through for me. Working on a foul food. And it was taken time. Post a blessed night's animation thunder from a hallway to sleep. A set of wonders. Stars read the magazine from 1962. You know, we didn't want a foul food. Because I'm all about it from cheese to turned it blue. Rain for a foul food. About a paper key. Foul food. Eat it finally, I would take so much time. Yeah. For foul food. I would have never met the right one. I would have never met the right one. Can't only see it's one of the broadcaster's 50 WQA in. So anyway, I must thank everybody for the 4,000 books that I have on the Irritable Ballic Syndrome, which is also known by the way as Spastic Colon. How come this overhead is so screwed up? How come it's so low? Oh, there you go. I don't know. I don't know. I'm asking you to come in here. I'm setting everything. You think that might be the reason? Oh, yeah. But at any rate, I don't even want to talk about the technical stuff in this studio. You can't complain about the technical expertise of the B-Lies because they don't have any. Because there are a bunch of cheap. What's that effort? With an answer to the end. 60 billion books I have about Irritable Ballic Syndrome. And one of the things that I've discovered besides the effects it's also called Spastic Colon. I'm going to refer to myself as Spastic Neal from now on. Oh, God. Right. Four things I'm discovering is that one of the main reasons besides diet and some specific foods that occasionally can flare up your tissues is chronic stress. Chronic stress. Oh my God. Huh, do I have stress in my house? No. Huh, outside of this building? No. What do you think that stress might be coming from? You don't think it could be from the greedly zoo. Uh-huh. And Greg Reed, that lying piece of turd. But before we get into that. Here's the, oh, there's that beeping again. Yeah, we got all kinds of beeping and popping. Let's take a corner. I said we go from phone with the signal we want. Oh, listen to that. They're right off the back. There's line one. You hear that, uh? See, I'm going to take calls. I'm going to go to no phone today. I'm going to go back to technically everything is so screwed up in here. I said, let's go ahead and give it a shot. See how the phone sounds. Listen to that one. Right off the bat. That's line one. Woo! Heavy, doody, baby. And the last call there may be want to cry. Just, because that wasn't listening. I usually don't listen. I don't have time to prosecute my living. Morning show, but the last call with Danny and Danny again. Are we still on that craft? Jesus Christ. See, that's what's so goddamn frustrating about this town along with all the other craft. Talk about a horse and buggy. One note Charlie's like I said on Friday, same old tired rep and the one big story. Forget about Ali on, forget about the Danny boy. The one the most positive exciting thing along this town is the Panthers. And David J. Nealex, fortunate to hear what's by the way. I noticed at this morning the Sun Sentinel writes their hockey stuff on page 13 and the Harald is on page 12 and don't even mention that the Panthers exist. That came on Saturday. Now the first period was kind of slow even though we had that beautiful goal with the, then instead of Danny and Jimmy, they ought to be doing the berid, whittening and wittening and berid. That's what everybody ought to be talking about. But David J. Neale takes Hank to task in Saturday's Harald in the fish rapper. Because Hank was talking about it. First of all, Hank would be the first one to admit he doesn't know squad about hockey. He would tell you that. But I heard him was my very own ears on Friday saying that that's the only sports thing going on in this town that's worth to anybody thinking about. Now, and it's phenomenal and how come they're not selling it out? We had our biggest credit of your Saturday and we sell it out. Oh, 750 seats, unsold tickets. Not bad, but it's an improvement. I mean, here's something so great going on. And David J. Neale, I hate to break the news to you. You cannot Hank all you want. But where was your story about the correcting goalberg? It was on page 12. The same place that the rest of the guy that I'm story about the Panthers big win and overtime against the Bruins Saturday was in yesterday's fish rapper. Page 12, buried. So if you wonder, you see this is the way it's always been here. They got their own agenda in our local newspapers. Whatever they like, whatever they care about, whatever they know about. That's what they'll promote. Anything that they don't really have any vestant interest in promoting, they'll bury it as in page 12. But how come there's no big color picture of Palm Albury, school and winning goal and overtime on a front page of the sports section yesterday to God, Amirullah? And the rest of this town, there's no hope. But I don't have any delusions that I'm going to change anybody's opinion. But you know something I don't give a crap. It's like food. It's like, you know fish food. I know how good that stuff tastes. If you'd rather have an L. ice cream, fine. Leave's more of the good stuff for the rest of us. But please don't try to insult me and tell me that the vanilla ice cream is better because there's more people who eat it. There's more people who eat it. McDonald's too, then Ruth Chris, but I got news for you. Okay? Is it a close contest? No. No. You want a good piece of meat. You don't go to McDonald's. And there's nothing like a good piece of meat. God. Here is something so great, so sensational. Go on this town. And instead, oh, Danny and Danny and a player is one of the Danny and Danny. How can there be so many stupid, myopic little people in one place? And Hank didn't just, you know, he said it years ago. Of course he heard me say it for us, but nevertheless, we both didn't say it for years. This is a bush lake town. That's why they don't fill up the stadiums in the arena. They keep spending taxpayers money to build them, but they don't fill it up. No matter what, even when the prices were not registered, they still weren't filling them up. This is a phantom existence this place. This is a reality. It's phantom. It's make believe. It's law-law land. And you finally get something good and great and exciting going on. And nobody even knows what they're talking about. Nobody has any idea what I'm talking about. Because the media here, well, they got their own, like I said, agenda. They're more concerned about alienists and alien. Ali on that, Ali on just farted and didn't spell too good. And grandma, grandma, did this and grandma said that and the other grandma, who gives a crap? Except those silly people out there at the other night with their goddamn rotting teeth. For you dead, isn't it? The heck's got a little tooth problem this morning. He's not going to be doing this on Atlanta. He's going to be in the studio and then Atlanta the rest of the week, hopefully for the Super Bowl. But the dentist in this town, you ought to be right down there in a little event. You can make a fortune. Because you talk about bad teeth, even the British are laughing. They're embarrassed by the scene that they saw out there. All those old fossils with their goddamn yellow teeth rotting out of their mouths. I'm sorry if I look like I'd look like a scene from some backwards place in Mexico is what they look like to me. This, and that's exactly what it looked like. Like some old fishing religion in Mexico. Oh, man, man, man, man, man, man, man. We're a sick, tired of it. Okay, those of us with a brain, I'm not going to let my life get dragged down by this crap in this town. I'm not going to have a spastic colon arrest in my life because of Greg Greath or because of a bunch of crazy old cubanos who all in was the same old pirate Schmidt. Doesn't affect my life in any way shape or form. Couldn't care less. No interest. Sorry to the baby Jesus or the baby Moses. Now he's the baby Moses. Oh yeah. The sea, uh, parted. Have you spelled that? No portion of this broad guess. Maybe reproduce to that the express written permission. No. Two A.F. Deeply-reed acquisition court. Holy cow, Aaron coming. Squirt. Squirt. Here's the down record. Oh. Did I mention that? Here's the down record. He played for the niff. He doesn't borrow stick. Yeah, we love him cause he is the down record. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Yeah, he's not alcohol. I say it one time more. We love fill our life. Don't think our peace out. Bow ring, Albert. Go. Well, don't you love Bill, Brad. Not really. Don't you love Bill. I'm 50, I don't know what they're wasting all their time with. Well, these primaries because we already know it's going to be bush and gory. It'll be close to most people think but bush will still probably win. Because gory is boring. And that's it. Oh, I will say this. Bush keeps moving further and further to the right and keeps embracing all these right-wing anti-abortion hystericals. You know what people I'm talking about. Yeah, that's pretty interesting. And you know, when you come right down with the show how stupid this whole system is and why nobody anywhere outside of Iowa, New Hampshire cares because what is Iowa, New Hampshire, have to do with anything anyway. Because Iowa representative of the rest of the country is New Hampshire with those crusty, they're like one step away from those crusty main people, you know. Did they represent anything? No. No. Two little piddly ass dates. What's a combined population? About 500 people in those two states, something like that. And a whole bunch of cows in Iowa. And a lot of corn. I think default would like it. There's a lot of corn there. He could relate to it. But god, what a polished myth. Oh, the Iowa caucuses. And you see how the caucuses work where they go to libraries in each other's homes. And if people are in favor of this candidate, they sit over here against the wall. And one's to earn favor of the other candidate. They sit over by the fireplace. And one's to right aside, they sit around in a big circle and have a circle jerk. And yeah, that's true. They move to a different part of the room depending on which candidate they for. They before. I'm sorry that's a vote for Alan Keys. Self-hating spook. Oh, aren't you impressed with Alan Keys? No, I'm not. He's a black-yery bower. That's all. He's a black pop-abauer. Well, he's still alive. And that's the sad part. He's a piece of crap. Oh, Christ in this. And nobody, a living, a living, a living, a die. If I have to hear that one more goddamn time from a bunch of crazy old humans would be a bad teeth. I'm so sick and nauseated with the yellow teeth rotting out of their gesturing mouths. Get out of here. Go back where you came from. Go give the hell to the sedel. Get out of our face and take the baby Moses Jesus with you. Let us live our goddamn lives and peace. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Mobile and bokeh is gone. Here's Papa, no, hello. Yes, sir. Got to add a bill to take the alien back and drop you off and keep wet. Okay, great. Here's Davy. Hello. You see why I said on Friday? I wasn't going to take any calls today. Here's Davy. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to let you know that I'm listening to your show on the computer at school right now. Yes, sir. We have a substitute. I've always wanted to call you in and we love your show and I just wanted to let you know what the Broward County schools are getting into because they're just not doing good right now. Yeah. And all the teachers are terrible and, and, yeah, all the teachers are terrible and that our teacher doesn't teach. But right now, you're taking the day off to play golf and he's we're not learning the damn thing. Yeah, what are you learning? What a great time it is when he's playing golf. Yeah, okay. Nothing's black enough. Okay, pal. Go back in the lucky you said, whack off and have a great day. Oh, God. Woo! Heavy duty, baby. What did I tell you on Friday? But I'm just doing the your phone thing for an exercise because I want to make sure like line 7. Line 7 was doing two good here. I'm no Friday last time I checked. And we, oh, oh, wait. Look at that. And then the beeping is starting in line 7 sounds to me like it's got some real problems that I think it doesn't. Does that sound like a watch? Doesn't? No. Sounds like a video. Are you sure? I don't know. What is it? There it goes. Yeah. It sounds to me like it. There's no problem on it. 560, 560, pound 560 on a year. We're talking about fast to cool and they do a lot of fast to people out there. And like I said, I don't even know what I bang my head against the wolf. Why should you just come here and play Indian the melodies every day? And just take the check and run. Because this, this place is oblivious. It's unbelievable to me. You just a bunch of one dimensional, one kids live in this town 90% of them. That's all they know is the same old repetitive crap over and over again. And what's up? The good happened here does anybody talk about it? Oh, it's alien. And I'm going to tell you channel 7 news. I'm going to program that on my TV. Say channel 7. I don't need that guy. I'm just programming it right out. Metrofact is a big thing in the ascend. Send it on the front page. Satellite service making waves cable TV firms and covering formidable rival. Which I've been telling you about for a long time, but they're finally catching on. Now that you got your local affiliates on there on the satellite, people are saying to the cable. And they're discovering there's 8 million other channels they can watch instead of your stupid local channels. And instead of those crazy people hypervettelating on channel 7. Every time it is somebody far to over there in Little Havana. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. But I'm out there sitting there. I'm going to go around and of course most of the mob it or float around anyway outside of building. But that's beside the point. 5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You got one great sensational thing going on sports wise in this town. And that's the Pavel and Ray in the Whitney and Burie in the Panthers unbelievable. Sensational. And these people like I told you before. If you took a picture of Pavel Burie, even even in uniform. And you walked around in the malls and you said, who is this? You know what they would say? You know what the response would be? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Lazy, lazy, one dimensional boy. Well, we don't know nothing about that. That's just not our thing. You know, we're just, oh, we know is Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. Yeah, that's why such a goddamn boring town man. This is the most pathetic dreadful boring ass place on the face of the earth. Even at Little Fishing Village in Mexico wherever those people with the bad teeth came from. Even that's probably more exciting. We somebody's probably getting laid there. There's a lady in Del Rey Beach, hello. Hi, yeah. Yes, man. Friday you had a conversation about a doctor's son home for a back. I was driving and I was on a table. No. What? About a doctor's son who handled the back. Somebody went to him for their back. And they were sitting with marvelous. And I didn't have a pan handy. Yeah. I was driving. Would you still have that name on a number or something? No. No. Nothing. No. All right. You know if he was in Miami or... No. No. He's in New York. Dr. Sanna was in New York. Uh-huh. Well, that takes care of that. Yeah. Sorry. How's the good day, Neil? He was both candid. Okay. Go Danny and go Danny. Go soon. Okay. Go Ali on. Go home. Ali on. And he was talking about co-likers and about twisted kishis. And we had twisted sister on. Yeah. That's what I'm going to do. You know, I enjoyed that the best. I'm going back to those good old days with a geriatric chest. Let's go to a doctor's on a nutritionist. Hello, doctor. I got a blue rectum. What do I do, doctor? My toilet mole is blue around the age and age from the tiny mole, man, doctor. What a boring. God. Damn. I'm going to be five, six, seven, five, sixty, count five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile informa, Laterdale. Hello. Yeah. You better be Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to America and I love my country. But if that's politicians and Washington vote, so make this get a sense of disgraceful day in our country when six hundred and a people of science. You're question. I asked your question. Yes. Why are you worried about that little boy? What do you care about? Well, I just think. Why are you concerned about why you're wasting your energy? Why are you getting agitated about yourself? I was about agitated about it. I was about to say, you're a yellow piece of people. Can intimidate this whole country. That's what I've said. No, they're not intimidating the whole country. They're only intimidating a few people here in private. I hope so, Neil. I hope so. Okay. Calm down. Okay. You'll feel a lot better. This guy is going to have IBS any second now. How you can smell it? Yes. Yeah. I think he's already got irritable, spastic colon. You're not upset about these crazy, but like I tried to tell you, sir, please take my advice. You'll live a lot longer. Don't get stressed out by assholes. Don't you understand, sir, what I'm telling you? It'll take years off your life. He's a, you can tell the tone is voice. He's all whipped up into a friend. He's pissed off and fired up. Just say, Pavel, or Whitney and Burrie and Burrie and Whitney. That's all you need to say seriously. Burrie and Whitney and Burrie. There's something exciting going on. Something we can be enthused about. Instead of getting dragged down, a drag you down to their level. And I'm not going to get dragged out of that level. They can take that little kid and stuff up there. I don't give a crap about Ali on about that jackbook. So distant cousin about Mary Lisa's whatever her name is, would I? Jappy attitude of hers and you guys out there on you Anglo guys and Sculptures too. Don't hang out with no Cuban chicks. Okay, I'll tell you that right now. Don't you little valley girls, the most disgusting, obnoxious, impurious, even more arrogant than did you make in women? How do you like that? Yeah, I'm on. And that's saying a lot. I never thought I could say that, but I just did. And it rolled out my tongue in the words too. Erigan, obnoxious, disgusting. Jappy valley girlish. That's for you, Mary Lisa. And your big fat disgusting mouth. Oh, he's drinking all this milk. Great. I bet you they got cows in Cuba too honey. Yeah, but you they got a few cows over there. They probably look better than you sweetheart. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T harvest line. You got burry and Whitney and Whitney and Burry. Excitement going on in the macarina. I sent stationally even in their Saturday. Probably the only exciting thing that's happened in this town in ages. And they these people know anything about it? No, no. Was you back at a hockey crapper game man? Was you back at a crapper game? Yeah, I'm on that crapper. By the way, I feel pretty good today. It's part of the fact coming here this morning. Find all the lights were out. We had to go foot for circuit breakers and the stand on our head. We're still flipping things in here. You got little noise makers going off in the background. We got the inside phone don't work. The outside phone. Some of it works out of a dozen. But am I going to let that make my colon twist? No, you bet you're sweet ass. I'm not. Because Greg Reid and I want to be. They're not worth getting yourself sick over. Okay, did I right now? And just and just knowing I'm glad I spent all that money on those days. Just knowing that I don't have some gigantic or even little teeny tiny tumor growing inside my aging body. It's kind of like worth a piece of mine. But in that money when you got it. Oh, yes it is. 20. 26 past 10. At 560 WQM. We're whipped up to a friend today, baby. On you old Cuban. Fafangola. Up your ass. Goodbye. Screw you. Go away. Woo. The Panther told us to red hot in New York. No, no, no, no, no. That'll be the big and leave there. When say night. Join the new voice of the Panther's chicks. On the floor. Woo. Winding roller. From the action. And the previous start to set it. Here on Sports Radio 560 WQM. Floridian. Done as dirt. With a gas. With a gas. It's a gem. The girl's also. I'm someone. That. That we put into a song. Do a song. That was a dumbass. I like to survive with a soccer wrist. What about Johnny? Johnny? I eat instant and on one lick. Is this a summer? It's a summer. A life like a life like a, a diving bench. The air. Moons. Making each. If we've been a song that is no better. We were dumbass. And scratch my butt with a nail file. Hit annoying. Like surrounding. Guys. People always think of a man. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Mike. The. The. If you have some sit there, mind my own business in joining a hockey game and it comes to the end of the first period, Saturday night at the Mac Arena. And so over to May comes this guy, which I know I've seen him before, and I saw him a year ago, which wasn't long enough ago. And this guy has something to do with like, I don't know, some make believe radio station. He works for or wanted to work for or once did, if something like that. I would say like, I don't know, 38, 40 years, whatever it is. And the guy comes up to me. And of course, once he starts talking, I remember the experience I had last year exactly the same. He comes and this is between periods. It's on the half of the people are out there getting, you know, on their cell phones and getting food and doing whatever. So it's not like we all crowded noise you in there. He comes up to me and stands three inches away. You know, that's on the screen that you're engineer can't figure you shouldn't have to work with us. And he's screaming into my ear. And the people sitting in front of me are looking around like, give me a look like Jesus Christ. How can you tolerate that? You know, that cheap engineering is, I mean, Greg Reed is a little firm, so he should have done that. God, they made it. And I'm thinking, yeah, you got to point with that. But I'm not deaf. And don't ever come anywhere near me again. You crazy person you. How come I'm such a nice guy? You know, how come I don't say, get the F out of here. You crazy person. You're screaming in my ear. You're burst in my ear. I'm not exaggerating. He was standing like three inches away. Remember those films of Edison, you know, say goodbye. Say good with it with a big horn. You know, because he was deaf as a bat. Am I hearing his very good, okay? You got it? You're a crazy person. Just shouting into my ear. Well, I was my one business for the legacy again next year. No, I don't think so. No, because if I see you coming, all of a sudden, nature will be called. I have to think of quick move. Even if I just do it in the hallway out there, just aim with just to get away from you. You crazy person you. Here's a mobile and point and be, Chela. Hello? Yes, sir. Okay, sorry about that. Just a couple things. So that's a, a pants a game over in Tampa Bay and over in Atlanta. Let me tell you, there's a lot of fans up there. They just, I don't know if they have a better following out of the area or in the area. What was that mean? Well, basically, they hadn't, I told the fans over in Tampa Bay. Maybe it's just all the Floridians facing this group of North. It's our watching the games up there. Well, how many are talking about maybe a couple of thousands? Not talking the Tampa Bay arena had, I see about a third of it, what, Florida pants. Yeah, I've, I've got that. No, believe it or not, it was. And they can't, it might have been, sort of, three, so three thousand. I mean, a third of it, they're only getting nine, ten thousand people actually showing up in the seats. Actually, how we had seven thousand, that game was. Yeah, I like that. So like I said, two thousand. Good point. Anyway, take another part for you. When I was over in Tampa, I heard you talking about, um, not Tampa, for Myers. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the family story or the family story new times. I cannot find that article anywhere. Is there any way you might have an extra copy of that? I don't know, I don't have an extra copy, but it's on page seven. It's the January 20th to 26 new times. I got it right in front of me here. What, you do have a little bit of a thing on that's, huh? What page is it? Page seven. Page seven. No, page, uh, yeah, page seven. I got it right here. Metro, a family portrait. Oh, beautiful. It's a great, neat, neat Luis and Jose C. Good method and 마jure about, uh, what, can you see, the Italian con zellis in Miami cousin? I can look. Walks inную comp accurations however the country rules outside. But was that a lot before thehuickv ellos내, It was. So that wh<|ja|> aniryun, so they go deep into the news screen. and Papasita and Mamasita and El Cid and all the other crap. I'd rather have about Cid Caesar than El Cid. Don't you folks understand, and especially you crazy people in the local media, the most of the majority of us are gagging on this crap already. We're gagging on it. That's right. Let the bar fall over your goddamn newspapers and TV news. We don't care. It doesn't affect our lives. It's small potatoes. It's meaningless. There's 80 million little kids out there. Their kids get beaten and raped in abuse by their parents, by their uncles and step-pathers. And all other kind of does anybody care about them? Oh, does anybody make it a big fuss about them? Oh, no. Because they didn't float up here on a rubber ramp. 560, 50560, on the AT. Don't take it personal, Elie, unless you want to. Just go home. Soon, go home. Bye-bye. See that big plane in the sky? Hop on, as though, in the by the way, speaking of Chris Moore, that Moore on, rumor has that I heard from several people of the game center. Moore on, yeah. Who's entitled to the game on ESPN? That book shop here on Big Fat Book Shopby. Had him on a show the other night and was sucking his ass on the air. Oh, yeah. This place is so full of suckles. This radio stays in his sports nerds. It's pathetic. Chris Dean and Moore, which, by the way, they announced that they made a special announcement. They put him up on the screen. Mostly booze. Very little response. Little smattery. And mostly booze. Got it. Did the game here for six years in his own pathetic way. The worst ever. Plus being an asshole. One thing if you're bad at what you do, but if you're a nice guy, then it's a different story. But if you're bad at what you do, plus you are real, a vindictive, miserable prick like he is. And I also heard part of the conversation was about, why I did some of the broadcasters this time. We're ripping a Brian Murray and wanting to get his ass fired. Of course, obviously referenced to me. But then I find out that Chris Moore off the air, the two-faced prick that he is, was more critical of Brian Murray than what I was. See, I'm not an assucker. Like I said, Friday, if somebody does a good job, I'll give him all the credit in the world. If they do a crappy job, I'll rip their ass. And in the case of the Murray, that's exactly what I did. I call him as I see him. I don't sit around in suck ass and be a shield. Like he did on that morning's show. And he's more than guy still and have any self-respect about that. They still suck up then. Very sad. Find out people with any self-respect when he got the involved in his town's like, look, look, it's a little bit of a needle in the haystack. Gotta get a surge party. Sucky, sucky, sucky, sucky, sucky. That's all they know man. Just get that tongue out there and look. And any direction you can. Even the boog's there. Oh. My brother. 22 before 11 in the 5, 50, WQM. Only one self-warted radio station has a half-taste of your listening to it. And over, weekday, after noon's a two, sports radio 560, QAL. That fan is so large. I don't think he has ever seen the butt master over the stage of his wife. She's your own than ancient mythical land, wearing bloody armor, taking names and kicking butt. And that evil child. But in the quiet moments, a loan at camp she was played by anxiety. I see you. What if that guy had friends and they come out to me? What if I come out of provisions out here? Oh, and if I've tied cats of a left-beer? Lucina, where are your princess? She knew how to handle a puddle attack on by a bunch of humans in fake fur without a scramble in action. Come here, watch this life. Gotcha. Take the hideout. Lucina, where are your princess? Couldn't handle a panic attack at midnight by a bunch of nagging doubts. Oh, my outfit and spit rights and some baby. I think I'm starting to walk like a girl. No, no, no, even I think I'm a lesbian. Sing now. Where are your princess? Right after some of the show, who's time, you can never live in. Oh, God. I hope we don't take cancel. 1042 at 560 W to QM 560, 0560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line, Whitney and Buray and Buray and Whitney. Here's a fact that really boils my ass. Neil, I'm tired of people complaining. There's no support for the panthers. I love hockey. I play hockey. I love the panthers. I'll have ten minutes from the hit the center. But they priced me out. And I make over 70K. OK? A lower bullseye to 67 bucks. I've not sit in panther pack a upper level. Throw in parking and refreshments in. It's easily 100 bucks tonight. I can afford maybe two games of your water shame. Well, let me say this to you. I'm going to stick and tear to her in that. Because first of all, the game is almost all of mixed up one or two are in television for free. So if you can only afford to go once you twice a year, I do understand that. But you think that there'd be enough different people to go, who'd be anxious, who'd be lined up at the door to see the display that's going on there in a specially-povile buray. Just like when I came back last year from vacation in Europe and I read about the news I saw in USA today around CNN or whatever, the Florida panthers make the trade with them. Who would have get Palmville buray? And I'm like squeezing myself. I'm so excited. And I come back here and I come on a year and you know what the response is? Yeah. And I'm not talking about having to pay to go see it. You can see it for free on television. And being throughs about it and talk about it and get excited about it. Is this town in throughs? Oh, are they talking about it? Oh, it's the same old boring swill, the same Schmidt. Let's face it, folks. Most of you are bearing. Terminal. And narrow, little lives, just in a lot like in a meba, just inside a little tiny hole. Breakfast. Yeah, that one. God. God, I wish, man, you're horizon soon or later anyway. You have to, you have to branch out, just like they see in a rag loose butt. You got to try new things. Well, these people try new things. Oh, they're one-dimensional. Horse and buggy effing town. Five, six, seven, oh, fine. And of course, my job, the city and try to rattle these people every goddamn day, find days a week in my life and get them off their ass. Look at that. Look at how pathetic that is. Week. We got scintillating crap going on in this town. And maybe 1% of even what they're on talking about. Well, Whitney and Brewer. What's that? Eli Whitney, he invented this. What are you inventing? God, they have a poster, didn't he? Yeah, the pop-up poster for your goddamn pop-tarts. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. Somebody needs to light a fire on your asses out there. That's why that's why those old Cubans run this town. Because the rest of you are in a coma. That's the problem. Yeah. Yeah. They got all the politicians by the purse strings. Because the rest of you people are in a coma somewhere. And let a few hundred assholes destroy this whole town. Chase everybody out of here. The Latin Grammys, the Pan Am Games, the Junior Pan Am Games, anybody with a brain, are they coming here? No. Because they don't want to have a whole scene in the middle of the street every time they try to do something to handle a few hundred assholes don't like. And the rest of the public here sits back at our haunches and just the exact wood air. And firmly a squeeze around it. Hope they something might happen. Here's a mobile and water hill, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm maybe going to end it and help you with a couple of hockey questions. The current family cup champions, the Dallas stars. They were originally the Minnesota North stars. Is that correct? Yes. When did they become Dallas, the practice? Oh, I don't know a few years ago. I don't remember what the year was 91 something like that. And I guess it was not in the seven. Of course not. No, early 80s possible? No. I didn't think so. Early 90s. That's what I thought. So they were the left Minnesota somewhere. Well, what, what their business makes? Oh, just a little bit. No, 93. The year is 93. I'm looking at David J. Schwarz is that I was close 93. All right. What, what their business makes? No, they're going to be what's well. So the way asking me the question? Because I knew you know the answer. Oh, okay. See, there's another brilliant call. It makes no difference to him. But what, I knew you'd know the answer. Is anybody out there care about that? No. No. Is it amazing to be with what I'm talking about? No. Is it a real hockey question? No. So not even a real anything question. Sir, you're in idiots. You're another moron. You're another no-alive. Try to have a conversation about something and know nothing about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm serious. I'm going to get, now that I feel you know, so I got my energy back. Now that I got my IBS under control. And I do. Most of it is stress. And then I also the eating and don't ask me by the way, what I think about the Atkins diet. No, I got a new book. But I don't want to talk too much about it until I mean two or three days isn't enough to really evaluate. But I got me a new book. Atkins worked great for some people. I've worked for you. More power to it. It is a work for me. No. And it's here. It doesn't work for my gut. All that meat and cheese and cheese and meat. So it just does it work for me? No way. Fiber, baby. Low fat, but high fiber. That's the fact it's called the it. Even Larry King likes the book, which is why almost didn't buy it. Long history though. Yeah, he endorsed it on a front cover. That's why I feel I said it must be a bogus. But so far a couple of days I lost a couple of pounds. I'm feeling good. I got rid of most of my symptoms here. It's called the 20 fat 35 or I can't think of the name of it. I'll bring it in a box. And it makes sense to me. Of course, the problem is you get all these books and in one book they say, oh, yeah. All these grains and everything. You know, prehistoric man didn't need all that stuff. And then you get another book. Oh, yeah. This is where it's really at because you got to have the fiber to sweep all that crap through. Keep your inner clean, etc. All I know is that my inner jar beautiful right now. They are so clean. Oh, they're long, serious. You could you could take a search party up and through there and they say, oh, this is this even smells good in here. This is lovely. I'm telling you, with all the cleaning out I've had less couple of weeks. When it's out, clean it out. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Great. It has a go and listen. I have a question for you. Yeah. You're saying how come, you know, people don't stand up to the Cuba's and not that. Well, I got a proposition. Yeah. What are you actually listening is if somebody were one for somebody who's not Cuban in Miami? Do you think that works? Meaning what? What does that mean? Well, meaning that we need to somebody to unite everybody's a black, you know, an opportunity. Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Well, we need a cabinet. We need a cabinet. Okay. But when you final, come back and let me know. Give me a name. Okay. Give me a name. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. How about Joe Gerst? Let's bring him back. What do you say? Why bring Joe back? Oh, wherever the hell he ran off with all that money? Let's drill you. And how about what's his name? Let's bring Kevin Stevenson. Put a ring here. He's got a little crack problem. He's fit in here. Perfect little hooker problem. Let's bring his ass in here. What do you say? He's also got a little bit of a booze problem that goes way back. Poor Kevin. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Listen. Kevin Stevenson from Cats Stevens. Yes, sir. You've been saying a lot of stuff, I agree. What? How you get away with it? I don't know. Well, what do you mean? Well, what do you mean? Yeah. Neil, you do tell it truth. But it's not politically correct. I'm not interested in politically correct. There are people who want to be politically correct. There are assholes. I'm not interested in those people. I have no time to say that. I'm not either. But I gotta tell you. Can you do something about these thoughts? I hate to bring it up. But I gotta tell you. We got a team here. It's like. Why is it? Can I do something about these dolphins? Right now. Yeah. You know what that reminds me of? It's like a guy at the hockey game. Dude, I'm sitting there. My little business. And this guy who sits several seats down in front on in my row. He comes up. Hey, you've got to tell Brian more and get rid of that. My question. You've got to do me a favor. I'm running the team. Like Brian Maurice got to listen to me. Like I have regular chats with him all the time. You don't? No, I don't. You've got to do that. You've got to know I don't got it. And I'm not going to. And I happen to agree with his assessment of my questions. Play, but nevertheless, get away from me. Okay. I'm just there to watch the game and enjoy. I'm not there to do a goddamn talk show. Just get away and don't come up to my ear and start shouting. That guy. I'm not exaggerating. You was screaming into my ear. Like I was deaf. Like it was absolutely deaf. And he was hoping I could just hear the tones of whatever he was saying. Here's Miami. Hello. Me? Yes sir. Hello. Me. Last Friday afternoon. I climbed back in the car. To only catch the last two minutes of your last call or he was talking about some kind of book about the birds in the bees. No, no, no. The back. You know, he had five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T line out of town. It's eight seven seven seven eight five. I'm not doing a doctor show. Okay. Not interested in that about some book. Some smuck was talking about. I don't care. I don't know. Go. We'll see a carer. Go stand on your head. Go see the Maharishi Mahajiyogi. Get some good drugs. Just don't bother me with that crap. We're not talking about backs. We're talking about bowels on the show. Okay. Just better get your body parts straight pal. I will admit that your rectum is in about him. You're back. No, no. You're back. You're back. The hip bone connected to the erected bone. Something like that. Jesus. You know, and not only that. As George those kind of questions don't wait for like 15 minutes to come on here. Ask me some stupid thing about some bogus. Quac doctor? Don't ask me. Yeah. Ask George. Am I taking any of your stuff? But at least to me. I don't know. I don't know. You know. Okay. No. I don't know. the sick and the infirm and the old and the dying and the Crochity and the nasty and the unhappy and the wretched and the miserable that's our Florida not a place for living and breathing people. A place where even when you're an old fart like me at the age of 57 I feel like a teenager because I'm so God damn young compared to most of the people I see out there including those people with a bad teeth and a little of Anna with the yellow teeth and a purple skin. Here's a mobile and time work pine. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Okay. Listen I think that we're really in trouble. I was just right I'll share it and I see a sign for an election. Hey, hey Lopez. Peepie. That day. He's not facing money for the commissioner for the power and in Broward. Oh, that's good. For Hollywood. Can you believe that? Yeah. I think another barric. Hey, don't you understand tempered pines? Those they are no obliy in place in tempered pines. Yeah, that's true. I hear you. They think they show up. Okay. Don't for peepy man. What are you saying? You're going to vote for? No peepy. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and don't call George and ask him any questions. I'm telling him watch him right now. Like I call back three times. Yeah again saying what? I really wanted to know the name of the movie. We don't know. We don't know. We don't know. We don't hear. We don't care. We care about that doctor as much as I care about Ali on as and not my back Great. How about your mind back is sensational. I had a wonderful night's sleep. I said and now my front start to even out my front my stomach starting to feel good. My cookies are untwisted. It's by this place because I made up my mind. I'm not going to let Greg read into one of these leads put me into a premature grave. 5 6 7 when you people want to talk about stuff that's interesting that's amusing that's a provocative that's something not these super. Oh well, the I'm going to figure it a couple of days. We'd like to know is there a restaurant you can recommend. The answer is no. How about one of the self food? That sounds good to me. You know, I'm every time I get a call like that. I put myself in a position being a listener. I think to myself as a listener is that interesting amusing entertaining worthwhile listening to that's even worth a daddy and daddy and daddy and daddy. It's how terminal that is. You go somewhere and you walk outside and you look around and you smell the fresh air. You sniff the diaphidils. When it's out, you check it out. Instead of calling it on a talk show and asking some boring ass terminal question, well, I'm going to answer them as well. What cafe do you think? Where's the place to get some weed in? Well, what's the place to get some God to? And where's the good place to get some fries on the damwack there? What do they put that mean? How about in your echo? It'll be a good place. Fry this. Well, I'm really full of it today. I am. I got some energy back because I'm getting over my IBS. At least the BS part. Do you want to get rid of IBS? That's the fact I'm going to write a book. I don't even know anything about it. I'm writing a book. We want to get rid of IBS just to eliminate the BS first and then all of a sudden the rest. Go away. Yeah, that's right. Stress, chronic stress from assholes around you who are trying desperately to destroy your life. Like Greg Reed, the most incompetent human being I've ever encountered in my life. Bar none. He makes fat boy look like a rocket scientist. Pally. Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Yes, sir. You're full of catching vinegar today. Yes, I am. Yes, you are in your right. It's such a spit town. They got to bonafide superstar down there. And only want to talk about it on these so-called sports shows. This Dan, we get some Dan and the radio. I think he can play till he's 85 and Bob, Bob, and get him out there in a wheelchair and give him some good protection and let him leave it. I'm even just hearing those calls. I don't get one call on this show. Here was this the I don't know if you saw the game on Saturday. But here was this unbelievable game. This performance by Burrini, skating around and mesmerizing the other guys and frustrating them. He's putting on a performance. There is nobody in the world like this man. And we got him right here in this town. And these people don't know him from God then. Bob loves dog. He's the best. And not only that, but he's a gentleman. He's humble. He's got it all. The guy's so exciting. It's amazing. These people don't know smith. Right. Thanks, Bill. Okay. And Ray Whitney tells me, Paul Valson, like a moose too. So by the way, he's got it all. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Paul, look at this. Let's get all these lines smoking here today. Let's hear something interesting and exciting. Let's see some goddamn people that got an IQ bigger than their goddamn thumbnail that are excited and soosed about something good going on. And I just all dragged down by this alien crap. I'm not interested in gram on number one. Gram on number two. Uncle number one, and I'm not interested in any of them. Okay. Those go in. I don't care. They have no no no no no bearing on my life whatsoever. And I got news for if they want to come in the middle of my neighborhood and stand in the middle of the road. I got two real fast Corvettes. Okay. And I think the brakes are starting to go on both of them. So if you want to come and try to block off my street, I know some guys that will come and pick up the goddamn pieces. This is 560. 2AF. The sports leader, sports radio 560. 2AF. 2AF. My family, my father, dad. Today's broadcast is brought to you by new concleam. The all-purpose cleaner. See this shirt? It's a second clean. How many pieces carpet stain? Well, just drop down to your knees. Use a little bit of elbow grease and look in clean it. Yes, you can clean anything. Clean your dog. Clean your silverware. Clean your car. You can clean everything you own. Get clean today. Come visit one of our eight-conclaimed stores or look us up on the web at www.conclaimed.com. And clean it up. It's 11 o'clock at 560WQM. We got Hank coming along in the studio today with his bad tooth and all because his trip to Atlanta has been postponed when they because of his tooth thing. And then we got big bad booth. Maybe a Google kiss Chris Moore's ass on the year again to that between 67. We got Connecticut Husky's and the Syracuse Orangeman. We got the college basketball the 97. And then we got the Josh Dero Clarence on after the game in the K10 o'clock. A star started lineup. What did David J.D. likes it or not? And by the way, David J.D. Neil, who at how new point in fingers like I said when your newspaper varies the coverage on page 12 yesterday morning. What did this disgrace? Well, and I understand that he doesn't have it to control over that, but nevertheless, what a goddamn disgrace. You got one thing that's outstanding that's citrating that spectacular, it's unbelievable going on in his tongue, sports or otherwise, and they bury it because they just don't give a grant. 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and high-pilux, so hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. Buenos dias. Buenos dias. It's good to hear you talking about hockey. I guess you were saving that until, uh, so we get midseason. You didn't want to get yourself wore out. I don't know. What do you mean I was saving it? Well, we didn't. We didn't hardly talk about hockey. It means for the whole year now, you know, we're talking about hockey. I love it. But don't worry. What do you mean we? I'm not getting any hockey calls here. Well, you got one now. So before you get round out and cut me off, what is wrong with need of fire? Why are we paying him for? 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, that's exactly what I'm saying. Team is winning and winning and winning. They're 14 points ahead of the second place of capitals in their division. They're not only going to make some playoffs, but who are those? They got a shot. That's right. They got a shot. Sour, negative. Sir, why don't you move to Goddam's cemetery village. You may start a little bit young, but I think you're ready. Bitch and bitch and bitch and bitch. And I'm supposed to be missed in negativity. I'm Mr. Happiness. Okay. I feel great today. I enjoyed that game tremendously on Saturday. I'm sitting there biting my nails, watching a Washington Toronto score. They're behind the red head that tied. I'll take it. They score with a half a second after the end of the overtime and it doesn't count but I'll still take it. And these people are just professionally miserable. And they want me in now. I'm going to be miserable too. Oh, sorry, sir. I'm not going to be as unhappy as you are. Talk about that. That's the model of this town. Remember that song accentuate the positive. The model of this town is accentuate the negative. Got an accentuate the negative. Bitch, bitch, and I did mowing a lot. You got one good thing going on here and you want to pee in our paratrore. That's for you. Okay. That's a big fat smelly brown one just for you. Right through your radio speaker. I hope it sticks. God, I don't want to give you a bad back. And by the way, even if we knew the name of that doctor, we're going to give you the name. No, no, because when I'm not talking about backs, I don't have a bad back. I don't know anything about backs. I understand a lot of people have bad problems. Do I have a bad problem? No, you don't have a bad problem. No, you don't have a back problem. Do you care about that? No, no, we don't care. We're talking about I, B, S, mostly the B, S, which is most of the people we talked about on his show. They after day after day. You would know something good if it came along and bitch you want a guy they looked like or if a kid, you still wouldn't know it. You wouldn't recognize it. Somebody came at noon as the little hand struck the big hand at 12 noon exactly and just left a big big carton on your front door step with a million dollars in cash on marked bills and you'd be belly aching because the bills are also small. How can they put a lot of hundreds? It's inconvenient. I'm serious. That's the way these people are. I have never seen so many sour negative people hostile unfriendly angry, negative torque, one dimensional and I'm not going to let it drag me down anymore. I made it for you know I had this I'll be honest with you I thought I was on a way out. I really did because you had this it was bad there were times when it was really bad this IBS and at times you think I got a big tumor and they're like normal can't I? I'm not looking forward to that and you start reading about all these things it could be this it could be that which and you go through all those test and I'm as clean as a whistleman. If I look as good on the outside as I do on the inside I'd be dynamite I'd be dangerous. If I look as bad on the inside as I do on the outside of being a box but that's beside the point can't have everything. So I made up my mind I'm not going to let Greg read and this God damn horse ball company drag my ass down scroll. They don't want to provide me a studio that works I'll come and play God in Chinese melodies every day I don't give a crap there's not that my contract that says I got a city and talk to anybody it's the new rod your show you know what the new rod your show is whatever the hell the new rod your inside do this if I want to come on the year go a little bit like that every day that's the new rod your show and if nobody listens to it tough crap that's what you sign up for and you give me nothing and return nothing nothing a phone system that works oh God even the in-house phone no work nothing there and there's the be adding a good timing all right let's hear it well where did that come from where did that come from where did that come from right everything happened once I'm Friday now we're going to continue we've got a spontaneous phone that look at that I may have my he saw me I was my head anywhere near the phone no and all of a sudden we get a dial tone the line seven punches up by itself spontaneous uh emission how do you like that scored score and people like this last guy you know in the middle of all this great stuff going on a stuck breaking there in the arena on thirty-nine all kinds of excitement and uh what a past what they made to a parish for that goal and the brewery and the Whitney at a first goal would bring in for his back mr all star mr a hollow fame and uh and they very slides it right across and Whitney slams it in that and then we win an overtime unbelievable here's one great thing you got going on this time and we got too many goddamn dull slow stupid people to take the time to catch out of what it's all about only had it going on here seven years oh well way to a playoff so we can be a bunch of front running fed just like did it with a marlins that year 97 all of a sudden they were filled up and during it really part of the playoff's in 97 did they fill up the stadium? No but all of a sudden it was a convenient it was exciting to jump on a bandwagon this time is going to drown one day from a bandwagon jumpers for right there at sea level already you know and one day these bandwagon jumpers all of a sudden are going to jump at the same time we're going to look at a pushes right down under sea level they have a guy got the influx a flood in your pants from all the fully bandwagon jumpers oh wait till a playoff then we can run around our little fanners on our windows and we love you pat and yeah just like the phones in this time it couldn't see that their football team was a piece of direct a sticking rodding choking piece of direct and they could be 62 to 7 by a team by the way didn't like yesterday forgot to show up I guess by a marginal team which we obviously saw yesterday could be 62 to 7 by that team and these people are wow but I mean my mood but what happened what happened God you can't complain about the education in this down they're ain't any here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir Neil me and my wife didn't know how tightly we were clenched until Burai scored that that goal that winning goal in overtime yeah I mean I looked down at my feet I had my toes clenched my hands balled up my butt clenched I've got these balled up I was so excited I mean I mean and it was just a such a release from because I guess it carried over it's quite rich yes you got it it carried over from the night before with the frustration of the damn norm marical I mean I mean talk about one guy that just brings it against you you know yeah he was great you only you're always good against us yes and they definitely I mean if really Lindsay exposed Raybork in that playoff game as losing already maybe step in a half I mean they were really exposed in bad and he's a doddering old man yes I mean he looked down the bench I mean he sat down on the bench he really looked tired like with an expression like saying Oscar he's like a damn reenold hockey you know it's a time to hang it up I think so Neil okay pal I do right glad you're on clenched it there's a guy he's looking to have fallen again here huh there went those he has him here there are excitement three stick and calls at the board I want to see some goddamn action here today I want to see the people beside the crazy old Cuban people are a little of Anna I want to see the rest of this town get a little bit fired up and I whipped up to a frenzy instead of the same old tired garbage making this town into a laughing stock that's the problem you you have seated you've just handed over the range of the kingdom in this town to a bunch of crazy old bastard that's what you've done and I'm nauseated by it this this could be a great place we had casinos in here we had some younger people in here this could be paradise here this could be heaven you walk on you got nine okay this morning we had some rain but 99% of the days you get up in the morning it's a nice day outside what the hell do you want we just have the wrong people we have a bunch of mugwamps we have a bunch of red next we have a bunch of Bible fumping old farts a bunch of across the old lunatics taking up the goddamn highway and pushing us out of the way for their early bird that's the problem here you will let me pick who's are gonna live here this would be the greatest place on a face of the earth we won't have to have illegal goddamn brothels down there at the young girls houses in candle because it will have legal ones in every street corner we won't have to have anybody getting busted by a for medical marijuana because anyway the ones that can go down the brown cafe in a corner and smoke whatever it'll be one so when you make me your dictator they don't have things are going to change in his god forsaken place but you know what I'll be going by that anyway you'll look around O.G. he's gone are dammit long gone was that song by Bobby Daryne across the sea 10 past 11 at 560 WQM the you kind Math Okay, uh, It's the trouble. Oh, no, go ahead. The candidate lifts this thing and works my rare. Go to the Gandhi's court for the gun. Let me try something. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Mr. Bad guy. Drop the darn gun. Thank you. The Lucerie begins tonight on the world's most threatening cops. It's 11, 14. You know, something these buttons, remember who the hell was it that made these up for me? The ban early on buttons, whoever it was. Who was that lady? Remember she called that day? But I don't think I still have the thing. What? Damn it. No. But the ban early on buttons. Everybody ought to be wearing these because do we want to talk about it anymore? No. Do we want to hear about it anymore? Does it affect our lives? Oh, are we sick of it? Uh-huh. Damn it. Let's start moving. You know, this is a message for a lot of you people out there. Don't get the drag down by the crap. Take the BS out of the IBS. And you'll feel a hell of a lot better just like I do today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, on the AT&T, Whitney and Buray and Buray and Whitney. That's all you need to talk about. Do you hope we still got any more run? Do you hope we lost a game? Uh-huh. You can't talk to more runs about stuff that they don't understand. You can't do it. They don't get it. Here's a mobile and a lot of hell. Hello. Neil, if I got a store for you that just shows all about the people here in South Florida, I'm on the road. Okay. I have to take a leak so I decided to go to this publics out here in Florida. And so we can publish you? Yes. Now, as I'm walking up to the door, I can smell something coming out of the room. Okay. Yeah, exactly. I walk into the bathroom, start to go towards the urinal. And in the urinal is the huge pile of smith that I've ever seen in my life. I don't know how, I don't know how. Yeah. I don't know how the guy did this. Yeah. I mean, first of all, this pile is so huge. It looks like a cow left. Uh-huh. I can just picture some huge guy. Maybe also, is it? Why? Yeah, maybe she got one. What did the squat knit to the stick in your urinal? The big smith. It's all over the side of the urinal. It's on the floor. I'm like, you know, this is just, this is just, this is just, this is just, this is all about the people in South Florida. It's a pretty place. You might think it's going to go to the news. There you go. That's perfect. That sums it up in a kill. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 50, plus we don't have to worry about what we're eating in here today, because I'm not eating in here and don't eat when you're under stress. Don't eat while you're working. Don't eat when you're under stress. It'll tear your kishki's up. I got a whole new attitude about life, man. I'm born again. Just call me born again. Oh god. Right. Because for the first time, it over a month. I feel like almost as similar to the human being. I've just died over here. I'm dying and thinking, what have I got? Is it this? Is it that I'm not going under this test? And that test? They're looking at my stomach and looking at my stomach. And every other guy they embody part. And now I realize I'm just stressed out for working for a bunch of assholes and getting dragged down by a bunch of assholes. Am I going to allow that anymore? No, never again. Just like people don't like to show you. I don't like to show. Goodbye. See ya. You don't like when Georgia's on? Goodbye. Because you ain't going anywhere. You don't like to tape too bad. What are we doing? We don't care. We don't effink here. It's the QA and way anyway. And it's taken me over two years to finally come to that conclusion. But just like Yelde says, we don't give a shmit. Okay? We don't care. We won't care. There's nothing you can do to make us care. There you go. And I'm thinking of myself this weekend. All the time, sure there's days you're going to come in when you do show five days a week. You're not going to do a great show. But at most of the time, 99% of the time, there's been a problem that a show was it on this end. No. It was on the end of that phone. Right here, it is God's hand phone between not working in the crappy calls and eating it's out there. That's where the problem lies. Not on this end. You ought to kiss your goddamn radio right now if it sounds a little bit self-serving. Too bad, I don't care. You ought to be kissing your radio. That you got this show coming through your little thing. And your speaker too. But just like the guy with his knee to my recall, oh no, we don't want to do that. Let's find the negative. Let's get the negative to where? Let's bitch and belly aching, mone and groan. See, there's nothing wrong with bitch and belly aching. I do plenty of that. I've noticed about things that deserve to be bitch and belly ached about. But not when there's something good going on. Even Victor Coslov, here's a guy who used to be thought he was another figure skater. Another asset taken, skate around and around at circles and never finished to play. You want it to be a win, because he didn't have anybody to finish to play. And there in overtime Saturday night, team unbelievable. He's around and around and it comes out and far than that takes the shot and there's brewery to whack it and rebound. We win the game, we play screaming. We run out of there. I'll ride. Have it a good night. Nice going, Victor. Now, of course, you think that when you're surrounded by or sometimes it lifts you up. If you have the ability. Of course, you look at the morning sure on the station. I think it was a good example. I mean, it was pretty weak before I came here. And I've been here two years. Is it any better? No, no, see. So, now that if you got it and you're surrounded by greatness, then you can elevate you and lift you in another level. If you don't have it, no matter what, you don't understand. You're still going to think. But Danny, Danny, the players want Danny back and Danny. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. I need a high-hoer, yes. Great. How about those cancers, huh? Right. Anyway, I don't want that to heart attack when I saw Barry flying into the board the other night. That's how you're. That was a pretty hard hit to you, too. Yeah, he can handle himself. All these people think he's a pussy. He can handle himself. Don't give yourself. And Mike Runne would have picked up, huh? Right. So, he stopped. We were sitting way up on the top on the side and I thought that the talk was like it was right on the line. Yeah. I guess it was on the line. It didn't have to go all the way. Yes, he was all the way over, right. Just part of the talk of all the talk. Let me say again, all the way over. Okay. Which means the entire thing, just a pocket. Yeah, and my son, I, we go to the, we go about two games a month and since my divorce and I tell him, well, you know, that kind of stuff. And I don't care if you're a fan, you'll find a way to get the money to go. Right. And he's right or at least to a few games anyway. This is an account of excuses. And he's amazing to me. How all of a sudden when to play off start, you'll see you won't be able for a lover money to get near that place, once the play off start. All of a sudden they'll discover all this, the spirit of money they got in them of the crowd somewhere. And we, I went to the biggest games coming up a month and a night again. That's right. That game on Wednesday against New Jersey isn't sold out. I'm gonna, I think I'm gonna go to C. And that place. I'm gonna start running around and spinning on every empty seat. I'm gonna be pissed off. So, that's gonna be a great barometer for, for Ditto, good we are, I think. Right. Have a good day, Nia. And back to you, sir. See you in my day. See you Wednesday for the New Jersey. Double in our grants without the most exciting team in league. They're just the best team in league, which unfortunately they're back to that coma style again. I think we're gonna kick their ass. I think that's my personal opinion is that we're gonna kick their ass. People who just don't want to like get out of their house and learn something new when exciting and as much as George despises sports, I will say this. He's actually because the tickets were free on a couple of times. Come to look, couple of hockey games. I'm gonna open money, guys. There you go. At least boring sports a lot. What do you go to the dolphin game? No. No. What do you go to a heat game? See if there's much of seven foot spartures batting it around? No. What do you go to a Marlin's game? No way. Well, when they have the free food at the time. But I have the free food out there, yeah. But then I watch something else on TV. Of course. At least they give you a goddamn channel, you know, a remote control for the TV. Thank God. So now I have to watch that boring Marlin crab. And then they've been over the weekend. I figured which paper was it? I got a whole puff piece. I must be crazy. I must be crazy. Yeah, the front page and the 85,000 paragraphs about what a great guy John Henry is. He never stole a freight train and he said you're wonderful guy. Yeah. Right. You should live so long. He's a puts. Another snake roll salesman who got bamboozled by Wayne. Of course, join the club. There's a long list of us got bamboozled by Wayne. Now he expects everybody else to bail his ass out. Is he going to happen? No, bye bye, John Henry. They like baseball on Cuba. Maybe he could escort Ali on home. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Maybe they'll build a Mr. Emec sir. How are you doing? Great. Listen, what's the, you know, macarena for the first time the other night? We'll have my daughter or first hockey game. And she says, me bad. I would rather see one hockey game than go to 10, while I'm in the game. Right. We had the comfortable time. We sat in the last row session for 16. I mean, what, there's not a bad seat in that place. You can see the expression on the player's face from the way up there. Yeah. It's unbelievable. We had a great time, you know, in between and the session we set in, nobody's getting up and down to get the food and go back and forth. Everybody's watching the game into the game. You know, it's time anybody got up was in between periods. You were done at the food court. There's no more than two or three people ahead of you. They get in. You get out the bad. I like that Mickey arena in Miami where I keep talking about the fact that the corridors are real narrow and the lines are real long. And they go out and get a sandwich or a soda or something. You have to wait for like a half an hour. Yeah, you've been taxed. You have to start it in the next period. You had the best time. That's stadium is fantastic. I love it. And I will definitely be back at that video. Good. See you there, pal. Excellent. All right. Take care. And a lot of people bring their kids, which is great. Although I will say this, there was a lady a very nice lady who sits down in our section. She knows who she is. And I know who she is. But at any rate, she had two little kids sitting behind her. And they were kicking the back of her seat. And as she came up after the first period she went by, she said, those kids don't stop kicking my seat. They make a hole in a box. Something like that. That's what I was thinking. So if you bring your little kids that's great because that's the way to get your kids into the game. But don't, but take a little bit of control. Are you taking control over your kids? No, like I said, leave them home. People that let their kids run rough shot and just stand around and look around and they're oblivious. You know, I've seen that as in-in times. Like people in airports with their little kids or just destroy everything in their site. They're getting into the computers. They're on a keyboard. They're not going to stop apart. They're getting, they're opening the door and setting off the alarms. And a parents are like, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. Like that. I think anytime you see that, you're at it, there ought to be a sterilization squad. And you ought to have like a special number. Like 911 will have like a 611 or several, some other number. And you can, and you bring in a sterilization squad. They report immediately. And right there in a spot, they snip them out. Yeah, they sterilize them right there in a spot. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. And you are way of great. I gotta tell you, if you, if I'm sure you have, if you want you outside the country with people outside this will we're laughing at us. I mean, you look at the news and everything. Everything's in the alien. This is an alien that the world is passing. Yeah, I'm also, is that anything new? No, I mean, that's what it sounds stinks. We lose the grass, the grass and the grass. We lose the pan and I'm getting the right because somebody just engaged my things about cats. Go with something. This sounds sucks. Okay, thanks. There's a bulletin for you, okay? This town sucks. Oh, major bulletin. All here was just repeat everything I got through things. Yeah, I don't, I don't need that. I don't need that. I understand your frustration, sir. But just calling in, pirating what I just got through saying is that interesting? Oh, no, so, you know, Canon. Maybe you can sell it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's accentuate the positive goddamnit because like I said, otherwise you wind up with IVS with a lot of the BS, the Boltzmann with twisted kishis. And I'm sick of having twisted kishis because there are a lot of assholes running around out there. I'm oblivious. I don't care about them anymore. And like I said, that little kid alien, you can put them on a guy that didn't put animal for all I can. You can put them on a guy that didn't count. I don't give a crap. I carry a lot more about people who are here in a bin here in American citizens, what I mean, or even illegally, and it's like George, whatever his status is this week. Then people are coming on a goddamn rubber wrap because they're waiting for a joy ride here. No free ride here. Go home. Goodbye. Adios, you're a ghost. Send them to Guantanamo. Okay, they're going to build a goddamn monument. He's going to have a castle on a palace to be living. He'll be running a guy named Kuchin, other two, three years. He'll be like the Salih Lama. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQN. Hey, Captain, no, this is going on. Turning his hands on the last key in. Weak night. Only on SportsRakeU560 QAL. Ray, what do he has to fear? On the over week ball, they're so good. They told the people around. They got a bag of new farm and his office is finally building a little bit of a crowd. They're going to be a little bit of a big hit. And Captain, welcome back to you. You say all is well or you go to hell, it's all up to directly up with him. Yeah, I hate to say that bad when you're standing on a door round. So, you've been for the all those ground. The unit and the bell dark. I don't know, like, mom. If you don't bring her to jail, sir, long time. Don't call her anybody. The others, sports, playing child. They're a bad criminal, they do it like. I think you can catch them all, run with them all the great of murder. And they all run. As long as they can, it's the bleacher. You sit out some day, Steve. In the case, you get ready, all this day, they can only hit the land that's like you can't wait. He'd be back at that land and I'll handle round. No, we can't wait for he on the ground. The unit and the bell dark. The unit and the bell dark. The unit and the bell dark. We can't wait to hear the channel, so long. I'm 31 at 5.60. But you can't wait to hear the channel, so long. I've discovered, actually, like them. Beans and onions. Bakes beans and onions. You out of a can. And you know what? I'm just going to make you fart that word. Where did you come up with that? Where are you? Oh, baked beans. Bakes beans with the onions. Oh, yeah, gosh, it didn't make me, gosh, just play instantly. No, not at all. I feel so much better doing this fiber thing. I think I'm going to bring that book into more. If you're doing that, can't you do it? And like I got to call last week. Oh, aren't you doing that? Can't you do it anymore? I'm doing it. I'm doing great. But if you're not doing it, I'm not doing it. Well, sir, I'm sitting here with my little finger. Deep inside my rectum. Why don't you try it now, huh? Boy, not everybody works the same. Not everything works for everybody the same. If it works for you, do it. More power to it. Gagas and their hate have a great life. But the fiber thing, I think is where it's at. Was that loose away on the acumen? No, no. Then of course, there's a Peter Leonard story. 56050560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? OK. I respect your opinion about Vegas. I wanted to ask. I'm going out through the first week of March. Played down staying at the Morage. I was going to go to the right. Haven't been out there on a while. What would you suggest that you want to go for a nice dinner? 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. How did I know the first word out of his mouth? That's what it was going to be. So that was really was that hysterical? No. Was that a panic? No. Was that a panic? I would say the restroom that the guy was talking about it. Public before? Or the guy Schmidt and the Euron. I think that would be a good meal for you right there. That's a good start. Little appetizer for you. And work your way out over to the bull. Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I want to thank you for pointing out what most of it is known for a long time. That Cosloff is a brilliant, brilliant center. A lot of sports riders who gave up on a mirror in the ear. All of a sudden discovered that maybe they were rough. I mean, how could you not give up on me? He was very disappointing. But now all of a sudden he's playing with a great guy. And look how great he's playing. And you got a guy that's got tremendous talent in Whitney. He's going to be playing the last two years. Look how much better he's playing is playing with a superstar. Well, that question is it's definitely catching. And I want you to know that on top of that, on Sunday after he had that brilliant set up for the Overtime goal, he showed up at the, he was there for a charity fundraiser. Right. And a lot of these superstars could easily have kissed it off and said they're tired. He happens to be a quality guy off. See, if this is another thing these people don't appreciate. I mean, they used to talk about it back in the early days. I guess what it was a novelty about the, you know, the fact that the hockey players were friendly. And they sent autographs. They weren't a bunch of scumbags. At least most of them, like a lot of the football players and some of these other guys. And now it's like that it calls me on Thursday or Friday with we can't follow the team. Because we don't know the players anymore. Well, how hard is it to catch up with who's on the team? You know, get a program. I don't get the mentality there. And no matter what good is throwing you face, you find something to bitch about it. I just don't get it. But the other thing I wanted to say is I suffered with your ideas from for about 10 years. And I found a cure. Right. I got rid of the assholes that were around me. Right. I got that immediately. Exactly. So I wish you do the same. What is working for me already? Thank you. Thank you, God. Thanks a lot. Five, six, seven. Who's that Victor Coslaw man? They're talking, who's that said like some kind of a rushing guy? He would have russian mafia. Yeah, another one of those guys. We don't know these guys because they traded away all of our favorite people. Yeah, what a bunch of morons. What a bunch of losers. Losers. Losers. Taking up space that we are living and breathing people could be taken up. God, this like I said, this could be paradise. We could be surrounded by three four million really happening people. People who are with it. People who have brain people that are good sense of humor. People who enjoy the good things in life. Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. Man, when it's out they just worry out. But not this kid. I'm oblivious to them anymore. I don't care. I got my own agenda. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think this is the first time I've called. And I got to tell you, you are a jerk. Be cause. Let me finish. Yeah, no you finish. Okay. I took, we have a minor league hockey team here. The fall, Florida, EverLay. I took Mike, you took Dean Saturday night. He was standing here, he was cheering. He wasn't kicking any seats and the people next to him. Are yelling at him, telling us to dance. He turns to me between periods and crimes. As that guy's grumpy. You just turned off a kid. I think of a kick and pay for a seat. The kick and the kick and the kick and the kick. I'm a boner. You're one of the old people. He can kick people in the back of the seat. I said he didn't kick people in the back of the seat. He was standing. Oh, so we're going to go to school. You're talking about your kid. All right. You're telling me that all these kids should be locked up and stealing a chain. You're out of crazy. Kids are kids. They pay for a seat. Yeah, and if kids are bothered with other people, I get them there. I ask out. They paid for a seat. Oh, your kid paid for the seat. I don't think so. You know what? He sounds like he sounds like a lot of those parents. It's good to let his kids do anything. If you want to scream and shout and be in food, that enthusiasm. That's the great. I have no problem. That's what you're supposed to be there for. I'm a jerk because I'm seeing as soon as he starts attacking, that tells me what his kid must have been doing. I don't think that most people go to any event of any kind, looking to complain about the way somebody else is behaving. But if they're kicking you in the back of the seats or they're doing things that are like making your life miserable, you've got to write to complain. And if you don't want to take control of your kid's man, you've got a lot of company out there. Get the sterilization team over to four miles of medially and trace that call. I'm a jerk. I know exactly what I'm talking about. And believe me, there's plenty of kids in that arena. And they handle themselves fine. No problem at all. They behave better than some of the adults because they're not drunk and the slobber and all over everybody. But the fact that you take it so personally that we want to make an attack on me, that tells me everything that I need to know. Don't need Jack Webb and Shri La Combs to figure that out. Okay, sir, you're another one. 560560, POM560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. 22 before noon at QA. After hockey, Dolphins football, Marlin's baseball and now the Miami Hurricanes 2, Sports Radio 560, QA AM. That's right, my winner. Hey, who you look at that? Yeah, La is a nuttay. You can't look directly at him. You cannot look in his eyes. If you do your job goes by by, he'd say, when night, coming over you leave it to me. That's your name round. It's no one done, they've seen last and long. You're right to love. But that's my love, man. God, what if I got his bare job? And now the two of you in when you're away. You're right to love. That's your back going with your God. It's gonna treat me just saying right. You're right to love. Okay, it's an AT&T to noon at 560Q. And by the way, the hero today, very on page 12 or 13, whatever hell is 13, I guess, is their hockey stuff. Is there one mentioned on the Panthers in there? No. Not a word. They don't even have Florida, at least the Sun Sentinel has got Florida like in bull letters and the standings because it's our team. And they got an article in here by Michael Russo that doesn't save very much. But it's in there. And the trade, the pre-mo for a brand-new or a set of insulin. What's going on? The coverage in this town, you can't complain about it because basically there isn't any it sucks. And he's one dimensional, narrow-minded, stubborn ass, hard ass people. Oh, well, we didn't know from that. Yeah, well, what are you going to learn from something? When you get it off your dead ass and search smell on the panties and go out there and live life instead of wall over you. This guy didn't any on any on any on all this crap. Scroll you people on the TV channels. Okay, you're a bunch of graberobbers. You're totally irresponsible. I'm embarrassed for you. I'm ashamed that you're in this town. 4, 6, 7, and 10. I'll never as long as I live forget that day that there was not a goddamn thing going on down there on 79th in this game. There was hardly anybody left there and they still hour after hour after I all laughed in and long. I have pocket away and hooking away. See how many other people like you get to go out in the streets and disrupt this guy damn community. Don't tell me about irresponsible because 4, 6, 7, and 10. Everyone in your bunch of assholes. Everyone responsible for that coverage. You're some good people who work at those channels. I don't want to lump them in. But as far as the news people, much of idiots. Irresponsible. Exploative jackasses. And by the way, how's that brother got shot at the cemetery on sir? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. How are you today? Yeah. I have a question for you. Why the government spending so much money on this early end case? Do you have an idea? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18th, who were the son of that guy from 4 miles. He's exactly the kind of guy. You can be sure of it. But when you go to the supermarket and he and his wife were in their shopping if he goes with her, the little kid is running around knocking people down, knocking stuff off the shelves, eating food off the shelves out of the wrapper, throwing wrappers on a floor. You just know it because of the hysteria. His attitude. Oh my kid could never do any wrong. And I'll say it again. 95, maybe 98% of the kids have come to those games and there's tons and tons of them thank goodness. They behave fine. They behave great. But when somebody is doing something specific, which is what I was talking about, it's unacceptable. Whether it's an adult spill and beer on your head or it's some kid kicking you in the back of the seat, all of your going to game. It is unacceptable, sir. And you can be as pissed off and fired up as you want to be, but that's just the way it is. Because the people sitting in the seats in front of them in this case that very nice lady who sits in my session, she didn't pay her money for that seat. So some kid could be kicking her in the back of the head for her three hours. Oh no, my kid can do it all wrong. Forced sterilization. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Hey, you know, how you doing? I'm calling. Yes sir. I had to call and tell you, I still got half of voice left from studying at the game. Right? My first game of the year. Really? And I just went to the stadium of what the world tickets from my buddies. It was great. Yeah. And I wanted to win her. I got something to say for her. And there's gold by number ten. Hello. Hey, baby. Hey, baby. Take care. 5.6705. Oh, I wish you could have seen the look on Georgia's face while I was going. I just went to look an expression on his post. 5.6705.60, pound 5.60. I'm getting the BS out of the IBS baby. That's right. No more crap in his kids' balls. See, as soon as you say, a ball, irritable ball center, the only thing that they know is the record. That's not as kishies, baby. It's your intestines. That's most of it. I mean, you may have a few problems too. But it's kishies. It's that stomach. It's that the nervous twisting aching sick guy. Of course, it also affects. In fact, all the, I mentioned this the other day when it affects this stuff. What were I said? That's me. All the other side effects. I have the pain in the jaw shortness of breath, busyness, painful menstrual period. That's definitely me. Homosexuality, homosexuality, fat and nugliness, fat pain. Oh, fat pain. What was the name of that doctor by the way that they were talking about? George had back doctor. Oh, I think there's that one was doctor with dick. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. It's important to size Ely and the alien. Forget about him. I'm not discussing that. Sir, I will not discuss it. Good. I need to ask a very important question. I know you're the movie maven of the world. What was the movie that James Wood was in where they stuck in the trash compact? What's upon a time in America? Okay. That's a very important question. Thank you. And a very important answer. Okay, no. Was that an important question? No. No, but a couple of seconds. It was better than I'm going to Vegas. And what restaurant can you recommend for me to commit suicide? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You don't have to worry about it. Vegas, just go to pier 66. They got the restaurant on the top there that spins around. You know, just dive off of that thing. Get some good coverage. Ricky, maybe Rick Sanchez will be there to catch you on the way down. And by the way, the guy that he hit. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Neo, how you doing today? Okay. I like to first start by saying off in better and afford wars. And I'm really tired of keeping people here at Miami. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Did I just get you saying only moments ago? Not discussing that. Did I just get you saying that? You're tired of the Cuban people. Okay? You know, something most of the Cuban people are tired of the Cuban people. It's so cold. Exile. Most everybody with a brain is a contender. Okay? I'm not going to let this show get dragged down and fired. I'm having a good time here today. I'm going to good mood. I feel great. My physically I feel sensational. I got some energy. Panthers want to go to him game. Leafs got a heart-bought time with washing the other night. That's what's important in life. Isn't it? Well, whatever. Especially when you live here is the Ranting El Sino. No, just stay in a live man. Like the BG said, stay in a live. And I'm not going to let this radio show get dragged down in the mirror with all the other swirl with this alien crap. Because that's exactly and positively. What it is, it's a big fat pile of crap. Yes. Thank you. If we want crap, we'll go to that urinal. I want to go. I was talking about it to the public. They know their crap in my public. They're the best. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You. Yes, Neil. God. Speaking so much to say so little time. First of all, Neil. I've been out here 30 years when you leave. I believe in. Okay. But it's our good man. It's going to be soon. Second world. This Puerto Rican kid. I got a neighbor down this down there. Puerto Rican kid. Where was he from? Haiti. 560560, POM560 on the AT&T line. That only is he insisting on talking about it. He don't even know where he's from. Now all of a sudden, Puerto Ali on it's not bad enough. He's got to take all the other crap going on. Now he's a Puerto Rican. So, Phelian, what's the biggest? What's the biggest part of the world? He's going to take him back. Yeah, of Ali on goes to Vegas to see the Elas Vegas thunder at the hockey game. Who can he sit behind the kick him in the back of the head? Maybe the guy from four miles. Oh, no. He's a good little pacy. You're on medicine. Okay. Do irresponsible parents. You scumbag. You're not full of us, Mr. getting all pesty with me. How we're talking about is some specific kids. They're sitting behind this one woman. And right away, he goes getting all better. You're a jerk because, yeah. You sound a little bit too defensive for me. So you're a lot too defensive. Obviously, you're one of those irresponsible parents that lets your kids run rock shots over everybody else. And the excuses, well, kids will be kids. Yeah. Even when they're in a box, you know. Here's a mobile in South Miami, hello. You gotta blame the parents. You're right. That's right. You know it. There's nothing you can do. What do you think Philadelphia came out ahead in that trade with Brent? Yes, oh yeah. I mean, well, I mean, I had to do something. Carol, I had to do something. There's struggling with desperate. I always thought Brent and Mort were pretty straight up player. But you know, Philadelphia is going nowhere until, of course, the rumor is they're going trading the bees here, but until I get a real goal to end up in there, they're not going anywhere. You don't think premos are a bit of an attitude, a bit of a head case. Yeah, he is, but that does always mean anything. We'll see. That's the biggest. And you too. I'll, I'm sick and tired of the same big money teams. Philadelphia and the Rangers, Rangers and Philadelphia. Every goddamn Mark Keep player. Now, could Chuck suppose to go to the Rangers. Every big name player, they go to those markets. Cause they got the big bucks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's a mobile in lighthouse point. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. We've been down with our idea of supply daughter for years. It's not an easy thing to get rid of. The stress was definitely a factor. We had a trip to Hawaii and we were walking up to be able to take her along. She didn't want to go because she was the she was worried. And she's, she, she has a job and she has kids and they're stressed with that. Right. You know, I have to have to have to manage even, but still a lot of stress. We got her over there. Out of the, totally stressed for the environment. She had for a week. No problems. How do you like that? That was true. That was true to us anyway. Absolutely. The doctor's saying it's in my head and that she's all separate. It kind of opened her eyes that stressed us out. Chronic stress. Oh, you know what else helps? And I'm not saying you got to get the creepy blood that'll stown you on your blood. But my pot will, it does help. You know, a swallow mouth and then swallow it. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm not saying that the, you know, the drug deal appreciates that. Yeah, I did just walking down the streets in Amsterdam where they have the cafes under the, I rooted Vaseline. They're just walking by the cafes and inhaling. That's what that'll do it. Don't even have to go inside. Right on. And also, in front of us in our seats, there's a little girl. And I every now and then, you know, she always stands up trying to get on the over at the screen. And I every now and then she'll be up when the play starts. And her dad just sent us to town, boom, she's right now. That'll be a good man. That's a way. That's what you gotta do. I'd share it. I'd share it. She knows good parents and there's bad parents, but that Jack Asson for Myers. And we know which category you fall into. No question about it. You're responsible. Five, six, seven, oh, and by the way, we're sure, Glenn, that you're over there in four Myers, not over here, or disrupting our enjoyment at the macarina. Here's four Myers again. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, my apologies from four Myers. That idiot. I mean, he replaced his got it's losers, man. He's gonna be. Hey, speaking of that here. When I heard that guy call, I got totally pissed. I mean, let me tell you where I live. We got a canal in boats. Okay, and my neighbors have got a whole gaggle of on really kids. Jumping up and down on people's boats. I'll tell you, if I was at the end of the race, yeah, exactly. If I was at the Everboys, it would be calling the attendants to get this guy to hell out of here. Right. With the kid. And this guy in four Myers needs to listen right now, man. It's like, hey, you know, you're really infringing on other people's rights when they go through that. And you could tell by, like I said, but his is terrible reaction. Yeah, I think he's got a guilty kind of. He's a different infant. He's been defense. Wow, my kids don't do it. I can't run around, you know, you know, Schmidt and all over the boy. If his kids behave in well, then there is many reason that he would have even called. Yeah, exactly. That's why he took offense to it right away. Yeah. I mean, look at him here. That's why the fool fits. Party. I said if the shoe fits. Yeah, where it. It's thanks. Right. Okay, Neil. Have a good day. What's the full fight? Five. What's that number on the other time? I'm real quick. 87775, 6345. If the fool fights learn to fly. Great. It's video on history, by the way. That's because there's all him flags in there. Yeah, that's right. Great song, too. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Okay. Yes, sir. First time call or I love you so. Great. I don't know if you caught the, it was a hot-to-game last week. It was on in the afternoon. I think that preempted your show or you did you weren't on. Yeah. I was the way I was in Vegas. You were in Vegas, okay. There was a, there was a sound bite that you might want to go back and you can listen to it. I thought it was hysterical. It was the two announcements of Randy Molar and Jick McDonald. Yeah. There was a, a stick holding call. And they went on about this and it was not once they're holding, but holding two sticks. And the first thing to pop into my head was, was that, oh, Neil would have a field day with this. This is, this is too funny for him. And, and just the way, they were really serious about it. But holding the stick. And I'm out of material, man. We know what he's holding. Rimes with stick. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Neil, how are you? Great. That was waiting for that call to go somewhere. Yeah, right. Looks like a way. I just have a brief comment. I'm calling to Commend you on putting the clamps on the alien talk. I think it's a, what does your left to say? We've run a thing to say after the first couple of days. I mean, I mean, if something happens and they send a back or whatever is going to happen, and we have some reaction to what then I'll talk about it because that'll be what's going on here. But if I, if I hear one more word about this crappy kid, I'm, I'm going to have an alien baby myself. Right. I mean enough is enough already. I'm going to bring Sigourney Weaver in here to pop an alien out right there in the lawn at the house. Those people would have had teeth. They'll run like a like a maniac. I think Sigourney Weaver is the only thing missing that we haven't seen yet. He's coming. Yeah, maybe we'll put a wig on Rick Sanchez. Okay, have a great day. 560, 560, Pomp 560. Yeah, a bunch of people would rot at teeth. They look like cigar store Indians on a bad day. Come on, right. Leave it down. Get a rucket on it here. Go away. Put them on a goddamn banana. But round those people all up and get them out of our face and let us live our lives. That's what we say. Let us live in peace. Peace as in peace of Schmidt, which is what most of those people are. See that time. You wouldn't know what if they stuck it in your rectum. Okay, leave it at dawn. Unless it had onions and bacon on it. This is 560, 2A. The meal rotters show. It's your sports radio, 560, 2A. And... Oh, you two, you two, you two, you two, you two. I had a good body day. One, two, three. I made a few college in average to see. I have a lot of money. But not much of a brain. Like most of you voters who were just this late. But I could say one thing that you came. Not that. He is in that presence saying, I got money. Power is not the solution. I can do everything that you, a little bit of cash is all I need. Is that as far as I know and my grave. When it related markers, things all I use. The garnered vote for more rosy. Like you. That's the school that they put in the last. I don't think I left that last. I don't have that. Because, for members of those for George Bush and those of you who don't, you can kiss my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a nice conversation speech. I'm the king of denial too. I have no problems with life at you. So why is it so important for you to know? Well, or not, I did know a little bit of cocaine. I've not known a little bit of truth. A little blow. When I'm gonna make it out of it, and I'll do it. And then, well, that. When I put up the conscience, treat it in pain. I'm hard. 12 or two at five sixty. WCM happy Monday to it. We got to hang coming up in a studio. Bad tooth and all the two this afternoon. That's what Bluff said. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Bluff is on a job. He's the on a. Do it. No, he's doing it. Here's the four. Lawyer Dale. Oh. Fort Lawyer Dale. Yeah, I. Yes sir. Okay. Neil? Yes. Just me and I got a question for you. Why are you always so aggravated? Because I talk to people like you sir. Okay. Maybe you could learn from by talking to people like me. About what? What would you like to do at Teach me sir? I don't want to teach. I'm not the least bit aggravated. I'm in a great mood today. I don't know what you're talking about. You don't know. No. Well, and what do you want to teach me today? Sir, let's go. Let's learn something to that. I don't want to teach you. You just got your saying. You said you could learn something from an old fart like me. What am I going to learn? You're always aggravated. How do you know that unless you listen every day? I listen occasionally. Yeah. Well, maybe you just picked the bad days. Or maybe today's when you're on a radio. Maybe that's what puts me in a bad mood. That could be it. 5605060, palm 560 on it. Do I say am I aggravated? No. I'm in a great mood. That's the I feel better than I have in a month. And you hear that across the old fart? What kind of a call is that sir? Why would anybody with a life underlining that part with a life? Call and wait a few minutes to get on here to say that. I'm not interested in your critiques sir. Okay? I'm doing just fine without your help. You cross the old fart. And by the way, you dropped your bag. 560505050 on the AT&T line. Here's Miramar. Hello. Neil, first time call. Great show. Yes sir. Cudos and I want to salute you for getting rid of all this ealy eye. Come on. No moss. I was losing my lunch every morning. Hey, other than kissing your butt on the air. I want to let you know that Miramar's portion ealy. And we support you. Thank you sir. Okay. What do you say? Do we know he's all? Whatever he said. How do you say? How do you say? Wow. Whitney and Burray. Bri and Whitney. That's where it's at. 5605050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah. Why will anybody be angry with us? We got so many old farts like that guy. That sour sour. You can hear it in his voice. The to jam stuck in his esophagus. Here's four miles. That guy's like the bridge tender or something. Do you know what he's not like to me? Yeah. Exactly. You know that guy that's called about these. These minor league hockey games over here are preempting the. Panther games on the radio. It's hard to pick up. 560 at night. So they put this minor league crap on. You know, it's just fine. If you want to go there and watch a game. But you know. Who wants to hear some stupid minor league hockey in that? The Panther is who are just kicking serious ass and with the exciting. Play with the guy. The world wants to hear some little kids team. You want to talk about trust. He'll far to get to hear the play by play guy. I can imagine. And in the in the afternoon guy here. They cut off the hammer to a clock. Or at four clock. And they put this. This real cross. He fart on. These are real crockish. But anyway. They cut the cut. Hank off. What? At four clock. The position. Exactly. Exactly. And you know, it's like. It's a pretend radio state. Yeah. It's a make them up to make the company. And they got these in mind. It's the one of these. These are not broadcasters. These are grave robbers. They're not broadcasters. And they got these. They have got their own nickels to rub together. And these but brothers that are on in the morning. Yeah. They blow. badly. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. We care about four. Myers radio. Five six seven. Look at this. Look at how we hear we go. What did I just say. Man, it's a good. They're out of material already. You can smell it. You can smell it. When crushed. The old farts like that. Guys recalls ago. When they start calling in. You know they're out of material. How come your eyes are so aggrated. Yeah. Yeah. He got away low for the water. Not see. They make a good pair. In fact, maybe that was her doing a voice. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. We've got the greatest goddamn thing in the world going on right here. Right here in our town is a beautiful new macarooner. And these people, what do they got to say about it? Nothing. Nothing. Absolutely positively. Nothing. Because they refuse to learn. I will not have a good time. I will not get turned out of something good. I will not learn anything new. I'm a thunderhead. And I like it that way. That's what they're saying. I'm a one dimensional. Myopic little thunderhead. I'm what this town is all about. And what they're saying. Here's a mobile and forlater deal. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Very good. Listen. I'm a goddamn air in South Florida. I just put some away to the radio station. But we've talked about this on a really parent thing. And that's a beat to storage at that. But the problem is these days that the parents want to be the kids to fence friends. You know, that's not what I'm twenty six years old. And when I was going up, you know, you're finally with your father. You're following me with your father. And your mother was your mother. You had your own friends. You have to work at them being buddy. Both. Right. And he's a little bit respect. Before you go to one event like that, you already know they would have already taught you to have respect for other people. And they don't keep people in the back of the head and stuff like that. Yeah. You know, and now I'm moving. I'm in my family with a great relationship. But when I was a kid, I sat down. You know, there's a woman. It's just a bounce. I'm like if they get ready for your time. Make sure it's comment on that. Okay. We got 45,000 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah. I mean, you're like a breath of fresh air. Yes, I am. I just a quick question for you. I moved up from Miami to Plantation. I'm just past year. And you know, I don't really know 20 places like, you know, a middle age. Regul. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and coral spring. And you know, I can actually be playing well. It's going down in the pants. Is it one of the crazy? No. No. No. They were running like crazy before he was sent down. That's why he was sitting in the seat. No, no. They were, okay. But they're affected that they're having a much more successful season now with him going. I don't know why to catch up. But let me let me ask you this question. Let me say it again. Just like they got a wanted to belly a couple of robbing and how he had on planes so good. Well, why would we want to talk about Chris Wells? The team is spectacular. They're dynamic. Why would anybody with a brain call issue and keep beating over on Chris. Well, I'm surprised they're not called about two barns again. One dimensional people. Negatory, regulatory, sour, Negatory. He's gone, sir. He's long gone and the eight coming back. They admitted a mistake, a bad mistake. And he has absolutely nothing to do with what's going on right now, which is great. But all these people want to do is bitch and moan and I don't know what it's aggravated. Not me. Oh my god. This show, this is the most accurate reflection of what this town is all about. It has been for years. All you have to do is listen to these colors every day and you know exactly what you're in for here. This is it. What you hear is definitely what you get. Nine minutes after noon at five sixty WQMs. The Panther told the Red Hot New Jersey devil and a battle of the big and lunar. Win's day nine. Join the New York Sports Center. Join the New York Sports Center. Join the New York Sports Center. He's on the floor. He's a trending roller for the action. And there's previously a start to seven here on Sports Radio 5, 16, 28. Okay, 13 pass noon at five sixty. Well let's put that press conference on here right now. What are you saying? No. No. That's yesterday's news march. I mean he's a good guy. Jim Tree Crawford, one of our engineers, came in here and they heard her. Her cooons traded Keith P. Motorifiers were bringing them more. That's yesterday's news. I mean he meant well, but though I already know that, my top of these things. Oh yeah. Wow. But if there's a press conference, let's put it on the air. What are they saying? Come out. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T A. But he wanted to hear what they're saying? No. I don't need her. Yesterday's news. Here's a lady in Springfield. Hello. Hi, New York. Yes, ma'am. Hi. This is Cindy from Springfield Mass. Springfield Mass, the two of you. Hi. Yeah. I talked to you. I was the first one to call you on the wine. Right. Way back when. And I want to call and say hi. And say hi to my boyfriend, Nick, and Lantana. Uh-huh. And actually he gave me your CD for Christmas. Great. Yeah. Great. And I wanted to wish him and his family happy Australia day. It's the swim stay. How you been? Great. It's cold here. Yeah. And it's warm here. Yeah. And have a great day sweetheart. Okay, you too. Bye-bye. Five six seven. Five sixty. We got sixty thousand open lines here waiting on you. No waiting today. See, I was going to not take any calls today. But boy, I sure am glad that I did. Because otherwise we couldn't hear from that guy in four miles with that kid. That needs to be spanked. Need to open. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Just like if you're on a plane. And you're unfortunate enough to have somebody with a little kid sitting behind you. A kid that's old enough to have legs long enough to be kicking the back of your C. You see, if if it's me and that happens, you just turn around and blow their crap away. Of course you can't have a gun on a plane. That's really problem with that. Even a water pistol. The only thing worse than kids like that is the parents who permit that to go on. Because if it weren't for those parents, it wouldn't go on. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, you fat fat, you. Speaking. I got this and I got something. You get off your knees. I got you. I got some for you, too, pal. I'm so pounds. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's up? Great game, no the night. Yeah. What do you think about that call in the playoffs at all? Terrible. awful. I mean, the worst call in the history of any sport in that the Tampa game is that it's how in God's name to see over rule that. If that's a kid, I mean, that's a catch. That's not a catch. What does they consider catching? Yeah, I mean, the ball did hit the ground, but he had his hands around and he had full control and possession. Some are all in med and of course, so a pack can't see anything because he's got one I've fallen on it, but he was able to do it was a catch. That was in a disgrace. And you know, at least he would have made the last 45 48 seconds exciting. Oh, man, I tell you. Because I'm telling you that would have been the only excitement. That was the most pondress freaking game Jesus. And thank God Tampa didn't get in the way he came right down. Or can you see a Super Bowl with the way they would have hit me that one too? What? It gave me that pick with the teaser. Yeah. Okay, great. Oh, oh, did you hear that, George? He didn't get hit that two with the teaser. That's our pull question. He liked better the teaser or the teaser. You gambling people. Don't you get it. Don't you understand? Don't you can't you fathom that there were those of us who don't care about bidding on Sporting events? Can't you understand that? Oh, what about? How much? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18 and T1less line. So just, see, there I go again though. I'm not going to let it get to me. I'm not because that'll allow my BS back in my IBS. I mean, he starts up. I'm making a good point and it was a horrible call. I forgot to mention that it was a low test and unacceptable. But then he's got to give me, I don't who cares. I don't care whether you want money out of that. Now, last couple of Mondays ago, a palpino park. I bet the 7 over the 234 and the 7 broken to start in the 2. Took a crap on that. I mean, who cares? Nobody cares. It's not interesting radio. It's swell. It's slime. It's nukus. God. Here's a mobile in the western. Hello. Mobile in western. There you go, Neil. Great. Great. Got a question for you. What's the scoop with Tom Green Show anymore? There's your show and repeat all the time. Yeah. Now he's busy. I don't know. Well, what do you think is going to happen? Do you ever make it down here to sell for? Do you ever make it down here to see us? No. Never. He's most of the stuff I've encountered. That's where he's from. Some of them is done up there. Oh, because I've been watching him for a while now. I mean, notice the full repeat. Yeah. Well, that's a great show. But the problem is that they just don't have enough different stunts. I guess they're fill up your show. And additionally, which MTV specializes in that anyway, they take something to make sure it's over and over and over and over again till it's coming out your ears. I hear you. How are you feeling? Great. It's sensational. Better than I have in a month. It doesn't phase me, pal. Just keep it up. You want to eat it now? I got everybody in my family listed in the, all right. Maybe you'll see you down at the track. Have a great life. All right, buddy. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying in one record and out the other ear. That's how it goes. You fact that, yeah. Those are people that are making like four or five bucks an hour. People like that, you know? People are only wish to dig it a four to real life. Yeah, assuming that they would know what one is. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. I would come and about, well, first of all, there's that telephone system. You guys have there a stock. Okay. I think, you know, it's, I haven't put you coming about that. You're the on-prem. I'm not on this show, you don't. 560, 505, don't you understand the seat that they all have hearing problems? Maybe they, maybe they got from the hockey game, sir. They ought to be talking to these people and going up about three inches away from the rear. And shouting at the rear. Hey, guess what? We're not talking about that asshole. Well, we're just talking about any other one you want, but not that asshole. No, say, permisa, a key. You got it. No way, Jose. We're not interested. We're tired of it. We got alien coming out of our rectum. Here's, no mass, pull mass. Reg a lot of our otherwise. We got of our face. And by the way, go to your teeth, though. Maybe Hank and hoax some of those people up with the dentist who are going to the day. Yeah, I got a good dentist. Maybe, I'll, I wouldn't wish it on my dentist set him over to see you got a doctor Gary. Why? No, we'll have to chop that off anymore. Thank God. You know, doctor Gary. Why? Great dentist. Only one problem of a doctor Gary. Why, you know what that is? You can't think for a sh**. Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. I was wondering if you just heard about what that fat, but we'll say about told. Just did. Sir, are you starting again with that? What did I just get through? No, no, no, no, no. This is about him. This is about him setting a letter to Jan Arino. Sir, let me say it again. I am not discussing that crap to day on this epic show. Do you understand? No. No, no, no. And no matter how much you try to how you try to present it, no matter how much whipped cream in Sherry's and nuts you put on. The answer is still. No, let me say it again. No. No. No. I don't want to hear one more whisper about Jose basuto. Making the as ballarts. Iliana Ross, the latent in the Rosanna dance. I don't want to hear any of that crap. It doesn't have anything to do with my life or your or your life. Or your life or the real world. It's crap. It's kaka. It's the worst swill in the history of the human race. Even man is knows what it is. Kaka, poop, piss and write. What else? What am I missing? Not much. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello. Okay. The L.I.1. I couldn't get to get to that week when you were here on the subject of the bat. Fetchies. That's not a six story. I owned a jelly up and bought the first. Yeah. And we had this guy come in. We had fun with the jelly. We had to explore for a time that I make a thing. I was at line up with the bill. We had this one guy who came in a rush hour at lunchtime. And in order, a little worse. Fetchie. And you had to speed it a little worse on the roll. But with extra must it. And then on it. Now, if you know anything about the jelly business. Well, you know, the liver work that you will, you know, the machines, the jelly machines will try and modify it. You know, it gets all over. And then you got a claim machine before you can make the next barrel. Yeah. So this one on the two week, this guy coming in the same time, the same thing with every day. Finally, I got a older one. Except for when I said listen, this thing she's I said the FDA is we're going to pull it out because it's not good for you. They found out that it'll do something to it. So I'll make a shit. So the guy finally, I said, don't work. It's stop. I mean, it is the worst, the most accepting between liver work and head disease. Yeah. I mean, I can do it. I don't mind liver works, but to look at head disease, how could anybody look at it and eat it? Especially with liver work, too. I'm going to try and stop. If you have a smoke that says you would never eat it. It would start off. Yeah. I just want to relate that very to you. Thanks. Nice. That's a good news. But I like job. Here's one of the guys in America trying to stamp out head disease. Okay. There are a lot of things like that. You know, they might taste okay, but do you want to close your eyes before you put it in your mouth? 560, 0.560, 0.560, 0.560 on the 18T wireless line. I think a lot of you guys out there know what I'm talking about. Okay. It's my drip. Yeah. After closing your eyes real tight and hold on. Hold your breath. Hope for the best. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. You know, these clouds are going to pop the clouds. These fools are class. Let's say here at a bench up day. I get to hear people talking to you. And it's the comedy hour. Isn't that the goal of your show? Yeah. That's the goal of my show. Are you on a pay phone or something? I'm on a crappy day. Oh, man. It works. I would not get a refund. I'm moving in selling all these phones. Again, I'm in a system plan. Okay. That's what I hear. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Get in the phone. Something like that. 560, 0.560. Yeah. The hour to the phone. How about somebody out there making a phone that really works. Wouldn't that be great? Well, all the technology we got with TVs and HD TV and all the stuff coming along. And phones just not good. Why should it be so hard? We get calls from overseas and they sound better than one of the calls we get from right here at time from like five blocks up the road there. When a Jamaican's called in, it got the, got their special on good weed. Yeah. Yeah. Can't understand anything. They're saying damn it. When those imperious jigs, you make them in their calling in. That's our pull question day. Who'd you rather hang out with? They didn't appear as to make it a woman or something young too. They'd like that. Maristory. Whatever name is. I'm not saying. Who's got the better dope? Oh, no question about that. Come on. So anyway, let's find some good Colombians up there. I'll say it again. I was wrong. The Colombians are generally very ugly people. I just met one or two exceptions years ago and it kind of like, stayed in my, in my head. Here's the mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Hollywood. Yes, sir. I just can't tell you that I got a little dish and I love it. I don't have to watch any local news. None of that both. Schmidt. Right. That's going on. And just who calls me today? The news. Taking a poll on that little piece of Schmidt. And to go back to Cuba. Can you believe it? 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18. Well, he wasn't his fault. They called him up to take a poll. He said, give him a poll like a fish and pull and put him on a little work at your boat and send the back. Okay. Goodbye. Bye, Junior. And don't take that dog because you know how to treat a right. It's holding that dog up. I'm sorry. I don't like that. I'm a dog lover. You don't hold a dog like that. You know, the only creature we're holding the dog like that would be Elante Clista would do that. That's what I read in the Bible. That's what the good book says. Elante Clista. Hold the dog up by like under the front. Let all its weight hang down a balance ass in on the back. Oh, that's bad. That's real bad. I think that's living proof right there that these people aren't. He just, sorry. Wake up with the first knees. Joe Rose Jeff de Paris and Steve Goldstein. We did morning's effects. Only on fourth radio 560, you A-ham. Oh, God, me. Oh, God, me. I love the supernose each week on HBO. Firmativee Al-Biste. Set up my own future. Tony's months of looser. Now we know who wants betraying. He goes to therapy. Take pro-sectaly. Want to be with that to melt me. Just once I know what just loves the supernose. They should win. O6-Teen, amaze cause. Tony's a bitch. I hate the dog. The dog is a dick. They do it. The dog is a dick. They do it. They can be with fear. They can save their favorite lonely lives. They're lonely. Then lonely? In the corner, our lemon looks as B. They are family. To suit vegetation. They compete with these ingyers. Well, the time, big foot of foot of fame, foot of fame. The aboard the cops, they don't stop. The grandnowns, oh yeah, I love them. We will see what's owning. Let's see, big pussy ass. It's mommy. It's crazy. I'm not nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Who I know. I'm not nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. This show. It's real for some grandnowns. Oh yeah. It's real. Yeah. Hopefully you want to try six. You don't need to be too much. I should've asked you about it. Well, you can get the your gulf of fish. For the back of your car. It's got the fish sign only. It says gulfilter in the middle. Right off the internet. Archimix fee. Free gifts with every order by the way. Archimix fee. MCPHE. And it says gulfilter. Now you can let everyone on the road know that you like to nash on the gulfilter fish. It says gulfilter comes from the it is word for stuff because the fishkin was wrapped around the patty before baking. Hey, we just learned something. How do you like that? The fishkin was wrapped around the patty before baking and that's where the word comes from. You filter. And then of course they put that that's smart me. It's not around it in the jar. That's gel. Whatever the hell they call it. Oh, god. It looks kind of interesting, but it's not. 56050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's north Miami. Hello. Hey, don't nail. Great. Listen, I was listening to you last week when you were saying that you had gone for that. They gave you that bearing on that amount and everything. Yeah, I was passing blood. I had went and got a check up the doctor. They sent me for that test and everything else and they found that I had what's called internal hemorrhoids. And the doctor was pushing the laser surgery. The one thing that they don't tell you about is, after the surgery, the procedure that they have to do to you, which is basically because of the development of scar tissue, that they have to stretch it back to its normal size. If I did known this, yeah, I would have tried to find another. So I had to go through four weeks of this. This thing is something inserted and they used it's a tool that they used to stretch the scar tissue. You must have said it was not. Dr. Tool in your back though. Wow. And then the thing is because it was a teaching hospital. I had to go through other things. Oh, no. Teaching hospital. Oh, no. There's nothing that was the only one experiment with your back though. Yeah, it was the only one that the coverage, you know, medical coverage I had would allow me to go to. Another subject I wanted to touch on is the reason why all these old Cubans have this hatred for the Delta size. The government is going on. My father was part of the overgene. And he said that what happened was a lot of times they had to delve around it when they, you know, when he was going through this revolutionary process. And the reason they wanted him in is because the Delta came from a wealthy do family. And he was educated. And the people that had the money had a problem with the tea stuff being that he was, the type of a slight darker hue. So once the Delta go over it, he told them that they had 24 hours to get out of the country in 23 hours or up. All these people had to run out. And leave everything behind. I had to do that. They were going to have them self-apopotruler and he just about. So this is why all these political, greatly people. It's crazy people over here. I have this hatred for him. Not to say that the dollar is the best thing that ever happened to Cuba if you look at the history of it. I look at the history of it. Okay, I look at the, I have a great day. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T world. So I do want to talk about Cuba. No. No. I mean, that was pretty interesting. The first part, Bo, do we want to talk about Cuba? No. Tips. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Okay. I was talking to you too. Here's Boca, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. With Tom Green Show, I heard that MTV fired up. Wrong. No. Don't get sucked into those internet rumors. Okay. I thought it's totally untrue, sir. Let me say it again. He didn't dress up as Hitler at a bar mitzvah. And MTV didn't fire him and it's Boca. So it's another one of those stupid internet to things. Same with the question. Yes, sir. Redzie's spirit. All right. All right. All right. Isn't that in here yet? What? The Britney Spears thing. He's talking about it. On the one under. On the rage. Go, it's your better. That's from. Look, that's not in there. I'll find it. So I'm this one 38. What am I? What am I? I got a memory? Not what, huh? It's not in there. It's called underage. Is there any of the George and in there? Trust me. Believe me. I'm sharp today. Sharp is a multiple. Sharp is a piece of a filter fish with a four-skin wrap around it. I'll get to it. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, you need it. Yes. I'd like to. Okay, pony voice. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'd like to take a big, very, of an animal is what I would go right ahead, sir. We are guests. Okay. Stuff that thing way deep in your rectum. You have a blast. So to speak. Here's Hylia, hello. Oh, hi, Neil. Enjoy the show. Yes, sir. Listen, I went through all those tests that you went through and cut. The answer was nothing. And then about 10 days ago, it ought to say, if you're going to put you on this keyflags, 500 milligrams, three pills a day. The turkey is a smell like sulfur. You're not supposed to break them open or have you. Neil, I'm cured. And I had it. Even one visitor to the emergency room. Yeah. Keyflags, 500 milligrams, and I can't believe it. You got the stickier, sooner or later. Don't worry. I think you taught more of that. I am enjoying the show. Okay. Thank you. Easy. Okay. It's a tough time. You got the stickier, sooner or later. Don't worry. We don't talk to too many people that kind of an accident. Do it, which is low. Probably just as well. And he's good. Good guy. He took his T-flags. I'm not taking anything. Am I going to take it? No. Maybe you've good dump every now and then can't hurt. I feel great today. I feel almost human in spite of this place. Because I made up my mind this morning. Come in the lights are all out. The fuses are blown. The phone is all screwed up. I said to myself, hey, I'm finally made all this progress. I found out there's no major catastrophe going on in my body. For an old fart, for an old fat bag who's really out of shape. Actually, it's a miracle that I'm doing this well. And so why to hell punish myself? Because great reason asshole. And the beastly is making him look good. What does that tell you? I mean, I'm not just saying that it happens to be true. This man is a compulsive wannabe who is destroyed people's lives by pretending and, you know, by maintaining things that are totally untrue. How's that other 1150 bucks by the way from the OJ Golf tournament? I'm just having fun coming on. We're going to see that? No. No. I mean, just knowing that he and his henchmen, he and his little inner circle jerk of people, knew all about that OJ thing. That tells you right there that you never going to get the truth out of this guy. He could tell you what day of the week it is. You'd run to the counter and look at double check. You could tell you it's right on outside. You'd run to the window. It's sick of your thing out the window. Because he's a bullshit artist. That's his answer. Am I going to let him a person like that destroy my life? No. Just give me the checker. We couple of weeks and I'll come in and do the best I can with a crap that you give me to do it. They got that nice studio over there. And just yards away from us. They got a big, sorry, a tight old talk studio in there with eight million microphones around it. I'll kind of good stuff. Of course they don't have their own phone. They're in a control room so they can communicate with the other world. Because did they have it? No. No. Because that might cost a few bucks. Don't you understand folks? They just haven't got it. They haven't got the money. They're trying so desperately to be something that they're not. And that is big shots. And they are where they are. Where they are. They're supposed to be. They got an eye in there. Instead of an old, they got an eye in there. Yeah. Big brown one. Twenty two before one in five sixty QA. The sports leader. We have no reason. Sports radio five sixty. QA. A.L. From all baby, come play with these titties. All right. How young is too young? You're the only thing you love my heart. But I don't let you keep on checking up my heart. Yeah. I'm glad you could come play with you. Can't help my breath, they're broken up my love, steady. You come on to me. You're the same as the same as the day. And it sounds dark. But if you want to be, you know the thing about me. Don't think you know. I like it. I'm on the main. I'm on the main. You should make it a main. But you could go to jail and let me run me. If I breathe, you'll let it out, friends, don't you be. She was twenty five but she's just a few. No, I'm a little afraid. That is all about that. My best I'm a little bit scared. Because I'm half the girl being known. I'm not a girl, it's my name. And I'm half the girl being run now. When is that? She's under age. She's good. She's everytant of me. it's a 1244 she's a legal age now that's here it's a building up man I guarantee she's doing somebody a lot of course we don't really know what it is or five six seven oh five sixty and I'm sure a lot of people out there are wondering you know people kind of like a yeah wonder about those things five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on our AT&T where I will slide come on Whitney and Burre Burre and Whitney any interest out there anybody know what I'm talking about anybody excited and looked up to a frenzy oh no no very very sad tragic I feel so sorry for those of us for the so the you know handful of us with an IQ bigger than our thumbnail in this town that have got any kind of taste for life this is not a place for people with a taste for life that's why keep don't you every chance I get I get on a plan I go where they're living and reading people happy people friendly people exciting people interesting people erotic people erotic people something here it's it and even these people that are coming they can't stop like they gotta start what that's sorry about Castro right away then he starts segue I don't want to talk about this I don't care about Cuba Cuba even Philip Cuba okay from the Panthers I don't care about him he's small potatoes you don't care doesn't affect my life doesn't have Ed there's not one moment of the day unless I'm in a day that on the media with it which you mean you'll turn over to some other satellite thing out of this god forsaken town and they're not talking about this crap there's not one moment of the day when I think about those things it has no impact in my existence on this planet Hollywood hello yes sir thank you for cutting the history lesson off about who's darker for though for crying out loud what that was that I'll take the darkest are those Aztec Indians with a bad teeth on there on the southwest a three three three three three three minutes to take it back a few years out from about a town in a friend of mine brought me to a place in Fort Lauderdale called September or October you know a place like that's still around September or October is the name of the how about Jimmy January's Jimmy Chanewares no I take it with a can't what about it another there's another place that was on 127 stream biscuit called the reattro lounge no I would know I do a what's happened to this area meaning what what was the right room it was a great jazz club it was a tremendous place yeah how and I was this 18 what 18 42 it was a few years yeah what does that mean though I mean if it's there it's there and if it's not it's not I mean you think we're back we're where do I go what if we came from five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless lines he's lost it sir you're what it's all about you what I was just talking about we already got three minute people like you we don't need any more what do I do where do I go the rain forest up go on the rain forest going to get him jungle go on play in the rain in the rain puddle summer I don't know what to tell you it's got lots of you to find him a life here's a mobile in candle hello hello Neil yes I have bad news for you man yeah okay five six seven oh five sixty I get even worse weren't I news for you that dial tone you here came from this in you know I'm saying I have no what he's saying I have no idea saying up on the okay today we didn't hear that the squeal though five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's Cooper City hello yeah that's the start that's an improvement what a game that'll Neil yeah we're gonna kick the devil's ass wins tonight I hope we have a crowd there man if we don't I'm gonna be pissed off I'm gonna get out of the end but you're out let me tell you something and that's show you how a little one note Charlie like you say all on this town is the dolphins seen dead and buried and they're still talking about Danny is Danny who's gonna be the who cares who's gonna be the defensive Jorge oh you that's exciting I can't talk about what's going on I can't think of any more offensive than that I'll tell you what this panters I mean you know you got to you ripped them a couple years when they were doing it but now I just said you tell like it is the way when he was making bad deals and he made that one real bad trade I ripped him and as need is served and he's lucky that he got another chance and he's made the most of it and he's read the buried trade was one of the best trades in history and he picked up putting the off over wires for almost everything and head of him was in that buried trade was phenomenal and he's done some good deals and getting burdened here was great and they're playing with wow looking up it look yeah put looking since in their chicken to mass I mean even a hit that I went to flyers game last Monday oh man when he's got a spanish got to stop getting those stupid penalties like that stick at the face there near the end of the game given the power play nearly give the game away I had a question if the stick up in Joe Thornton's face right in front of the referee come on Robert cut their crab sweetheart yes or that fits for a good feeling in last night I forgot it was on I said like the last couple of minutes in the overtime it was little spear by key Joe Joe he's a dirty player that key Joe's yeah anyway well that's how silly plays there always been a dirty team forever there are dirty stinking team one quick question for Neil have a player gets a game is conduct on the team and what turns into a pile of crap what is it what's a player gets a game is conduct he's gone for the game right right okay but there's no one there's a special after that over the day it all depends if they review after he's done something depends on what he did okay depends on how many you're teething knockout okay I just just check it but Neil I mean this I mean this the team is playing for the moment because they got balls now they're scoring I mean that it was only elements I'm doing this for the sports guys on this station better catch up the only one that even mentions a hand can he's not even a hockey fan but even he knows that there's something great to go on over there if they do talk about what they want to know so they're dating yeah right how you do with the ladies with the ladies have a great day pal yeah how you know with the ladies oh that Joe rose man he is he's at the crisis make no mistake about it I guarantee eight no tight in anymore that's what I'm hearing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line we got the other timeline waiting on you for the whole world the whole universe we're sitting here on pins and needles aren't waiting for that line to ring it could be something good eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five it could be a car from Lucerne Switzerland it could be a call from goddamn Geneva New Yorker Switzerland whatever you like on at line nine oh God no it's good that I'm not eating in here and then you'll pick up the same thing and no more food in here stop eating good stop being sick all the time you're another one you sitting there eating that crap and running down a half running down a half running down your legs running Joe huh I can't go during there have been times once you well very once was more than now that nobody's here anymore what do you mean by that Joe's not around anymore well what do you mean Joe's not around what is he doing here now we can stuff updates the occasional or if you get paid by the hours he had a shower he has paid by the hour yeah Jesus Christ how kind of incompletive you have now hey he's no Josh Friedman then course he turned on that job well with with Igor I can't play them for that because that has to do with the water not so you didn't want to work with that something like NSAels people sales people the whole sales department like bad boy how can he still be here by the way bad boy I saw I'm down at a small in the door wasn't open maybe nobody could get in so like Adam and the like four of us standing out there waiting for something to open a guy damn door to get into work which is really a great power for the course and here's fat boy comes hey pali hey pali and I shouldn't own at that point that the lights would be out in this place I should have known there would be something really bad to start my week by seeing that tub of turd here's a mobile in Miami hello of course you're the one that was hated the messer my aunt yes Tom but you all right first time caller all right when most hardcore hockey fans there are and the one thing that really upsets me what is that sir my amy herald yeah and nothing's in it about our planters right I wouldn't have wouldn't have big game Saturday night overtime or the best games of the year and you're tempted to do a page 12 in the sports section yesterday to find anything about it in the hero just unacceptable I'm jumping up and down screaming I'm waiting to reach something in the paper nothing and last time I checked neither St. Louis or Lauer or Tennessee plays their games in this town do they would as the Super Bowl crap either one of them plays here is of any interest to people here except the gamblers maybe five pages a page is a million pages on a stupid bull crap yeah and last time I checked their plan and land of this year is this Atlanta no so who don't cares I don't think right all right I see what I can get it off my chest see a win they man went to the new jersey devil's I'm gonna tell you something right now you people better be driving the macaroon to the ticket office right now I'm I take back what I said Friday I take it back I'm not willing to sit back and accept this I'm gonna keep I cause you know something I can't force anybody to go but God damn it I'm still gonna give my opinion I think it sucks I think it's thanks and I think that we ought to keep track you know how you when you go to some places like in some records store they have those cards you know a new you punch so many punches and you get a free one or whatever a discount I think they ought to do the same thing with the Panthers and you ought to have some kind of a cart and you have to have gone to at least one regular season game before they'll say you would take it to the playoffs yeah and if you can't show a card at least one punch in it we're gonna punch you in the rectum post how do you like that huh oh great idea all these bandwagon jambui line that bit there's in your way even their little banners out the window like a bunch of little school kids those people suck here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir go on go back you know if it's a slow bar I wanted to move the self for two school not a cone five six seven all five sixty upon five sixty on the eighteen team that was a Cuban is a medical on a town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five eight seven seven seventy five sixty three forty five eight San Francisco can't stand it freezing here's a mobile in Tamara killer how you doing Neil okay okay I'm gonna I'm a hockey fan for a lot of years I'm a brune fan for forty years I went to the game on chat they I only go into brune's play and I'll tell you why yes okay I had people behind me I had a bunch of drug and Cubans when eight five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two levels one here's a mobile in South Miami hello hey Neil yes sir hi how are you okay first kind of call I have a football question for you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two levels line here's a Hollywood hello yeah Neil it's talking about quite yeah yeah spread this spread your back to sounds like you had a lot of experience this is why I like it eight million calls man not quantity that quality but quantity eight billion calls let's just keep pouring them through there for a month we already took more calls than we have in the last seventeen Mondays in a row you know I'm saying all right don't expect no quality here because they can't have it until you've conversation about these things anyways because they don't know what I'm talking about so the best you can know for is like that yeah spread them dano that's what Jack Lord always used to say in the head of cancel the show four minutes before one and five sixty w qa and and manage toss right here I'm fortunate you five sixty q eight and not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon nine repeat budgets if Luxique It's a place for my and I'm not a single piece of the recipe. It's just one thing for bow. So it's not cool, okay? And I've got a crunch bag. I'm not already here. It's been a year since you've used your hands. But once you don't use that I've got to clean. Not to say, I'm something. Why is that a point? So when I can only cook for my 100% win% factor in selling games, I lose some cereal knee, super freezering到hasaj torsik. But when I did not have to lose that I didn't even your cooking that was ranked up to me. If it's a thing that totally contained, cut me look joe, noppes of the usual. So if you put a texture on your stomach and taste it, you think so one piece of vrai there! You can share your people here with us all four minutes. I can't hear you. Be so strong to our country. And we are making that even better. And we can't be done again. You're late to look all right. Got a clock at five six. It's WCOM. Five six, 705, 60, Pond five, 60 on the AT&T line. Pond Beach for Myers the entire free world can call toll free, 877, 785, meal, 785, 63, 45. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. As far as people that are living down here, they are obviously they have problems. But I was thinking about moving to Arizona or Nevada. I was thinking about listening to your comments. Five six, 705, 60, Pond five, 60 on the AT&T and D-Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. She's taking it all from the beginning. Thirty two fifty to sixty five dollars for low ball seat. Yeah. My drive up here from, I drive up there from P-Rine for the games. Yeah. I think it's great the way they're gel and playing together. You can't say enough about cause loss and burry. But I noticed in the game the other night. And all season long, you got these guys that are making a difference. Ryan Johnson. Yeah. And Stuart, God of the guys got big hearts. Right. And a little guy like John, if he didn't, there's his tag and he's tremendous. He played a hell of a game the other night. Hey, I love you, show. Wait a call. I like you see it. Thanks. Okay. Now Ryan Johnson, that kid's, he's a player man. He's a tough little kid. Doug, the puck out in the quarter and got a loose and when he goes in there and picks up and slides it right across the great passes. Harry Neil would say a little bit of a little pass. The mark parish who sticks it in the net. It's real excitement, man. And if something you did had that there, okay. So the price is steep. So get you the panter pack. Get some of those bleeds. Okay. It's your never can't play a people away from that orange bull and believe me that place is a toilet. You couldn't find one, but it is a toilet. And all these people that are reminiscing and living in the past, oh, gee, we should be playing any orange bull. The orange bull was a disaster. You had to take a long preparation. Eight just for the hemorrhage you'd pop. If you're sitting through a hat, just the first half. Plus forget about finding a toilet. But a disaster. Plus getting ripped off the pan. Those crazy Cubans, you know, under and they're long down there, park around the orange bull. Here is a place that's clean. It's safe. It's beautiful. It's spacious. Go hold up a goddamn convenience store and get you some money and go over there. Okay. Wouldn't be nice and stop on all the excuses. This is a town built on excuses. And if there are two things that I don't want to hear anymore, one is alien and two is excuses. Those two, that's our new year's resolution. It's only the 24th of January. A little bit late. Better late than never. No moss. Here's West Palm Beach. There he is. Yes, sir. Essentially the positive. The best news station on TV this weekend was the great weather we're having. Everybody's freezing and not soft. We're beautiful down here. Yeah. Four, six and ten is criminal. I go to a way to get back up here to see five and twelve is see all the Palm Beach murders and robbers. The guy in four miles. Where he should do his correct his kids like the god that did was two twin girls in the shining and closing. Brother, clonist, Jesus. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. I feel great, man. I got the BS out of the IBS. And I'm not sure it's not going to come back. I don't know because I haven't eaten anything right in anything all day. No. I had those big beans with onions yesterday because I'm going to bring that book into the mall. That's the 2030, whatever this fiber in the fat and fiber. See, I think where it is because, you know, the fact that the fact that I'm going to think where it is because, you know, the fact is that none of these people, nutritionist doctors, they don't know crap. They don't know Schmitt. They'll do his guessing. And one person says, oh yeah, drink wine, everything. And the other one says, oh no, it's going to give you something, you know, hemorrhage. What are everybody tells you something different. But the problem was when they said stopping in the fat, they replaced it with sugar. We refined carbohydrates. That was the problem. There's no way in the world you should be eating a lot of fat. So the whole way Jose, because fat calories are the, they're the easiest ones to, what are the hardest ones, however that works. How does that work? It takes more energy to burn up the carbohydrates that does the calories from fat. You follow what I'm saying? So the fat calories just lay there. There's a deal the way around. Well, something like that. See, I don't even know what I'm talking about. But I'm having a good time doing it. Low fat, but fiber, you got to have your fiber. Because they don't have to take all these goddamn tests that I take because fiber, and make it sh**. That's right. And that's the most important thing in life better, forget it. Just ask the people in time or act. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Great show. Because that's my mother. She'll tell you all about he knows her Schmidt. Yes sir. Man, so the glass calls you had were something else. Where's something else? What's right? It's Monday man. What did he? Two things. I went to the game theater and I went to fantastic place. That was. Yeah. I mean, it's beautiful. And what a great game. Sure was. I would like to see them win the way they did. Yeah. And second thing is I'm moving up the sunrise. So I'm out of Kendall as of. Oh, nice. No, you're moving in the right direction. That's what they tell me. Good start. That's what they tell me. What do you guys just want to say? Just bring along your madam, you should lend your, in your bag when you come to sunrise. Just be prepared. Well, great show. I'm a good one. Okay, back to you. There's your guy that's making the right move from Kendall with all the respect to my friends down here in Kendall Kendall flows. But huh. Hey, it's on there. Oh, it can't drive. I mean, there's a nice people down there, but Kendall and the whole family. Even when I lived there a hundred years ago, it was so congested. It was impossible. It was impossible and impossible. And on those occasions now and Emily have to do an appearance down there. Oh, man. You get on Kendall's right. And he asked yourself, what am I doing here? Why did I make this move? What did I do wrong in my life to deserve this sunset Kendall drive that thing called the Dixie Highway? Dixie Highway? Well, what kind of a highway is it? Whoever heard of a highway, it's got like a traffic light every two blocks. Well, what kind of a highway is that? The Dixie Highway? Only in this town could they could they pedal crap to the public like that? Oh, it's the Dixie Highway. Could it fool me? Looks like some other street would a bunch of traffic lights every block or two? Dixie Highway. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. So that guy that makes 70 grand get a few people together and split from ticket. It's making excuses for light and going to get. Oh, yeah. He won't sit in the, uh, at these seats. He won't sit in a no seat. He's real picky. So another just another excuse. Right. And I make much less than that. And I put some seats and I go to with many games as part of the least half of them. Right. They could be behind me with about six years old, not only did he still coke and kicked the back of my seat. But the whole game he's yelling Boston. Fox, Fox, in fact, why does he just dad like, you know, shut him up? Yeah. He was yelling, Boston. The whole time. Well, you should've done his turn about and slapped him right in the post. Really. And Mom, Dad was big. I thought the team looked a little bit tired at seven games in 11 days. I thought they were a little tired, but they did play well. The first part was pretty slow, but though what was that, they got going. There was great. they were in one question to regulation ties count in the playoff scenario ties uh... a type breaker thing what do you mean well the regulation ties when it comes to the world i mean i'm sure that i'm sure i mean that would have to be so minute would have to be like a test i'd break her i don't i really don't know if they do or not but i can't imagine they would ever get that far yeah we would be really down a low priority right would be about the six hundred type breaker okay great okay never change the question yes sir pick between a tie okay doesn't mean you want to hear the better is it five six seven five sixty pound five sixty fifty one fifty wireless law what did he say he didn't really say that did he say that oh i must be in a really good mood i just sat there and did you have a decent no all good uh... the panthers hope to read hot news here together level of jibbit and leaders wins the night join the report to the panthers check on the floor and the moller action and the research is seven here on sports radio by sixty two eight if you have it well done to ebay then first of all your what and second of all you missed out on the opportunity to bid on discarded item inside the world's largest cyber trash can i just purchased a rusted handlebar from a girl's bicycle and it only cost me ten times as much as if i found it rummaging through a fly-in-fested junkyard and the news and the and the and for good reason i just pay three hundred dollars for the muggies to cocky rookie baseball cards and we all know who he is yes there's free and the screen of classified ad hockey craft that you wouldn't take money for someone gave it to you so if you're in search of all that stuff people wouldn't pay a plug next for at their neighbors to ride sail then you need to log on to ebay today and okay twelve and a half to one at five sixty w qa five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line it's on ninety six George is it we're looking for that but i came to think about the health service really call one moment please when you look okay let's do a halloween call hello yes sir twenty four yes sir on sunrise learned get a learning new businesses in Polish no cash modern workers got and a kmann and i need for good beginning and it's pay okay thanks whatever anybody but I was just talking to no but it literally can be posição a bit Here's a facts from Eric at our website, TheORIGERS.com. This is maybe this is why I can't get any new equipment that works for the refugee and the Gregg State who would get you to a new way to post the youth phones system. I knew we said February 14th, but what year did he say right? Well, and here's another thing about this thing that we can't talk about on the year. FindWhat.com receives $3 million in RIC. $3 million in investment from Beasley Broadcast Group. A agreement provides national radio advertising online marketing for FindWhat.com. Can they afford any money for us? No, no. All these stations that combine all this other 40 biloni that they do is can't afford can't get fine to nickels to rub together for us. The only way you get anything out of these people, you have to threaten them. You have to keep threatening them and threatening them and threaten a lawsuit and taking them to court and then find, oh, okay, okay. Which is always very pleasant. Of course, get your IBS going. Crazy again. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Vim. Yes, sir. I'm going to move here. And if I hear one more word about this little Cuban boy, I'm going to jump. What do you mean, Ellie? Yeah, if I hear one more word, I'm going to jump. You're going to jump. I'm going to jump straight into the job. A little kid who is maybe going to go back and maybe. Yeah, I'm going to go back and maybe. Let's go. People are hoping are waiting. I tried my best. 567560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Santa Bel. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I have the loudest. These, we've got a handcrafted for. Yeah. Putting down their signal, I think, the students even know when the bookmars have three games left. The students and what's the final three games in the year was. Anyway, they were broadcasting. I don't know if it was Wednesday or Thursday last week. I was on the Lexus and I put it on Neil. And it wasn't coming in clear. So I went up to 750. I'll be in W and they were broadcasting on 76.7. And, hey, I'm a host of idiots all day long. They're on. They're on. They're on. They're on. They're on. They're on. They're on. They've reached out of every day, 5 AM or what. But, they did. They had said it off. Probably cheaper to broadcast a little bit down the dial. No engineers. Okay, thanks for the good news. 567560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line 877-785-6345 on the World Wide Line 877-785 NEO. Got it? Got that? No. I still own the lead number. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil? How are you doing Neil? First time listening, I mean, color. I mean, hey, I need to try something. I'm like, God, they just called a few minutes ago about Indiana. You don't want to hear it. I'm not going to talk about it. Okay, let's not talk about it. Just put your phone on. Let me say again, I'm not talking about it. Okay, I'm in the middle of all this. Because I live right in that hot, you know, not this is what the host of this. You should see that things that go daily, they're. Yeah. So, what do you think about that? What should I do? And it's not a lot of the bringing the grandmother's now. 56050, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. What's song with that? It's terrible. What song was that? Get a job? That'd be a good idea for you sir. Get yourself a job. We'll have so much time on your hands. Here's the lady in June, OB, chill out. Hey, hey, I'm listening to you, chill on the web. I got you on. Yes, ma'am. But your web page, NeilGod.com. I can't get it up. Because if there doesn't exist, it's NeilRodger's.com. Oh, okay. That's probably the reason why. Well, NeilRodger's in.com. I will go there. But also, I just wanted to compliment you on your sound by throwing their nose and all the other stuff. Oh, no. No. Yeah. Oh, all the other ones. Oh, you got a whole page there. I should get low, yeah. And I'm looking at your mug on the web right now. Wow, that's a good way to stand you and die. Yeah, isn't it done? Yeah. It's pretty, pretty good. With a big stogi. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. What kind of stogi is that? You are probably a free one. I would imagine. I'm tired. I have a great day, sweetheart. Hi, you too. Have a great life. Bye. Bye. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm going to let me have this stogi right here in the studio and start smoking. Oh, it's an unsmoken building. It's a few. Okay. Bop on Gula. Just saying a building. This ain't a studio. This is a turlet. Let me say it again. The first day that I came when Norma can't, well, brought me in here like two and a half years ago for the guided tour. And I saw that smoothing the carpet and the schmoothing the walls and the thuts. She's, what kind of a toilet? What kind of slabs of these people? I mean, I'm a slob, but I'm like a high class compared to this. And here we are, two and a half years later, and they got a little bit on this and baseboard out there on the floor. And they got a little bit of molding in a couple of doors painted. And it's still a piece of crap. You walk through there and you hold your breath. But they're busy. They're on this side. They're buying this website. They're doing this. They're buying these stations. They're all over the place. They don't give a crap. Because that's the way they are. They're a bunch of grave robbers. They expect you to work in a toilet because they expect you to be just as much of much of slabs as they are with no self respect. That's the one on a beastly. No self respect. What kind of a person will walk around looking like they were sleeping in a dumpster for two weeks if they had any self respect? Here's a lady in Chicago. Hello. I'm a long line. There's my website on the right line. Hello. Neil Gauss. Yes, man. So are you? Okay. I'm free to my ass off up here. Yeah. We're not. Beautiful. It's like 75 in the shade. I know. I know. But I do live in a real city now. Yeah, we don't. So go to the show your life ain't perfect. You can't have it all. That's right. Take a bit of a sweet. We're down here to prove that they're just because the weather's good. I mean, you're going to be happy. It's right. I'm glad to see your IVF is better. I got the BS on the IVF. I feel great. All right. That's what you need to do. I think I'm going to hold me. It's more beans this afternoon. You should. Get that five out. Get that five. Push it through. Your website's pretty awesome, man. I have a question for you. Why isn't the score? I'm going to hear noises. I missed it. Haven't gotten around to it yet. Yeah. We're doing a hypothetical. We're working on it. Oh. We're done. Score. Score. You'll hear it. You're going to hear it. We're going to hear it. And if you leave the country, that's what they all say. We can take us last weekend. And I saw this couple from down here. Here's something on the elevator. Give me a big hello. And I said the only thing we've been living in Vegas for five years. The only thing that we missed. It's your show. I'm telling you, man. You are it. I'm it. You're the Schmidt. I'm it. I'm great. Thanks for your speech. Okay. I'm the Schmidt head man. That's what they all say. five sixty on the eighty-one of the line very in with me in with me in break and I'm let's go up to pump up for the game on one day what do you say oh some of you long kids work on the station of the sports shows you want to be embarrassing these people get the rest out there and stop dwelling on a god damn past looking there got them wounds about a uh... embarrassing sixty two to seven loss all who's gonna be the defensive coordinator can be any more offensive than that game and by by by by and then he is in a your terminal your their to-ponderous like i said even the alien stuff is simulating compared to that and that swill swill god by man it is duty is what it is and it's great compared to that uh... one note trolley crap bany and bany and bany and bany just got your blow up down have a great time looking at our face with that swill here's a more global in jupiter hello and you yes sir you stole my thunder i was gonna say if those more on the morning thought it at least ten percent of the time what they do with the dolphins and that you'll do so you're gonna pay roll with the panther's you get paid to that stuff every time i turn it on for four five minutes which is long as i can take it they're hockin the same damn tired crap and i go right back to my music all and then it's all you should they go to european you get a quarterback and yet he had a yet an accept uh... work out real well-being films didn't get to be a great player from european league good god they drive you know and they would educate the public a little bit maybe you know they would wouldn't be a one-month one-day-half somebody on their good thing and have an intelligent conversation with except for how you do with the ladies that maybe they might learn something about the game he he he he he he he he real quick me i got a real quick story for a quick call you serve in friday as a pretty busy um... ten years ago i had real bad stomach problem i should make myself row and up fever go to the hospital they get me in there take my pentax out wake up the next morning doctor goes well one year of pentax and we don't know what it was five thousand dollars later party like that how about that i was probably i'd be as an a one-and-dook your pentax uh... a you know what he said he goes well you don't really need it anyways that's right that's great you have a great day i have a great day i'm surprised they didn't cut out his they don't need that either five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line let's go let's go we love you pants there's come on let's get on a bandbag what do you say oh let's get with it and stop at the excuses just like when i was asking you know that that's an interesting thing when i was sitting here for a couple of days asking how come people aren't showing up and i had like virtually nobody calling you want to know what they have no excuse they had no excuse because they have no interest they have no they have no nothing they have no motivation they won't get off their dead ass i'm an old daughtering fool okay fifty seven years old do i have to have eight nine hours sleep and i don't know so if the game runs in over time and i get home of course i live three minutes away which doesn't hurt but even how about all the years in my any took me thirty five forty minutes drive home from there how much sleep do you need before you get your little ass out of bed in the morning go to work the next day or whatever you're going to a school or whatever oh gee it's a weeknight it's bedtime it's beddy by what you're up pussy's that's what they are here pussy's here's Miami hello Miami with a noisy mobile yeah i think they got sucked in sucked in the vacuum cleaner sound like a Kirby to me five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the AT&T here's a mobile and plantation hello yes sir i'm waiting for Neil you're speaking to him oh hey yeah i just wanted to tell you i'm really sick of this alien gun doll is crap too i think i'll hear in America she take it oh great five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile and labels hello Neil yes sir how you doing okay this is for the guy i'm a roof and he's still there he's the baby he's just like just no more work he's jumping is he jumping no another one another all talk the action i got so many of them down here four thousand open lines here at the moment no waiting five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line it's the uh fifty five billion dollar challenge and by the way please don't tell me about that we just showed that millionaire all of that thing is so it's already got to be on the way out i was channel surfing last night and i can i thought it's he's on again and i've were right on by no no interest see if they work given away the millionaire that's the only thing because we have so many greedy back to the round these days is that it's a million dollars then they got to the other all agree where they can went up to two minutes how about fifty billion to bad show want to watch a good show watch that game show that works like both a Brian and i do that's it that's where the good shows are the hundred thousand dollar pyramid that's a great show not a good show a great show the old family few back before we're here in the dozen got seen out great show car charts i watch car charts again yesterday tremendous show would jump here he did receive when they bring these guys back out like calm Kennedy was like a hundred seventy two years old he looks like there's been an animal people the yellow team hey you see a great idea they feel like because his brother was jacknars is that correct you don't know you don't know your game show mister uh it's been ages since i watched jacknars it was a little kid i didn't pay attention to who was i think that was his brother or except something like that his word here's my my family hello yes what's up hey i'm going to a very good thing about two weeks and i'm sure i'm going to have to take a crack and you're recommending a toilet yet all over their toilets all over town all right nine thanks a lot yeah uh toilets all over the place in fact just take a dump in it and what do you think they call a cramps right there in a casino you got a special section for cramps five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line one twenty six at q a m this is five sixty q a l Kim bulk effort talks for a black and right here on fourth radio five sixty q a l in a moment you are an entertainer like a lady like a lady what the what was that oh no there must be much on it okay one moment plea oh look how scratched up this one is man this has got scratches i think Josh Friedman's been chewing on this thing look look at that look how scratch up that disc is i'll do my best to wipe it off into this too but if you got one in there which one which um it's uh 96 no you know this is the only one we got oh stand by this could be really a desperate we might have to borrow one from somebody if we don't get this thing it could work one more place come on q up already you piece of dirt boss your fingers and legs and pray i'm not a lady i'm not a lady i'm not a lady i'm not a lady i'm not a lady i'm not a lady i'm not a lady i'm not a lady talk like a lady but i got wise yes well the big queen of times oh yes there is a queen of times oh you show me with you says i stopped you and my queen but i know this something funny i saw the virginio jeans she looked like a lady what like a lady talk like a lady but i got wise there's a queen of times oh yes there is a queen of times you were my perfect lover but how i was surprised not only do you have one that you're not circumcised oh look like a lady talk like a lady but i got wise there's a queen of times oh yes there is a queen of times what do you want to find safety WK my hair kid janitor we know it's got a no question about that probably a big one anyway here's now these people just won't give up here's a fact but so far is crying and as soon as i see that this is probably the same guy fact you mean this is try to call do i care oh i don't care if it's on the fact machine if it's on the phone if it's a note under the doorstep i'm not interested i don't care and those of you who are obsessed with this crap you just as bad as the people that are are participating in it give it a rest find a life get something else to a hawk it's trying to about okay i don't care he can say whatever i'm a little bit like that no interest open park hello yeah yeah yeah yeah if i could stay on for a couple of seconds here before you hang up uh without you know what what does that mean because you won't listen to anybody if something doesn't go your way you're idless in the anybody you got something to say yeah listen i want to talk about the constant savagery of the callers and the talking about the panthers hello what does it what does that mean what you say that this is not a sports show but you continue talking i'm sorry i just bought the airy or lodger show and that's what i'm here you know something they find others show certified and other show because i'm gonna continue doing what i've been doing for many many many years talk about the things that i'm interested in so if you've been listening which i'm sure you have you already know that the badgering of the callers cannot interest in critiques i already told you that if you want to have a conversation which obviously you're not capable of doing then uh say something don't give me a son at the end about what i should talk about and nobody cares you know something i care now if nobody cares how come all these years all these people have been listening how come that's possible so if nobody cares and you know something if nobody does care that makes it even worse that's even sadder that's even more pathetic you only good thing i can mention going on in this town right now the only positive thing we got going and you have the host but i call me and tell me stop talking about it because nobody cares no you don't care that's the problem you don't care because you're on moron because you're one dimensional simple then why did you get your goddamn damn marino blow up now right now and hope that to be ever great life together because that's all you people know talk about hutsmen and what are my questions soon as they start out don't hang up on me but you know it's gonna be an asshole because if a guy's got anything to say i listen sometimes too long but as soon as you want to start giving me a song and a dance about how to do this and how to do that if you don't like what i'm talking about on the show sir find yourself some other hobby take apart cheesy my song rushing roulette be great you sound like you'd be real good at it here's a mobile and western hello yeah sir you tell them you're absolutely right but wrong scroll how you talk about hutsmen that the other not hutsmen somebody calling up a talk show and telling me what i should be talking about but i think his stupidity is even greater than his clospo so anyway i don't know if you have been following and if you haven't and you don't care that's fine but this thing going on in my amy that with the sit-in and uh uh about governor bush and his ending of affirmative action and you know secretly yeah you know you are you where that well what do you ending it secretly what what is that log and the secretly i don't know what's right with you i just read about the uh uh the thing in the uh Harold yesterday and they were saying nobody just read about it yesterday the thing happened the sitting happened last week i was i was i was i i thought i was not reading the news last week but uh all i'm saying is it i i really was i thought it was courageous that these people sat in and got him to agree to public hearing i didn't have to sit no if you had i don't think it was courageous at all and number two i think that he's a weak need bastard okay i happen to agree with him i'm vehemently opposed to affirmative action and i don't think it was courageous at all if you understand the difference between his plan and and what exists i have no i couldn't understand it in an in addition to which if his plan isn't implemented this guy that wants to put it on a ballot to outlaw affirmative action is going to go ahead and do it and are going to wind up doing it anyway affirmative action is like a dinosaur so it's history it's gone it's audios by by affirmative action if you can do the job your heart if you can't too bad if you belong in college you can get in if you don't if you're not qualified you're not getting in just because your skin color happens to be this or whatever else period i'm sick of that crap all well you know you owe me something because uh two hundred years ago i'm the tough tough crap tough cookies probably the only thing as long as he's in that office that i'll ever agree with him on his affirmative action is a cancer it's obliterated so unacceptable and he caves in okay well we'll have hearings of alia the passive virus marches that's all the answer is no get over it get a brain okay put away the basketball and get a brain put away the guy then boom box and the basketball and the guy then crack cocaine and get a brain and go out there and compete on an even level there's all kinds of opportunities there to learn you know you've got your school you got your internet you got all kinds of things called books maybe somebody could read some to you here's for a lot of the all-out i'd like to know what you're doing back to my wing fan the red my fan see all I have to do is you're like a half a word from see i'm starting to get in the much sharper now that my i'd be s's in remission whatever it is now that my uh kishin is on quite so twisted like two seconds i know who they are oh stop treating the colors like he and the color is a jackass who never has anything to say another chronic anybody let's the chronic's take over their show that show is your crap okay tell you that right now five six seven oh five sixty powerful pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five yeah don't talk about this and don't talk about that and don't treat a little lecture from all these uh you know these suffrage just assholes are going to call it tell me how to live my life and how to do the show and how to take a crap and every other guy damn thing screw you pal screw you take a big fat barrier man if i think i got some leftover from life to become sent it over to you i don't mean the uh bury i mean that twenty two till two a two a m this is five six feet two a m two ficcackey stocks okay okay who's a meal battle have a line industry they don't want to hear that over the thing good hey listen i'm all worked up about that uh CD now that you know we finally salvage that what was i just gonna play three to your family to a tube and Italian meal battle have a line industry Thomas regular loadout rigged donate homemade back and only pay by thousands of big Jamaican women you'll bend your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's printed on every noodle like you can't let them leave us these the baby Jesus or a slicing hot with libidod rigload or rigged only won't stick to the pot so clean up is easy no much so much don't be a front running pony give a rigload or rigged don't he that's why i had luck in the version of really playing that of opening the pot it's uh eighteen till two a five sixty w q a m go talk about this don't talk about that sir you are what's wrong with this town you and people of your ilk old yenters old frustrated yenters those of us who are into what's going on at the macarine or having a great time will pissed off and fired up where i work cited were enthusiastic which i know you can't stand and you're too stupid to understand anything besides what you already know that's the problem with people like you one dimensional narrow minded jackass four-laterdale hello yes sir okay you were complaining last week you can really hear you and I tried to like two hours you got nothing to do so yeah and the second thing you're banking trouble i've had a situation where like four hundred dollars of bogus charges were posted to my bank account and i got like a month and a half before they're going to clear it up yeah i'm in limbo over this how can they wait a month and a half they tell me it takes forty five days to investigate it it sounds to me like you could use a good lawyers what it sounds like five six seven five sixty if i've ever had any banking problems yeah where we go and let's go to a coral spring hello hi I knew yes sir Anthony coral spring yes Anthony I was wondering uh I this is the first time I've called you and uh this is about the fourth time i've listened to the show and I think your show is amazing I really love your parody songs and i was wondering how would i go about trying to get like the side right parody songs myself how would i try to go about getting you know my stuff uh to you for you to listen to you you can send it to George oh yeah hello i'm giving me the address does he have an address you have an address that i'm hearing he still all right help you a little yeah i hang on to say thank you for that okay the quarter thank you hang on take the guy in five taking the rest maybe he's got some good stuff some good dish mitt five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two I was mine he's got the dress but he can't tell you because he did legally and if they find them to all the portum here's uh Miami hello Miami yeah hello yes you want to answer a question you want to want to answer a question do you have a um a blow up dollar ten we're in at home no you don't you know i don't so what are you talking about i'm gonna find out about what you thought about ten we're in so i was in i wasn't talking at all about ten we know i said we should stop talking about ten we know if you're listening we get the wax out of your that's exactly what i said i'm not talking about ten we know all right then okay bye bye x miss something else five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line well i'd tell you anybody thinks that we got an education system and it's they'd only got to listen to the show for a couple hours any day the week here's sunrise hello hey a new yes sir get ready for a big cube and up or i'm sitting here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's plantation hello hey you're all right okay i just wanted to let you know the first time car you're only top show in this town who makes any sense you're wonderful house you have a wonderful show and all i have to say to all these eighty two vins out there a bunch of five six seven oh five six the air i see you i you won't listen to me you will not listen to me i'm not talking about humans i'm not interested in alien alien illegal alien i'm not interested we're not talking about that i'm going out of my way to stress we're not talking about it and yet some of you just can't stop i won't do it i will absolutely not do it period baby hello this is great stuff oh shadow take with us yeah me too uh uh game show network favorite favorite host the match games 73 g-raver g-raver of course i love them in the alfcourt right now he's dead i've respan case yeah the other was almudden who was hopping around almudden's dead right the roller all this was married to that dug Betty white right so you know my from my early not a die huh oh yeah sure well let me just tell you one thing yes my friend bill calder used to work with almudden in Boston many years ago of course and uh trust me when i said that was a that marriage was not for real he was a beard he was her beard there was the other way around yeah there was both ways i'd be yes the best way would be to drink lots of not called on coming aside i had it's horrible it just drink lots of water i know it sounds simple but i do already do drink lots of water and uh bath pumps for the water you stay in work with me caffeine right yeah okay you're right excellent point caffeine is killer it does it's all the diet so does that i was drinking in here man with a caffeine in it no more the words brings any more of those diet Pepsi's nearly going to get shot go go for if you have to have it do a caffeine free diet coke if you can stand it otherwise just go with it if i can stand it there's nothing wrong with that obviously some people don't like the dark colors yeah yeah how about diet right none of the you died right so go caffeine okay side right is good i don't it's good for you yeah okay i'll take your work but i just have to reform down when i dumped it would it would be really bad because it would hit you with a wrong time look at a stadium or a concert yeah oh god right i'm making a big comeback water and no caffeine i'm Amanda took the BS out of i'd be a right have a great day watering Jeff no caffeine be a fine bye bye so what do you say about water and no caffeine something like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty no seriously the the improvement i've made in the course a lot of it is psychological and when you have those tests and you find out that you don't have some 80 pound tumour inside or anything else when you're as clean as a whistle that kind of helps too that's the beginning and then the process goes on and you start changing your diet and like i keep threatening to bring that book into my work i think i will oh not another diet book oh yeah i hope you love somebody calling tell me not to talk about that too while we're at it there he goes again hockey diet books you know all that crap factory yeah is there anything else going on no i've been also going on here except the course yeah yeah a lot of these people they're they're they're reveling and you want to know why cause it's like the oj thing like a substitute life for them it's something to keep them occupied to fill that void that vacuum here's for miles hello yep yep the guy was trying to tell you man nobody cares about hockey basically now i can get trouble off the face of the earth you'd miss it yeah and the blow those off the blow this red neck 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line i do and i've been talking about it for a long time and i'll continue talking about not that much but when i'm in a mood when there's something going on and i don't listen any jackasses calling this show it's telling what i should talk about and in addition to which sir if i'm talking about stuff you don't care about how come you're listening over there in four miles since we don't talk about anything that has to do with your life over there well what such as it is why would that be see i i'm i'm on to this i've been doing this for five hundred years i'm well on to this and that is the people that call the most strangely give you a song about you doing this wrong you're doing that wrong they would never turn it off they listen every god damn day four hours a day and the day that i dance out of here for the last final time which isn't that far away by the way but the day that that happens they're going to go uh what do we do now yeah they're going to join that guy up on the roof it's eleven till two a q a s this is five sixty q a s only one south florida radio this is a super and you're listening to it and go over week they happen in the two sports radio five sixty q a s what's your obsession with hokey yeah you know something i think they're right i think uh from this moment for because uh you can't force being the audience from this moment forward we're not going to mention the eights were on issue again you just gave it to help the fuck a little bit hoping from the ground because you wanted to go carefully to the other night against the lights off but put you held it brown pretty well across the left point shut the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck the fuck hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey like i said not mentioning that hockey wordy arrow i just said it 7 me 4 2 don't do this and don't do that and don't say this you know in a lot that's my comment back to you okay how about another one you got a lot of practice last week here's a bokeh hello yeah yeah i don't hear anything about big out when you at the pop and attract air did you go any more or what's the deal there what what does that mean i just wonder and you used to talk you go on Thursday there's something i was going to go and hang out with you guys yeah put around Thursday okay i won't be there but put around Thursday and another guy would know life you know i'm talking about no life here's a lady in Miami hello hello yes man yes i'm the lone anchor question what do you think about the little boy alien gun sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey any idea what okay hey get first of all the thing about the hockey are the h word sorry obviously those guys have never gone to a game because if you if you go to an actual hockey game you see how exciting it is it's much more exciting you know i don't know something sir these people who fancy themselves sports fans these assholes that call this radio station twenty hours anything they know something about sports there's more action in the first five minutes of a mediocre hockey game than there is an entire football game than there is a ten baseball games put together and these people are too stupid learn anything do i i feel sorry not for them but for me then i live in such a such a wilderness here and they don't know it's is everything is that a beyond tv for them the thing is hockey is really not a tv game you actually got to be there and it's just great actually no sir i disagree with them it is better in person but there's nothing wrong watching a good game on tv well and the other thing that i wanted to call you and what you know i don't know if anybody already did is that there's a godfather's in Davy right got it you got it next to his all right and one more request to make it a little old lady who the hell are you have a great day pal thanks oh god see now i got to go to this why do i do that why do we've been uh it's not on ad bank you would be it's on bank three where the hell is it there you go five six seven five sixty pound on the AT&T line here's Miami hello good evening are good afternoon Neil good morning yeah whatever it is i don't know what time it is um number one that last caller from four Myers he wasn't a redneck he was a spook he was a spook he was a spook and that's why he don't like hockey it's so funny you look at what i don't like bats bats the ball either i don't like like pro bats the ball because they're all bunch of spooks i'm out of that and i have fun they can have their things i got my things stay the hell away from our hockey exactly why do they have to come in and in fringe on arm what's wrong what's wrong what's wrong i have an nice support with a whole bunch of nice white people together hangin out you like hockey that's cool he likes back about that's cool for a little bit he got a cut the why do you got a jump in and and of course back to ball that takes a lot of drain to stick a ball in a hole like that you know that takes a lot of brains right you know what what is that thing that they have to keep dribbling the ball all the time you know can't think this run up and down the court that he's dribbling it dribbling it you know like maybe the way we're ever like he's right girls we're all going after these back back above players yeah they dribble before they shoot his head what it is that's what it is that's room arm here one more thing no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile and highly a hello build call in God build call on great excellent choice no yes sir you are the best best personality in the world yeah how okay buddy you're the biggest asshole in the world which comes a lot of territory because we've had several today you can suck around all you want you're still a piece of walking smigma five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and North Miami hello yes sir are you doing it okay and a long time listener first time caller I'm glad I got through um you know I try to stay there and listen to your show as much as I can but kind of hard when you afraid to answer some of the questions that come through and it's a easy cop-out when you just click the line question like what yeah questions like what yeah you just you don't give people a chance to talk about anything they you know like it is and I like your show yeah it's not a funny that with a white like a white like the show why why do you like the show because you you you really talk about things and yeah you you make you make a lot of all the stuff you know what I said before I'm not interested in critiques if you like the show find it's not a simulator not interested I'm going to do the show the way I've been doing it for six hundred years only even better now than ever now that I got some energy back when somebody has something worthwhile to say I will listen with the right agreed disagree there was no that's not a debatable point and if somebody is terminal ponderous wants to be a jackass they're gone that's the way it works sir did you have anything to say oh no all you want to do is call up and tell me and by the way sir what time is your show on so we can listen and call you up and tell you how to do your show here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey you sir question how come if you don't like the sport of hockey they get bombarded why is that what how come what does that mean well if somebody likes football or somebody like the basketball and they don't love hockey there are no good you know you know what who said hang up on him who said who said that who said that who said that talking about people at our time you know shouldn't be talking well no you do a great show nobody needs to critique your show right you you know I made it it's it's everybody starts going to the hockey games in the playoff that means