4.560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest co-workers or anyone else on the show who not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the easily brought out. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA now. I'm sorry, I'm not going to be a guest. Come on in and take a cow's bag. We won as a group, he ETFs up drunk, and we do not drive you early from around classes. How are we going there? You guess we're going in like this. And everything. I'm going to go away, we're all fed up. Hey, ladies and gentlemen, why don't you go home? Hey, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, go home and leave us alone. But no! When you're lazy, I don't want to go back. I like shopping for free toys, Zedder. You've got your Pokemon, teacher. And your make-ys out of your... You've had your fun. Starts acting. So they can get you out of here. It's at the point where we can stand it. Everybody's out of the door. I've all the newly old crackers. But root for just a duck is far enough. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Why don't you go home? I don't, so, so! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Go home and leave us alone. See, look, they're giving away 3-S-N-H green cards. Can I have one? A little upstairs, and you talk badly. I'm gonna play in the... Channel 3 at 5-60WQ. I'm happy Tuesday to avoid my glad. Am I glad that yesterday I took a rest from all this crap? Oh, yeah. See, I knew I must have been psychic again. Because they were resisting. Oh, alienation alienation. But if it isn't, please, just one day, that's have a rest. Is there anybody in this audience who's been able to watch guiding light all the way from beginning to end any time and last a month and a half? Oh, no. You crazy, crazy. Let me say it again. 4-6-7-10. They keep doing us. They did it again. They keep doing us wrong. You're a bunch of lunatics, man. Over and over and over again. You can't watch one goddamn program in this town and that works show because every five minutes. But I mean, but I won't put them off instead of live. Late-fricing hysteria. And it's the same goddamn people. I'm gonna have to know if anybody on any of these local channels ever asked the question, what do these people do? Who are can't out here, they after day, night after night, and round the clock. Where did they go and take a crap? What are they, what are they doing? What, what is their life about? Do they work? The same 200 getchies down there, hour after hour after hour after hour. And here the grandmothers are coming. Here's the Tammy Amir port. And there's a plane in the sky. And here's the plane is landing. The Lear jet is landing. And but I'll be put a boot, but about. And here's Ali on coming back from Kmart with a little bag with a brownie camera. And he's gonna take a picture of Grahamwood grandma tonight. And Ali on just farted real bad and people are embarrassed. And Ali on just took at his first diary in the US. And Ali on just picked his nose. And Ali on just went and took a big stop for what you know. You people are crazy. And here we are in this town where the prisoners of this crap. That's the saddest guy. That's a bitch. Is that all of us who live here, most of us who couldn't give a flying crap less about Ali on or his great uncle or his father or his grud grandma's or one of this other's swill. And again, we just held hostage waiting for whatever is going to finally happen. And then the fallout from that reaction. That's what everybody's peeing in their pants about. Is if things don't go just our way. See, that's the way this whole thing was posed yesterday. It's like, oh yeah, come to the house and see how great these living here and how happy he is and how wonderful the environment is. Not that that it's stayed granting of course. And come and take a look at this. And then as long as you go along with whatever we said, everybody will be happy and throw more flowers at you. And they finally said, oh, we don't think so. The hero finally got it right, even though they're full of crap on this because they're so busy pandering on like a son sent a little bit of objective about it. But it says both sides are full of crap. That's what I've been saying all along. Both sides are full of crap. They're coming. They're not coming. They're here. They're there. They're going to have. But I can honestly tell you. After having seen some of the pictures from the hysterical toothless people out there in the last couple of weeks. Come on, you stack. Come on. He's not carrying on at various times. But if I were in the grandma's position as anxious as I was to see my grandson, I don't think I'd be all at the security and the single pictures on television of hundreds of people. I mean, notice when Ramon Salal Sanchez got up there on his megaphone, but I mean, but I'm up. I'm up. I'm up. I'm okay. I don't know if that could be all, but everybody was talking about to tell the crowd to this person go home. They did. Some of them started back in a way. And then to half an hour later, they're all still there. Go home. No, we don't think so. This is our life. We don't. Maybe these people don't have a home to go to. All these toothless desparados. Most of them over the age of death. I mean, seriously, that that place makes cemetery villas look like a teenage camp. That's how old those people are around that house, morning noon and night. It's like it's like a substitute life for these people. And then a court and again, who knows who to believe? I mean, I don't believe any of them, but allegedly the National Council of Churches, and of course, I'm starting to get really re-about them. But in any way, they're given a song that it's about how they wanted to meet either at the other great uncles home, where there wasn't all this hysteria going on, or at a church or some neutral sight. That's all. We'll be glad to meet with the this family, this this the pseudo family here. And with a little kid, but let's do it in a place where there is no circus going on outside. And eight million people from the media and two or three hundred people. I allegedly are going to throw flowers, but we're not so sure. Come on. It's that. It's that. It's that. It's that. It's that. So the bottom line was nothing happened. And watching these hysterical people. Oh, they're going to get on a plane and go back to Cuba. Oh, no, they're getting on a plane and go back to Washington. No, they're not going anywhere yet. Oh, yeah, here's the flight plan on and on and on, on our after hour after hour after hour. And like I've been telling you, it's like it was something important. It's not important. And this poor little kid, why are you mark my words? Is there are show all the good pictures now and he's running around and playing like a little kid. But the fact is he's going to be a metal basket case by the time they get through, making him this human wishbone. On the first person that told you that weeks ago, right after we got here, that's the term I use and it's more appropriate now than ever before. He's like the turkey leg at the Thanksgiving the wishbone. Yankee on one side. Yankee on the air like they're going to split them right down the middle. He's going to be a mental case. Because, yeah, there's just enormous never ending propaganda on both sides. Please don't tell me it's only from today. The propaganda on this side is as nauseating if not worse. At least we expected over there from a totalitarian dictator. Whatever hell is he is? He's a crap. And then I love Connie Macketon. How does that baseball come along, Connie? How's Grandpa doing? Connie Mackets up there in the sentence and he says, Oh yeah, well, we, I want to use that quote. We don't want the appearance of here. His mother gave her life and her search for freedom. I don't want the decision to be made by a federal agency that is subject to political pressure. Yeah, like there's no politics in this, right? That's why all these politicians are following at the mouth of us. Like there's nothing else important going on in the country or in the world or anything that needs to be addressed. That's why we have to rush back into a session again. And hurry around and get all these bills out there and get on the floor of the Senate. And do our best to a pander. And on a part of the Republicans, I mean, what's the point? They're already pandering to people who are going to vote for them, come hello, hi, water. And while the Democrats are doing it, I'm beat to hell out of me because they're desperate, like Bob Graham. Not sure you ever had any marbles, but if he did, they're long gone, get the search party Bobby, they're long gone. Very sad, here we are, mired in the swill again. 9 minutes past 10 at 560 WQAS. No portion of this broad destiny reproduce without the express written permission of WQAM, between the two of the three acquisition courts. Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami. Good away. And seal the release, smell the fresh sea, taking the unparalleled experience. And by all passing. On big laddic, it's like a vacation, away from the troubles, your life back home, your the skipper, on a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day. Don't predict the ball. Prat taking. Life threatening. Cuban resting on big land again. Will your way to something better? Growth has to. No faster. Here come the sharks, you got to run much faster than that. Bro dammit. Painful about the US Navy. 13 at 560 WQAM. Favorite moment yesterday. And flipping over the channel, hoping I find some sandal we're showing programming. And not this crap, but I couldn't find that. Here was Michael Putney, who used to have some credibility for Mike, you know. He's trying his best. With his hair like blown all over the guy down. And he's out there in the middle of the front of that house again. He's got Tomas Regalato, the Andy Christ. Tomas Regalato is there. And he's saying to Tomas, well, what advice would you have to people who are watching this in the thinking about coming down here to the house? And the way Michael Putney said it, you just knew that he was anticipating the answer would be, oh stay away and don't make it into a circus and don't create an atmosphere. You know, something that would have made sense. Did he say that? No, no, instead he says, oh, I would recommend that they come and bring their flowers and greet the grandmother's enthusiastically. And Michael Putney, like, just didn't know what her screamery to banana and says, but peacefully, of course, right? Oh, oh, yes, so yes, yes. Tomas Regalato, if you ever seen him in the antichrist together? Oh, what I'd tell you. Oh, brother. Morning, noon, and night. And see, the answer to this is very simple. Very simple. Somebody with some balls somewhere. Can we find anybody with balls? Oh, no. Says to judge, Hoover, we're up there. Hey, listen, before Congress has a chance to start any more pan ringing, passing these 85 million bills. Just let's get the emergency hearing. Let's get in there. Give a couple of hours to do what there's no new information. They've already the INS January. They already got all the information from the father, the interviews this side, and make a decision. And whatever the decision is, either he goes find or he stays great, no problem, and then we go along with our lives. How do you like that? Like today, today, by noon, would be good. But we just somehow can't seem to do that. Somehow, some way. That's the answer. And if the people here don't like the answer, which is obvious that they're only prepared to behave and be very nice, so long as they get their way. And if they don't like the answer, you know, what tough crap, you can't always get your way. That's the message. We have to take out a bunch of billboards with a picture of some old Julio exile, there with this T-thon of the rotten T-sync. Hey, guess what? Banana Boltman, you're not always going to get your way. Tough crap. Life goes on. Get over it. Yeah, it would be a great billboard campaign. That would be right after our QAM billboard campaign. Oh, yeah, sorry. By the way, where's my paycheck? I just might be that I'm passing. What is it? I'm still busy. What do you mean by that? She's on the phone. No, I think she's got the phone off the hook. I think this could be another one of those days. It better not because you are. I hope you're prepared with some material. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Our first call of the day and look what George is black. It's black. I reset the thing. You didn't hear it, but I did. I can just bear hold on pal. I beg you, pardon. Well, it won't go on the year. You just saw it. I punched it up and it came up black painted black like a rolling stone. Well, they're all going to get hung up on. No, when I re-ed. Oh, no. Here, you know, wait a minute. I just want you to stop. It's 16 minutes past 10. I got most of the lines. I already lit up here. I've barely said hello because we know what's going on here today. And here's another example. George has got a reboot of phone. All the people around who are probably going to get hung up on. I'm going to have to call back because you can't do a radio show in the studio. There they go. They all just vanished. They all disappeared. Another half to call back. And hopefully when they do call back, we'll be able to put them on the year. Welcome to 560 WQAM, a shame. It is a disgrace. We cannot do a radio show in this studio. I'm announcing that to the public right now. I want to make sure that every man, woman, and child in South Florida and all over the world on the internet. Understand, we cannot do a radio show in this studio without embarrassment and humiliation and degradation because the bees leads our pile of crap. And where's my check? I mean, this is just never in my life. I've been in a business 6,000 years. I've never encountered a place like this where every day you come in after a month of twisted kitchens because of stress and you have no confidence that you can go on a year and put a goddamn phone call on a freaking air. Why don't you punch one up just to see if it works because because you're about to answering all the things. Why not? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, good. Yeah, there we go. All right. Let's hear it. I'm on. I want to have a channel 5 and I'm going to have the toilet cam and Rick Stanton is going to watch I want to take a clap. That's a fiber clock this afternoon is a matter of fact. Stool samples at 530. 560, 0560, pound 560. I mean, when do you finally reach the point? I'm asking myself out loud. When do I finally reach the point where I just throw my arms up in the ear and say, okay, time to call up Norm on a phone and just sue these bastards because they will not. They refuse. They're either incapable of or they refuse to give us stuff in here that to do a radio show. They just won't do it. And they're talking about my doing a show from Toronto from Amsterdam. They can't even do it right here in Miami. They can't get the goddamn thing right in this studio and is make believe piece of third. And please don't saw my intelligence and tell me it's the same phone thing in the other room there. I don't ever hear any of the other shows have any problems. Maybe it's ours. Maybe occasionally align, you know, a bad liner, then that can happen anywhere. But this is strictly this piece of turf right here. This piece of crap. And we've been in here now. It's ten months in counting in this studio upstairs, which by the way, is it finished yet? No, no. A mobile in Sweden. How is that possible? Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay. It's very possible. Here you are on the internet. I called you back around Chinatown at the time. When I was going over a food eater for his birdhouse. Why are we around Chinookatown? Yes. It's right now, about 430 in the morning, 420 in the morning over here. And I'm sorry to hear you having those problems. It's what time? About 420 right now. In the morning? In the morning over here. In Sweden? Yes. No. Yes. No. Thanks, Miriam. Why is that? Yeah. Another fake call. How do you like that? He hangs up. It's not 420 in the morning, sir. I hate to break the news, dear. Because if you were there in your car in a mobile, you would know that it's 420 in the afternoon. There are 6 hours ahead. I've been in Stockholm, sir. So again, nice try with your phone call. Why is that? 6 hours ahead from 1020 in the morning here. Looks like 420 in the afternoon to me. He tells me it's 420 in the morning. Do you think anybody in Sweden would be driving around at 420 in the morning in the car call and they show up? No. No. So nice try, pal. Hope you and Peter Forzberg have a nice lunch together by the way, he's over here. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line, 8778. Well, why do people do that? Well, what's the point of that? It's funny to them. That was funny. That was pathetic. Here's Carl Spring, silo. Hey, Neil, are you doing? Okay. I got a question. One of these Cuban people that I realized that not everybody in South Florida is a Cuban. They don't care. They do not care. They don't care about anybody but themselves in their own historical emotions. That's all they care about. The rest of us can go to hell. I'm telling you, they preempted what? Three, four hours of TV shows to do that. Here we go. Damn, day now. It's a new thing. Every time somebody farce, his grandma has a bad bowel movement. They're going to interrupt all the regular program. And we're going to have to go on to 11 o'clock at night until the news comes on. And then they'll carry on till midnight with that again. Oh, yeah. So stick to hear about this. Can I hate him? I don't even know him. Yeah. And his aspect. Do you think my idea made any sense or have like an emergency hearing with the judge and decide what the ruling is? And then one way or the other get it over when we go on with life? Absolutely. There you go. Do it right now. Thank you, sir. Thank you, no. Next to much goddamn sense, doesn't it? Instead of holding this place hostage, day after day, week after week, instead of giving a form to all these exploitive politicians out there and Rosanna Dan and all these other assholes and Spencer Schmottah had no these other grave robbers with their propaganda. First of all, let me say this. If Fidel Castro didn't want the grandmothers to come here to meet with the family and with the grandmothers son, why did they let him fly here from the first place from Washington? Because you know that everything they do is being orchestrated from over there. They're pulling all those strings. And if you're in their positions, you see this stuff on TV with these 200 tri- I mean, why in the world that there have to be any people outside that house? If you're going to secure somebody safely and make them feel that they're safe, I take in Michael to the Luis Restaurant and the Bronx, where he'll be safe for that meeting with the closkey and salotso. If you're going to make sure that they're going to be safe, you show them, hey, there's nobody out there. There's media's been cleared away and there's no crazy people. And here you go. We've got a couple of cameras just to show you to reassure you that the whole area has been secure. We've got a lot of police protection, security. You go in there. It's a private family thing and you do whatever you're going to do. But these people look painted themselves. They're like they live there, like they belong there, like this is their life. There's a mobile implantation. Hello. You hear me? Yes, sir. You know what I'm running about? That's why I'm Cuban descent. And I don't give a crap on where the other way, it goes back or not. I'm used my family. But what's ironic is if you listen to any of the ladies radio stations, one of the things they always bring up is how bad is kids going to have when it gets back to Cuba and what kind of an example, the moral of fiber is in that country, et cetera, et cetera. I know you read the article in New Times, right? About how I think the criminal is in the family here. Yeah. Yeah. What kind of moral of bringing you to get to here? With that surround me. What kind of thing ever bring that up? They ever touch on that. I don't know. A bunch of peasants for our first law. I mean, they're really, I hate to say scumbags, but they're certainly not, you know, at the same thing family. You're right. But I mean, you know, the point out moral fiber and upbringing if you go back a bad at that being and just overlook something like that, we're both in our major criminals, the salt and battery. I don't understand. It's like selective. And it's really interesting that Mr. Who was it? It was a Pedro Sagar. See whatever it holds name is. Yeah. I know the former commissioner. He said, when they put him in that school, they put him in first rate or whatever was his second rate. They put him in a year ahead of where he was. Nearly would have been because he said that he spoke Spanish very well. And he had a very good education. Now, where did he get that education? Exactly. Exactly. I mean, it's just selective memory laps or something. You know, just whatever's convenient for them. And then with a real host, but was some of the people outside the house were saying, well, we want to be here just to make sure that when the grandmothers see Ali on that we see the look on their faces, we want to make sure that they really care about this boy. Now, what kind of an idiotic comment is that? So another, grandmothers in Cuba or in communist China or in the old Soviet Union, grandmothers don't care about their grandchildren. They don't love them because the communist to come and it's the, what kind of crap is that? It's the usual feel. It never, never ends. No, with the same thing. Just let us all pray today for a swift conclusion. One way or the other, I'd like you to say, I couldn't care less either way, but just get it over and let's go on with life. Please, please. You're God. God bless me. Thank you. I'll pray for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, is that so difficult? We just want a life back. Not that we got much of a life here in South Florida. It's a pretty boring place. But I mean, you know, most of us have some kind of routine. I like that we look forward to. I want to distract funds. My guts are out last night at a good time. You know, we do these things. People who want to go to the airport get on a plane. They're like doing a green apple quits. That worrying about the day that they're going to go, if they have a, a flight schedule to go somewhere, is that going to be the day that all crap is going to break loose because these assholes aren't going to get their way again. This is not a way for a community to run. If we had any leadership at all in this town, any besides the panoring assholes like Mayor Pinguapakania and Joe Carroyo and all these other assholes, if we had any gut to leadership here, they would say, get, let's this first these crowds out there. They don't have any right being out there in a goddamn and far of that house. And of course, you notice the family, these distant relatives, by the way, this distant relative family, they are, they are loving it. Putting on a good show for them. Oh, here's a little alien just came back from Kmartney's got his two little bag. And it's pathetic. It's sad what they're doing to this kid. It's tragic. And like I've been telling you right from the beginning, nobody on either side gives a crap about this kid, other than the immediate relatives, but nobody cares about him. It's a pissing contest between Fidel and the anti-fidel. That's all it is. And the politicians, the gray robbers in this country, or try to say, oh, well, that's not making a political football. That's exactly what they're doing. Poof your assitizen, forget you want to be a citizen. Forget if you're old enough to make the decision for yourself, but poof your assitizen, or the elected or not, because we're grandstanding here. Just a pile of crap. And these people like Eliana Latearaw, Rosanna Danita, they keep talking about, well, you know, it's a country of laws, it's a country of laws, okay, honey, but you don't want to obey them. That's the problem, because you're too busy pandering. And if that kid would have been a six year old boy from any other goddamn country in the world, he'd already be home with his whoever he had his relatives right now. Already long gone. And then this guy and the who, uh, up in poppitol there who went out and saved them off the rubber raffle, one of the two guys, the fisherman. He's over there. Oh, well, all good Christians that we have to pray together in Jesus, this and they're rubbing their rosary beads and they're rubbing each other and they're teetiful and out in the ground. Any panhandlers, by the way, you better get down there on a street or whatever street that's because there's some loose gold fillings hanging out. I mean, can somebody in that crowd down there get some tea? Oh, Jesus Christ. What about old, a schaffen. Castro took their teetves. The must be puttenly low. 40 seven after 10 or 50. There's golden. Then there. And that's right, Jim Mandage. Top Sports weekend, right here. From Radio, Shane and Pavinaudible and nobody hit harder than new Rogers. Rogers. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Foreign Files. Oh, you. The John Rainbow Steel in life, I want to make movies for him five. I like to go in great plan to Hollywood's folk, unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis in and never have a bruise. Rainbow 2 was an 85-late. Rainbow 3 was an 88. She was an honest and honest. And she was like, I did not make this movie with my son. If you ever say choose it Rocky 5 and daylight and cuddle movie. A little bit of catchy what I mean. I got to get a note on the pile of creed. I got to have a note that moved me or a Broadway show like Philadelphia. I get nobody ever stuck up to him. And I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cable. Oh, I got left this and I'm both like him. Let me the gentlemen. I make the make-rem a foreign party. I get out so calm me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. Delight comedy. Action. I got a good job. The only thing I will love to is I have sex with a lot of them. So give me a break for goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one-man talent for kept-seek. Basically I have an unemployed chick-see. I don't think I have seen what I mean. I got to get a note from a pile of creed. I got to have a note moving or Broadway show like that. I get nobody ever stuck up to him. It was stupid. I understand. I don't want to say that. All I got left is jump of playman. That's why I waited gentlemen. I need to make remo-horrent. Oh, wow. Absolutely. I'm 32 and 560 WQAM. Teacher in sex club case resigns to fight in court of public opinion. You just see this. Time you white. No. It's one of those. Huh? That's that. It's tragic. Just tragic. And this is the American F&W. The private. How many years? How many? About 500 years? I've been telling you. About the priorities being screwed up in this country. I've worried about who's doing what the iron closed doors. Who's getting blow jobs? Who's got to stay in underdress? And who's doing what in the private club? And about this little guy damn 60-year-old kid. Everything that people get all hysterical and whipped up about. All the politicians, all the assholes like Ken Jenny. Ilya on a gross late. And then Lincoln, the ass. I'm crazy. He's a bed bug, ballard. Rimes with this. You know what? All full of crap. All these energies. All these resources to see how many lives we can destroy. How many people we can humiliate and bear us in degrade. I'll get to this story later on. It's just it's pathetic. tragic. But you do understand why these things go on, don't you? That's the American F&W. That's right. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, how are you doing? Okay, sure. My name is Ae from Miami. I'm a long time listener first. I'm a colleague. Here. I love your show. I'm a little bit more. I don't know. Let me tell you something. I was a kid myself when I came from Cuba. I was nine years old. And a lot of people, just their opinion, especially people from other nationalities. So, in America, also. They don't understand how the Cuban feel because they haven't lived there. But what do you mean the Cuban feel is only the same 8 or 900 people and outs that are about 200 people that are made alive. But you know what that is. I'm a racial lawyer. I'm a human. She said the best thing that we can do for this kid is stop talking about this kid. Leave it to the court. And forget all the scraps that's going on. Yeah. I agree with that. But when people come when you're ready to show and start insulting and saying that don't give a crap, but the kids go back with space or whatever. We're talking about a human being. You said if it was a kid from any other country, they'll be back with a parent. That's right. I agree with you. And it was a country. But what? What is that country? What is that country? What is that country? Was Vietnam or China, or any other guy named country, including other communist countries? North Korea. It still be back. I doubt that. Do you know how it sounds like? I know. I know it. This is a nation that the supposed to protect human rights. And I'm not saying that I do not agree for this kid to go back. All these people are asking for it for their court. And if you see what happened yesterday, that would try to say. That's not all they're asking for is a day in court. They're doing it because they're going to keep appealing and appealing and appealing and appealing. They're doing a stalling act until they can get something to have. And whether it's the Congress to pass a law or something to go on, it's going to let him stay here. So they can get their way. What happened to him? He just disappeared. Young up. Or it could have been our friends. Or it sounded like it was a phone for it to me. Well, sorry about that. If you got caught off, it's our phone. Sounded like you got caught. Hey, what am I going to do? I'm doing the best I can. The phone is a piece of crap. Nobody around here will do anything about it. The general manager, nobody sees him. He's in hiding somewhere. And I don't blame him. And I'm here trying to do a radio show. It's not, it's not in the me like he got chopped off. And I didn't do it. Or maybe he just hung up. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Why I was lying? Do it the best we can on a radio show. High rated radio show here. Supposedly made your market with a phone system that doesn't work. Here's a lady in Margate. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I was just thinking the longer he stays here, the little boy. They're going to turn him into a spoiled brat. It was probably a normal kid before he came here. Don't you agree? Don't think too many other 60-year-old kids are getting the treatment that he's getting. Yeah. I don't know if there are many other 60-year-old kids with their picture on the front page to do as a magazine. It's bound to affect them. What happened to Janet Reno's decision to have him go back home? She's busy trying to shake it out. I was really just to see how the whole thing shakes out. It's just more stowing text. Yeah, that's right. They overruled the state court, which anybody with a brain realizes the state court's got no jurisdiction in this case. But they've already got a favorable rule in there. So they're trying to read the listing around now. So the state court judge has got something to say. Even though the state judge that made the ruling is got the conflict of interest. Right, you did it. And it's not interesting that Judge King, who was the next judge, the federal judge, who was supposed to hear it before Judge Hoover got the case that he also had to recuse himself because he had involvement with his Armando Gutierrez, who seems to have his hand in every judge's pocket. You're right. It's not interesting, but let's not get politics involved in this. Let's not. But they already did. I mean, what are the disgrace? And what are the disgrace that our local media won't tell it like it is? And what are supposed these people for who they are? The Armando Gutierrez is not these other grave robbers. You're right, you. Have a great day. I agree with you. Bye-bye. A couple of open lines here. Let's see what happened on that line five. Is that thing, uh, hello? Oh, no. Hello. Did you just somebody honest line? Because I hear that hollow that echoes that thing. See, that guy was on line five. And all I was to do is never happen on that line five. What do you buy that? I've never, this is a, this is something different now. It's just dead. It just died. See, if you want to convince me that somebody isn't sicking with this phone system all I'm on here, then I got some real cheap property to study in the Everglades. Okay? Because you could hear that right in the middle of the call. And I'll have a sudden a line. You can't listen. Let me punch it up. I'm dying, I'll be seeing you. See, there you go. Hello. That is a door now. Absolutely. Positively. Dead. More though. I'm sorry. Where is it though? It's just like this place. Just like this. Make believe radio station. Dead is a door now. You know, my friend of mine, Derek asked me to track less. He said, does this stop that your, is this really Galon or this, your stick? You just embellishes. I said, believe me. Trust me. Nobody could make up the kind of crap that goes on here. And they, you know, they just expect me, you know, just wind it up. You know, just like that, the Ron Pupiel thing. You know, just set it and forget it. Just, you know, just turn the transmitter on and all these things will miraculously appear. We don't have to do anything to facilitate it. It'll just, they'll come in and make magic again for hours every day. And they just want to do this thing right. They just refuse to do it. 21, be 4, 11 and 5, 60, WQIM. The painter, host the Red Hot New Jersey Devil's in the battle of the Peter's Rack. Come on, on ice. Join the new boy to the vendors, chicks done. It's for! And Redding Alert for the action. And there's three things, starts at 7. Here on Sports Radio 5, 60 QA, yes. Just say some stands for nothing. In theaters now, from the producer of the six cents, it's the seven cents. I smell all people. Let me do. They smell like thin yay. No, like more balls. They smell like albacore. All like two more balls. They're showing now. I feel like just smell some of those old losers standing down there with a rotting teeth. See, this is what's really tragic and what I don't understand. Maybe some of you can explain it to me, okay? Is that at the most, at the very most, there were 300 people. I would say 250. Most of the time, there were a couple hundred people there outside that house last night. And it's the same people. They even had the nut case that they had a drag off. The one who jumped out of the estate even bought a more than a head of Cuban baseball team up there. And jumped on the field and tried to stir up at a disturbance. They called him a professional agitator. A schmet de stirber. And they had a whisk him away, you know. But it's the same people, the same faces. They're none of these people. Worked they're all over the retirement age. They were the people at the guys in the ones that just found in domino park all day playing with each other in domino's two. And the old women are the ones who knows what they're doing, doing laundry outside and hanging their laundry on the line. And they're just there. And these are the people who are disrupting this whole community. We're on lead story on CNN, headline news, MSNBC, CNBC, the market yesterday went in the crapper. Nobody cares because we're worried about that little boy to grandma's. And here comes that plane attending in the airport. And guess what, they're still at the airport. And here's these assholes from the National Council of Churches, which, like I said, I got, you know, the fact that they're with a council of churches speaks for itself. And there's that Spencer Schmatterhead, the attorney down there, feeding nothing but pure nonstop propaganda. And he said, if the grandma's took a crap, he would tell you that Fidel had something to do with it. And there's a Ramon, Saul Sanchez up there with his microphone. But I mean, but I'm not about to, okay, I don't talk about that. And everybody go home and they don't go home and they're going home. They're not going home. Oh, we're going to go. I think we got two hundred homeless people down there. Two hundred old children, the homeless people. And if they found a place to hang out, it's better not to the overpass, probably the food is better. And certainly a lot better publicity. And then you got Thomas Regalato, like I said, you'll want to close though. And who'd I leave out? And then that's then, and of course, Armando Guderias, who's busy, you know, Schmur and the judges all over town. And that's what you got. That's it. And this small band of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of militant assholes who insist on getting their way. They got a whole goddamn town, a whole not just state county, but all of San Florida is perceived by the world. It's held hostage by these assholes. And nobody here will step forward and say, enough of this crap. Nobody will do it. And you, and let me say it again, four, six, seven, and ten. You people are at a disgrace to this community. You're at a disgrace covering it like a bunch of high school cheerleaders. And never want asking the obvious questions of who are these people? And how can they afford to be staying here round or clock morning noon tonight? What's this all about? And no, no, we're in the mainstream media. Has any of the questions ever been raised about the family from this new times article? Nobody wants to touch that with a goddamn hot, uh, hot finger? No. Just be there and, uh, hyperventilate. Just like the people there. And we can't even watch a goddamn TV show. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing, uh, I enjoy your show a lot. I'm listening to you here and you hit a right on head with the prisoners. I mean, I come home and night. I'd like to watch the news. It's gone to the point where I'm watching Weather Channel. To get it. There's only place you can learn. Now is the weather channel. Here's this point. There's also a lot of time. Early on, citing on air. Yeah. I mean, it's kind of ridiculous. I mean, when are they going to stop? I mean, last time, I think just went overboard with the plane. I mean, I was ready to kill my own. It wasn't just last night because you were probably working during the day, but I get home around 240 and you have to know. Yeah, I mean, all afternoon and all evening, all night long. If it wasn't for a crack, I'm hoping on the local can and our TV will never stop. Exactly. It wasn't for the old Super Bowl moments. I mean, thank God for them. Because that's all we can watch right now. Yeah. That doesn't have really on sitting in the stands with a flag. Wave in it. I mean, it's got to ridiculous. You know, I just want to know with all the pocket robons that are down there right now. Why can't somebody help this guy take his Christmas lights down? That's what I want to know. Yeah, grateful. Why can't you get ready for next year? I mean, he must be. I mean, is it just me or did he get a new car since this has happened? I mean, probably two or three, they probably got a limo now, too. It's unbelievable. I mean, you know, I enjoyed listening to your show. I mean, really, we don't have much to talk about, but this is pretty sad. I mean, the panthers are great. Go panthers, but you know, this is just a kind of ridiculous. This is making, you know, the last five Americans are left in the town. I think they're going to leave soon because of this. And now, and it's really sad. I just want to say, I'm sorry, so I'm appreciate the time. Okay, see you at the passport joint. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, on the AT&T. Right, let's line one half of the overhead. This whole system here today is really. And of course, you do realize our engineer was in here yesterday. Oh, yeah. So that's why everything is all screwed up. Like the guy was screaming in my ear at the hockey game the other night about the engineer. Maybe we ought to, this part time. I've suggested this to Greg Reed. And of course, his response when I suggested, we might get like part time or real engineer in here. Eeeey. That was his response because my customer, a few bucks which they don't have. You do understand that, don't you? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on it. And let me say it again for the eight minutes time because yet today channel 10 showed a pool. Right, Latterdale was sitting there hyperventilating. Oh, and there's been a great turnaround in the beginning after early on first derived. It was like 85 to 15% of the people there wanted him to stay. And now all of a sudden, their latest pool was 38% stay in 58% here said. Good bye. And nationwide, at least 90% every pool they do 90% as you go back with that. And let's get this over and get out of the life. But where are the people those to the 99% of the people in the Cuban community? I'm a second tired of constantly having to ask this every time something like this goes on. They're in a closet. The cats got their tongue again. They will not speak out. And that's why this goes on. And that's why your stereotype and that's why people hate your guts. And I give you the opportunity to speak out and then, and consent this crap. And to tell a like a person with a goddamn brain or a rational person and educated human being. And you won't God damn doing. And that's sad. And you suffer the God damn consequences of it because the cat has got your tongue. And you let a handful of disgusting, toothless old, low life assholes represent you. I guarantee you a one thing, if I had a bunch of minting screaming fags and I have talked about it. And gay pride for a judge out there acting like a bunch of minting fags. I sure as hell would come on here and speak out against it and I have. And I do. Because they sure as hell don't represent me. But just let's keep everything quiet because we're, you know, we're a little terrified. You know, we don't want a lot of bomb on the front of the doorstep. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm a couple of quick comments. I'm aware that it's a small percentage of the community that's engaging in this act. However, I'm ashamed to admit it, but I definitely become a lot of the collar and it's a result of this. A lot of what? A lot less collar and just what I just said. Of course. In addition, seeing, we had a rough opinion with our terrific face on TV speaking, we want this and we want that. She's a representative and she certainly cheapened my, I guess I already low opinion of politicians, but the fact that she's taking on a personal appearance of this is That totally inappropriate. And. And. Well, don't you remember when we had the people watching up on sure where the Coast Guard episode, a few months ago in Mayor of Pinguupakini was there saying, Oh, it's our people. It's our brothers. It's our brothers. And I'm thinking of myself, what are you talking about? It's your brothers. You're supposed to be an American. You're the guy named Mayor of Accounting in the United States. Yeah, especially, I mean, you think of you, you've got to represent it, though, even more so than the mayor, which he's nothing but a pandering bitch and always has been. One last comment also and and people have mentioned that Ellie, I mean, one his day in court, but certainly the father is going to have something to say, it's a sexual child. It doesn't decide where he's going to live. I do a lot of work in a juvenile court and the guardians always speak with on behalf of the child. However, it's always a problem with coaching and I'm sure in this instance, especially since the father's another country away that that. It's a child's not going to be able to speak in any intelligent terms and certainly as a relationship is going to. We're talking for them there and then just think back to that night, what he saw the plane up there and as the only thing that you really heard clearly on the tape was that he was explaining and pointing to the plane, the adults in the yard was, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, so whatever it was that he said, they were trying to shut shut. They went to a happy about it. I think it's a shame and this kid's going to pay the price down. Yeah, that's right. Because nobody gives a crap about him. Have a great day. Have a great day. Take it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60, how long do we let this go on? How long is it's rag on right here on this radio show? I and the only God damn voice in this community that will talk any sense. That gives you an opportunity to speak a descending point of view from the nonstop 24 hours today of propaganda, bull crap of Schmidt that end dates from all your TV channels. I mean, I know I'm going to get a real objective opinion from Elliot Rodriguez or Rick Sanchez or you use other pervert. He's on there last night talking about what they're speculating about what they're going to have a dinner when grandma's arrived there. And about the wonderful meals they had of a horse meat and black beans and rice. Whatever it will be talking about. You're not objective. You're just a bunch of goddamn cheerleaders. You're not news people. You're not doing a service to this community. You're doing any enormous disservice to this community. By the way, you're slanting this crap. It shouldn't be pro queue but shouldn't be pro US. It should be about a little six year old kid who needs to have a life. Period. Make the decision. Now, let's get out of the life. Oh, we can't do that. Take all our fun away. And then what are those 200 people going to do? How about sliding up some appointment to the goddamn dental clinic for them? Okay. There must be some cheap dental clinics in Dave County. Some of those quack-up Cuban deadists. Lots of them. And it can solve some magnetic bracelets at the same time. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm a teacher. And I was hearing you talk about the county of white. Not only are they trying to fire, but they're trying to take away her certificates so that she'll never ever be able to teach in the state or anywhere in the United States again. I know, but they're going to tell her, has she tried to take away her teaching credentials so that they'll take away her livelihood for the rest of her life? Isn't that nice? Yeah, that's the way they operate, Neil. Unbelievable. And I just can't believe it. I mean, I hear you talking about the e-leon thing, but the other teacher, you know, they let him teach, but they didn't teach in the jail. Right. And this girl, we have to make examples of these people because these are people with a sex life. So therefore we have to have examples. But I just can't believe they're trying to deny this poor girl. Right. Everything for the rest of her life makes me want to get on a plane right now and go to a living and breathing place, which means get the passport out. That's true, Neil. Hang in there. Okay. Yeah. She went to a sex club. A place with a legal license, a private club behind closed doors, no miners allowed. Nobody dragged in there on rolling the office streets. A place where undercover police have absolutely no business whatsoever. Unless maybe there's this suspicion that miners might be in there or something like that. No business whatsoever. And in his goddamn hypocritical horseball country of ours, people have to be humiliated and degraded. She's suffering anxiety to attacks, clinical depression. A doctor advisor to quit rather than go back because she's getting all kinds of the comments and snide remarks and the teasing and all kinds of crap because she was at a sex club. Wow. Isn't that pathetic? Here's a teacher no less. As if teachers don't have sex. And this is a heterosexual teacher, by the way. So for all the right wingers, for always screaming about all the fact teachers, you ought to be happy. At least here's a heterosexual teacher. Like the other one who were in that joint. And the other guy who's in there having sex with his wife. This is the best part of the whole deal. Having sex with his wife in a private club inside a building. Not outside on a patio somewhere. Not on the middle of a park. Not on the street somewhere. Not on the goddamn beach. Which goes on all the time anyway, by the way. But nevertheless. Oh no. We have to make an example of these people because they're dealing with your children. I hate to break the news deal. But every single person who comes in contact with your children has a sex life. I know that kind of course. If you happen to be Catholic, why don't you have to finish that sentence. Do I? Do you know what I'm saying? If you have to have the Catholic. There's no fact in the church. Every single priest who comes in contact with your children has got a sex life. Even though he lied to you about it in most of the Marfags. The biggest closet in the world. But that's okay. And when we have a case there of child molestation, we sleep under the carpet. We set them off to the Mexico to be cured. And then we set them to our thighs. These thousand miles away. And then they molest somebody else's kids. And it's okay. This country. It reminds me of that kid that called everybody. Oh, screw you. No, screw. When I was talking about Amsterdam and about how great it is in Western Europe. And how light years ahead of us they are. Screw you. Because you didn't like what I had to say. You know something pal, you screw me all day long pal. I'll say whatever you want. But the fact is I'm right in your wrong. Because I know what I'm talking about. This country is in the Stone Age. President gets a few blow jobs under and they practically bring the guy down. Government down. This is what your Congress is hard working at. All these hypocrites like Dan Burton with his illegitimate kid. And Henry high with his guy. Them marriage that he broke up with the guy that's up there crying in Western Right now that old fart. All these goody to choose hypocrites. Because Bobo got a couple of blow jobs. Big stink and deal. And now the whole same Congress that did that. They're about some 60 roll kid. As if they really care about him. Which they don't. Connie Matt couldn't give a flying crap about that kid. Pat 57 and 560 WQ. Kim Polkaford taught sports rangans right here. The video 560. 8-0. 8-0. 9-0. 9-0. 7-0. 7-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. 8-0. 9-0. 9-0. 9-0. Our fans are will get angry And we are too blackening traffic in the tree We know that they do things wrong Not make a eye less But we're the boss It's part of the people in our minds L-I-I To make the deal better L-I-I-I-I To make the deal better To make the deal better We, United Bank, Fight for your big causes On you with the news Can't run red flashing light Action, I'm on the line You're the most important person In the world of all you who live At least that's part of the Miami-Dade County line It's a minute and after I've been at 5.60 WCM Hanklebee in Atlanta From the side of the Super Bowl It's after only got a book shop at 6 And we got the hurt coins in the name Basketball the night at a capital and after the game This is the only place I can take of in the entire US of A The only place, maybe you can name me one other But I'm missing here somewhere That is under these circumstances That's being held captive, held hostage And I've been saying that for 20 years And it's been true since Marielle Being held hostage by the demands of a Acerly hostile angry group of people Who know nothing about Libra Tha They don't know the meaning of the word Talk about hypocrites And the message is very clear As long as things go our way We'll be peaceful, we'll do whatever you say And although it's interesting They didn't do what they said Because when he said this person go home Did they go home? No, no, they were still there They kind of like milled around a little bit Moved change position But then I were not going So if that being the case One has to really wonder what would have happened You know as emotional as some of these people Get a little hysterical What would have happened to the grandma Is really showing up? Here's Miami, hello You need to do it Okay sir I'm the guy from life five You folks suck Anyways, I come and I want to talk to you I forgot where I was at But I'm meeting, I'll tell you I was nine years old when I came here Yeah I didn't get here in the institute But I got here to vote And I could relate to this kid Even though he was younger than I was What I got here Yeah I just can't imagine what's going to this kid's mind What all these things that's going on The best thing they can happen is Everybody, the media, the media, the media, the media's fault Then the ones coming from the movie We're all in the book, grab all day long Television That's right I'm leaving secret television Right I mean I'm home and trying to show some questions To my kid to whatever I can get nothing on TV Just in reality Leave the kid alone Leave the process go to court or whatever And whatever decision is made in court Then that will be it But this part by telling the media You know, you say the Cuban people But this part by telling the media So 10, 10, 7 And everybody else To stop covering this story They're not going to do it Leave them alone They never do that They never do that Let the lawyers do the job They judge whatever decision he makes Let them make it And then take it from there But why keep covering this all day long Because they're grave robbers Because they're a sport Is that how they make their living That's, you know, they just keep drumming it up Just like the day that we had The demonstrations on there And they were kept showing it Even when there was nobody out there They kept showing it Hoping that they could whip up some of the hysteria Well, you know, the men let's blame the media And you know, I understand there's some people That try to make an anchor themselves And the Cuban community and all this Want to be leaders out there But this a lot of good people that are doing from the heart And this a lot of good people that relate to this kid Like myself I myself haven't been to any other demonstrations But I do feel for the kid He's the only one suffering All this consequences for all this shit that's going on around Let's tell the media to stop all this coverage Let the process go through the federal courts And let me tell something to the American public Because I come from there I was nine years old and I remember still When my mother gave me a piece of cheese or whatever I had to eat it in the house Because I remember at the time She used to tell me Don't let the neighbors see you Eat in the pieces of cheese Because we're not supposed to have that And how do you think? I mean, I know you're old And I remember that Yeah I think so people don't really know How do you live over there? To get I remember I'm an American citizen now I'm a very proud of it And my kids were born in this country And I will fight for this country for how to Because this is my country Well I listen And we did not have a line By how they think to the United States Like I said in the beginning I don't care whether he stays here or goes back Okay, but the fact is We've got to get it over with And this community cannot stay on the house I agree with you And God forbid if he does want to go back You can only begin to imagine what's going to happen Well I don't even want to think about that But I have a lot of people And what kind of a way is that for the people Living this community to have to live? I understand that I understand that but you know what And it's still the media to stop on this clip Okay I'm covering all this crap The media is the one giving all this games The public? Okay, hold your breath now All right, chief, good luck The food aren't you And don't need to cheese All right, well, no, I could Don't cut the food I'll cut the food I'll cut the food I'll cut the food I'll cut the food I'll cut the food I'll cut the food Or is that don't forget the cheese Om Judas denominator seit 5'6' 108 5'____5'62', on the ATP line Out of timeline There are a lot of people who run a restaurant And they were doing the are really hungry They talked away But that was beautiful But time when he did that They said young and children All is violence over 30 and an hour And I am not just right The version is sort of fine The graphic size is no crazy Cont vimos Actually just surgery But I already slept I'm over here in Sweden, not a mobile. No, you're not. Probably in sweet water. Or deeper. Here's Haley, a hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. There's no tea from those Cubans. Anyway, I'm a Cuban born American, and I am truly embarrassed by the behavior of these certainly pathetic idiots. Over the other 850,000 Cubans were they. Are they hiding somewhere? They crawling up with a bag over their head and shame is that what they were probably. Probably. And it's so simple, so very simple. All they have to do is think about it that no politician, no attorney can keep a child, a way for his biological parent. No matter if the father's an atheist, a black, white, communist or not. It's very, very simple. And other doing is, um, prolonging the inevitable. This kid is going back. I'm pretty sure. I'm 99 for an upper threshold. He's going back. Soon or later, because that is then period. And a story is mother dying for the she was coming for a better life. Whatever. That water, or water under her. That's her stream. Our over her is the case maybe. Okay, in this case over there. Anyhow, this weekend I'm going up the pump and all. No of any new or good restaurants out there. Have a great day, Ben. All right. Yeah, there's a place called I poppies that I think you really love. They still home and talk. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, Iliana Gross was in and then she keeps talking about the land of the laws. We got to see the law says that the father has got to write to speak to the kid. That is the law. That's the immigration law. And the father says he wants him back there. And whether whether Fidel is telling that or not, I mean, it doesn't take too much year and tells him to figure the father wants his son back. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. And especially in the fact that the father didn't make any attempt to come here with them with the X-Wife and a hole of the Gatsomish Poha on that laid latest dismuggling thing here. Or not to force to say that? Okay, we'll say that people are being smuggled over here because that sounds bad. Even though it's true. God forbid we should tell the truth. 8 minutes after 11 at 560 WQMs. The sports leader, sports radio 560. You. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Are you on edge walking that fine line back up against the wall? Yes. Running on empty. Trapped in the rat race, burning the candle at both ends. Do you like just another face in the crowd? Yes. Lost in the shuffle. Another cog in the wheel. I'll run in the ladder. And I'm pop curdle in a bag of microwave popcorn. Trading water, running in place, stepping one step forward in two steps back. Not realizing your full potential. Not making the grade. Not up to snuff. Don't think you can make the final cut going against the grain. Feel like the odd man out to black sheep to third wheel, a thorn in the paw of your employer, butting head rubbing each other the wrong way. Well, actually no. Oh, then never mind. It's a 12 out of 10 to 11 at 560 WQMs. Here's a good point. Somebody faxed him picking canceling local channels on my small dish. Watching a plane sit on a runway for three hours is not my cup of tea. How much longer until election time so we can get back to whatever was. How much longer. Also, it's as was watching Lee's game last night. They seem to be having an attendance problem. They have an attendance problem. They have like 400 standing room only for every game. Every game is sold out. They have an attendance problem. Let me see what the attendance was. A by the way, Lee's came back from down to nothing and tree went against Ottawa for three three times. They go and ignore Coral. I have a big game in a great goal to time again. What was the attendance at the air can of the center last night? 19,210. What's the capacity? 18,800, which means there were four hundred and ten people standing. They seem to be having an attendance problem. Are they having an attendance problem in Toronto? No, no. Every game is a sell out. Every game is standing remotely. People standing. So that takes care of that. Hotifax. Another expert. 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a pop-in-o. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Thinking about you the day my wife was home making big pasta. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Remember that from the same material. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. He oughta volunteer to go stand in front of the house. He's obviously gotten alive. Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I thought we could have stopped talking about this little mom's around the air. 560, and I'll talk about what I want to talk about sir. There was nothing going on yesterday and I said we weren't going to talk about. I said there's some development something going on. I'll talk about it. This is a new deal you folks have got. Okay. Start in yesterday. We've had it in the past but now we have an epidemic of it. We have people calling the show. Tell me how to do the show. What I'm going to talk about in the answer is. Oh no. Not interested. Not taking suggestions. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Little mumser. That's a hoist pal. Okay. Consumature to jam from here. Or is that just your bag just spill it over. Here's a lady in Miami lake. Hello. Hi. Yes man. Okay. I heard you mentioned Bob Graham this morning. So I called his office up and asked him. Point blank what his position was. Of course he said he was behind the the Mac. What's the same. That's the same. Right. And I told the secretary where we're answered that I'm sorry that I'm a Democrat but there's no way in God's earth. Am I going to ever vote for him again that he sold his soul for a Cuban vote. And let me tell you something. The exciles are not all American. Even sentures admitted on radio the other day when somebody asked. He was a white blank and he kind of handed hoard and said no he was not an American. No he's just a professional. I'll submit this to her. So that disturbs me too because I have been at some of these festivals and I have seen them having booth where they would sign up to become a to vote. And all the way to do is put their hands up and say yes they're American citizens and they get a voting card. So a lot of these people who are voting aren't even citizens. And there was something else about it. Me basuto was on television this morning on the MSNBC and he said that the reason that they didn't want to go to the airport was because alien were scared to death. To go into the airport because they were afraid they were going to take them on a plane back to Cuba. Now where did this nonsense come from? Why would they do? Well you can't believe anything that these people are making it all up whatever he is alleged to have said and then you could see that the night that he was pointing at that plane. Whatever they say either side they're both full of crap. Right. And hang in there. Have a wonderful day. This will pass. Trust me. Just told your breath. Here's a great facts by the way. This is cute. It says as you know, little alien Gonzalez is right in the middle of a controversy whether he should be sent back to Cuba to his father or stay in the United States with his relatives. Alien said, let it to his father that said only ELIAN. His father didn't know what it meant but he knew there was a message somewhere in the letter. After considerable thought he finally figured it out he is toy. ELIBRAE, IEDIota, ah, uprnde in Nadar. A stornebra, IEDIota, uprnde in Nadar. I'm free idiot, learned to swim. Not bad, kind of cute. It's a short brief secret that we had on TV there last night I'll tell you that. All of you jackass journalists you've phony baloney suck holes in this town. suck holes in this town you make me sick. Why don't we have somebody on it? How you're in T.F. ran? I mean he was a boring guy and he wasn't a but he wasn't dynamic but at least he said something. Was Ralph Redneck. He used to do an editorial at the end of the newscast every night and not an editorial like they do on channel 10 where they just but a week but a book where they just defend how their crap that they do. Like a crap they did that they did that they were in and one of the other channels whipping everybody up and were friends at the end of the night. He didn't do that so serving at a to real he actually had to fall to say something. We have that name more in his town. Oh I guarantee he'd be saying the right thing about this stuff. That's what we need is to dig a whole Ralph Redneck. Daddent it. Prop him up there in the chair. Scare the crap out of these eggs else. They take one look at that. They run for the hills. We don't have any hills. Well maybe on him in the L.E. Everglades. He said we're in the feet with the luck with the brothers to the L.E. Alba 66. See you're not going to get me sucked into that. I don't care what they call themselves okay and makes no difference a bunch of hysterical time oysters obsessed with crap living in the past get with it it's a year 2000 get with it let's move onward and upward and forward right here in the goddamn U.S.A. What do you say? No. Here's a derail hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. Ralph was a pretty nice guy. I used to work in public and used to come in everyone's in a while. Really nice guy. This guy with the mustache don't know his name. The guy that was up on the ladder with the megaphone. Oh that's Ralph Lone's how we'll send you. Yeah he's a human. Him and Vasude told us. Oh, he's a trouble maker's professional Smith. I believe that these people have just every time they show up they applaud they treat them like such a hero. Well what do you mean those are their disciples. Those are 100 people that's it. I mean as you don't have very many. Those are the 200, 300 people the same ones that are their followers. Every can they say fart they bend over and cut one. I've been a funny last night it was a very disconcerting to me to see that when they said this person go home they didn't go home. Yeah. That kind of that kind of enforces in my mind that maybe the grandmas and the national council of churches people made the right call because it's easy to say these people are going to be very lawful and a no throw your flowers but you know what you're dealing with emotional hysterical people it's unpredictable. Right and the news people just can't wait to toss them. Fant the flames. Yeah. We want to talk to you. What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? You know that they were telling them you know so you're instructing people and he kept saying over and over and over and over and we're not instructing people to do anything. Yeah. Yeah. They're sitting up there you know that there was a lady that actually had a sign saying something against the grandma so when they showed up they'd see it and he actually told the lady. No I think you should put that sign away or just leave because we're here to do something else so you're not instructing the uh... Thank you. No. Right. The grandmas what a show up there if that woman was in the crowd she'd have been the first ones coming coming east of the hysterical. Right. Now a meal I guess you can sit yourself on Miami exile. Yeah because you still live here. I don't think we'd all like to join you. You know what I mean? No I'd rather get pretty crowded you know. I'd like to. I think you'd like to store it at nice open spaces up there in real cheap. Yeah. No and in closing you I'd like to tell the Miamians cause I also live in Miami. Let this episode in our lives be a lesson to us. Okay this to me is like a big kick in my ass. Right. I'm back to home. I'm gonna say is I can't wait to vote. I'm encouraging everyone to vote. Let's get all these people out of here. All these crazy politicians because the new people are just following these politicians and everything they're doing. Let's get rid of these people. Let's look for someone that'll help us Americans even the Cubas that have turned American citizens. Your Americans too. Let's get these politicians real ones that will help us as Americans. Okay amen. Thank you. I'm potent 400 times. I got my voter registration card. I'm sitting in this weekend. The first time in a long time that I actually bothered to vote. What the hell do we have to vote for in the past? And maybe I'll even get a phony address in the day counting. I'm still alive. So that's got you know, I doesn't count. They kind of you're still alive. It's kind of tough to vote. Lincoln D. As Bullard, Jose, well, what happened to the hell is her name? Iliana Ross, late in the Rosanna, Dana. These people need to go. And if the good people, if the sensible people in the Cuban community, if there's such a thing, if they would just get there a lot there and get rid of their ass, then we can get rid of this cancer on this time because that's what they keep showing these old Nixon tapes now better for sale. Like I said, tapes. And when John Dean told Nixon that there was a cancer on a presidency, I'm here today to tell you again for the umpteenth time. There was a cancer on this community. Not just a cancer problem. We got it to cancer problem on this town. It's a big festering oozing sore and you assholes in the media. I condemn you more than the people who are down here hanging around those no life assholes with bad teeth. I condemn you a minute times more because you're fueling the fire. If you ignore it, they're just like when they have somebody at a ballgame who come, you know, comes out and and it goes on a field in the street, through to some unacceptable thing and looking for attention. And the media for years now they don't show them. And so it happens very rarely because these are attention seekers, publicity seekers, and if they don't get publicity, there's no point in doing it. And so these people who are pandering to the cameras, every time the camera lights go on, they start you can see them turning right into the camera. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, doing their crap. If you ignore them, we could live our lives here, but channel 4, 6, 7, and 10. I'm not going to speak about 23 and 51 because I can understand they got their agenda, whatever they're doing. But 4, 6, 7, and 10, you just won't stop. There are going to enough things that could be said to condemn you. And please don't tell me you're covering a legitimate news story. It's not a legitimate news story that their little kid is coming back for this, what is the relative from Kmart, carrying a bag with a camera. And if that's not a news story, it's not a news story that there's a plane hover over there somewhere that hasn't even landed yet. That we have to keep interrupting regular network programming to show that, oh, we're right on top of it. We're going to be everybody else. First fast and exclusive and obnoxious. That's what you are. You're obnoxious. Each and every one of you in the decision making, if the news channels here in their 467 and 10, your assholes, you're destroying this community. You're making us the laughing stock of the universe. Not covering legitimate news story. When there were parts of it that were legitimate, like back when they had the streets blocked off at 79th of this game, that was legitimate to come in there. Even if only for a traffic thing, whatever, for a couple of minutes here, a few minutes there, but not for an entire afternoon, even after everybody had gone home. And they were like, I hell of a lot more cops out there than the word of protesters and the same down there at Biscayne downtown. But you just won't let up. You just won't effing stop. And it makes me really wonder who's making these decisions? Because like I said before, when we have a lot of these hysterical Cuban American so-called journalist on there, whipping this thing up like cheerleaders all they use, the pompoms, I just, you have no credibility. Don't you understand? None. There's no objectivity there. Do like Judge King to accuse yourselves. I just put somebody else on a set of who can at least sit there and try to be objective about it. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to give a little opposing view to what Spian said this morning and concern an alien and and and back it up a little logic. I'm a grandparents who has kids the same age of 18 and 10 grand kids the same age of 18. And if I had come to United States for America like his grandmother's dad, I don't care the gates of hailed themselves would get me from born to see my little grandson. To use this flimsy excuse that they were afraid. They would have been welcomed with open arms. But that beside the point, even if they're lives that have been in danger, I would have been there to see my grandchildren. Yeah. All that tells me is that they're just pounds of Castro to deliver his propaganda and they're not interested in located all. Yeah. It's a really nice idea. I just recently have it also another would you think that because they're from Cuba or because Castro is in Cuba, the grandparents don't care about their grandchildren. But apparently not. They didn't know to see him. I know I would have been there to see my parents here. And also let me say this. You think that their movements while they were here were free that they were free to choose of the other people were controlling and manipulating them. They were being manipulated by cancer. So why are you so why are you understanding? So why do you condemn them? Because they had a chance to rebuild against that and go even he couldn't get me from see a madman. Yeah. The devil himself even got a little bit more. You may be a little monster. And those old grandmas, you know, you may be a little bit more monster than they are. Well, no. That's not it. And also, I think that's a national council of churches or whoever the other henchmen where they're reporting all the strings on this attendee any airport who are having all these meetings on going and doing all the speaking. I think that they prevented them from going there. I think you're right there, but they're got a good for me. But at the same time by the same token, if the other parties were so interested in having this kid reunite with his grandparents even for an hour or whatever, what would have been so wrong at doing it at the other great uncles house at a neutral sight at a church in some of the but what would have been wrong with that? Because you know something, sir, if they would have gone along with that, then it would have taken away the excuse that the grandparents were afraid. If they would have said, okay, we'll probably not look into, I'll put you in front of a circus here. We're going to take you to another spot. We won't even tell everybody where it is. We'll just tell you, our people and we'll go very quietly. We'll make sure that nobody can follow us and we'll end world meeting. That's it. You're right about that. Neil, but they didn't do that. Why not? They didn't do that. Just they didn't do that. The grandparents still should have gone to see that little boy as well. Okay, so you just have in the same conversation over and over again, I appreciate it, but you just don't understand. They weren't free to do whatever they wanted. That's obvious. But a few other people would have been so smart. And of course, the cancer has making assholes out of these people. They make the whole community, community or look like fools. And he's got a no-lo situation. No-lo's. If the kid goes back, hey, we got a back another big parade and five million people. And a few days here, ah, the American capitalist, uh, etc. So yeah, he's in a no-lo situation. 27 after 11 at 5, 60 W to Q and look. Hey, Captain, no-sistory. Starting at 10, so the last piece is weekdays. Only on Sports Radio 5, 15, Q, A, M. Hi, this is Brett Hediken and you're listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan. New Rogers on Sports Now, which is five and three other disree of the unsublished works of Dr. Suez. Today's selection, Horton hears a hoe. Horton hears a hoe calling to him, have you got money to blow? Boy, yes, Horton said quickly sporting a poll. There's a hundred in my bucket and it's burning a hole. I'll take off my clothes if you give me a cash and Horton got excited as she exposed her bare essential. Then Horton did mount her and boy was he glad when she screamed, you're the biggest Horton high-futter. When Horton was done, he smiled and set for a smoke. But the hoe started laughing, Horton said, what's the joke? Then the hoe turned around, and Horton looked and got sick because this hoe, like Horton had a big, hairy chest. That was another selection by the un-cublished works of Dr. Suez. Thank you. Well, he got a headache in saying welcome. This is Brett Hediken and you're listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan. New Rogers on Sports Radio 5, 60 Q, A, M. Don't step on Brett. I'll turn that whole spirit right in the post. 29 before noon at 5, 60 W, Q, A, we're going to solve all these problems right here on a radio today. Oh, why not? There's a lady in Washington, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I want to tell you, I support everything you're saying. I'm sick of this Cuban thing. Awesome. Right. We had it. We had it. We're sick of it. We've had it. I'm excited. They should either send a little boy back. Right. Keep in but you know who's thought it is I and S because they should have enforced their own laws on the 14th. They should have gone in there and got his little eyes out of there and shipped them back to Cuba. They're going to be a janirino right down here and with some big burly with a big black guy named Ben and they should have put him on a big cruise ship or put him on a guy named Lyrgyz and flowed him over there and that was it. No, really. Don't you think that's a privilege? That's a privilege. I know a lot of other foreigners and there's also sick of it. They're too privileged. They're pretty proud of it. I was a part of it. I'm going to go to Jersey or back to Cuba. You said no contest. Oh, really? Yeah. I mean, let me tell you a true story of my friend told me to who's back in Philadelphia. No, Jose Basuto said that we said you're going to threaten New Jersey. You said no way Jose. But anyway, I'm sorry. Listen, this is a true story of my friend told me to who's back in Philadelphia. That's a macadore. How about you? Okay. Now, she said that. Oh, it's just had all the Indians come out of the hills in the take over the country. Right, but this has nothing to do with that. But I'm going to do with your little kid. Listen to this too. A family sneak in with Fony Passport. Yeah. Now the parents got away, but they caught the little kid and they said, little kid happened to be six years old. Well, according to my friend, they put the little kid in jail. Now he's six years old. Oh, like he's on a little kid. Yeah. They're supposedly happen back in Philadelphia. Oh, in the last few days. Now this kid was six years old. They put him in jail. I and I put his, but him in jail. This little kid. So they found this parent to ship him back to Ecuador. Now, will you see all this little kid? He gets to be David Copperfield. He goes to the start. Good. He's in Catholic. My kid can't even get into Catholic. Oh, you're a guy. He's not got a kid. You got a kid to ride your kid in Catholic school. He's safe anyway. But, but you know what I'm saying? It's not right. I'm born and raised here in America. Yeah. Yeah. And we're pissed off. Yeah. Yeah. You're damn right. And you're right about the media. Well, I'm sick of them. I am sick of four or five, six. The only channel that's a little bit better. 10. No, no, no, no, no. Not yesterday. They were one of the worst. Today. Oh, they were the all-time worst. Oh, really. Michael Putney made a clown out of himself. Well, I changed. I turned off the TV because they interrupted all my TV shelves. Right. Exactly. You know, but I'm going to tell you watching right now. They interrupt guiding light again this afternoon. I'm declaring war on channel four. Hey, go on. They go for it. Okay. You're on letting us air off the panion. Have a great time. Okay. Bye. They mess with God damn guiding light. I've been watching that show for 41 years. And only in Miami. This is the only place in America where you can't sit down in a peace and company. Your own goddamn home living room and watch your TV set and watch whatever you show you want. You want to watch that read your show. You want to watch the guy damn hundred thousand dollar permanent on the game channel. It's your channel. You want to watch your guiding light. You want to watch whatever to hell you want to watch. Can't do it here because air me five minutes, but I need. I don't know. I'm out here. We go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, the grandma was wrapped there in the sky. And there's a pigeon disrupt the big one here right over 10. Miami airport. I mean, well, what is that all about? Oh, and here's the plane. It's landing. And they had to show the approach. And we had to see the landing. And we had to see a taxiing up to the little teeny tiny airport. This role was bigger than that airport. Okay. When there was a story, when we had to. And then of course, we had to see them disembarking from the plane. We had to see the guestgees from the national council of churches. And we'll somebody please buy that one bitch a different dress. She looks like a fat Nancy Reagan with that goddamn red dress. Somebody please buy her got better wardrobe. You think that all the money the churches have got, they could buy her a better outfit. Well, make her look any better, but at least a little variety. And the getchies get off that her first and then here come the grandma. Number one and grandma number two and what's behind door number three and the yati yati yati. And then they're inside there. Oh, now it gets really a serious for hours and hours and hours as we can inject your what they're going to be eating for dinner. Are they going to show up and where is the limo and how come the plane is taxiing it is going back out on the runway again and they're starting up the goddamn engine. And here now all of a sudden the pilots are back inside and there's the pilot over there picking his nose and the other guys laughing. Don't forget when the pizza showed up. I didn't see that. Oh, when the pizza showed up, we spent a half hour trying to figure out who's that. Who's this from? Who's this? What? Are they going to have pizza? No, they're going to be dinner dinner. They're terrible to the pizza showed up, but it wasn't for them. Who's this for? Probably the pilot. Oh, well, the pilot said. See, there you go. The pilot said we need no goddamn horse neighborhood black beans and rice. They were eating a good old fashioned American. Oh, pizza. Pizza is American. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Listen, the other thing to the these meaty bolsters do. Yes. They heat all this publicity on a little kid. I've seen it happen before. Then all of a sudden the story ends. It goes away. And what do you think happens? Those little kids. They end up getting screwed up for life. Right. The other thing I'm going to do is I'm not using John Bene as well as that he's not alive anymore, because with all the publicity that she's had now, she'd be really all screwed up. Oh, yeah. I mean, they do this. All of a sudden they're getting all kinds of attention and all of a sudden boom. Another story gets them away. Some other murder, some other borsch and they go away. The other thing I just want to say to you and regard to the guy about the chief story about nine years old. Listen, when I was nine when Chavuas he was like for me, you didn't get filled with fish and crap. On fall. That's good point. You know, that took that in need. A lot gives him a fill. I should remember making a horse radish at that age. That's right. You wind up with irritable, a brain syndrome. Have a great day, pal. And happy circus too. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pond, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Four, six, seven, ten. They're all going to go to hell again. I'm telling you that right now. They should only rot in hell. Because you people have done a piss-forward job in and soon is one of them as soon as they get wind. As soon as they catch drift, the Rick Sanchez just squatted a channel. So all of a sudden all of them are into a feeding frenzy. Oh, we got to get on the air. Sevens on it. So as opposed to giving us any choices, I would even watch Goddamn General Hospital for Quizex, which I hate that show. If something else was on, I got 17 satellite dishes and I still got the goddamn cable because I haven't canceled it yet. And I still can't find anything to watch. Because there are every channels the same sound. I'm going to start turns the guy in that bans fishing channel. Or the golf channel. Could have watched. When he. 22 before noon at 5. 60 WDK. Well, I watch when he. No, no. No. Why should I be the one? Tisil Staggin in the church. Father Old School. God. Damn God. He started out the regular guy who joined the Rick Dury and laid the ultimate sacrifice and brazing celebration. He's father to. And then. But. Oh, Father Old School. Oh, I. At times when father's earthly means. God reminds his choice. He found the way to get through his life. All through his young bones. For court father, Routou. And then. Oh. Oh. Oh. Father Old School. Oh. He was happy and gay. He still he got close. Five sunsattles. Then the Vatican says everyone. All of them. He didn't have to go to jail. Father Routou. Oh. Hey. Oh. Oh. Father Old School. Father Old School. They sent him to a three-for-three. Where they jinn you flexed and trained. If it was you for it was me. Knock it up and throw the keys away. Father Routou. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. get Bahn sauce of F East Nolan is five sixty of a kind of a safe pretty short paid off to the city hall of from friday's Palm Beach celery 150 92 why did I just play that because somebody disrespects me from th black storming species onestoully are 25 million dollars videos and students from me former pre-stexual abuse. Now, who are we going again? Like I said, the school teacher is up with their fiance and a private swing club, doing a little hanky panky in the back room there. She's got her life destroyed. Ruin. Not only no more teaching, but she's a basketball case. But here's another case where these keep getting swept out of the carpet and goes on and on. And not one of you good Catholics, by the way, has ever got a single word to say about this. Just in denial. The suit charges at the National Unructural DICs in the National City Government failed to protect the boy who was molested and raped repeatedly by former priest Edward McCown over a period of years. The boy now 16 is identified in the lawsuit as John Doe 1. Also named as a defendant in the suit file this week, is Frank Richard's former Roman Catholic priest, who now is in West Palm Beach. And it works as a computer operator for the Palm Beach County Health Department's Division of Environmental Health and Engineering. Last year, Richard admitted to National Detectives to Nashville Dix that he had molested dozens of teenage boys while serving as a priest in the National DICs during the 1980s. He was never prosecuted because Tennessee's eight years' thanks to the limitations that expired, but the suit accuses him of having to fail report McCown in a colleague in the priesthood to the proper authorities. Reached his office Thursday, Richard declined to comment. What was he going to say? I need some action. McCown in a former priest was sentenced to 25 years in jail without parole last year after confessing the molesting at least 20 minors. McCown first employed as a priest in Nashville in 1971, admitted committing act of sexual battery and rape. The suit said that in the mid 1980s, the DICs became aware of McCown sexual misbehavior and set him to Connecticut for treatment for six months after which he returned the Nashville to the scene of the slime. But the suit alleged he continued to molest boys in both Nashville and Knoxville, where he served as a priest for a time. And was forced out of the priesthood only after giving a school boy a condom as a Christmas gift in 1989. Richard's resigned from the priesthood on the same day. Well, they weren't upset that he might do something to the boy. They just upset that the condoms are for birth control. McCown, they said about that. It's important for people in positions of trust to be held accountable, said attorney John Day, who filed the suit. In early 1990, McCown worked at the juvenile court in Nashville where fellow workers became aware of his past the suit said. It alleges that city authorities failed to act on the information and permitted McCown to work with juveniles and even get custody of one boy whom he abused sexually. And attorney for Nashville, Carl Dean said he did not have an immediate comment on the suits that I asked the same officials did not respond to messages. Of course, they were busy molesting other kids probably. According to court documents, Nashville police briefly investigated McCown but dropped a matter after the mother of boy pushed for action. I need some action. McCown was arrested and confessed. That each suit was after $8 million in compensatory damages for the boys and two million don't do it. Unless you've heard you don't do it. And two million dollars in damages for the boys, $8 million for the mother's plus $25 million in punitive action. I saw you did learn in there. What are you? Yeah, I knew you were going to do that. I knew before I even started reading that, you were going to do that. Sorry. Well, the priest want to have a little action. Is that what they want? I need some action. Yeah, that's okay. Here's what Lodderdale. Hello. Hi, New York. Good. I'm a daughter of a friend Peter Gauyx and lamb dazzo, a little bit. And they want my home address. I don't know if they wanted to. I want to come in the three in the morning and make you know for you can't refuse. But I'm just going to check in on your doorstep. You might recommend me to give me a job or something. Yeah. You know, I can't believe that these guys are Connie Mack and so on. Why not? But he's getting out of office. The way Lydia's to cocktail. But not. All the more reason he's a lame duck. You don't have to worry about him. He's pandering for his for his good buddy, Bill McCollum. Well, he's done his running for office, you know. Yeah. So that's probably what he's pandering for. You know? Well, there is one thing wrong with being a grandma though. And what is that, sir? Yes, the thief or a grandpa. That's true. Good point. Five to nine is a sterile. Five six, seven, oh five, 60, five, 60. Oh, he hates the thief. Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you Bill? OK. This is not what I call a drip about, but I just want to make one thing that is perfectly clear to you. Yes, sir. That Mr. Smith that Ms. White, number one, she should hold her head up high as possible and Frank Till and the rest of the board should be suspended for what they did to her putting her out in the middle of that desk. It's not unbelievable. This was ridiculous. I mean, it's just like, what is it called? The thing is the middle of the town squares, you know, like throwing her in one of those stocks. Yeah, right. Yeah, here was disgusting. So the board and the bro, which it just stepped out. But the thing that I called out, I'm drawn in quarter to think it's just personal. It looks good for you. She said district leaders did their best to railroad her out of her job and that the union officials also offered little support. Yeah, I did nothing. Where's that, what's his name? Guy, Toronto or whatever's name is, he's always bragging about how good he is. Anyway, what I often do is, hardly any mention was made last night of the fiasco that Guchiro's made with the run the last night breaking every traffic law that you can think of. Why didn't she then I was all he wanted to know. Live Martinez, Rick Sanchez was egging him on. You're only two blocks away. Hurry up, the planes that take off. Hurry hurry hurry. So some of the they were participating in this just like when Elliot Gonzalez on channel 4, Elliot Rodriguez, whatever his name is, a channel 4 was a, a charge dies in the Coast card. About what they were doing a few months ago, what I'd deal out there and he was going to play by play and what they ought to be doing in the variety. They every single mile. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Right. Yeah. Nobody was there was police cars. He didn't have a police escort, but there were police cars. You can see them and now one of them, they didn't know who he was in a black car. Yeah. They'd not one of them told this man over and he could have injured somebody in the meantime Martinez that bitch and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, uh, uh, Sanchez. That's it. Well, you know, you know, they were thanking him on and finally he says, listen, guys, I have to go because I got to make a turn here at the airport. Yeah, but you're only used. The planes that take a hurry up and they were thanking him. Well, who would you say? Who better to give advice on the drive and he rationally while you're in a bigger way than Rich Sanchez? Exactly. But the thing is, can somebody use that against them if they don't edit the darn things? What, what do you mean by that? In other words, go after them coming. Go after them. You're going to want them to want them to want them to want them to want. But for breaking those dead, the traffic laws. I'm talking about this guy was, I mean, weaving in and out of traffic, always and northwest, west, second. Yeah. All the way out to west state. Well, it was not the way old humans drive. Oh. Good point. OK. Have a great time. OK. Thanks for the bad minutes. Oh, my God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue rolling along, sing in a song. It could be paradise, but it's a living hell. Now, keep asking that question. Why is it just a handful? Just a few hundred and in this case, just a couple hundred of old getch keys with real bad, right on out yellow teeth and purple skin. And a three or four male content, hot shot, so-called political leaders, Schmidt Disurberers, they can control everything it goes on in our life. Make this into a really spastic place. That's our pull question, by the way. What would be worse? Spastic colon or spastic Miami. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? OK. I just was listening. Nobody's ever mentioned the fact that Joe Koeufs was there last night. Yeah. Maybe a grandmothers were pretty wicked curve. I don't know. Maybe they were even right with a contract. Just in case. That's what it says. For that little kid, a fossil out there about the grandmother's having a region to be scared. There was a guy that was arrested with a clock nine millimeter. Right. That means nothing I guess. He was a private dick, so we said. Did you know that one girl, I guess you called her a chap or a wasp, a girl that Marissa? Honestly, it says, huh? Yeah. You're probably just as related to that alien alien as she is. Right. Right. They're like 80 fifth cousins. Right. Right. But they're only decay from half sisters. Their nephews are from her half sister. Yeah. I mean, that's really, really no blood relation at all. They're almost strangers. But anyway, just to get another venue. What do you think of that horse chestnut's chance of recovery? A big of a person that horse chestnut to came from Africa. What do you think is Chad? Well, I don't know what you're talking about. A year is Ken and Ken and Bo. One choice. One horse. One that you mean a race horse? Yeah. I don't know anything about it. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, the Quarajus line. What do I think of that horse's recovery? What about those dolphins that beat themselves on a goddamn beach after they heard the score that Jacksonville game two weeks ago? Huh? Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes, Mr. Rogers. I'm listening to you for quite some years. The Lian Gonzalez topic that you've been discussing. I really think that a lot of this is this whole problem with Lian Gonzalez. This is one symptom of a much larger problem. That isn't going on for approximately 40 years now. Since we had a revolution in a country about 90 miles away from the United States of America. This is just what we know about. We certainly know that this people getting here. It's not on a daily basis. There's many refugees getting into smuggling. And what have you? And the numbers that we hear are the ones that are reported and we know about and the ones that are found. What I'm really wondering is if this is something that has really been disrupting this country for all these years. And it's caused so many problems, so much suffering and so much separation for so many people. And so we've got this. We've gone to Kuwait to fight wars for oil. We've gone to Grenada. We've gotten rid of dictators like Noreaia. We have this lunatic. 90 miles away. So I know exactly where you're going. We are not going to what we have. No, there is no national interest in going to war with the Cuba. But the certainly it's not maybe not. There is no sense. Forget about a war. What I'm saying is because we're going to go to war with Mexico because we have an immigration problem with Mexico. Absolutely not. So what are you suggesting? How are we going to over throw cash to? How are we going to do that? Well, we certainly we certainly don't do much to help the people who would want to do so on their own. But because we don't let individuals run foreign policy, that's correct. They're still managing to get 20 a money over there. Let me ask you this. If if if you're country's borders, I mean Mexico, you're talking about a country that's right joined by a country. That is correct. And we're still not going to war with Mexico. And there are millions of people coming up from all over Latin America and from Mexico into Texas and into the southeast of the California every year. And we're going to go to war or try to overthrow their leaders because of the fact that we have an immigration problem. The way to solve the problem serves by having an immigration policy that makes sense and that we enforce. Nice going. Thank you. Very simple. Not going to war with the bearded months so we can make you happy. So it isn't going to happen. Give it up. Give it up month. Please come on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, are you going to give it up? No, I'm sure you're not. 3 minutes till noon at 5, 60, W to QM. The Neil Roger show sports radio 5, 60, QA, and oh, don't you see me? Oh, I have a good body day. I'm your duty to the Catholic. I know one never be. All right. I'm going to go to the church. I will travel across the world. I think I get you thoughts should I do? That's good to be dressed like a girl. I'm sure you love it to be. I'm going to get really just a dress like me. And try to see our tires. That's a real estate. It's one way must be right. We need what I say to you. That's my very dad, a draw or a lift. My dress and shape be comfortable. We're going to show you this ball. Because I really want to show you this ball. It's a minute after 12. I'm glad the Congress is really whipped up into a frenzy about this alien crap. Because for example, here's something they could be dealing with, but they're not. You could hold FTA is the FDA supposed to protect us. Of course not. Agency warns of drug deaths. Hard valve maker recalls silver model also. The popular heartburn drug propulsive can cause dangerous irregular heart beats and even sudden death. The government said on Monday, medicine should be used only as a last resort. And only by patients first given heart tests to ensure they are at low risk for the sign affected worn. Also on Monday, a leading heart valve manufacturer stopped worldwide implants of silver coded heart valves because the coding meant to reduce heart infection. This said makes the valves prone to leak. Recall effects only valves still on hospital shelves. Not those already inside patients. Health officials said. The food and drug administration's unusually strong warning about propulsive comes in the wake of 70 deaths and 200 other reports of irregular heart beat and other heart ridden disturbances. Since the drug hit the market in 1993. Anyone with heart disease or a list of other illnesses should not use it. The FDA said. An advised patient is now taking propulsive to ask their doctor is about switching the medications. The agency also said doctor should not prescribe the dog or not first perform an EKG. Manufactured Johnson and Johnson male the warning. The thousands of physicians on Monday. Of course it will get you know, takes a while in the mail and then doctors don't open and mail the wrong vacations. And how many people will die in the meantime in the interim. Important things things that have to do with life and death with the real world is the is Congress taking care of these things. Are people still freezing up north because they're homeless and sleeping outside. Yes. And your Congress your government and action that taxes the living Schmidt out of us that can't squeeze enough goddamn blood out of us. They're hard to work on important things like like this. You can't even imagine how many carapacters they must have. They must have up there in DC with all the back problems they've got but all they're pandering and poshering that goes on. 567.0.560 pound and 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. I love the answer. Okay. Okay. That couple things to say first that pretty mentioned a little earlier. I got you go to hell in the hand basket. Yeah. I'm a little bit frustrated too. Faster. Second. This will kind of pathetic journalism. Well, all of all of you can news stations, all of them on the. Bad memories around. Miami airport. video taping a lobby. Rich. Chancho asking stupid questions like is that a church. Yeah. They're the key momenter. Tain. This is ridiculous. I mean, I'm sure that there is much more things that they can be doing with a time informing the future. There's other things going on in the world beside that. I mean, no confused Rick Tcho Chow at that. But there's other things that are going on. Exactly. It's ridiculous. It also about the damn Castro man. I think we should send some. Can I have a great day and pop a cap into that. Okay. All right. And have a great day. Pop on his ass. Come on. There you go. Well, maybe the popular like to have done some while he was over there. And how come I asked the question last year when a pope was down there. Nobody answered this. The same people who aren't calling today. They didn't call back then. They're all listening, but they won't call. Cats got their tongue. Pop's got their tongue. Are they son? That's the problem. You're very effectively brainwashed. And you just, you know, you don't want to come to our very unpleasant realize that you've been lied to all your life and your whole life is built around a bunch of bullshit. But that's just the way it is. Anything changed down there since the pope was there? No. No. Did he bring anything with him like to help those people? No. No. Just a bunch of anti rhetoric and anti bullshit. Much of his Stone Age dogma. Make a lot of babies. Make the Pope happy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and full waterdale. Hello. Neil, I'm glad you mentioned Congress. Exactly what I wanted to speak about. I think we must clean up our own house. But we'll invite company over. We have the nonprofits who are still suffering as well as their offspring from the effects of agent orange. We've got them in general. Yeah. Much of stuff from the Gulf War that we have. We have the Gulf War to come around. Right. Now I've got some German warfare. Right. They'll have our GI's. And what you said you have people living like rats in the cities in the subways underneath our cities. They'd be better off with a house in Cuba than the way they're living now. You know something that's a very good point. I think that if we offer them a shack in Cuba and the Hills in Cuba, if we offer them a shack is compared to live out on the sidewalks now. They'd probably take the Eddie Shack. I see these four guys. I was going through Fort Worth of the other small and these poor guys selling newspapers 20 hours a day to try and get a room to sleep in. They're outside shivering. What are we doing for our own? We don't take care of our own. It's so frustrating. Not to mention of course all the kids are going to school in the Fort of bodies in Broward County and the kids are can't get lunches in the day county. Kids don't have textbooks in the day county. And I brought that up about 500 times in last year and a half. And nobody out there gives a crap about that. And nobody is demonstrating about it. Nobody is marching in the street. And nobody is blocking traffic. And nobody's waving their broken teeth in here. Nobody gives a crap. A lot of important things. All I give a crap about is crap. We have people living in cars with boxes in this country. The richest country in the world. This is totally totally unacceptable. And I want to know one more thing. You're paying the cash for the grandma just to go slow down the country. I'll see you, Dell. I'm sure. Or the National Council of Churches are both. Well, I re-actor sized me. But they didn't go to this. They didn't go to Disney World. They didn't go to Disney World. I hate when that happens. You know, I think we got a little tip for that. Yeah, they're not going yet. Well, that's maybe that's why they didn't go back. 560, 750, 560, pump five. Yeah, certainly this at the feet of the house. We could go there. If they had not come over there, we got to go see Mickey too. Maybe Mickey is a good communist. Because you know that, Disney. 560, 750, 60, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Up the town line, 877, 785, 63, 45. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, hi, you know, hi. This real quick, I'm a new fan of yours. My husband and mother, a huge, huge fan of yours. Oh, yeah. And she says, you are the only thing that helps to make it through a work day, too. Good. I just will. I'm the bomb. You are. I just want to say real quick, dead. I'm not Cuban. And I would not say this. It's a war for the fact that these people are making me sick. They're discussing their pathetic. They're more on it. And I want to go down there and tell them to their face. And tell them that I'm half Cuban. And I'm ashamed to say it. Others, and they're just pathetic. And it makes me sick that I have to turn on the TV every single day, as to take up my newspaper. And I have to see these asshole down there waving their stupid Cuban flag. Yeah. With the same story, a little kid was drawing, drawing around with his little camera. And as you said, there's so many more other issues that we need to focus on. And these pathetic news people, like you said, they're disgusting. And it's making me sick. And I'm ashamed to say, if I wasn't with the fact that I'm married, I don't tell anybody that I'm half-fian, half-cubin. I'm sorry. Half-cubin, because it's shameful. No, don't tell them. Don't tell them which half-eater, please. I won't. I can't have a hair-rape. Thank you. Okay. Camera down, please. She means well, but she's a little hysterical. I understand why she's embarrassed. She ought to have a lot of company out there. Those people call her. No, they're not. One or two. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. You know, you make your bed in your lay-in. You get to fall out. And if you let other people speak for you and represent you, and you sit back. Like, lucky you got a lot of joy on that. Tough craft. That's the way I look at it. If you don't want to speak out. And I'd like to know where the other people are down there, coming out of the house, say to all these old far. Take it to hell out of here and go back home and do something. Last night would have been the perfect night. Get those bastards out of there. Soon as they knew that the grandmas were coming to the airport, they should have gone down there, went and down and cleared that place out. I don't see any other house in that neighborhood that's got 200 people lined up outside. We've been flying them. I don't know if they're flying them. I don't know if they're flying them. I don't know if they're flying them. I don't know if they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. If they're flying them. Fourth radio. 560. QAF. 560. This is Lance Petla. Can you listen to self-blower? There's number one hockey fan. Neil Rogers. I'm Sports Radio. 560. QAF. Our both you and your spouse, but ugly. Do you really want to pass along? Go to East Genetics to another generation? Well, with supermodel home egg brutalizing kid. You can make vast improvements on your repulsive lineage. By simply cross-breeding your DNA. With that of the Madam wasel cover girl of your choice. And nine months later, you'll have a little baby Christy Turlington or a pint-sized Cindy Crawford. So what are you waiting for? If you're a big fat homely, unpleasant looking new to the man, you can stop your families' pleasing genetic traits right in their track. When you do a service for the greater good of the species and buy the supermodel, home egg fertilizing kid today. Do the limited quantity. Some supermodels made me substitute with 20 stock lotlisers. 12. 12. 16 at 560 WQAM. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T line, I wrote a timeline pretty quiet today. Of course, because they don't know for many of this stuff. And they're lucky. 877. 785. 6345. Here's a call in the Grove. Hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to let lady to call the disease and bear us about being half human. Just want to let her know for every person I currently is about a hundred million. That's what I'm saying. But in any of that, what does that mean? Well, what does that mean about her not being proud of her half side or whatever? She's talking about what's going on now. Right. Well, it's ridiculous. I mean, you're not embarrassed by it. I'm embarrassed about it. But I don't have to apologize for it or say I'm not proud. That's a very, that's a very over-broad statement to say you're not proud of being Cuban because a couple hundred Cuban people are protesting a little street. So, but don't you understand? This is the whole point that those people are representing you. They represent. And that's what that's what the not just the communities these. That's what the whole world sees. This is the soft flow to Cuban ex-autumnity, which basically is code for all of you people. Well, listen, it's not the Cuban fault in Miami that they're getting so much media attention around the world and nationally about this. But we're not. But we're not. But what wrong with her calling and speaking out against the what are you knocking her for? Okay. Well, what's condemning it? How come you're not condemning it? Oh, absolutely. I'm condemning. Well, so where's everybody else? In 50,000 Cubans in date county. And I have to beg and plead to get one or two you folks to call. And I know we got millions of folks listening out there. Where are they? Talk to me. I'm here. I'm Cuban and I'm talking to you. Well, so let me just say that's put everything that's proper perspective. You've got one street that's being blocked off. There's no. We're from Rhode Island. Rhode Island. Rhode Island. Right now. You have more violence in a rock concert in this country than you do with these old Cubans down in that one street. Yeah. The state of this county is being held hostage because they're blocking one street. Most of you call this have never been to any other block. They're blocking. Blocking. Right now. But a couple of weeks ago, they were blocking off more than one street. And they were blocking. And they were trying to. And they were trying to. I want to. You want to have a conversation. I'd be glad to have a with you. But don't try to, you know, just to talk over me. The fact is that they were threatening to close down the airport practically. They were threatening to do a lot more. And even a Joseba solso says, God only knows. I can't predict what's going to happen if we wind up losing this. And he goes back to Cuba. Now, what? And what kind of a way is that for people in they counted to have live waiting for the next bunch of threats to come. And how about when the MacArthur causeway was blocked off back when a Coast Guard, where there's something those those people in the in the ocean. How about then? Certainly don't condendles that. Obviously. And I'm embarrassed about it. But I wouldn't go to the point where some of your call is make it out to be something. You know, these Cubans are not rioting. They're not burning cars and property like they did in Seattle. So we don't we don't live in Seattle. And that makes it look like a pissing contest. Who's more embarrassing? The fact is that they are they are carrying on to a point where unless they get their way, they're threatening the community with more whatever the night on the group event. But that doesn't make and I don't agree with that. But it doesn't make it right. Your call is used as an excuse for their big a tree. Some of some of them do. Some of them do. First of all, this media attention is given to us worldwide. A lot of people are invious of Cubans get media attention while other Hispanic. No, no, no, no, they're not. There's no, they're not sure there's any group of people in the world that want to be viewed as the these two or 300 people down there at that house are being viewed. Nobody wants to know if they're talking about. Well, that's what we're talking about. But you have to notice in your call or a lot of resentment towards Cubans, particularly from how their Hispanic, Serenese, South Florida and Russia. You know, something when people crawl, I don't ask them, are you peruvian? Are you Mexican? Are you per... I don't know. I have no idea. So, in other words, you're saying other Hispanics are jealous of Cubans, is that what you're saying? Absolutely. They're very ambious of Cubans that they can't understand why one little Cuban boy gets so much attention when there's thousands of thousands of other Hispanics here that have been in this country and why are they resident and why don't you get so much attention? Why is he doing it? But that's not our fault. And you can't, these other Hispanics have called in to show, they're not, they say, if billion gets or doesn't get his residency, that's not a fact. These other Hispanics residents that, they're not going to get the resident status as they enter this country legally, in which is each another's organization. They're, you know, behind the actual laws that sort of... Make them look, like memor<|bn|>s, give them instruction. They're gonna serve this to all. But yeah, they just have faithfully, they obviously have violence. They have violence for the meter. It's absolutely impossible. So, they're always forced to use violence that you've done rigidly there  not for sure. This healthcare development's not cured because they're lazy. 160,000 Cuban deer and it is not a given because those are the only people that are opening up a mouth and Jose Basuto and the Romance Al-Sanchez and all these other losers Lincoln, the Esbloart, they are pretending to speak for you. Well, it is and there's the only people we see back a senator from the senator to the U.S. Congress is the irrepresented of the American people in Florida supposedly because he's not because 80% of the American people are 90% wanted to go back. Yeah, he's the one that's speaking about it. Well, he sees the same pictures on television and all the rest of us. We know that all the leaders do not represent the people. Well, well, no, no, no, no, no. Who does, who are they people in the South Florida represent the Cuban population? Who are, there really isn't anybody that represents the, I'm talking about politically, who are the political leaders? I would say it would be probably the number one political leader would be Al-Sanchez and the Cuban American National Foundation, which is Ho-A-Masconosa, Jr. whoever it is. Well, there's an that said. Well, it is that. It is that. Hello? I'm listening. Oh, I'm sorry. It is that the goals are the leaders of this community had. It's like a lot of other community such as the Black community, that leader such as Jesse Jackson, which really don't have it. And Louis Verra Canyon. Louis Verra. A lot of examples of leaders that really don't represent the mainstream of their people. Yeah. The white of Cubans be any different. Well, I, I, I, I don't agree with you. I think that the rational Cubans in there, a lot of them have to speak out more against this. Well, you know, you know, you're going up against Grandmont and Papa. And it's not always an easy thing for a lot of Cubans to do. OK. All right. Take care. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Davey. Hello. Hello. Neo. Yes. Are you doing? I'm doing good. Great. Just a couple of things to say about this because you asked the question like, why are just this to that other guy? And he asked it for the last few weeks. Why are the other Cubans speaking out and condemning this action? I'm going to tell you what I've discerned in my travels and the people I know that ours is spanac, they agree with them. They will be quiet about it. And they will not voice it and go out in the street like a bunch of lunatics marching and parading and blocking traffic. But they basically, the bottom line is their answer is, if it wasn't for those people doing that, this kid would be gone back to Cuban now. And we support him wholeheartedly. So that's why they're not speaking out because they don't disagree with them. They really don't. And if you talk about them, they ask, they ask, oh, good. The poll they did on Michael Punty, which he goes Sunday, they asked about the disruptions and the demonstrations in the street. And overwhelming, I think it was 76% to 74% of the Hispanics disagreed with that. I just, they were supportive. I believe they're saying that just because they think that's the proper thing to say. But I think that if they really disagree with them, they would do something about it because there's no way that 200 is going. Well, what would you want them to do about it? I don't like them to do that. I think he's important. That's one thing. But what else would you like them to do? They gotta speak out. They gotta let their voice be heard. They like them to go down there on that street and beat the crap out of those old whoopless bastards. They're like that, would you? I'd love it. Yeah, me too. But I don't know what the answer is. They're at least to be worth watching. There are very curious bringer. It correct. But there are people that are teachers. They're doctors that are respected in the community who do not get involved in any of this crap. Who don't get involved in any of the politics. But like I said, those people over there, they're not doctors, they're not lawyers, and they're not, they're much as scumbag. Basically, most of them, I mean, look at those people. I think to myself, Jesus Christ, this is what the Cuban community allows them to be represented by. But the other 99%. Well, how are those people? Well, the other 99.2% are all of them. But a lot of those 99% that are not involved in this will, in the confides of their own home, but their own office will sit there and tell you, write to your face, that have done it to me. I can't talk about all of them, but the ones I know, and I know a lot of them, they will sit and tell you, write to your face, I feel that if it wasn't for those people doing that demonstrating and blocking the excuse me. This kid would have been a long, God. Yeah. Okay. So that's it. Well, see, that's my opinion. I like to say. Okay. That's talking to you, Mike. By the way, this is the Mustang. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. Somebody facts the, an email to the channel 7 last night. This is why not do a story on how the Senate and House are not anti-family keeping this child from his blood relatives. I think you can find better stuff to report than the Cuban American I use that term loosely view on these things. Seems all of the Cuban Americans are anti-family also, so much for family values. Interesting that the Terry facts that the channel 7 because I have a clipping from an article I was written in some Tennessee paper. What it was it from Knoxville, Tennessee. Cuban boys should go home by Molly Ivins. Oh, this is in the Texas from the Fort Worth of the Star Telegram. And it says, Aliens father, all four grandparents in a great grandmother, always four in Cuba. Here he is only in the custody of a paternal great uncle who he doesn't even know. Hey Republicans, whatever happened to family values. Good question, Mayor Molly. For like I said, the bottom line of this is, let's get an overweight. Let's get out of it. Let's end it for more stuff like the Marus Panther Devil's Game to Marnais, the Macarena 730. Let's make life a little bit more enjoyable and tackle the important things here instead of the crime. And why does this 160-year-old boy so far supersede all the other people who are desperate in starving and, uh, etc. And so on acclimations and the people from law, I probably could have been a con on see there I said it again. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. How are you? Yes, sir. I've got two questions. The tour of all the ponder. Where is the money coming from for this attorney to sign? He's paying for this guy. What's his name? Spencer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's not a human. He's another two lawyer. I know he is. And the second thing is when in the hell they can take the Christmas light to this house? I think I'm so pissed. And, uh, you know what I heard you talked the other day. I have IBS. You have IBS. Yeah. I have IBS. And I'm bothered by a stick. Okay. Great. 560560. 560. I'm sure you'd like for the three kings thing. Yeah. I don't worry about him. He's on the worry about him. I am. There's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. My phone's going to crap out. But I just want to say I am Cuban. And I am ashamed of what's going on. I think the whole business kid fostered here in this country. Mm-hmm. And the back to his father were people long. Okay. Whether it's a communist country or not, he needs to be with his father. And I think the whole thing is going on as a bunch of crap. And all those Cuban sounders do not speak for the rest of the Cubans. My family, my whole entire family include my grandparents. I agree that they keep the long food the father. That's all I have to say. Thank you. 560560. See, that's not so hard. And somebody to question whether you agree or disagree. It's a question of tactic and a question of methods. It's a question of brow beating and threatening and harassing. And yeah, they're only on one street right now. But God help us. Heaven and everybody in Jesus and Moses and Buddha help us if they want to have sending this kid back. Because you've got, what was it? A couple of thousand, maybe at the most, you've got a couple of thousand. I guess those people are got other things to do in their lives. We saw just camp out at the house. But a lot of a couple of thousand that we've seen at the max. Who operate on orders as soon as they snap their fingers. They start goose stepping around. What do you want us to do now? Okay. They're the cameras. They're right. But I mean, better. I don't think that's the airport. There isn't anybody in this community who deserves to have his or her life disrupted because a group of hysterically emotional people can't get their way every time. I know this comes as a great shock to you because you've been so panicked to by the politicians here for 40 years. But guess what? They're going to be those times when you don't get your way. And they're going to be those times when low's bomb bomb come in a perform where we'd have to lay want and the two freaking bad, okay? And life goes on. And everybody who comes here whoever stepped up foot on that soil who doesn't agree with these people, oh, he's a pawn of Castro. He's an age like a music group, oh, yeah, they're singing Castro music. Are they singing Castro music? Oh, propaganda? Oh, no. You're dealing with irrational hysterical people fueled by a totally irresponsible Spanish language media and also given enormous publicity by a responsible is the word you can't even use for the English language media here. Let me say it again, 4, 6, 7 and 10, you should all go to hell again. You're a bunch of crazy people. It's one thing to give perspective and news coverage and put it in its proper surface perspective and give them out of coverage that it deserves. But to create this hysteria over a couple hundred people and over one immigration case that's all this is how many immigration hearings are there every year in this country? How many thousands? How many desperate children come here? How many of those Haitians return to Ronald Wenzbeck including kids from China? Another communist country. Anybody protesting about that? No. No, they're busy cooking a goddamn wand ton soup. This is 560, UAL. We've got what's the first beef, Joe Rogan, Jeff DeFarce, and Steve Goldstein, we're ignoring the sex only on 4th radio 560, QAL. They're prolific, but look at the rules. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't engage yourworkers. I hate to talk to you- I hate not a recipe at all. Ready a little tooack. Put your bacon over, give it a mouth open, don't you? Not at all? Add your pulp. Add my risky shots with a DORE, eh?! Vegetable movies or C-d! I don't know that at all! I do! I'm afraid I will not let go. I'll bet in the cross to rule me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make it to the table, say me. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. I'll make again. I'll make it to the toilet, say me. Why don't you write the letters? Don't bother me! I'm going to take flight time! I'm going to take flight time! I'll sit by for dawn, if the storm is long when that's the fine. I'm going to learn how true flight minister also spoke to Mr. Eta. I'm from Seoul, close, and I'm from my kishiki. I'm from Seoul, close, and I'm from kishiki. I'm from Seoul, and I'm from Seoul, and I'm from Seoul, and I'm from Seoul. Crawl 32 at 5.60 WQM 5.60, what am I given to number so on? They're jamming. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yeah. Yes sir. What's your topic here? About what do you think the NHL or the Rangers should do about Kevin Stevens? What's your day to a bottom? They're going to day with they already did a bottom. He's going to rehab for the 8 million times. Right. And if he met me, oh, it does it again two or three hundred more times, and then maybe kick his ass out of the league. Kevin Stevens. I said these people don't know him from Connie Stevens. 5.6705.60, pound five. 60 on the AT&T, where I'll slide Kevin's head problem for a long, long time. Mostly booze, now drugs, not prostitutes, but that's where it goes. How many chances is a professional athlete get? Two, three hundred, something like that. Five hundred times. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Oh, long going. Something happened with that line by the way. That line got the, because soon as I punched it. Something really strange going on here with these phones today. Of course, I know that's a novelty for the long-suffering audience of this program. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, today afternoon, late in the afternoon early in the evening. 4, channel 4, 6, 7, and 10. All covered this wasps, be looking, Anglo kind of a guy who represented the National Council of Churches. And they spent about 15 or 20 minutes in this guy. Once laying out the road map, how this was going to be handled. We're going to take the grandmother's up there. They're going to cut the washing to see. We're going to get together. He's answering all these questions. Like he's got the answers. I was going to be handled. And it's a National Competition. I think he did with the INS. I mean, did everything to do with Janet Reno? How many of these attorneys were there? Any else? Sure. However, you'll recall that the INS Jan arena, when she made the decisions, he said that she hoped that there would be somebody perhaps the National Council of Churches might act as the intermediaries. The go between as the Pimp and whatever decision was made. And that's what they're doing. Well, we've totally lost it because this guy had, you spent 15 or 20 minutes. And some of the stuff he was saying was absolutely incredible. How they're going to put this stuff together. We've lost. And we have to get the National Council of Churches involved with things that the bureaucrats in Washington locally should be taken care of. And the meantime, lost in the middle of all of this is this poor little kid. He's lost in the middle of all of this crap of all the bureaucrats, the politicians, the Communists, the hysterical exiles. The kid is in the middle. Nobody cares about this kid. And does anybody know who paid for that plane to fly these people all up and down over here? Washington back here, back from Cuba. Who is paying for this? Communists, Communists, Communists. Okay. Well, thanks a lot. We've lost it, buddy. Okay. He says, we lost the war. Let's be alone. I live in Broward. 560, 0560, Pomp 560, the AT&T Wireless Line. Not too proud to live in Broward most of the time. But hey, you know, you have to take the best of the bad morals. Here's a mobile and point and be chill out. Hey, Neil. I'm listening to you for quite a bit. And I gotta tell you that would have been going on since November. And it's pretty discussion to see what's going on. First of all, you just hit the nail right on the head that nobody really cares about this kid. This poor kid is in the middle of this. You got this guy from Brothers at a rescue that's on. I saw him the other day on MSNBC telling him that hell will be paid in Miami if this kid goes back. Who is this guy to threaten this city that helps to break down? He's a professional, Smith Disterber and you know something that maybe they ought to put his ass in jail for a few weeks and come his ass down for threatening, for making threats to the public and threatening the welfare of the community. Maybe they ought to take him into a couple of others like him and put them away for a while. Well, let me tell you all about this down. Also another thing that's real annoying, I had to bring my wife into this country she came from Canada and I had to go through the legal steps. You've got all these people that say, this kid has this right in this right in that right. But yet, I don't see one US flag being held by one of these Cuban. I saw one. Well, last night, you're lucky to see one because I have a few big US flags and it was one big American flag there. Now, with them. The federal intruder. For the country. I'm probably going to follow me. So, for them to block the city to threaten, they're going to take Miami by storm to threaten the airport. And everything else, you know what? This kid belongs with his father by all accounts. The father's been a good father. It's been taking care of him. As seen the kid, he did not abandon the kid. Yeah. This country, the government, the Congress, nobody has any right in this world to say, what parents should have, what child. We just because he's growing up, let's just say, it is poverty over there and everything else. But we have no right to take a child from his father. And this is where there are some Democrats involved. But it's mostly the Republicans led by people like Connie Mackin, the Trump lot and Jesse Helms and these assholes, these right wingers. They're the ones. This is the irony and the hypocrisy of it. They're the ones who are the most vehemently anti-immigration. And yet now, because they think they can make some political brownie points, the grandsting on this bull crab. Right. Everybody's in it for something. It's a family down there. I say, let's say Jesse down there is what I say. Helms say, help me. I help take care of it. Favorite day, power of you. Yeah, there you go. It's just a total joke. I mean, even the family, the sit there and say they're protecting this kid. But yet when the TV cameras are out there, they take this six year old kid and put them on their shoulders. And he's raising his fist is ridiculous. That kid needs to be with his father. It needs to be done with. They should have never bought it this far. So the Janet Reno should make the decision and just say, back you go. And the US Marshall's pay them out of there. And you know what? Two weeks ago, nobody will even remember this story. And by that, all right. Okay. Thanks, pal. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the 18 to where was my. That's what we're saying. Get it over with. One way or the other. We don't care. We don't wish to kid no ill. In fact, we wish him good. We need some luck. But get it over with. And please don't insult my intelligence by telling me that nobody is holding this community hostage. Because that's been written in our columns from coast to coast. Everybody knows that. This isn't the first time. And you can talk about Seattle all you want. Seattle generally speaking is a very peaceful city. And they had that the WTO thing up there. And it turned out to be a bunch of mal content and Ojo on provocative to agree. And they had about seen once. And we go through the same crap over and over and over again, whether it's lost band band, whether it's the coast guard, whether it's alien. Every time it's little group of mal content with bad teeth, don't get their way. It's not that much like a bunch of little spoiled breads banging their god damn table spoons on the table. This community any community deserves better. And please don't give me that. When I see those assholes, yellow and libertad. I want a barf. Your idea of libertad is only what you believe is okay for you. What you want as long as you get your god damn way. But for anybody else, that's what you care. And by the way, get some god damn teeth. This is 560. You a yeah. I already have a homosexual relationship with me. Also I might as well have one with you too. Treat your family to a Cuban Italian meal that'll have a lion industry. Thomas, ready to load our own rigged Tony. Pull me back and on. They've made by thousands of big Jamaican women in hernets. You'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's prison on every noodle. You can't let them leave us peace. But they dee Jesus or life ain't hot with libid's odd. Rigoloto rigged Tony won't stick to the pot. So clean up his easy. No boss, Tomas. Don't be a front running Tony. Give them rigoloto rigged Tony. 18 to one at five 60 WCM Hanklebe in Atlanta. The site of these super bowl coming up into the South Nome. We got booster with six got her a cool basketball at seven and get no-to-date. Well that's a tough for me to decide because I like what's the name? Leonard Hamilton. Coach whatever his name is. He's a good guy. And Ed Kappler right after the basketball game. Notre Dame or Miami. What do you say? Her coolant at nine. Her coolant? You're going to root for them? No. We're going to be listening to the game. No. Here's my new a die book by the way. 20 30 fattened fiber die plan by Gary Morgan M.D. and Barry Fox PhD. The only thing I almost didn't tick this up. It's a paperback and it's very easy to find because it's got a little counter, a little yellow plastic thing like chain through the book for fat grams and fiber grams. The only thing that almost diswated me from buying it was it says on top read Dr. Merckon's 20 30 plan it could help save your life and save mine and guess who wrote that. 20 30. So when I saw every king's name on earth, I don't know but I leave through it and it seems like it makes sense. So if that can't just go to work for you or if IBS is infected your rectum and guts and whatever else, maybe this might do it fiber. When it doubts shove it right through there man. It's pretty small Merckon. Am I R.K.I.N.? Okay. Jewish. How did you doctor? It's either a Jew doctor or a Jew lawyer. How did you guess? Here's Miami. Hello. And you? Yes sir. Yes sir. I want to come on the early on thing. I remember correctly he was found at sea. He didn't make it on the shore. Right. Right. Don't we have legislation about that sort of thing that you know. Let me see technically he was the coast guard didn't intercept him. He was rescued by the fisherman in Papro Beach and they brought him to shore. So you know it's a real technicality. Say everything. It's a great idea. He's safe. Hello. Yeah. I'm listening. Okay. I have a little tip for you. Like? Okay. 567. That's one of your three amigos there. 567. 560. Pomp 560. I think the award was going to be whole is what he's trying to you know he's trying to admit even asshole. Yeah. I think it was blank hole. Here's a mobile and cross bring to all. Okay. Hey. Did you catch the paper? The other day was talking about now NBC can be making a story. I'm moving about Helion. I think that's why you eat it. Oh no. Yeah. There's a way to see what the final outcome is. That's why you sell a big script yet. I'm going to be a very TV story. Exactly. Rescue it. I've actually had that fisherman in Papro Beach. Him and his cohort there. I've actually done that. I'll be in it. I'm sure. Maybe get a little piece of the action. Yeah. That's a good point. You know, the footage of Rick Sanchez is egging the monochibon direction. See if they would have just had one of those cars. You know, the new cars that got the directional thing in them. We did it and talked back to you and tells you how to get where but it had you going. Well, they wouldn't understand it could have been the English. No, they're not going to be an espiong. You know, too. Hey, did you? I think they were going to be a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Julia. Yes. Okay.opian arts, they did you lower Speaker Ys Jesse Jackson. You see that he's asking off players in the Super Bowl where American flags on their helmet. Let's start. Let's just. Yeah. Works they say. Ah. One thing for those have won. What was the Gamecielv? You know, he really gets around are pretty good. First. It was the green. Basically it was a different player. The King became a elf. schauen faced was a classic car and he was a big bra. And I think, you know, a water sniggled would do something constructive. like retire would be good. We should get a job first. Exactly. Get a real job, excellent. Him and Bob Cunston, okay, have a great day, sir. Professional rattle rouses. What do you do for a living? Oh, I'm just a rattle rowser. Yeah. I mean, if you were to ask the question, what is it that the Jesse Jackson does for a living? Has he ever had like a real job? What does he do? He's an ozone provacitor. Exactly. I couldn't see it better myself. Boy, we should not really have a lot of fun. Of course, now we got a lot of clothes. We got a Jose Jose Basulto. He's an ozone provacitor. And Lincoln, DS ballard. He's an ozone provacitor. Rimes with and we got the who else. And rattle and salal sonchets. He's an ozone provacitor. Who have been? I do like judo bees. Here's the Fort Myers, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Let's put your teeth out for the good. Yes. You know, a year later, your people call an incubin saying that, you know, the only rep is that right. We haven't had a lot of Cubans. We've had a smattering. Maybe a handful. Well, I don't have the one that's been calling in. I've been saying that, you know, only one percent of the people are involved in this. But I wonder how come it is that they keep voting for Ross Layton over there. And how come they keep voting for public? And if they're against all this kind of stuff. It beats me. I don't know. We'll see what's going to happen. I don't have much to say. I'm from Fort Myers with a jerk of Connie Macca's live. I'm fortunate. Uh-huh. Better use an us. Right. We got the reverse antenna. If we got Lincoln, DS ballard. And we have Joe Carroyo. Yeah, we had an earpinga, Pacinia. This is partying, you know, from the Senate. You know, he puts this bill in there. So it's what the waste is. It's ten years has been too much baseball to not a helmet man. I have a great day. Thank you. See, even a little voice in there from Fort Myers over there. What they just laughed at us, you know, of course, I guess that would be laughing at us over there because we're here in your there. 877, 785, 6345. That's our out of town line for Fort Myers and Palm Beach and Boston. By the way, speaking of Boston, bad news. What I do with that thing. I should make amit, can it? Oh, I hope not. That was an important piece of crap. Oh, I did hear something. Hey, where did that crack? What did I do with that thing? It was a very important release from a bluff lens. He brought it in about this company bought a radio station. WRCA in Boston. Anybody ever heard WRCA? Oh, give me our friends from our KO can call another snowman kind of a station. That is, they're programming is brokered Hispanic programming. In other words, this one of those really just sell the time and you can put any crap under you want. But by a block. Yeah, let's buy our own block. All right, better than that. Why not put this show on that station up there in Boston? We kick some serious ass up there with some living and breathing people up there. It's a bilingual show. It would qualify. The bisexual show would qualify up there, right? So anyway, the name of the manager. What does that say to help us? The general manager? I forget. Was this stew, uh, uh, I'm just going to replace him with stew guys. Right, what did I do with that thing? I can't believe I threw it out. What is that? Food tomatoes. I don't know. Probably shit. Because it's a more crap from the beeswaves. Why get other bind up all these little five dollar stations to make it look like they're real company before. I can't say it's the quiet period. Yeah, to try to make. What is that? What's in there? Well, we certainly can't say what it is on the air, but I'll show you. What, what, but what is it? It's a book says BeeZee broadcast in company. Uh-huh. It's not a bunch of order forms. You don't need to participate in that thing that we can't talk about. Yeah. What for like a, uh, for a profit sharing for retirement plan or for like, No, for like, uh, and some of this stuff. I'm going to, don't say stock. Oh, stuff, stuff. Schmidt. Yeah, I'm going to make sure somebody asked me this morning. How much you got a binding? I said, oh, no, I'm not. No, thank you. How much? Oh, zero. Not a zippity do da. Not a thing. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, too. When is, uh, Palm Rejo? Yes, absolutely. Uh, I want to say that I was born in Cuba. I came here and I was to your home. Yes, sir. I'm a Vietnam vet. Right. And I believe in freedom of speech and fashion. And I also believe in equal time. I was certainly hope that I do it. Give me the time to say my piece. Because I'm really disgusted by all the Cubans and all the ignorant people that call in. Uh, basically not really having an understanding of what's going on. Well, what is going on? What was the last time? Well, I, I, I don't really want to embarking in basically making a statement about that. And that's a very broad statement. I'm going to say that, uh, demonstrations and basically civil disobedience has been a way in this country for people, uh, from the blacks, homosexuals and every other group that you can possibly imagine, um, take it out on the street and basically. Yeah, but, but I think there's a very big difference in other words when people are deprived when they're denied their own rights when they're oppressed. Then they go out into the streets if that's the last resort and they protest and they demonstrate they do whatever they want. So our protesting in the streets, they haven't been denied any rights. In fact, quite the contrary, they've been welcomed here with open arms and been treated well. Don't you think that the issue here is not. Okay, so I'm going to get blamed for that again. Now, let me see if he's still there. Nice to meet you guys. And well, I'll akin to his asking to call back. That wasn't me. That's this crack don't system again. Is he back? Hello, I'm, hello. Yes. I'm sorry about that. That's his phone. No, no, it's quite a right. The issue is not whether this young man gets sent back or whether it's father and son-in-five situation. But basically, whether this young man gets his day in court. And I think that's what all the protests and all the, yeah, I have a, let me ask you this. Okay, because the INS made a ruling and then I understand that wasn't satisfactory and the nay they went beyond that in January. No, I extended the deadline indefinitely. And I said, okay, he does deserve his day in court. And I can understand he can make an argument for again. But what I'm concerned about is the attitude that unless he's in the court, unless the people who are protesting now in Spencer, I can use other Ojo on provocateurs, unless they get their way, then we're going to have all kinds of crack going on here. And there's no excuse for that. Okay, I want to, because even though he's a muscle, so keep saying, well, I can't be responsive. I can't even imagine what's going to happen. I mean, well, what kind of a comment is that? I, I happen to agree to an extent what you're saying. I like to close with this with this statement. And I thank you very much for the time. I like to say that it is not right to basically, basically disturb the life of people in any city. But that's been happening here for a long time and it's not going to take off. But it has to stop. Well, but it's happened before. The Cubans have not invented the wheel here. I mean, let's say it. I mean, they're doing basically the same thing that other groups, the anti-beid-nam people that put out their statements out of the way. They're statements out of the street and they're, are you comparison? Are you comparing the, the plight of the six year old kid in the, which is basically an immigration or custody case? Are you comparing that with 50,000 kids being brought back and body bags from Vietnam? I like to say that freedom should basically cover all. And that's, well, who's free to, are we talking about? We're talking about the young man's freedom. Because you think he has at least a right to take his argument to court. And that's what I want to mean. What do you mean he's going to take his argument? I mean, that's a damn burdens saying issuing a subpoena for the testify. He's a six year old boy. You know, and now the longer he stays with this new, a family, these people he doesn't even know, the more they're brainwashing him. And so who knows what he's going to say on a given day at any moment. He can say, yes, no, I don't know. He's so confused. He doesn't know what side is up. So how can he take a case? He doesn't know what case he's got. The fact is that the immigration recognizes the father as having the, being able to speak for the boy. And the father says he wants him back. I don't believe it's a domestic issue. And I think that should be solved. Well, I don't believe it. So a custody case is not a domestic issue. It is a custody issue. So you just said it wasn't. No, no, no. I said I don't think that it's a custody issue in the sense of the father. I think that if it's, eventually settled in the courts. And well, of course, it's going to be settled. The judge will be going to know whatever he's doing. One way or the other, I think it will. And I think it's very cool about accepting whatever the situation is. And not ride or for test because I don't think it's that point. Anybody has any right to. But I think that they do have a right in saying there are, for basically speaking their piece with regards to the young man not getting his day in court. And basically, I agree. But not to keep threatening us with civil disobedience and blocking the court. And what I'm doing those things. I mean, when you think back months ago, what happened with a Coast Guard, it was just a miracle that nobody died because an ambulance couldn't get through, or because of some other emergency vehicle couldn't get through it in the car. It caused way. You can't keep in dangering people's lives by doing these things. Every time you don't get your own way. I can't agree with you more. And I also will say that I have not spent that in this. Although sometimes I've been emotionally close to it. But I haven't done so. But the issue is, and I can't, we haven't to agree that the young man should get his day in court. And I think if he does get his day in court, I don't think there should be too much set one way or the other after that. Hey, Sir Ross, Sir Ron, and let's go on with life. You have a good day, sir. You two, thanks. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line 1256 at QAM. This is 560, UAL. Only one South Florida radio station has a... Hey, sir. You're listening to it. And go for it. We've been to 2, sports radio 560, QAM. So here's QAM, not having any food, but a day. Oh boy, it's the 1 to 2 hour. Oh my God. Oh, sir. Oh, sir. It's just the hot. Back into good old days, before the old part came and politicians say Jose. This town was once alive. Yes, yes. He even had free grade. There were things to do all night. Oh, God. It's Howard and his day. What's the old part walking dead? At the power where he's going to the left. Oh, we're looking for the old. Oh, who just got all the boat? I hurt him, Rod. You're right. This is the day that brought him out of the dark. Everyone who thought his day defense are the one who brought his boat with thankfulness. Do my at least. Can you believe there was a sound? Oh, I think I could be knows and how it's built. Try to organize the drum. But the experiment had failed. Oh, with the brain that came down and tore the thoughts up down. Oh, they pissed the Lord of the plate. Oh, it's the big guy going straight. I hurt the old Rod. You're right. This is the day that's fire on me now. And dying on the floor. What a great place to come in. But the shelter we have over home is with us. The sea, the other deal of rod. There's a ride. What a power to come in the night. I got a car to pay my life. When did after one or five, 60 QAM? Till we live, we're eating on the air. On a nice salad, nice Greek salad from our good friend Tony over at a bride of Tony's. On the 93rd and Northwest Second Avenue, I was going to have Brad excellent Greek salad. Or there's a lot of you guys. Back down because right up your alley. Where are we going to Lake Worth, huh? I deal. Yes, sir. When I look at this situation, I think about international law. The Cuban government has a taste against our country for kidnapping. Father wants to childback. That's not good enough to grandma. So what is in jazan is whether he is actually a citizen of United States. There are four of these are citizen. We retroactive from the time he came here. And then the custody would probably go to the nearest can here. Yeah. Is that, is that, is that how you see it? I don't know. I'm not an immigration expert. I have no idea what the law would say on that. But why, why should he be a citizen? I don't know. It's, it's again. The only person who is legally qualified to speak for him is his father. His father is adamant that he does not want him to be made a citizen. Because obviously just like you said, then it would give them legal recourse to keep him here. Do you? Is a citizen our lowest chance to see the international law of the. But how do you do that? What, what's the purpose of doing that? What's the law? Do you sit in or not? If he can be a fortitude citizenship. If you retroactive. I'm asking you a question. Why should he be a citizen? Because his mother wanted to be free. How do you know that? She broke. I don't know that. I mean, I'm just throwing that out. But not, not based on what the data I'm so story I saw last week. And I said, the chief that, that her boyfriend or fiance that came here and went back and got them. And didn't want to bring him into first place that he talked to. And then second thought they brought him here. That's a very nice, outing story. Just like all the other stories that are coming out of this one camp. There's just as much propaganda on both sides. If he's afforded citizenship, he's in. There it goes. Okay, just keep repeating the same thing over and over again. Just keep repeating it over and over and over again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T line. I mean, that was, that was a brilliant call on it. Yeah, that was good. You know what I'm hearing? I'm hearing if he's granted citizenship, but he's in. That's what I just heard. So let me ask you. Yeah, that's what I hear. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, hi. How are you doing, man? Good. I'm a 20 year old, two American. And I just would like to offer my opinion on the whole subject. Okay. To start off, I'd like to say that I enjoy your show. And I don't take most of the things that you say serious because I know it's going to entertain you. Show. Yes. I know you're an intelligent and culture person. So I understand. Absolutely. You know what's going on. And you totally understand the situation from your standpoint. I know you don't know all the intricacies as far as, you know, the Cuban and the Cuban exile policies and all this. One thing I like to say, I am ashamed as a Cuban American of the things that took place a couple of weeks ago when they, you know, they did the roadblocks and all those things. Those are things that should not happen. Rating the airports low down, yeah. Most definitely under the situation. Now, I think I'd like to say just for your collars and to, you know, just to enlighten people that might not know about certain things that go on in Cuba. I think the whole situation here is being misinterpreted. What's going on here is, do you have a six year old kid that his mother risked her and his own life is living in, in, in liberty in this country. Just like my parents had 40 years ago. Why? Well, because in Cuba, we all know about all of the things and atrocities that go on. Maybe some don't know them as well as others in particular, Cuban and Cuban Americans who lived what some have lived, you know, throughout the years of the cash reading has been in power. Now, that said the mother's life, you know, cannot be taken in vain, where you're just going to take a biscuit and then send them back to Cuba. Now, I know that the father is in Cuba. I know that his family is in Cuba, and I know what he has here are, you know, far relative as far as, you know, is, you know, is, you know, what you want to do is you want to debate what he should stay or whether he should go back. I'm not interested in debating that. I don't really care what I'm aware of the other. You can make, I said this weeks ago, you can make a great case on either side. I don't care about this. What I do care is that we finally get a rapid resolution to it. Have an emergency hearing, get it over where then that everybody agreed to abide by it. And then that we go on with life. This isn't the most important thing that ever happened in South Florida. All right, great. But, you know, you have some colors like this one guy, you know, he calls and says, well, the fathers are loving father and waiting for him in Cuba. First of all, if you're going to have an opinion on this subject, have an opinion where you that you know what you're talking about. First of all, guy, doesn't even know whether the kid has seen his father in the last five years. Sure he has a couple of pictures. He has a lot of people. He has a lot of people. They have a lot of people. But they have a lot of people. His last birthday with a father and a family over there. And that couldn't be on what a meeting new. I mean, you don't know what kind of relationship he had. He had father had custody of him four days a week and the mother three days a week. Okay. That's fine, Danny. Now he cares my point. But you see you're starting to sound paranoid now. You're starting to, it's again, this fiddell thing is common is to think everything that came from there is propaganda. I'm trying to tell you, sir, that right now it's pretty much 50 50. There's just as many lives in propaganda coming out of the so-called American family of his here as there is from over there. And embarrassing. I understand. Can I ask you a question if you have a son or daughter? I don't know about you. But if I have a son or daughter who is under the same predicament and he ends up in India, Japan, China, Cuba, come get whatever country it may be. Yeah. I personally will get into a plane. Go get my son wherever he is. You ever it is that I need to see. And in you and let me start to take a line. Let me ask you two different things. Yes. Number one, you think that cashier is going to let him come here. That's number one. And number two, do you think that that man has any reasonable expectation that if he did come here, he would ever go home alive? You think it lives in danger. Absolutely. Absolutely. From his, from his sterical exiles here. How come there's Cuba and travel tools from Cuba and nothing ever happens to him? Whatever you ever heard of anybody has been adopted and now to go back to Cuba. And that's my right place. That's right. That's right. Sir, that's not what we're talking about. We're talking about a very emotional historical case. It's emotional and historical because people don't see the things that are going on behind the scenes. They don't see that the parents, the grandparents and the father are not acting in their own right. They're doing what they're being orchestrated from the Cuban government. Yeah. It's the grandmother's object and you don't know anything that all this crap that went on yesterday was all choreographed and executed for the cameras and for the media that went on inside the house. Well, the ones that said they were going to come to my annual where the grandmothers had been came. So they orchestrated their own thing. And why didn't the American family, why didn't this great uncle or Lazarus, why didn't they agreed to meet at a neutral side? What would be wrong with them? I don't know if you saw it. And you want to answer the day gave was, oh, well, they wanted the grandmothers to see how comfortable he wasn't. They wanted to put on a show, don't you understand? They wanted to put on a great show, show the souvenirs from Disney World and all the Southern Bullcraft. That's why they didn't have the intention of meeting any time from my heart. They got in their car one their way to their neutral side. And did they wait and took off? And did they have him with him? Did they have any of them with him? Yeah. So all of the purpose. So all of the purpose. Let me ask you something. If you think they're so grateful and they're such loving grandparents. Sir, I haven't got any idea. And you want to keep arguing the same thing. And I told you, I'm not going to argue that with you. I couldn't care. Less of these days, or goes back, or goes back and stays a Disney World. And get to job as Mickey Mouse. I don't care. But I want this to be over with already. I want the goddamn people in this community to stop having to live under a threat of bullcraft. It's not really a thing wrong. Sir, it is a threat. It is a threat. We keep hearing it every goddamn day. The soul to get down there and his other hands. I keep telling us, oh, I can't predict what the things will happen here if we don't get our way. I think those people are just being emotional. I don't think that they speak. They're not being emotional. Sir, they're being irresponsible. And we already lived through what we should go. We already lived through one episode of it. And we were right on the precipice of having some real ugly nasty things happen. Until finally they had the first court hearing that came up. Which turned out to be really shady. So you only want to see it through one side, sir. We don't want to see about the corrupt judges and about the judges with the conflict of interest in all the other Schmering of Handzick goes on. This is a pissing contest that has nothing to do with his little boy. Or anybody's like to freedom. It's a pissing contest. Us against Fidel. That's all it is. And please don't try to confuse me with a cloud of emotional bullshit because I'm not buying it. That's not what this is about. It's about who's going to get the brownie points when this is all over. And who's going to pay the acyciatric bills for this kid I'd like to know? But don't. Oh, yeah, sure. Maybe the Pope, National Council of Churches. Maybe the Pope might come in and buy the book. The National Council of Churches is doing hanging out with the Pope. Nine minutes after one is five sixty W. Oh, that's right. He's got the good stuff. The Panthers host the Red Vite New Jersey Temple. The number of division leaders tomorrow night. Join the new boys to the Panthers. Check out the score and the redding alert for the action. And there's freebies. Starts at seven. Here on Sports Radio 5. Sixteen Q. A. Yes. New. Yeah. This ball on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of his own. It's Father Tourette's Mystery. Yeah, I believe it. They're gathered here today. They're joined together. This two-time second minute of the stock of mother. Inhorin, that's for mom. Father Tourette's Mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago, Hopeless and NYPD Blue Ball. Come on, boy. You're all the whole thing. You're a little hood by the moment. You're a fostered here. Sunday, this ball. Spending hour with Father Tourette. Right after an all-new season of. Touched down there by an angel. Only on PBS. A working police officer has been accused of robbing Guatemalan immigrants while working in the midnight shift at the city's north end in West Palm Beach. Officer Daniel Cook, 25, was in West Palm Beach. And Palm Beach County, jail on Monday. Charge was robbery by sudden snatching with the firearm and criminal action under the color of the law. What color that be? How dark is that? He was denied bail pending in court appearance today. He's been removed from the police force official said. Police began investigating Cook Tourette's ago after several Guatemalan residents complained that he stopped them in the early morning hours and stole their money. According to Officer Deena Peterson, police spokeswoman person. Although Cook was fired, police instead of turning officers are continuing their investigation. Charges against other officers are expected. Police said their efforts to build trust with the Guatemalan community has paid off. How do you like that? Don't be messing with those Guatemalans up there in Palm Beach County. How do you know they're workwater molecules? You know they're doing it. Now they disrupt traffic and block the airport and stuff. No, they're just small ones. Oh, then let's bring them down. Come on. Let's get some Guatemalans down here. What do you say? 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. I don't see any Puerto Ricans running around the streets. We want to be 50 per state. I don't know. Why? It's not lately. Not down here. Well, just wait till they beat up another drug dealer. And by the way, if you start waving at American flag, they know how to cut a real quick with on those. Here's deer fields. Hello. Do you feel? Neil. Yes, sir. What's the international poll taking on this weather descent trial back? Yes, sir. 90 percent. But we don't make a law based on national polls. But it is through the 90 percent of the respondents that he should go back with his father. Yes. Exactly. And why in the world is our Congress then? Is this is a government of the people for the people? Why the people? Yes. But yet our Congress is. Because they have to show our anti-communist to the arrow. Do you understand? That's the right wing F and way. Why any of the Democrats are doing it? I haven't got any idea. The United Arab Institute. Right. You know, if this was to go through the Congress, it would be the most absurd thing that ever had. That is correct. That is correct. That's absolutely correct. Just think of all the wonderful and decent people who have come here and have been turned away. Just like the people on the ship saying, Louis back in WWE 2. Right. Think of all the good people that have been turned away who couldn't get in here. And now we're going to all of a sudden they can be caught to let over one little boy. Well, I think our Congress should listen to the people. So, I'll pay Neil. Thank you. And like I said, it will be different if we were doing something wonderful to kid to try to give him freedom. And we care about him. Nobody cares about him. He's locked in the middle of all of us in a sea of swirl. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And just like Castro and his husband and the National Council of Churches, people are controlling the grandma's, same thing as going on here with basulto and Sanchez Nellies and not the Rick, but the Roul. Controlling and manipulating the family and orchestrating and planning and and and and and as around the Goodyearers, of course, who runs around and you're too much in like I said, he's got a lot of appointments with judges, I guess. Here's four miles, hello. Hey, hey, hey, doing that. Okay, sir. You know, no one's mentioned this or maybe I'm hadn't cut the whole program, but a little while ago you were talking about these rabble browsers and all these morons out there. You know, we're just all boiled down to fundraising. If you think about it, if we're supposed to rescue you know, you get a lot of people, you know, just by the symbol of the, it's like, well, you're hot, right, I hope, brothers to the rest of you give us this money to go to the dentist. No, no, no, no, I don't think they have a dental plan, but they're going to have a lot of things. What this bull down to and this is something to confederates flag and everything. And again, I'm against that confederate flag and what it is, it's a cost to let like you're saying to run around this central point. Hey, if you go ahead and donate to us, you know, we can go ahead and continue to fight and continue this and continue that, you know, and it's all ballooning all book, it just comes down to funds. You know, that's all it is. It's the same thing. Like a just ejection. Yeah, with a goddamn politics, well, well, the politics of being having a state, you know, we're in Congress, you know, all the boys, that's money, money, money, money, money, money, money, so we can keep our little jobs and keep all, you know, cars and trouble for everybody. That's what it boils down to and you know, what, you know, does this kid is going to want to get in hurt like you're saying? You know, but it's just like some symbol. It's like, you know, waving a, a really on flag around and stuff. You know, it's all rambling around this and, you know, we're back in checkbook and all this kind of crowd. Well, from the sunday, I'm going to go live in the pre-world and see what it's like. Okay, have a great day, pal. Okay, eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five is that toll free number on the other town line. How do a few calls from four miles today? Actually, we're rational. We're thinking to be a little bit more objective because they're not in the middle of it. And people are driving around and going, like that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Any line doing great. I got to tell you how much I've enjoyed your criticism of the media. It is, it is so warm. Four, six, seven and ten. All to go to hell again. I think it's like a minus pack of lemming. You know, we could just get channeled seven, did jump off the cliff. The rest of them would follow. Right. That's right. Whoever gets there first right away. The rest of them. Oh, my god. They got it out. We got to do it to it. And then that's an endurance contest to see who will stick it out the longest so to speak. Back. I want to win. You know, when exactly did the ideals of the professional journalism die? I mean, it's long time ago long ago. Long time ago. Once we started with this tabloid journalism, which of course, channel seven helped to pioneer. Once we started with that, if it bleed, the lead's crap. All the respectable journalism went down the toilet. Here's a perfect example. I have to write my neighborhood. Some of who will have to hold a magic marker. I went to the house on the end of my block and wrote an anti-Semitic floor. Which is not a nice thing to do. Yeah. But I come home. There are four remote trucks blocking the way home. And a helicopter flying overhead. The guy with a magic marker. Now, once he saw all that excitement and publicity, what do you think of him in the next time? Came back with a can of paint. Right. Now it's been four times. Now it's probably eight cruisers down there. Absolutely. It's crazy. Wait, wait till he flies the banner overhead. Have a great day, pal. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, these people in the media, like I've told you before, the most sinister part of this whole thing is they keep, they, they decide. They sit in their little rooms behind closed doors. And they decide what's big news. What we ought to be excited about. And then they run with it. And they just beat it to death and brow-be to with you and pound you over. And even if you couldn't give a crap in a first place, it's like you beat you to start drowning in it. You're in a day to dinner. I am positive. If sure as I'm sitting in this goddamn chair, the 95% of the people in this country in this town, don't give a crap about this stuff. They just wanted to go away, get it over with. And they can live. I'm sure they have an opinion. One way or the other should be stationary. Go back. Just get it over with. Let's live life and stop what is crap already. That's not embarrassing. I was here's the focus of the whole world on us again. And I don't care what that one guy said. I hate to break the news to you, sir. You're in denial. Because the Cuban community of South Florida, even though they say the Cuban ex-al community, most people around the world don't even know what that word ex-al means. Because they shouldn't be using that term anyway. Ex-al community. 40 years later, it's stupid. It means the old banana boat people with the bad teeth is what it really means. But most people don't understand that. So when they see those pictures, they see all the goings on. They think, oh, it's those crazy Cuban, did Miami against. That's all they think. Believe me when I tell you. And if you say, I don't care, well, then be prepared. Then don't complain about the fact that there's so much hatred and victory and resentment. Which there shouldn't be. But, you know, when you're led a very small handful of misfits, represent you and the rest of your sitting bag, we'll be the play in with each other. Whatever you're doing, don't play me. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Anyhow, are you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I have a couple of points first of all. When you talk about this crazy Cuban's holding his hostage, you're totally right. And the thing we have to do is we have to go out there and start voting for politicians, not among sanctions for politicians that are going to do the right thing for Miami, not for Cuba. You know, what are we going to find those people? Well, if we stop voting for the guy because the name is Hernandez, and his daddy was a Cuban lawyer, then we might do something. How do you do it by the way, Bertrand, is anybody seen him like this? No, no, what are how he drives to it, what would that lawyer? So, there's that first point, because, and this politicians, like, what are they thinking? They're supposed to be working for Miami to make us be a better city. We just lost $20 million in revenue by losing the land-American award to Los Angeles, because of a bunch of crazy Cuban. Right. I mean, why are they doing for a city being made? Well, in which way, which was another black market in this, and with the guy from the Grammys, they headed a committee, who he was the one that referred to this as being a community held hostage by a bunch of loonies. But I mean, me as a Hispanic, I'm sitting here looking at this city, which as one of your sonset has potential, beautiful city by the sea, good land, good smart people. There's a good amount of smart people that live down here, now they're mostly moving to Broward. But now we've been hearing lots of like this, Cuba's in the Cuban stone care. This Cuban politicians, they don't give up who's asked. They just want to be voted back in. So they follow any criteria this people have. What we have to start doing is when this organization says, like, the Cuban-American Foundation or whatever, promote this violent behavior and stuff, you know what? The city has to suit them for, like, the loos of the incurred, and they have to start putting people behind Joe on criminal charges. No leaders of this, like, rather than the rest, you're whatever. Until that starts happening, this people just run the city. Right. Thanks, Leo. Okay. Five, six, seven, as well. So of course, he's a non-tubed Hispanic, but I didn't ask him where he's from. He doesn't make any difference. Maybe he's from Guatemala. Yeah. Yeah. We need a lot more Guatemalan, sir. I'll tell you. I don't read any stories about Guatemalan stirring up any crap anywhere. Did just, you know, they're just very nice people. I want to be left out alone. Do you know any Guatemalan? I have. In. In. My students. Oh, I'm in there. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm a Cuban in Miami. Yes, sir. Who is fortunately not caught up in all this mass hysteria? In other words, you have a life. You have a certain of life. Yes, certainly of life. This early on thing is the best get rich quick scheme since the internet, a sort of gun. The exploitation of a driver. I had a piece of the movie, right? Don't you? Oh, yeah, yeah. No, everybody cares. Oh, I care about this kid. The only one that is mom dying vein. The lady had no business bringing him in the first place. A six year old child braving the waters and this and that. I want this thing to be over with soon. And let me tell you something. I'm with you. If I got some rotten tools by a saddle, you're not my fellow coach even if you're blocking the way, if you're blocking the way, I'm going to plow over you. Nice God, pal. All right, Nick. I'll take it to you. I'll pray for us. Okay. There you go. There's our kind of guy. Good young Cuban guy. Not like those good young Cuban guys. That's what I've always said. I've never been predaduced. I don't ask African characters. Did you think they look good to me? 560, 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town light. It's still free. 877. I'm the one. The one person in the world that says, get rid of all the labels. Oh, yeah. Right. No. We've got to talk about our heritage. Why? What does this make? What happened in the past? You give me one reason why makes it different. What your heritage is. Why do you? I don't. What you do? I do. That's kind of the dude with my heritage. That's part of my accumulated knowledge of my life. That's why I did my life. That's why I did my grandfather, my great uncle and my son, old, obbicco and then Herzgavino and Moscow. I don't care about that. Who gives a crap about that? Mitsca, very. What ever it was? What he laughed about that's where my grandmother was from. Anna Solomon, whose name was you to leverage? I don't know what. Her name was you to leverage. When it came here, they didn't want to be so obviously Jewish. So they changed the name to Solomon. Oh, sorry. I told you that before. They didn't want to be conspicuous. It wasn't fashionable in those days to be so obviously Jewish with name like You to leverage. So they changed their name too. Oh, Solomon. Fulled everybody. Yeah, exactly. I think maybe they were thinking about Smith, but Solomon had a better ring with. And I'm thinking to myself, we need no. What was going to start no more Jews and no more Cubans and politicians in South Florida. We've had bad luck with both. Bad luck. So Girsten, Larry Smith, Barry Schreiber, a lot of bad Jewish politicians. And Cuban politicians, I don't mean I don't have enough time left in the show. How about some good wasps, you know? Some good like wasps. I don't know. No, nothing. I don't know. How about the it's a okay. Nothing. Yeah, it's kind of delstrate in this guy. We won't have any crap out in the streets of the attendants. Get control of his down. I hate the Irish. Right, good point. 26 after one at five, 60 WQ. Jim, managed to stop. We can't. Right here. I'm fortunate you're my 60 Q. Hey, sales people are high souls. Hello, my digital turn. I'm going down. I'm Rosanna, I'm late, and I'm a theater to stay. They don't really have my his son. Sounding name. I'll be in office for life and oh, it's all too true. The foolishness that you inside. That's true. You're a fava tiny little island. That's a 20-peat wide. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're so unobcated by your wife. Outside the day, can't be mine. I'm still been a conbiwine in the city. And for me to be as bad as. For a more than community planet. For the media camera. A special leader, Calamera. And I'm like, please, like on your schedule. What are you meaning with cause? I'm gonna have orders, media viewers. I'm gonna have orders, media viewers. 130 and 560 WQ and happy Tuesday too. We're just a little long. Singin' our song. Waitin' for the smoke to clear. Waitin' for the bull. Smith to clear so we can go on with our lives. Big game tomorrow night. New Jersey hit me here tomorrow night. 730 to Red Hot Devils. We need to leave in the points. And your smoke and pant is anybody care? No. Better start care, man. I'm gonna go nuts. I'm gonna talk about that again. Yes, I am. Bastards. Yeah, but we like vanilla ice cream. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, good afternoon. Yes, sir. I just want to let your friend know the one about three or four of the facts that you have said that he's got blinders on or whatever. Last night when that doctor Edgar something or other, the new General Secretary would try to speak and people were talking over him at the airport. There was this one. And you can hear it distinctly. You can get the film. You can hear it. Yeah. There's one woman Hispanic reporter kept on heckling. When he made the comment about anybody here knows about child psychology. What is happening to this boy is devastating. She turns around to show you how dumb she is. She yells out. What he looks good. And somebody else yelled out. So never judge a book by its cover. Yeah. So this man. What is that mean? He looks good. So that tells you what they're not. He's getting all screwed up inside. Yeah, that doesn't mean it could mean anything. He's had doesn't mean anything. In addition to which the only times we ever see him are when it's orchestrated when he's outside playing with at the friend of his or his little puppy. That's the only time we ever see him. What about the other 99 and 90% of his life? The kid is already screwed up. Right. Everybody knows that's why. In addition to which what to see this is the problem here. You've got all these Hispanic people in the media who are totally had no Objectivity at all. And instead of covering this like a media event, they're trying to influence it. They're participants. They're not observers. I thought reporters are supposed to be objective. Well, they're not. What they wait. The other thing I want to bring up. You were bringing up a Indiana Road giant of Dan or whatever name is. Yeah. The whole thing was supposed to a lot of the people in this community that vote for her every two years. She was supposed to retire this year. She signed with the Gingrich and everybody, the contract on America or with America. Right. The contract on America, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. You look at Matthew. He's not there anymore. We don't have to retire the contract. No. We're not going to retire. Let's do a forum. Sounds good to me. Have a great day. Okay. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T Wireless Line. The out of town line is 877, 775, 6345, 8777, 85 any I. Got it. You got it? No. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You are a voice in the wilderness. That's me. I have had my own good. I have had my flag up out in the yard since this whole mess started. I cannot believe a major cosmopolitan city is controlled by 100 power hungry, no-balls, exiles that came here from Cuba and can't overthrow Castro because you cannot have a revolution if you're not in the country. Yeah. I'm tired of it. I'll just have you here along business. God, she's Neil. God. I turned on the news today. I'm watching 4, 6, 7, 10, 6, 7, 10 should all rot in hell. Let's say it again. You turned on 23 and 51 and they got on those. No, they do. Oh, they do? Yes. They have that not alive. Like I said, that's why I'm not lumping them in. Maybe they have a little comment. I'm imagining that. Actually, I've watched, I saw Rick Sanchez talk to Bassupo, the guy from the, whatever they did. You know the way to San Jose. And I sent him an email and asked him, how could he do the rest of his nose? The news with his nose so far up this guy's, you know where? Yeah. Right, Bill. Okay. Thank you. What do you say about, no, in the, uh, back to him. He might have some son of a five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. We got eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. This is the show that takes the BS out of IBS. Make them a stick. And I'm feeling pretty good again today. Nice to a Greek salad there. Oh, boy. And that's right away. Stay away from that Greek stuff as much as I can. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Oh, I do like buckle up on. Kendall's gone. 14 minutes and 50 seconds. They probably got kidnapped. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, you know, I avoid watching the news to avoid all this failure in crap. And uh, you can't avoid it. It's like, uh, it's like the air. It's like walking about trying to avoid the air. It's the thing interrupt the regularly scheduled program. And I mean, you keep, there's no way around. I can't believe I haven't had any guiding light people calling in today. Whereas the pissed off is I am that the show keeps getting preempted. And every time there's a good storyline coming to a climax. So to speak, all of a sudden, but I mean, but I'm going to be a little more interrupting again for the eight minutes. And there's nothing going on. You know, let's think drop a bomb on everybody outside that house. I don't want to get done. Yeah. How about if the data shows up with some good teeth? Yeah, whatever. Well, hope he drowns the girls back or something. Okay, have a great day. Nice. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lines. Yeah, let's get somebody with a portable drill with a, uh, what does they must have? Those better we operated drill. Outside the house there. Let's take up a collection and maybe you can get the gold fillings from those old teeth. Send me the Swiss banks. 560, 70560, pound 560. No counting on what a full there's in Switzerland. Okay, there's a reason they got money. Is there still some all that gold from the Jews teeth from the WDW2? That's the reason they got the big bucks. You're not kidding me. Am I right? Oh, hey. Right. There's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Boy, first off, most importantly, it was a pop of John's piece. I don't know if anybody. Pop of John's piece, isn't it? It was pilot's last night. Oh my god. It was a pop of John's piece. Really with a few extra peppered Chinese and extra garlic songs. Yeah, we should have arranged them. Jeff Cohen sent the food over there. They had to get my resume as revenge. You know, one thing, one thing that really hurts me about this is, you look through the sterile herald and they've got all kinds of poop on this thing. And, and no, and nowhere does it really say what killed this whole meeting thing and why he doesn't say who killed the top of the hat. You're right. Yes. The two things that we got going here are the so-called exiles who had to put him up. Oh, I got to put him up. Hey, 10 up. You've got to pull it in here just back to me. It says, Channel 7 just interrupted Judge Judy. She said details are sketchy, but they have an unconfirmed report that Ali on just a crash. Again, these are unconfirmed, but they're sending clues out and there will be more. So, you're going to have to be more rapid-fied. I'm seven. These these protesters, these people have come out in great numbers to be seen and to offer all their, you know, accolades and everything and support. That's not why they're out there. They're out there to make sure that the meeting doesn't happen. And, and reality is if, if, if, like the camp David, a course occurred in this kind of a circus. I would have much a circle old juice motha-head and a pallet and a pallet and a pallet and a pallet. No way. That's right. It's a complete encodeled. On the fact that they didn't disperse when his Sanchez got up there with his megaphone and said this person go home and by the beat by the, but it was, let's not give them an excuse. They didn't go home and we're still going to get it. And while I was later. It's not like you can cut the head off the animal and it dies. It's not the way it is with these people. Every single one of them got, got their own little, uh, acts to grind. When you look at the one and a lot of the bagmanders, they'll control it anymore. And then it'll, and it'll ask them at least the media. If there wasn't so much God damn attention paid to this and it weren't so many God damn cameras and everybody trying to make sure they got the scoop on it when it starts to unfold. We wouldn't have all these people showing. Thank God for that. Sitting on their cell phones, waiting at themselves on TV and, and we wouldn't be going through this schmet anymore. It would be done. It would be over. Yeah. The bottom line is we've got a lane government locally. Nationally, this is just a goddamn lane place. Yeah. And there's nothing. And there's nothing we can do about that. I'd like something somebody else has been saying for 20 years. Have a great day, pal. Good luck to you. Get that passport. Squeeze a tight. Or you're not allowed to squeeze a tight. Not here. Twenty two before two. Not allowed to squeeze it at all in John Florida. No. Then Marina, where's the God? Oh. I got all this goddamn money. And I live in a free house. I know my lips look kind of funny. Like the ones on Caesar Romero's mouth. But I never want a super bowl. Those who die today are Chudai Gold. I have an intimate affection. Or my demicat blasts the way. Anything I want, I can afford it. But I want my lips to stay distorted. Should I satisfy my ego? Let's call a quiz and go. I just might move back to Pittsburgh. But only if it changed the name to Lipsburg. Not those guys in Sports Talk radio. Ones with the fecal ring around their nose. Saying everybody wants to know. We like to say, oh, we like gold. I'm dying all right here. 17 until 2 at 5.60 WQAM. Poor Danny. Poor Danny. Poor Aliah. How about we send Danny over there to kill the health free the country? We're at the wicked arm of his. And then let Aliens stay here and play quarterback. We need a good young Cuban quarterback. And let it. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hey, how are you, Ian? Pretty good. Listen, I'm from Chicago. Actually, I'm just down here on business. I'm so sorry. I apologize. I hope you don't have to be here too long, sir. And this is amazing to make. Yeah. Because I thought this was sports radio. No, not between 10 and 2. We try to avoid that. We don't want to make people too chronic with that crap. That's kind of in and out. And then I hear what's going on. I mean, I can't believe it. First of all, the kids going home. There's nothing to talk about. You know what's going to happen? Let's get it over with. Yeah. I'll let it. I say by four o'clock this afternoon, let's get it over with. I was blown away and television the other day when a grand mother came. That I was watching something. It came off. I switched the channel. It's on there. It's on another channel. Yeah. I was going to be on the right. No matter what I've got, I would go to public court. But it's there. You know, I wasn't thinking south Florida. I was thinking this is national news. I'm going to be breaking into all these stations. Then it hit me. This is only going to be down the south Florida. Even if you go to the restroom at the airport, you'll sit there. You'll see graffiti on the restroom walls. Viva alienated. So right there. And you just can't get away from it. Yeah. It's just crazy. I just thought I'd call in to have been driving around and I said, you had to out of state perspective on this. Okay. I can't remember any of it. This is why two K blown out of proportion. I didn't get out of here real quick. Good luck, pal. Okay. There we go. See, sir. Mr. Cago, man. And he's getting out of here. He's going to the pale post of Porto office right now. I'm getting the hell back. People from the rest of the world, they think we're crazy here. We're thinking, we're moving like that. I get never stops here. And you know what? They're right. 5, 6, 7, over. But what about that defensive line? Oh, I'm going to tell you that morning show. Man. Oh, don't get me started. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, 6, 3, 4, 5. Why do you think they call it the worst team? Oh! Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. God. Speaking. This is, um, I haven't ate your old boy. He's fairly intelligent. He listens to you show when ever's possible. Yes, sir. I'm sitting there. He's sitting at the table last night. He's coloring in his book. I'm listening to the news. Truth. All of a sudden I hear out of his mouth. I hear him in Cuba. I hear him in Cuba. I'm so sorry. Shit. It's a crowd. I see who my God. Now my kid's not even involved on this. Can you imagine? Yeah. That's better than you. I'm in Cuba. It's much better than you. I mean, I can't see where you are. It was unbelievable. Can you imagine my kid's not even involved in this thing. Correctly. All he hears is, you can't turn a TV on. I'm surprised the car too. I'm going to have a TV in Cartoonia on TV. This weekend. This Saturday morning. You're playing the road runner. It's out of your comments. I'm just awning. I just got just a nut. Get it. Go back to Cuba. You scoop it. You bathed. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon, 5, 60. By the way, rumors are their accent. It's going to be there with the, they're going to have the, this 7 can. Because 80 on's getting the bath at 430 just before dinner time tonight. And then want to show how proud they are for 6 year old boy who's splendid Manhood. Which I think is a little bit out of line. Go to the thing that's out of line. Get in the little cherry to away. Here's a hi-alia. Hello. What is all this talk of orchestration? What has Catherine suddenly landed Bernstein or something? Yes. Don't you see he's got to his waving his magic wand. Jesus of a time. And explain a couple of other things to me. Why did a Cuban hear fly a flag at a communist country? We ought to stand outside that house in the other. Every time somebody raises a Cuban flag. Come on. Come on. Come on. There's a supporting a communist country. Get a new flag. Do like the Haitians did. Get a new flag. Get a new flag. How about get a life? How's that sound? It sounds good to me. And get some teeth. I think in a package when you get a life they also put a few teeth in there. Just a few. In fact, how about we bring some of those people up to tamaracks sounds real good? Yeah. Then they could find some teeth. They got extras up there. In a glass. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Deal. Yes sir. I say, you know what I really love the most is when you get these people on TV. And they sit there and tell you about how they fear for this child to see if you want to go back. Yeah. You can be the second most important person in the country. That's right. He'll probably be a Castro's assistant. In fact, like I said last week, he'll be more of a danger here and go to the public school system. Where everybody's got a gun. All kinds of kids shoot each other in schools. I'll be a lot safer there. The next time the Pope comes to the Pan American Games comes to be right there. Right there. Next the Castro. Just keep that kid away from the Pope trust me. Oh. Nice deal. Okay. Any guy in a dress just keep your kids away. That's just my advice. I mean, you do what you want. But keep your guys in your kids away from guys in a dress. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. You know? Yes sir. No. Meal. Yes I am. Has anybody ever bothered to look in the Webster's dictionary for the definition of the words Rebellion, Interaction, and a sedition. No, but we'll do it right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Woo. Heavy. Yeah. Duty. Let's try a day in your hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Pretty damn good, pal. Hey, I'm glad all your health tests. Yeah, I'm glad. I'm a few lucky human beings again. But I'm glad I've been down a road that wasn't very pleasant and I'm also in better shape anyway. Correct. Yeah. The sad road that Hershey Highwayman, dangerous. Lot of perils involved. Do any of those people down there work? I see lots of Mercedes and Lexes and an accessory, etc. And they only get to be 85, 90 years old. You're not working anymore. The immediate age there is death plus 10. There are a couple of younger people there. You know, you grand children, great grand children that have been brought along for a little fun media exposure. Well, I understand the one person's manufacture is lobster traps. But I still see him all driving Mercedes and Lexes. I didn't know you made that kind of money building lobster traps. Mm-hmm. Maybe it has to do with that tube and mafia that fiddle keeps talking about. Maybe. And last night on that pool. Yeah. I was really wanting to see O.J. I thought O.J. was part of that. The way that little parade was going down the road there. Just kind of, like, what did you think of a great if they would have put the grandmother's in a whiteboard Bronco? I wonder who could have been driving that thing. Roy. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day, Pa. Yeah. The grandmother's getting off the plane and there's that bitch from the National Council of Churches again with that red dress. There's the goblet of glasses who looks like Joe Gibbs. Is he gay? Joe Gibbs? I don't know. No, the guy from the churches. You ought to know. How to how the wine is? The gate are, the ghost church people fags. Most of them are. He looks just like Joe Gibbs. A little closer to the red skins, who of course is a real real serial book. He'll serial board again. Where you really just see a Yahoo. He looks just like his, uh, two, a hundred, two, and brother. Joe Gibbs Jr. So I don't really know what the guy's name is, but from now on, we'll just be for the him as Joe Gibbs Jr. Is that okay? Okay. 10, 4, 2, 5, 60, WQM. Wake up. What's the first piece? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, what were you talking about? What a great song, but what a bad bad video. So sorry. anyway, where were we going? Let's go to a mobile in Pappano. hello, oh, yes sir, Leo. yes I am. An American with Qlon parents. with Cuban parents in the middle of the 59 and 56 and 57. Yeah. There was atrocities event in back before Castro. Not but these kind of call out in the material. The atrocities in Cuba now. Right. The atrocities back before Castro. And that's when these people, these coops at my area, were all in control down there. Yeah. I'll just make that point. Okay. Thank you. In other words, they never met a fascist. They didn't like his early friends saying, Oh, okay. Fascists, fascists, fascists. There's a lady mobile and poor say loosely, hello. Hi. Just want to let you know, it kills me that they're going to offer alien. There are people pushing to make him a citizen after two months. My husband's from Canada. What's up for this Canadian? Right. And we've been up, been bogged down in the INS system for five years. Five years. I had a fact that it makes a good income. He pays his taxes five years. We're the way to get it. I had a fact from somebody in Texas, the other day, who's been trying to get a relative citizenship for 15, 12 or 15 years, something like that. And it's still waiting online. Yeah. And in the meantime, the sun's been shithaped into him. He can't get any benefits. He can then put any social security. Right. It's just amazing. And the government don't even want to give any money to the NHL. How do you like that? There you go. What's the world up against today? Yeah, we sure are. Have a great day, sweetheart. You too, babe. I'm glad. Nice to meet you. Her husband's Canadian, eh? Wow, I can probably say about some cash. You probably like some other Canadians, I know. I don't want to mention our good friend, remember. Trippy. That's a good word. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What can I say that has an already been said? The excels are sick and need help badly. Excellent. Nice job, sir. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Paul else feels come up with a good line. That was good. I'd first make it a rimmer and be in cheap. I let him off the hook. I forgot this great story. So Saturday night after the game. I get a call. Get home in the phone rings and there's room. Oh, great game. But it'll be possible. So he gets to the, he gets to the taller on 75. You know, where you're going to, I guess if commercial, there's a booth or open. Where would it, I guess, commercial. And he's done. And night, I guess they don't have a toll taker there. It's like an honor system. You got to have the correct change of 50 cent. Oh, damn. And I don't have any change. So Ray Shepherd from the Panthers is also driving off. Half of the be like right behind them or next to them, whatever. And rumor yells over, hey, Ray, you got 50 cents. And I just went, the oldest line in the book, you know, I left my wallet home. I left all my change at home. I'm feeling the change. I don't want to rip off the, you know, get a ticket for going through the booth here. I have no change. Tell me, since. Oh, that was very good. Let me try this again. Tell me, since. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I had you doing. I'm a psychiatrist. I could see an air in Miami. Why don't you have a lot of practice then? Oh, I do. I do a BV. I think you can apologize. Yeah. Nice going to nice try. Oh, we don't have those anymore. Oh, sure we do. We'll make an exception for that one. That's how good it was. Let's do a mobile and lottery sale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. That's a tough call to follow. They decided to publish mid. We come out. I apologize if somebody covers it because I'm in and out of the car. But do you know they're going to make a many series out of this? That's what we heard. That's unreal. Probably a couple of novels a many series major movie. Because there was in today's paper in the front of the movie. Probably more in the beginning will play the adult alien with a rejugated go slong, you know something like that. I'll tell you.