I'm 16 years old, all of these things have been built. His guest consultant is in that message that really represents those of the PC Godcats group. It's that advertisers are agency now. Here's Neil Rogers on 5.6 feet 2.8F. There we go. Hey y'all, my name is Fred from Eugene Thomas. Friends, the position nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know there's lots of people who's on there to think, just I'm going to let them out when I think about it. That is what nothing but a good joy. They'll maybe sing a song to you. I know it will be up. If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court, yeah I got the money. That dude is quick and get out of here. I want to hit y'all straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I'll be Tokyo. Oh right. And I'll Tokyo to the East. And I'll Tokyo to the West. And I'll Tokyo to the East. And I'll Tokyo to the East. And I'll Tokyo to the East. I'll be Tokyo. That's go bad one y'all. That all won at 5.6. He's always a Q.A.M. happy Wednesday, too. But I feel a lot better today. Thanks the Lord. Oh, thank you. And you said it. Man, what difference did day in a couple of pros and make you know, I think it's the pros. He had kind of like a combination once dinner at Emil Coastal Iceman. Thanks a lot, Richard. Great people over there. Open, um, what is that? Open part. Okay. Well, I was going to sunrise, but you know what is definitely not sunrise. Is it sunrise? I guess it's a sunrise. I guess it's a sunrise. Well, whatever it is, by 44th in Pine Island. And anyway, and a few and better, which is good news for me. I mean, not the most people care about it. But I thought I'd mention anyway, just in case somebody might speak to that. Happy birthday Crystal. In fact, to show you how Eric is right on top of things on our website. I think that on there, do you know that? No, I do not. He's got your birthday on the December 6, which is a good thing. Because otherwise, I would have forgotten. And we would have cursed you. No, I'm not good at that on the calendar. No. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. George is birthday. He's got on there. And he says, make the check bigger this year in two colors. Oh, you want to check in two colors. And so happy birthday Crystal. Crystal is 25 today. And will not touch your old thing, even with your hands. Believe me when I tell you. That's just a thought about it. So go, Chris can throw the disgusting. So unclean. I mean, talk about kosher. I got a great idea for the political problems that we're having here. Alternate days. Yeah, Bush can be present every other day in Gork and be present on. And it works out good for a Librum. And because I can hire a holiday, you can have a chainy. I can't think of anybody more grayish than he is. Maybe if you just dare to go to the respond to it. And there's one chain. He's got, I do that hard attack, so you can have a Librum and come in and throw the gap. So go and poke her four or four. And go to the login door, but yeah. Yeah, there you go. And they can read bubble around for like the message affairs. That sounds good, I mean, the whole thing is just so ridiculous. I don't know. Is going to work. The nose. He's going to start doing a major job. Great news, though. I know everybody wants to talk about the election. I'll pull out yesterday. Who should rightfully do the next president based on everything you've seen so far. And the council, the recounts and contractualists. We had an error in 38 votes. Pretty heavy duty considering we allegedly have no audience. Grow 509 69%. See there I go again. I'm back and there comes the 69 up on a goddamn computer again. Like I'd say you're conspiracy. And both 259, 31%. So that proves two things. But we got a lot of, staunch grow people out there who want to stick it out. When it does, stick it out. And also the Bush people are gone and warming up the radio is for a lot of ass. You know, something maybe they are, maybe they are bush people. They don't know on the light ass. Maybe they discovered Dr. Laura too. You think that's a possibility? Yeah, because she's sufficiently right wing for them. Just don't tell me that she's Jewish. Even more Jewish than Jewish movement if that's possible. Super Orthodox. And it just kind of rubbed off because she was never super Orthodox before, but she married Orthodox Jew. And then it rubbed off and that's when she became a bigoted bitch. But that could be where they're all hanging out between. Which is fine with us. Fine with us. One thing about me. Yeah, if the Bush people are too emotional crippled a handle of truth that they are on this program, all I can say is, I'm not going to let the door hit you in the ass on a way. I'm just going to let you go. Anyway, there is one piece of great news. According to the US Supreme Court, and the reason I played the occurrence time is there at the beginning because he was on the three assholes as usual, the dissimping voices on the Supreme Court, random drug roadblocks barred. Yeah, yeah. Rolling limits police searches. Emphasizing strict limits on law enforcement searches and seizures, the US Supreme Court strongly defended a person's right to be left alone. When a rule Tuesday that random roadblocks designed to catch vehicles carrying drugs, and in need Apple has violated the Constitution. And a 6-3 ruling, the court said the roadblocks violated the Fourth Amendment's prohibition against unreasonable searches and seizures because police had no special reason to do them. Instead, the court ruled the roadblocks were part of a general scheme by law enforcement to find evidence of a crime. As in, if allowed, roadblocks for those reasons, the court said, there would be little check on the ability of the authorities to construct roadblocks by most any conceivable law enforcement purpose. Without drawing the line of roadblocks designed primarily to serve the general interests in crime control, the Fourth Amendment would do a little to prevent such incursions from becoming such intruders from becoming a routine part of American law court even said, just as San Rudeo Connor, I'd be like that. The ruling of the Federal Appeals Court, as I mentioned in Chicago, which had sided with a group of murderists to which challenged the roadblocks as unconstitutional seizure, and there's nothing worse than having good-ass sick chaining, nothing worse than having unconstitutional seizure. While the program was in operation, Indianapolis Police stopped more than a thousand cars in Tic- different roadblocks, the stops resulted in 55 arrests for drug possession 49 per license of registration and fractions. They did say, however, that it is okay to stop charges if they try to go vote. Look up in the opinion, let's okay. Speaking of charges, the dissenting voices on the court as usual, she just dispatches William Wengquist, he wrote a dissent that was joined by Antonine Souskulia and Clarence Fickened Token Thomas. What a piece of crap here, you know? Uncle Thomas. So, no, but this story that right there, those people who downplayed the business about the Supreme Court, right there is the only reason that we should be excited about the presidential election still. I'm not confused about it, I'll grow in fact the more I see in the last shot I can affect possible. The more I see in the more wooden need to come, you see where they came bouncing out on the White House long yesterday, that was where I figured we got off the year. Oh, God, he waited. Huh? Cheers, I mean, just he just hasn't got it. You wish he had it, your hope and form, come on, maybe today's video wake up with like a little bit of a personality, where you think, oh no. Come on, oh, how about a week from the donor sick? Oh, no. Cheers, this Christ, just not gonna happen, you don't have it. You got four guys in here, you got the one guy who keeps having a heart attack every other week, you got a guy who's done more than sawdust and just about it is part of the two, I guess. And this keeps going at a hiding waiting for all these people that they shroud him with to do the work for him. And then we got the wooden in the end and you got the professional due there, who's running around telling everybody about we need a lot more God and sort of him so on. And let's benefit everything he doesn't like. And then we need a link link he doesn't mean it, link link. That's what could be in their wake martin bill, here's what much these days. I mean, that's gotta be that, it's gotta be philosophical because it's certainly isn't because the public isn't food about these candidates. I mean, if you tell anybody out there, if you tell me you're in thuis about our voice, you're in the bush, we got some serious hop on a way to your house immediately, if not sooner. Got a great full question today, I'll tell you one thing, even on days when I do a crappy show and there have been a few a couple of those, maybe one. I come up with a best damn pulls. Which of these events was most compelling to you, not see I hate using big word, but compelling. Because probably a lot of people in the audience, I mean if there were two stupid know how to vote and silly, compelling is a word that says, maybe it rhymes with their instelling and smelling. Which of these events was most compelling to you? The OJ trial, alien, or the bush core election. And you know, since I had to cast a vote on who would think pops up at their puts on on wetshud on your wages.com, I at this moment I still am not really sure. I'm kind of torn between. And that's the kind of pull I like is one that's torn between. 844 votes yesterday. And over night, who should rightfully be the next president based on all this, all the chads, and all the fads, and all the arguments and bickering, and the popular vote, the electoral vote, and all this crap, all these things. So, or 584, or 70% or 69%, bleached 260, 31%. And is there refreshing now that the election is over, at least they are casting the ballot part in the last maybe in Palm Beach? But at any rate, that we don't have all these Republicans, these bush workers that come on the end, they do the emails and they go, geez. That really prevented us from doing anything. And that made any sense on a plural. Somebody suggested the vote, put impeachment, the impeachment's on Monica gate on there. Different, that's a good idea. Yeah, it was a big idea. What was happening? Okay, well, give you a fourth choice, Eric. What do we call that? Monica gate. Monica gate. How about penis gate? Now they want all that is. Monica gate. Okay, so you got four choices, which are these is most compelling to you? Scored score, or J trial, alien, the Bush Coral Action, or Monica gate. And of course, you know, like the Republican said, just to take our time with this thing and get it right. Now the election, we got to hurry up because we got to run out to climb. I'm sorry. 10 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM. No question to throw them, no duty to do so, but that would be stress to win commission and double-EV-2-0 and this is why I can throw them quite late. Well, I mean, you didn't have to suck. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Now the whole thing just began to die and the pain goes for a couple more than time. Now, it's just real. I think it's a bad thing. You go fast and have a warning that I'm a fast. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. by the way. She now this is good. I was talking yesterday about the fact that we, you know, I have to pay for it at least the food. And that's just doesn't fit in with our whole image here. But the fact that we get somebody as a generous as Peter Leonard and as much of a suck-up, I mean, a good guy's tutor is to go over there and get it, who insists on paying for it himself, then it's a fit to write in. Nice omelet here, seasoned bacon. You want the tomatoes? I can't eat the tomatoes, sorry about that. Tomatoes bad for what I got, bad for your good. Who? There they go right in the ultimate camp. People are starving and this man is throwing big beautiful slices of fresh red tomato in the ultimate camp. Sorry about that. Somebody will come along and pick it out of there. Put it in the hallway, Josh, feed and leave it. Oh, yeah. Oh, I gotta tell you a great story. Not a great story. It's a bad story. Come back on a plane from Amsterdam or Martin's Care. This is the story of my life. It's like at the hockey games. You know, the people who stand up in front of me. I mean, they have sit down in front of me. I can be sitting there. I look around a whole arena and they're the only one standing up, right in front of me. It's just my luck. It's like when you go to the tour booth, you're on the person in front of you is the only one. It's got a $600 bill. It doesn't have any money. Some sit in their mighty mound, businesswoman in middle aisle and I'm on the right side. And here's the guy who looked like a Dutch Josh Friedman, only bigger and fatter. Didn't smell his bad. Thank God. And it was like a group of businessmen. And he's evidently one of his colleagues there, some old, uh, I'm not just Dutch guy. He's sitting there, uh, across the aisle for me. And there's big fact disgusting Dutchman besides he's going to stand there and talk to him. So he's bending over and I've got ants in the face. Don't you just love that? Yeah. Ants in the face. For like a half an hour at a time. And I'm sitting there and I'm like, uh, moving a little further to the left and I'm like, look at the guy who's, uh, uh, this guy is leading over talking to us. They're oblivious. You want to think about the Dutch? See, let me just make it very clear about the Netherlands. Everybody goes to Amsterdam on my recommendation. It's a great country. It's free. It's liberal. It's progressive. I mean, it's backward and lot of ways, but it's very progressive socially. The people there know a lot of them suck. You follow what I'm saying? It's like down here. I mean, the weather's nice and we got beautiful palm trees. The people most of them suck here, but it's a beautiful place. And the same one over there. There are a lot of good things, but the Dutch are very, uh, into the rude, very, very inconsiderate. Now John calls this thing about like, they have a different concept of personal space. See, to me, this isn't excuse for being rude. It's kind of middle of the concept of personal space. They elbow you on the train, they push right by it. They don't care if they knock you down. Because they think well, he already fell down. You know, a couple of months ago, why not again? So here I had asked him to face and then to make it even better, like later when I decided to study, he wasn't finished with this conversation. He came back and gave me about another 45 minutes of the world back home in the face. Which in spite of all of our shows, George, doing on eating ass, but I'm just not in the ass. I hate to break the news here. I wouldn't have cared who it was. I would have cared if he would have been like 20 years old and look like Brad Pitt. I'm on the best day of his life. I don't want his ass in my face. Under any circumstances, but especially sitting there is a captive is like a prisoner on a plane and a 10 hour plane ride from hell. Exactly. Oh, and I just think about that. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. And I think that's a good idea. Here's a great facts. It says in a mirror image of the Florida situation, the hypocritical republicans request a recount in New Mexico. They claimed that it's highly unusual at 570 people in the, did not vote for president and Roosevelt County. Grow one by four to the east six. How do you like that? These are the same people of the same. Or there's nothing unusual about 10,000,000 votes in the county. And the idea to stay naked up as they go along. And nationwide, the apocalyptic vote, which is still counting at this point. It's three weeks in a day after the election. And there's still counting votes. I'm not talking about the set root counting. I'm talking the first time there's still counting votes. Grow is added by 320,000, 696 nationwide. 3rd of a million. So that's what we stand on. I've got hearings up the ass. We've got that clown judge up there. I kind of like that guy that Yahoo. What's his name? The M-Sanders solves up in Leon County. That's like him. He's a panic. He keeps saying he says, yeah, listen to you guys like it. And pecked to that by a duck. And he's got all kinds of real keep the same. And then of course, and then he also had a great line. He said, uh, what'll satisfy me is if I can make both of you a turning equally unhappy. That'll let us satisfy me. Then I'll know I'm doing a good job. Okay, let's see what's going on here. Look at this. Look at this. This is the guy who's talking to me. Which see, this is because it's kind of an out of sight out of mind thing. They're Alzheimer's kicks in. Which of these events is most compelling to you. The election 13, Ilion 3, OJ2, and the Monika, the PNSK0 so far. And we added that on because somebody else thought it was a good idea. And maybe it was. It was televised. You know the hearings and all. Yeah. Then we didn't hear about any blow. John, oh, of course, the election thing here. I guess you could say that. Go a blue it. In so many ways. We were wet down the old toilet. Probably new cats are here. It's probably made a big splash. I was adding. Okay, let's check a couple of calls here today. You've got to be kidding me. He calls me here on the air. I'm an Amsterdam for 10 days. Never called me over there. He calls me here on the air because he wants to be a hand bone. Well, we've been hiding. I don't know. Neil, Neil, I did the summer thing and I'm saying. I got back up Sunday night. I flew. I stole a gentleman. So it's a man. I was a peanut, which is building mediocre. They don't even. I'm under the toilet paper. They don't put the toilet paper in the bed. Yeah. It's me. Coach, I was so small. I had to eat. Well, where do you flew in coach? Yeah, I took. What up? She'd asked, did you? I'm in your brutal. Well, what's your brother? My budget. You came up with the trade-down. I had to balance the food on my head. But while I'm an Amsterdam, I usually have to push you on a trip to the period. And you moved to the period of me, right? Yeah. Okay. I'm stone. Because I'm at the high-time festival. I go to McDonald's town. One of my lines. I'm dreaming about the cheeseburg and somebody bumps me. I got robbed of my $5,000 necklace. The thing I always wear. Really? You know, I'm so upset. I'm sitting on the moon. The one that you used to purchase. Yes, exactly. I used to go to feet. But there's also my cigar. Anyway. You promised to go on to a moon. What do you say? Well, you should, you know, shoot a pretty girl on my use. I took it. It's a weird, you know. But I like all the other women. I don't hear it. Me or it's so weird. How was your dark room at the Adonisher? It was a weird year, right? It was a weird year. No, no, but they happened to the time. That's where it really happened. Okay. That was probably some weird that you were waiting. But it had nothing to do with the time. That's a good time. Did you have fun? I had a good time, man. So, how could you issue a part-in-off? How come we never heard from you? Not the night. You didn't call me because I tried to respect your privacy. Good. I didn't even hear from the landlord, either. But I do it by do here that you have a new key to your apartment's. I got it for you. I'll come over here. You know I was with Joey Pudofio, go home and be your head. Stay with me. Don't have a boat. Bring him here. Okay. You know what I'm trying to do? Run Jeremy, wish fun. Okay. Even with all the hair. No, Joey. You're not bringing Joey here. Don't bring Joey Reynolds. Don't bring Joey, but a fruco. Don't bring any Joey. But one issue. What did you do with my necklace? I did. I did. I did. You did. Did you ever try to get a $15,000 for? Yeah. You know, the FU or the Ensemble, if you're a Gapoplox on the Greenhouse, it's a wonderful place called The Picking Union, which is right up to straight from the other envisor, strong. It was pretty good. It was pretty good. You know, the year of dollars, so weak. It's good for us. I took eight people to dinner. It came up to 120 US dollars, but three of the deal. It's a pleasure to be in that kind of. Is it truly you and Jeff Cohen are an unarmed audience? homosexuals. Yeah. Are we getting married? Good. Well, it's an a little bit of a why you're opening a Hawaiian pizza law. It's a legal and empty, and it's dynamite. Isn't it a make so many? I got so sick over there from the crappy food from all the fatty food you know, and I thought I was dying over there. I thought that was it. Or the Chinese food taste, your pork fried rice is there, you know, is the bowl. I had to give you half some pork. What? What's not my trial and trip first last? First class, Martinier, a 17 hundred bucks. You're rich. You've got the contract. No, no, no. What are you talking about? You're rich. You've got the contract. No, no. What are you talking about? You're rich. You've got the contract. No, no. What are you talking about? You've got more money than I'll ever see if I live to be 300. What are you just a cheap, stereotypical fat. You want to chip. Why don't you write enough a little bit and put it in circulation. I think you're going to have a pound. You're going to have to pay for the other bad and Jerry fish foods. Yeah. So yeah. Thank you. When you're at the. You are really seriously. When you're broken. Believe me. You're going to be a bomb. You will be there at madam two shows is one of the wonders of the world. How you stay alive. I just don't get it. In fact, I told the landlord. I told Peter, I said you better call him because I'm a little bit worried. We haven't heard from him for one of his 50 meals yet. If I mean Friday night, I'm going to be at Trip East. It's a tell choice to bring Chris Pearl along. I want to do it for him. I'm taking Joey. You taking Joey to trip. Are you? I didn't. I got to know I met the hiding cheese. Sorry. Now she answered my hand in the sun since I'll do it. Now. Stick with these mental patients that you pick out of these food forms. Stick with them. They're right up your alley. Well, they are. You don't want me out. My mouth hurts. My mouth hurts. I don't get so about it. Okay. Well, listen. Bring in that key. I will. I'll come over later. Today. I don't know. I'll leave the week. Okay. I'm going to. Okay. I'm going to. Woo. Somewhere some Dutch person is enjoying the the fruits. They've been a fairly big amount of it. This is cheap past. They're not put in circulation from stealing his necklace. I think there is a guy. Yeah. Yeah. That's good news. I'd go on out baby. It's almost a little on me. 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM 5 60 70 5 60. What get to your calls? Just the coolant. 5 60 on the 18 T while I was flying. I feel better today. Much better. Sound better. I feel better. I feel like I'm a brand new. I was like, I mean, that's it's absolutely energy. When you have the thing like in the upper chest like that. When you have that grid. Yeah. Even if you were headache from it gives you a headache and it's Saps your energy and you feel like. You feel like crap. You feel like a dead old Jew. And hate to call the yesterday. Totally of the show. If you missed that. And so the he had the same thing. He said, you think the thing that the fact that we're fat might have some to do it all this. Yeah. That might have something to do with it. So quit eating quit eating God damn it. What after finished my omelette. 10 27 at 5 60 QA. I hate the Irish. Yeah. Everybody's talking about it. The situation's 2000. And now here's your chance to own up these the history with his musical debut. Our goal. Sing. Wesley Goard. It's not hard. A. I'll recount the call once. We can't about one. We can't about one. Two. We can't do if you thought you would sing. And it's a song of the American German. Georgie's heard the crap. Georgie's heard the crap. Georgie's heard the crap. Well, that's also pretty much one of rules. Or a rule. That's what I got. Boys. That's what they did. Boys. Girls. Girls. They're not shocked. They're so upset. I'm not giving up. So that's what I'm teaching with that little boy. Yeah. It's our goal. Singing all four of Wesley Goard is right. It's a bill that I've heard of. We're new. We're a double y'all. I won't do all. Our goal is here to. The last one. Sir. Henry III of 56 WPM Georgie's got a big appearance. So we can. Saturday noon to two of those titles on 36. Me and the best in the old two pounds will be available for provided by. You guessed it. Atlantic City sub. And our good buddy, uh, what's his name? Scott Nauer. Is that his name Scott Nauer? Yes, all one name. One guy. All those good fatty cool cup. I mean, all I could stuff from Atlantic City sub. No, they're good guys. Even though before the one at bottom and he went and turned the keys to the kingdom over then, our plant pair to total so far, 60,000, 800, maybe bucks. Plenty of CDs, cassettes and t-shirts left. Less than 100 key change remain. If you want the best in the old key chain, what how is that? If you want one of those, you better go to theoadju.com right now. Not already yours because once they're gone, that's it. Neil Rogers.com. Well, you can also order the rest of the merchandise. You've also ready your spectators in Dave Broward of Palm Beach, Nathan's and Paul Myers, and pick up the best in the old two-dears in cassettes. And please do it because that's another December. Let's go go 100 grand to see a wrong way. I might hook or buy crook. Just like the one in the election, buy hook or buy crook. That's the new deal. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello, me? Yes, man. Hi, listen, I just wanted to call and set the red picture on two things that were brought up on your show. Yes, me. About Judge Burden being a Republican and about the Democratic Party approving the ballots. I have two articles from the Miami Herald. One was on November the 26th on Burden. And I'll just read two sentences. He is a registered Democrat and a one-time college intern for Edward Kennedy. But he was appointed to the branch by Republican Governor Jeff Bush. And on the Democratic Party approving the... Well, I'm why do they keep reporting the energy Republican? I think it's got to be a Republican Party thing, so I mean, I can start to see you if you want it. Well, it's pretty hard to just like to reach on the poor. One day she was a Democrat and she was a Republican, she was a Democrat again. And the same with her judge up there, this judge saw us who used to be Republican and now is a Democrat. And we're not really sure what it is. Okay, well, this is a big article on Judge Burden. So I mean, I can start to see if you want to see it. No, I'll pass. Okay, and the other one on the poor and on the Democratic Party, there was on the Democratic candidate. And it says, reports, defenders, including Republican leaders, have said that many eyes approved for that was designed. However, Bob Powe, executive director of the Florida Democratic Party confirmed that no one in his party signed off on the ballot. The appeal features couldn't be reached for common. So that comes to the end. But that's not legal. So if somebody had a sign off on it, because that's the law. Okay, so we have to talk about the article. It says, when Chester was the police, the previous boss. Yeah. Yes. The frequency of elections, she says, precludes review by political parties or state election officials. The county's 3% count on the board doesn't see the ballot before it's painted. Like it's not really done. It's like she's saying. I think she's done. So I know she's done. Okay. Okay. Thanks. I have a chance to stand up for that. Yeah, the police will report. She's a chiguna to report. How does it feel to receive a note that you have that kind of power that you single handedly picked the next president probably? How does it feel to us, sweetheart? That she's even got more power than that secretary of bush up there. I scroll into a mesa. Don't take it personally now. We don't want you to get stretched out unless you want to. Here's a call from Nathan. How long? Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, boy. I might go ahead and talk to you. You know, you're the only threat of insanity on this whole area. Let's go absolutely correct. You know, I happen to accidentally touch on your program one time. You can. I think I feel like you will all this must be another symbol or the following of the year. And I said, my God, he's talking to me. I'm not using that somebody to the left of Hitler can actually be on a radio in America. They don't have to be some right wing fascist. Perinoids, cow like the Lauderdale Limbaugh, or some convicted felon. It's hard to believe. We've got a local commissioner who has turned talk show host here. Neil is a registered for who knows what. And, you know, what my point is and what I'd like to say to you is, and it's so important. You know, if you can get brainwashed so easily, if you're not careful about listening to what's being said. I'm not sure if you're listening to what's being told. How could anybody get brainwashed by fat ass limbo or Gordon Lidiam? As long as you know where they're coming from, but even a little child knows, how could you believe anything that they say? Well, that's how it seems to you and to me, but you have these perfectly normal people who we've worked with, eating this nonsense, you know? Well, because people are stupid, people like to be led. That's why we're started a thing with a bitter head. And now, this is the, what kind of a moron are you? That you say, okay, whatever you say, did I do that? Oh, that's because you're my god, and I'm one of the disciples. One of your underlings. Well, there you go. That's imagery, Lenin's. The seminal county thing, you know, just to give him a sample on the newspaper and the maple stealing news. The headline was, you know, the court you're picking up, whatever. And, of course, there was some mention about a small sideline that, what was happening with this spring, which was the point people over without intention, you know? And then the seminal county story was kind of last page. In other words, the one that, you know, whether one in and knowingly altered the information and that. There's like, oh, I'm 4700 balanced. Exactly. I mean, that's so issue would be the end of this whole extra of against the right. But for some reason, when the Republican hears that a felony has taken place, all that's okay, because that's politics. But if they start the party, it's just like the red just like the recount. They like the recount in seminal county, the recount in Pope County. They like the red, the elimination of the 51 votes in National County because they were all for Gore. They like it when it's expedient for them. But when it's not expedient for them, oh, that evercratcher tried to change the law and the county be a bill. They did the bill. They think if I can't say the yesterday, the article I read from the International Hero Tribune, they just had this recount in the state of Texas. They partially on the law that Bush himself signed in the law three years ago, and every dip of ballot was counted. Everybody wanted them. And there was no big song to death. And in addition to which it was the Republican candidate who challenged the outcome, he's the one that demanded the recount. Whenever it's conveniating for whatever it can be, if they liked Bimples, them, and they don't like it. They call them large discs. There you go. They're going to be a great day pal. Hey, you took the last one. Yeah, I think that's the problem. I said we got a little hit in charge. Ah, yeah, these dip-old ballots, pregnant Chad, it's a joke. It's a joke when somebody beside them is trying to get a vote counted. Go on to their benefit. Well, I mean, that's the American FBI. Just like the recount in New Mexico. And they find it very suspicious all these under vote sticks. But the under vote's here. Well, that's fine because they almost are those who are going to go on the go. You're a bunch of liars and hypocrites. You bush people you. Wires and hypocrites. I mean, you're entitled to be for whoever you want. But don't try to pretend to us that he's on the side of the people and that he trusts people and not the government's case strictly a show for daddy who's pretending to be in this big fishing term. Yeah, he's fishing for the White House. That's really fishing for him. He keeps sticking his hook in the water, hopefully they'll bring the keys up to the goddamn kingdom. That's what they're looking for. Because they want back in. When I wouldn't surprise me to see a pop in the Martha Washington. Knock it on, try to knock that door down this weekend. I'm gonna say it. I can just see that right now. I'm saying it right now. The two of them try to bang the guy down door down. And of course, W. won't be there yet because nobody showed him or watched him. Was he on the map? 24, other than 5, 60 W to QA in. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 5, 60. Q, A, M. The right wing stole the election from there. From my last can for a week after the day that's war. I'm gonna have a chance to play the ball in the top and talk about David's war. I'm gonna have a chance to play the ball in the back of the game. is $1,607,000 bulldozer and $1,306,500 dead like and now what was it in the Washington Post? I don't know exactly. One of the Russians and the soldiers probably in the Washington Post or maybe it was in the Washington Times. Not to be a right wing. Whatever some guy had them in his paper to find a bunch of right wingers who would come down here, put him up at the pier 66 so-to. Those were your Republican agitators at the Miami-Dade courthouse. Those are the ones that the whatever it was, the federal building, I wasn't here, who knows where they're coming. Screaming, let us in, stop the vote, let us in. There was the one guy, I'm sure most of you are seeing the attack, they showed it 6,000 times already. The one guy with the glasses and kind of the big head of the blonde, the lady here, it kept his head kept spinning around, I thought it was doing a window blur, I thought it was a distancing for X's just for three. God, just hysterical, what was it? Let us in. It was all orchestrated all shit in and then I stayed and put him back at a bushing church, shipped and off the ground, didn't look like so well up there. Oh no, we had nothing to do with this and we weren't trying to disrupt the work. Why? One out the clock, that's what it's all about. One out the F and clock. They paid him how much he'd been? $30 a day, our expenses paid truck, room and board, go on, they took each other. Oh, it's bigger than that, almost forgot there was a guy who sent me, he, this guy was paid, I don't want to dig it out of the best because I've been tempted to use his name on here, some green two two wheel, he was paid to be in there in a protest with a lot of cabin Republicans, which I guess you don't know it's a bunch of body corners, but a day away. Yeah, he sends me to picture of his person in the newspaper and he's circle, but he's in that was paid to be there. He spelled it wrong, but nah, he's one of your people that you expect. He's probably the guy that's going out of necklace. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Yeah sir. Oh, I think the Vice President Gordon did serving his Trump over the last eight years. What does that mean? What do you think he did a good job? Yeah, I think Clinton did a good job. I'm curious what you thought about that. Why wouldn't he discuss that? I mean, where is the election coming up now is this stuff that we've always had before? The election for the reason? What's it going to happen in the campaign all over again? I was just curious why he's struggling to win the national popular vote because he has this same guy that we learned in that day. He was a national popular vote by our most third of a million votes you, Bozo, and the same answer that called yesterday with his AP vote, the double-pocker. When I say it again, one by almost a third of a million votes, which is much at 101 million, but still a substantial number, sure better than 573, completely Republican spent more than four or one with the Democrats still during the campaign. Yeah, and the fact is he's got a personality like a dead man, and also the fact is that the Republicans for every string can't possibly try to get a very brilliant there. And you already know that. See, I hate to break the news here, but there's not much point in those kind of conversations. They're not supposed to make you feel good unless you're squeezing a real hard while you're on the phone, which he's probably so closeness, nothing's happening. Because most of us have already voted now. Tom Beats, there is some slight chance that may vote again, which I think would really be delicious. I think that would be fantastic. Can you see if they finally rule at Pipefield? And they haven't had hearing the second and three or four clock to see if they're actually going to do this. They haven't agreed to hear that case, but they're going to have a court hearing. They hear what they're going to hear it. The party we would throw. The party we would throw at others. And then you can just see that they come on there and can see. Oh, let's not go through this election. One of my is well conceived right now, and it was a nice try and they hear the keys back even though you didn't give it to the people. Okay, let's go. We're going to vote the country. You think they're going to refund the money? All those people are going to give it in the 5,000 bucks. So they can go get their power, push, digs for their transition thing. They just make it up as they go along. They're so concerned about the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment. And that this vote, if it's recount, it is more valuable than you ever, which of course is an absolute lie. Because like I said before, you already signed into law in his own say three years ago, the hand recount. Look, they just did one of his state representative candidates who lost Republican. Dimples and all. They talk out of not just both sides of their mouth, but both sides of their rectum. And it would have been so much better in the media, of course, they love it. Oh, here's James Baker again, and here's a war in Christopher that gives them oxygen. They love it because it fills up all this time. But if we had a responsible, maybe they would have said, you know, something all new people keep your spokesman off our networks. We're not giving any time. We're going to let the accords decide all these things will report what's happening in the courts, and that's it. Of course, that's not good showbiz. It's much better to keep putting James Baker under every half arc. Look, like he looks off. He's about to have a big teeny. He's got that. And that him on killing look on his face, you know? That was that's a jury's delighted again. Try to screw us over and palm beach. That's why Papa Bush has been fishing right now. He's pretty pissed off. He's trying to catch the big one. Here's a call from Tampa. Hello. Yeah, and the same thing there is to record and it's come out and it happened in Seminal County, happened in Martin County with the absentee. The Republicans were allowed to come in and fix the errors on them. So they would be valid. Meanwhile, the Democrat absentee that were not a co-ex son and a big pile and were never taken care of. That's a new one. But you know who I know, the president's going to be. And we get the electors picked by the legislature. The floor of the legislature, that'll be the brochure electors. When Gordon is re-certified as the winner of Florida, they'll be a set of electors for Gore. Nighter will be able to seat to be seated at the electoral college. So it'll go to Congress. Storms are women. You got it. And you know who will pick his vice president? Cunt lock. Cunt lock. Storms are men tramlock. There you go. That's a nice progressive period. So strong kicks are in about six off about six months a year down the red. Yeah. And watch our president. I said that we have strong dual-weighting Henry Harrison. You know, getting inaugurated and pouring rain and getting the morning. Baby, we could waste an oil and moderate of oil. And then we can find out that what's really in trend closet. Have a great day. Yeah. Never all I did was about Trent Lot just a couple of palm palms. Nothing else. Yeah. He was like, he was a cheerleader. Trent Lot. And he's also one of these real homophobic drivingers. What is that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Every, let me share it again. How do you keep John say? Two out your life. Any time you run into one of these real homophobic drivingers. That's the sagant right there that you're looking at. You're looking at right in their purse. Just looking straight in the face and say, yeah. That's right. Because you're looking right at it. Back to at the Eva Brown eye. Here's a moment for waterdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Two days ago, unmending night football. How long ago? Two days ago. Yeah. United football. Al Michael called Katherine Harris, the American Helwing. Why? Al Michael said that? Yeah. Al Michael called her in the middle of the day. What business is he got talking about politics and might be that football who cares about his politics? Okay. Well, why? Why if he called her a heroin because of her hyper technical reading of Florida war? Because he likes her eyelashes again. Well, you know, if that's the case, and if that's going to be, I say, I say, she had to get 100 lashes. What I say? If that's going to be the standard find. Well, what is Al Michael talking about politics for? But McCarrot should be consistent with her standard. And his relatives, the same one that said to all accountants. Yeah. If the Al, overseas ballots don't have a postmark, they must not be counted. No exceptions. Right. Well, through the man by the name of the doon away, who ran from there in Sanford, Florida. And he submitted 900 petitions to the election supervisor in Seminoch County. Yeah. Republican Sandy Gord. Those petitions were rejected because some of the petitions do not contain crucial information. You requested to throw them out, including missing information. She refused saying that this is public property. You cannot have them back. Okay. Thanks for to October 2000. When the same Sandy Gord, who's a Republican, Trump, Republican, offered his Mike Leach and left him come into her office and fill out 4700 absentee ballots. Never been. But she was going to throw out. He filed shoes and a throne to garbage because they were missing crucial information. Right. She allowed this guy to fill in it, fill in this information. Now, according to state law, this is illegal. It's a third degree following. And anyway, I want to point out that every one of those was for Bush. Exactly. There was the 3700 rule of the ballot. State law says that the only people that can throw out absentee ballots are the electors, the electors of media family and the electors legal guardian. Where's our conscious right? Mr. Week is not one of them. And he filled the mouth. It's a third degree felony. It's a ticking time bomb because this issue is going to be heard next Wednesday in Lea and Calthi. Right. It's the court rules for the plaintiff and those ballots are excluded. Go win by 4,000 votes. Game over. What would Mr. Harris say after say about that? Where's the consistency in this palace? Eee. That's what you'll be saying. Okay, countdown. Take two and countdown. Take some of our promise. What is that? Pala's. Pala's. And I'm not taking the wrong. I should mention. Although that's okay. He gave me privacy, which I guess is very similar. And you know, they got so many drugs in my doctor. He doesn't know. They picked the file of the closet. He tried these. Maybe these are help. Here's a fact from Michael who says, do we at the end of the facts? Good thought? Is that order keychain by the internet order member, so on. So October 6th, still go keychain. Is that a practice along to Miguel? And we might want to, what I think this time, I mentioned because I did a lot of calls back here. Yeah, he's a back in my bars over it. This is a promotion department thing at this time. Yeah, we produced the disc. So distributed. I can't have them. That kind of thing. Right. Well, but I mean, they put their money up and they were plastic. I mean, I don't even write number or anything like that. But they want to get the good stuff. The number of our own complain is the same number that you call the order. Right. Do you have five six five or 0 and five six? 0 and five six. Call up Miguel in the bitchie model. He's got nothing to do in there anyway. Plus he's got things all alone in there now. Not that the nephew is wrong. We have a new promotion in zero. No, no promotion director. Why should we do that? But my next day, pay somebody if we do that. 10 to P6 and five six, you're W2. What's the first? Hi, hi. For my real name around here. And that's the whole election up. And see your name around here. And that's the whole election up. Go buy yourself a new two bad. And talk to the bitchie. Which one? You got your name on the guy. And she never has a chance. You got your name on the balance. Go anywhere but have a chance. Where's the little one that you? And some friends I'll ring your hand. Thanks to you the right, Miguel. Go leave your election there, and swear. And now the last two right, Miguel. Go leave your election there, and swear. Go leave your father guy. And you got your 65 from there. And you got your name around here. And you got your whole election up. And you got your whole election up. And you got your whole election up. Go buy yourself a new one. And talk to the bitchie. Go buy yourself a new one. And you got your name on the balance. Go buy yourself a new one. And you got your golden hand. And you got your golden hand. It's the L. M. O. 3. At 5. 6. W. T. W. T. W. And the court. And the court. And the court. And the court. An event. And it was clear. And the court. Oh, Jack play left. The author is the says something. And the court. And they are giving up. They are getting away from course. 61 years ago. And they will give a crack. One thing we see. I mean. I sure saw for you. Everybody. and she did playing Clash. They looked at some of the girl fly to play. I mean, Daddy was in there, I guess. Or somebody was in the back, getting drunk. And in a driving rainstorm, I remember that in Wisconsin, there's some like, well, she had to go to the next stop because they were making a big gap here, I think of it. And you know what? She's still dead. But the home was her name. Somebody in the audience will know. The little girl will have to go to the park. Every time I see Cheney, and I say, oh, I don't think he's going to make it. I'm waiting for that moment when it's going to be, oh, like that. And you see, you can't say he's a heartbeat away from the pregnancy, if we're getting to it. Because it's hard to beat most of the time. He's got kind of a heart-skippin' a jump away. The bird tells you he can't change, so you can't imagine that that's it. Yeah, you're lying. How do you like that? It wasn't a heart attack. It was just some, I feel like that bag's got down there in my image. Just had to medease. Not a joke. That bag, that's all. I'll hit out of the system. Take some of that crap to talk to. You get some control from the doctor. That's from Dr. Dick. Here's Poggaard Creek. Come on. Hey, Coggaard Creek, how you doing, you know? OK. Yeah. Really enjoy your joke and down here, like, click the marksman. I hate Poggaard Creek down here, please. This place is, we can't do anything right. But at least we're concerned, but we can't do a dancing right. Yeah. I've caught the comment right. I heard you've listened to me talking about reconciliation, and if things go the other way, which I hope they don't. They're talking about it, and the Democrats, they can't. Yeah. We should take on a proper deal of the, or who they would actually look at what you've been on that. Probably, somebody really, really liberal, like Bob Crawford, you know, maybe Jim Noggle from Poor Waterdale, I'm here. Somebody like that, some right wing fascists, the emancipatings are going to come. OK, then. You know what? I like to say one thing. I'm not too confident in the answer to me. What make an appropriate decision for Coggaard Creek? You know, I could do them probably part of the Republican Party, right? Yeah. You know, I do something to be careful with the fact that I think are probably only hope he and you's on a, maybe a possible deal of the problem investigation, then possibly, which is probably being offered by the end, right? And what's going to happen when they find out about that abortion though, and when that comes out about a month after you're getting in the acquired pop story, you know? What will happen soon? Well, you know what? So I'm, I'm stage two. I just thinking he's looking at the get it to get it to all of us and make a couple things. I don't think they're going to stay in the lock. Somebody's going to, you know, talk to somebody. Somebody's going to talk to talk? OK, let's call somebody. All right. And hang on tight. And you know what's going to happen if that would happen in Bushhead or like step aside, you only have another deck in the right half? That's right. With a bad kid, a deck with a bad tick or listen, this is this is pathetic. It's really sad and you people are taking this all serious. Like I said at the beginning of the show I'll say it again. If it weren't for the fact that we've got these philosophical, this danger, this tremendous philosophical danger, that's what it's all about. It has nothing to do with these people, because these people are like it insignificant. They're pathetic. Each and every one of them is become a caricature of himself, of itself. Jew, ligrim and that rimpering, tempering, god on his sleeve, or where's the halaba, this guy? And the cigar still Indian who no matter what the circumstances can't, he couldn't, you could put him in a goddamn oven, and he still couldn't must have up any room. And done, bolly, the deer in the headlights, like, oh geez, did I really get it? Is this guy, you know, like, yeah, we're moving in? How do I get there? Where do I find it on the map? And then there's virulent right when Nazi poppers go from dick. Here's a mobile and poor waterdale, huh? You know. Yes, sir. Did you see Papa Bush, he had a little remote control. He can control his son, I'd say he's he'd see the. He's he would go knock that throwback, but what's going on? It's an unbelievable deal. Yeah. And when you know, you know how they have the new a match, the automated thing in the car, you know, you set the map and it'll get, I think that's what he's going to do to get in the Russian. Exactly. Take it a five is right. Licks is so, another thing, they had him on TV this morning. What a joke he is. I mean, he could tell he was just a, he was one of those, the man could come back, and I can talk about that. He's busy finishing this. I'm not sure he's got those hook in the water, right? And there's a, that's what's about Bush's drunken driving. Remember he's stubby got the rest of the drunken driving. Yes, yes. You know, all of them at the drink, not the drive. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Got caught. That's him to room three day. Yeah. Brian, like a baby, and never do it again. That's good again. That's good. That's good. That's good. Okay, no catch it. When the Papa, Papa Bush. Yeah, and it's, it's just astonishingly how stupid the half of this country can be. Not that goes any prize and certainly due legalism. But I would just, we just got to stand up to a Papa Bush eight years ago because it was a mitigated disaster. Wipe to escape, read my lips, some full of crap. You can almost smell it. Yeah. Yeah. Left the goddamn Sodam sitting over there on his ass so that we can start all over again. Another zander. Let this with all that gigantic get. High unemployment. Here we are eight years later. Everything's going along so much better. Oh, but funny boy, who's 50 times better than that he ever could be if he tried. He's the answer. I don't know if I still don't get it. I still feel alive at me. I don't understand why any of you voted for George W. I know why I voted for George to keep W out. But why any of you voted for this for this creed for the self described massive media equity keeps the hell out of me. We said run a night or the G. That's true. Ain't no Jew. You don't forget to stop by the Pac-Malad 955 not Hill Road and Plantation Brogher shipping eat this holiday season. When you're watching, you're 10% off and they're doing great job and handling our stuff. At least I think they're doing a great job. Based on that one thanks. So they are for a plant parent of this year. This is a bunch of who I could really go for some popcorn right now. But I'm no man, you know, microwave. You don't need to be. I'm not going to pop it. Yeah, I'll show you. Have a seat. Now slide this right underneath. Hey, what's it there? No, whole real still. Think nice thought. And in five minutes you'll have Pop and Fresh Finding Corn. Are you going to? Yeah, it's great. Finding Corn pops up fresh with the warmth of your very own ass. What? Thanks. Just go. Hey, that's really weird. Yeah, never mind that. What? I'm not sure you like this one. This is the old and whole time. That's what? This is the old puppy. Here. Oh, oh, oh. He's a little tiny boy. Quick. Easy. Like from your own house. It's 1145-56WQ and heaven and heaven and heaven. Here's the elated from my Palm Beach County. Judge George LeBarget at little judge. He's ascended the 36-hundred-de-speeded ballots. Only at this time. That's a bit of a question. He said, OK, here you go. The 36-hundred ballots as we speak are on their way to Leon County to Palahashi. So that hang in judge up there. What's that? Those are his name, Judge Sal. And he's also left to the world, but if they want all 400,000 from Palah Beach, well, they can get those two. Maybe later on down the road, like what's in about a half an hour. But in the meantime, 36-hundred-de-steered-ed ballots are on their way to the judge up there in Leon County. Can you hear the sounds of the green apple quick step from the British people? That's strange too hard, Dick. Oh. Here's pepper pine, tell us. Hello, hello, New England. Yes, sir. So I'm just having a good evening calling a couple of the congressmen around here, some of our grandhem. You know that, Senator Lou? Senator Granha. Grandhem, OK. I called them in a little BC office. And I just have an evening, I came to work with the fact that you know, I hope it's helpful since the Republicans are putting so much spin into this here. I think that the Democrats have to be a right thing. And since Carter's sent to many countries to monitor the election, he should be sent to Florida the monor of the votes over here. And that would tell the American people that there is something definitely wrong in South Florida. And I hope that your views will consider this and call their congressmen all over up. Thank you, anyway. OK. And say how to Senator Granha. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and provide some wireless ones. Put it up in the next step. So almost 20 points. What happened there? What's like we're in for another big divide? Nobody knows. It's kind of like going sideways, down sideways. You know what I mean? It's an holding pattern, but on a downward spiral. Kind of like our lives. Here's a moment in my end. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? OK. I just wanted to come over to you with you. I'm obviously among the other leaders. But I don't really mean why. I mean obviously. Why? Why is that? I'm going to disagree with you. I'm going to start with you. First of all, I'm the 10,000. Or 700 or 11,000, whatever. Under voted thousands in Miami. Yeah. He orders also. In the total amount of the state was over 100,000. Under voted theft, ballot. And for the countries over a million. Yeah. So what are we going to start counting all those as well? You understand that the British people had a right in fact they. They got recounts, hand recounts in six different counties. They picked up almost 100 votes in several counties. It was 98. And the Democrats had a right to have those votes counted. And they requested specifically hand counts in seminal Palm Beach Browden Day Counties. They had a right to have all of those votes counted. First votes, I would have been the two times they ran through the machine and they would have a counter because they had the machine couldn't read them. They've never been counted even once. But if we're 100,000 or 120,000, it's the exact same. So why did the Republicans refuse? We're doing it for the whole country. Not that all of our whole country is missing this field. The state of Florida is going to decide the election. But wouldn't you see the mess and you were on a guard rating in the future? You go to a popular vote. We can see the mess in whatever right now. If you had a popular vote or a million. You go to the same. No, no, no. Not if we had it because I also had the same time. But let's show we have a popular vote. We shouldn't be doing paper ballots anymore. It should all be computerized. There was in any reason the road line we should be counting ballots to an over three weeks after the election. I've not been expecting that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can't be a real national. That's why we're not the way to hold an election even for God's sake. We have the technology to do it and they utilize it in part to California. So we have the North Western state. And now there's mailing in the ballot pocket. Oh, we're gone. Yeah, it's computerized. That's all. We results go to the Central Terminal. They press a button when they when the appears are closing at face. Here's the telephone for it. That's it. I agree. We have to re-revaluate that and do upgrade your election system. Because you know it all the time. Do nobody's ever really going to know who won this election. Well, you got to agree with that. You're going to be right. You're following the one one other thing. This is the study of this wine. We call it everyday. We call it about the federal for you. Yeah. The Democrats in that same child. We think out there actually is the numbers on them. I have a time. Well, we're going to become up for that. It was. They said, well, that's not the right thing. That was for the numbers on the head of the. He knows not the ballot. The operations. The hard. The numbers on the floor. They said, well, so they did the same thing. And then what did you just make that up did. Was that a relationship? We're going to. Are we going to? Are we going to? Yeah. No. I'm wasn't. I believe. I'm going to. I'm going to. And that's what we see. You can't call them up right now. I'm coming up for Chris Matthews. We can trust him. No. Not. Yeah. I've had a big brother going. You got to understand. Well, I don't go. I'm going to. I think I'm all in jail. I mean, do I believe with this guy just. Oh, it's like the guy that called it. Don't you remember the day the guy was calling about how the ballots aren't secret. And they had like a little computerized code on it. And I bought right into it because people didn't call up and say anything. I haven't voted about 100 years up until we're so actually I was my luck. My luck. This is the time I decided to vote. With my luck. I'll probably. And then let's go to show you speaking of our luck here in Florida. Stop and think about this. Which of these events? Which of these growth tests do vastious ongoing things? Was the most compelling to you? This girl election 98 out of 150. 65.3%. That's that's a shock to crap out of me. Oh, Joe trial only 28, 18.5%. Ali on 13, 8.6%. And Monica gave only 11.5%. Now the thing that's most astonishing about that is we picked the foremost sensational overdone over-hype events of the last. I don't know how long. So I guess in the assassination of the 60's. Now since the water game. So that's almost 30 years. And three of them. Have a floor connection. Oh, Jake, don't you live here now? Oh, yeah. Bush girl election isn't this just like I told you election morning. Isn't this where the citizen is all hanging in the balance? Yeah. Ali on. Didn't that all happen here? And if we just get Monica down here to give a few board jobs, we can make it a clean sweep for for for. Oh. Oh, the photo lawmakers are considering special session to pick you lecturers. It's running over our dead body. Okay. They got some freaking nerdy for the legislature. See, this is their ace in the hole now. If they couldn't steal it by hook or by cook by by dumbing up enough votes. And if the count doesn't come out the way they want. While we know what they'll do, they'll just go into court at the last minute, even if Ali had the rest of the news off. And they'll say, okay, we're going to file another suit to make sure that you can't possibly come up with a resolution by December 12th. And we'll have more litigation pending. And at that case, at that point, the legislature can say, well, there's still litigation pending that has no result. So therefore, we're going to have a point out, so I have to 25 bush electors. And then that's going to have to go to the U.S. Supreme Court. This thing, this may never end. And you want to have to say that? Oh, lie. Good. Maybe we'll be saved after all. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I mean, yes sir. Oh, okay. Just want to talk about a couple things. You had to call it a while back saying that those ballots before it will also say you can only vote or can touch the option T ballots. I guess it's in Penelope County. But the problem is the question at hand, if not has nothing to do with the option T. Okay. The option I'm going to do with the ballots itself. It has to do with the application to obtain the ballot. What happened was, in order to obtain an option T. Bala, you have to send out an application requesting it. And there was a piece of information missing, which was the voters ID on it. And that was hand put in there. But nobody touched the ballot. Once they got application was filled out correctly, the ballot was sent to the voter and they voted like everybody else received an option. People are like everybody else who went up to a poll. So what you're talking about, what they're trying to do is eliminate votes. I mean, they're saying that every vote counts, eliminating votes that were actually in the vote. That piece is where the black lady Jojo Paret tell us. She's going to decide that one. Yeah. Now the other thing about the MPI of the 100 votes and date counting, I was going to observe over the first day. They were counting by pre-sync number, you know, starting from 1 to 913 is the number pre-sync. I mean, they're 600, but they're numbered from 1 to 900. And all the pre-syncs that they counted were from the beach, which the beach starts from 1 to 50. And then you had over count, you had a lot of them. They hadn't gone to pre-sync. When you get to pre-sync 3.05, that's in Miami, lake from then on. You get little Havana. You get the Weschester candle. Why was not that? I mean, he had only done 151 votes. And they have a very heavily democratic pre-sync. So another review is just a mess soon now. We're going to review it. Well, no, no, I'm saying I'm saying. If you actually count over under votes, they were extrapolating that if you see you counted everything that I've read to. Most of the under votes are from the place that you mentioned first of them over town and Liberty City and from the... No, there were a lot of under votes from little Havana because of the people in the, you know, there are a lot of people who were voting for the first time. Not a dumb green tooth Cuban, right? No, I mean, they were voting for the... Look, we can argue about where they were from. The fact is, what would have been wrong? David Lay here is the children of Woodpecker. Once they started, they should never have stopped. They should have gone through a bit of... The Oliver and Ben with the one happy to be sitting here discussing this today. I mean, wouldn't it be nice to know what the number was? Well, what happened was, if you also look at the transcript, when they voted on counting, the Democrats wanted just to count what the under votes. And the head of the judge, I would go and remember that his name, the head guy there. And he basically said, you know, he asked the lawyer from the county, and they only do the under votes. And then they looked at the statute and the statute says, when you start to recount, you must count all the ballots of the county. And then he basically, on the record said, well, you know, that's clear. We cannot count just the under votes. You have to count all the votes. What happened then that day that they had to protest? They just... When you mean the day that they organized protests, these were shipped in, they were screaming and killing the voters. Okay, what happened was... Okay, what happened was they decided to... They decided... In order to get... they were looking at the under votes. We were counting the regular ballots that were passed. The observers on the table were counting the regular ballots. They were just handling the under votes. They had done through a machine count and they had a program that could pick out the under votes. Okay, and then set it aside. They only did 500 precincts. They hadn't done all the rest. So they decided that day that they were... Even though he had set it on the record that you can't do that, he basically just changed their minds and said, well, we're only going to count the 10,000 under votes. Then they had to go back up to the county room and run the rest of the precincts through... Okay, letting the left people want to say, because we had a guy yesterday that called in that, I know he's full of crap. I was saying that there were no Republicans in the building. Well, they got shot. And while washware I'm getting it. What happened was they had to do two things at the same time. So they would leave, he had to or leave whatever the name he had. Yeah, he had to be upstairs running the machines at the same time looking at the ballots... To this because they didn't have any time to do the 10,000 before the Supreme Court's deadline. Yeah. They decided to go watch stairs, run the machines because he had to be present. And at the same time, just to look at the ballots. But then they're violating sunshine law because the losters that you need to have, you need to have an observer from one side and an observer from the other. Yeah. They decided to do it outside the media, for as soon as outside... Are you talking about the hand-chatting of the machine balance? Don't talk about that. They were doing both. Because for this one of you talking about that, you'd say that we're doing both without any agent. They wouldn't have been, that's what happened. They didn't have the reason they stopped the hand-count. They didn't leave you, he said, I can't be at two places at the same time. So, it was convenient that we had all those educators. Well, basically, I mean, you're violating Florida sunshine law. You have to follow law. But you know, you know, you know, something that's, I'll take what you say on the face of it. It's well and good. But the fact is, let me say it again. Once they started counting, just like, Howard, look what happened, Howard. Well, that should have been all the balance. Howard changed their mind two or three times. Right. And finally, when they decided to do it, they went to our right shoe. They went day and night and thanks to them. And I guess what they got done in plenty of time. And here's the total and as many of the spirit of my power today, the answer is no. This is 560, 2AF position from a Neil Roger show. Sports radio, 560, 2AF. And this is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Everyone on this diet for two months, no, I've already lost 22 pounds, man. It's the ultra blow fast diet. If you're high eat, ultra blow fast meal for breakfast and once for lunch. And five minutes later, I'm blowing chunks, really fat. The wonder of losing weight. And then I sit down to our sensible dinner. And all I have to do is think about the ultra blow fast, go in the gas room. And I lose my appetite right away. Ultra blow fast, the blow chunks, real fast. 27,000, the 550 crew, we got to hang them up at two. Guardian, Gain Knight, and Hard Rock, F-60, Rock Knight. Her crew and Zepath, is 7 o'clock pig game game time at 730. Eddie K. F. The hockey game. New Mexico elections officials yesterday issued a conditional certification of Al Gore's winner in that state presidential contest, pending a final review of the spew the ballads in one county. Guess who's been spewing the ballads? The Republicans. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The best people. The same people who say, Whaaat, whaaat, what do you cry about? So lose your men. Whaaat, they're all crying about the Mexico. I'm looking at how stupid this is. The state-candishing boards had worse 483 vote margin. Would not be certified to the mall Thursday. After a judging Roosevelt County can review the status of 570 disputed ballads that were not counted for either candidate. Republicans said that 10% under vote in Roosevelt County was significantly higher than another in the Mexico County's an act for another check. Where is the check? But you do understand, keep keep the math in mind. The 570 disputed ballads. Who was that by 483? The only votes of the 530 bush would have to win to overtake the 483. About 530, I think it's like 52728, about 530 out of 570 votes. Is there any chance it's going to happen? Is there a kind of chance in hell? It's going to happen. No. But just to be on the safe side, they still want to recount. Ah! For no extra goes big fat 5 electoral votes. So like I said, a million times when the shoes and you have the weapon that they all say, if the circumstances were exactly reversed, if it was grew ahead by 537 votes in Florida, you could bet your bottom dollar. They would be screaming and hollowing and carrying on just the same way that our crafts would win right now. There is absolutely no difference. And once they must keep in mind, they hate each other like poison. It's not just bush against the war. But it's the bush people. It's bigger and channey. And all of poppabushes people against Clinton war. I mean, go as far as I'm opinion. It's the 8 years of Bubba. It's Bubba that they hate. That's why we had to spend $70 million of your tax payer money. And push it down the toilet with penis gays and travel gates. And every other guy named Gapethead that they try to come up with. And still couldn't make it work. Night water and black water and the brown water from the canals and Amsterdam. Yeah. For my school level toilet. They hate each other like poison. And don't ever forget it. Here's your field. Hello. Yes sir. The one thing we have going for is that David Boyz is on a hot wall with a wich with his litigation. Yeah. I don't know if you know if you want this tremendous or satisfaction and because of the war. So we got some of these in Christ's. About three four months ago. Mm-hmm. We're just completely kind of whole all world upside down. Where you know, a broke up of an athlete. Right. You have someone who's just a brilliant brilliant. And don't forget Bill Gates. He brought that message to his knees. Yeah. So you know, we here's on a tremendous role. And that's hope it continues. You know, he's got to play a little. If you have anyone to play to. You know, I say. Oh, God. That's right. Yeah. And one guy called somebody of Kafka. 560, 5060. Look at the fact that they're just playing in here. Look at this. Just craft and more craft. All I'm going to say is that continue moving light years at our society. The Dutch takes steps to make assisted suicide legal. How? As a pro, it's like the British people. Remember to comment he may have wanted to baits. I don't know. Not what the comment about assisted suicide. You know, but helping me all the way to end their lives premature, they're always bullcrant. So that's all I care about. Is the unborn fetus and the old people that want to die? That that's the only life that they care about. Anything in between that. It's like, yeah, who cares? Big joke. One maker is in the Netherlands often in the Vanguard of European social change voted yesterday. They're nation the first in the world or doctor assisted suicide is legal. A youthful nation war underwear and it's too bad because this fact's didn't come out right. There's worth missing. Under which the considered something dying person but then with days is granted. Has there something else in the mature society? Isn't going to be gratified the rest of that page? Maybe somebody will refax it to me. A patient will have to make the request voluntarily when a sound mind is being sent by the independent and servants of the country. Doctors are not supposed to suggest suicide is an option. But if they want it, well, there you go. Next. If you know what people are civilized, they're not the people of the government. People are going to barbarians in the rude and obnoxious and the food sucks. But other than that, it's a great country. I think it's good though that I point those things up because I'm not going to with rose colored glasses on. Now let's go in the red rose. Now she won't go there. No. She would just like rub it on her cheek. Hey, what's the money now? Yeah. You're not fooling anybody. Okay sweetheart, you're not fooling anybody. All these beards that you're wasting all that money. You could be far fine for this class out of real airline instead of wasting money. Shut up on all these beards around. We know you're collar one on your hands and knees and looking at glory. Orals and hanging out in the goddamn dark room at the adonters. There's nothing wrong with that. Only 24-0 at 5.50 QAN. This is 5.60. You way out. Get the best of kneel watches. 2,000. Just go to his next music store near New York. The QAN dot com on the net. Well, that's a mean you. 2,000 with braids. Like so, Paul Jones. We got a new nose. That down the past, though. I just said, who could forget the kneel watches keychain. It breaks down the fence. It breaks the motion in the basket. That's the American fucking way. Those times are classic. The best kneel watches 2,000. 1,3,056. You ain't hand. That was a 2-hour bludgeon. Wow. Hey, how you doin' Colin? I got a little clip of the credit and I'm the amount of free. This is my...not slated blue, women address. I know a few girls in September, pretty hot, but they always made a copy of that girl. You're not. They used to wear makeup and with the white pants, the one that went with the leather under my shirt. Who are you? You're a fake, you're a fake, you're a fake. So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose. That's known in President's eyes. I'm not. Well, you're a man, a man of you got the courage, and that's how you're a man of you. Well, I'll break your heart. So, that's not the thing, we're all in the middle of the night. That's known in President's eyes. And I'm a man of you, we're still all in the middle of the night. I'm like you and I'm a little bit more beautiful. She had a tight break heart, and she kept on her son. And after she escaped, she was barely the moment. She got herself the white doll, and I'm a Tommy Tag. But she's still as ugly as a hockey club. Who are you? I think that's a fake. Who are you? I think that's a fake. So, Linda Tripp got some surgeries. That known in President's eyes. You got the right, but if you got the tattoo, never ever ever. Yeah, I think you're alright. But they won't give me a lot better than that. That known in President's eyes. I think that's a fake. I think that's a fake. But everybody, I'm not this big girl. A fake chunky girl with a perfect right. That damn job does never give me a lot. Levels make me a million bucks for a new one. I call it a little chamber one. How does it go? What? It's a fake fake. What? What? It's a fake fake. You're an American. You lost 40 pounds. That known in President's name. Well, you got a really good of you. And now I get the wrong way off the gear all right. The bag empty. It won't get a middle of night. All right. I know the best name. And I know the best. I'm like the best boy. And I'm like the best boy. I just got the right honor card. No offense, but I play that road. I play with Gettard. When she gives birth, I'm like her arm scrunching hat. Make a wing. And an ass to my chum-dow. I'm a fake fake girl. I'm like she's a fake guy. So Hillary, you're going to be a son of her from the yard. Not knowing cash. No. Well, you got the right honor. You got the chance. I'm like the worst. But I can never get my money. Or I'm alive. But no, the best name. Like you. That is my favorite woman dress. I love you. Like you here, this from the Boston Globe. Now that Hillary Clinton's been elected as New York's move to a senator, how about this for sure more dancing follow-up. The old Clinton is the next mayor of New York City. A woman's been floating along for a few weeks at President Clinton once his term expires. Mike Kinger shot at running in the city's November 2001 mayor role action. Yesterday, the idea I do took on added conversational value of not actual currency when it appeared as the main item in New York premises political gossip column in the New York Post. White House spokesman Jake Stewart asked about his de-romo at his daily press conference report. He already has the second toughest job in America, so widely he wants to first. Hillary Clinton appearing at ABCTD's Good Morning America to promote a new book about the White House. Last off the notion. That's not going to happen, you said. My husband is looking forward to a change of face in a different kind of life without her. Nevertheless, the idea of both Clinton serving New York as soon as it's a break sign for many people here. Even Peter Falon speak of the city council's announced his own intent as running from air city yesterday. They would be New York's ultimate power couple. I hope he runs from air of Boston instead. A top aide in one of the Democratic hopefuls of last not to be identified. He said he wins in a heartbeat New York City was him. How do you like that? I say blow jobs for everybody in New York. Here's the fact that since after and we already have been through this but it can never hurt because it's confusing. After massive absentee ballot fraud during the 1998 mining mayors race. Anybody remember that one? The Florida legislature passed the statute making an illegal to request an absentee ballot for a third party. Unless you are in his immediate family or his guardian. Violation of this law is a third degree felony. So it is pain and civil. We've had that on before. George had an on-laws on vacation. I'm reading it too because somebody was nice enough to factor this reminder again. That's the law. Violation is a third degree felony as in within F. Here's Miami. Hello. There you go. Yes sir. Are you doing the right? You think I want to point out how strong the W is. If you want to come press conference here they have a nice claim you're victory. You go well. We're in the weekend now acquired Florida's electoral votes to give us the needed requirement. Then he's trying to do the bad math in his head. He realized he didn't know how much he actually had with Florida's 25. So he goes, let's give us the needed electoral votes. Yeah. Do you do anybody get that by the pan? Yeah sir. Well he may be so busy looking petrified and terrified and just start look ghostly. And another thing, this man not be so anti-ambortion act the law. That's why. Hello. Hello, Stinger. He's a button. That's like an entire whole lot of abortion. Okay. All right. We'll be there. We'll come over here. We'll be the first one he's had in the fingering. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, more in doubt. Got a great column with several people. Thanks to the Nick. I guess I might as well read it tonight. Because it's so damn good. Choose the best. President, the elect question mark. Many of me has not yet started knowing on his cat as the Austin Powersman. He needed the hell as Mr. Bigger's worth. But, W. starting to weird me out. Why is that kind of sort of chief executive delirman on his own total pull? We move that as political man is told him stuff only on a needy no basis. But, not because of the guy that's second delay from the White House, we learned that his hand was deal with him on a needy not to know basis. Last week in Austin, I wanted to be president George Bush, miniature clone of president George Bush, happily told reporters that Dick Cheney had had no heart attack. The hospital, the Cheney family and Mr. Bush's press aid, killing Hughes, Wilburton, Mr. Cheney had that money undergone a heart procedure, but Mr. Hughes did not tell us to a boss before he spoke so closely and ignorantly about Mr. Cheney's condition. When the election ended, many of me was shocked that he had not won an alliance ride. It's right to just apparently a failed of informant that things were getting tight. Just as they hadn't heard in that he was cratering in Muhemshire. Did they not trust him of the information purring he might get cranky? President's getting, obviously, insulated in the White House, for this boy's in a bubble before even gets to the overbubble. Sure, Al Gore, aka Monsieur Tussau, is an insufferable maniac for detail who hick delegating his engineering every move in Florida. Like Ahead, who so concerned with absurd attempts to prove he's actually won Florida by nine votes, and one friend described him to the AP and sung his suborage as a lost soul. But many of these things lost because he isn't concerned that I've put naming down implying his presidency. The grown-ups keep sending him off to play. They know he doesn't like messes, so it doesn't do serious stuff well. And he can't follow up answers except to be fully protested James Baker has been truly an operator. So if first of all, then go full around at the ranch or go to the gym for three hour workouts, while they take care of complicated stuff like the Supreme Court and the Trump Law of Transition, while they try to restore Poppy's White House to its original glory, and as lovingly as though it were at the Vinci's last supper. The usual case would have been for Dick Cheney to go to all the funerals in George Bush to do all the works as Romament, or former Clinton vansor, but it's turning out the other way around. Cheney needs a patient's bill of rights. Mr. Cheney was the most reluctant of campaigners, but now we're in the Cheney ascendancy. The Bush came hurried him out of the hospital bed of the microphone because they know he sounds reassuring and mature. During the campaign, W. had a swag or a John Wayne punch from your pose, but now when it comes out to face the cameras, he blinks and shrinks looking tremulous and frightened, drove by American flags. He struggles to exude authority. He froze his brow trying to look more sedacious, but he ends up looking as if he has ended gestion. A parent confused in his own speech, he seemed like a first-grade actor in a production of James and the giant peach, or his blinks more scour for all man, don't let that tell a pop-up break. Republican sangly compared him to Ronald Reagan, but at least President Reagan had to get to reassurance before the camera. It's telling that CNN's candy-college who covers the Texas governor is not only better on TV, but much harder working in better informed and are subject. Killing he was tried to make many media pierce statesman like by saying that, while no four-on leaders had called it congratulated W, he had placed a call that congratulated the setty fox and is upcoming uncluttered in our direction as President of Mexico. Whatever he seems cowl, W claims to the spread of the nation's affair. As yesterday, while many media had retreated yet again to the wake-away ranch, Mr. Setty was a tranquil place where it's easy to do some ticking and reflecting. Nice try, many media is not proud of the brandles. W does not seem to grasp that the president can't delegate the presidency itself, of course his AIDS might not have told him that yet. Wates marine doubt in the times. Nice try and marine. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. youtube. W. W.. Keeps up. OK. 26 percent az on only Mighty Knives gave $9.6% aire  29 percent. M22 has barely 6 percent. It flies away on 90 percent. In two years of the experiment is coded? I'm sure you go in. I think that once we passed out law, we should get the K&A one way ticket to the Netherlands. But he's back. Not a bad idea. I think he needs a assist to do. Uh huh. Anyhow. And there looks like from a more in-doubt column than I just read. Maybe the Bush people will help him give him a helping hand right in the ground. Uh huh. And we'll all help. Uh. I did hear. I was watching a horrible last night. And uh. I did hear something about. Uh. The request of the Democrats had. The Republican Congress said there was a computer glitch. And that's why they didn't have their voter ID numbers printed on the ballot. And the Democrats did. And that's just a technicality and the vote. And the vote. Well, what is the first of all wasn't the ballot? It was the application that they're talking about. Not the ballot themselves. Right. The application. Yeah. And the ballot on their head of time. Well, don't confuse them with the ballot. No, no, no. What are you saying? You can. Uh huh. Just watch him. They already did it. Uh huh. Well, that's what the- that's what they were saying. Yeah. I was who knows. You know, who knows what we're hearing. Sure or not. But uh. Well, you just wait till that blackboard up there that judge him. No, we're on county. She's going to straight near that side on that. I'm going to see what he said on the ballot. We didn't got for all of all. Okay. Got it. Great thing. What did he say? Anybody know what he said? We've been watching too much. Well, five, six, seven, five, sixty. Palm five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line out of town. Open line. Let's go. They don't give a crap. We're going off in five minutes to anywhere for an hour. 877, 785, 6345. Here's Pompau Beach, huh? Oh, yes sir. Listen to that, you know, Bush started this thing. I get to court in Florida. By saying we have separation of powers. This was a administrative matter. What they, what, what you say to body or anybody. Start holding out the power long, long after they, they shouldn't. The courts have had to, that they, I would like to remind. Governor Bush, anybody else, with their chairs to pursue this. There is, in recent years, very important things. The courts have overturned what the legislature has got. Yes, that's what was broadcast in Florida, education. Yes. For it. Yes, it started with that. Well, within the state of Florida, one man won't vote. Did that come to South Florida, and just one person won't be over course. That's your 1960 seven, huh? Whether, whether the people that won't 60, 60, 60, 40, or even throw it out and they had to re-alright people. Okay, well, that ain't too in coming tomorrow. This is 560, you a, start looking. Okay, trouble one in five, 60, WDQM happy win, D2. Experts say, seven or so, won't jail, Gordon. But this, pretty, article I appreciate all these facts is coming in. Kind of clarifies the situation with those absentee ballots in the application for the same, in Senatoral County. Along for the accused, the Senatoral County supervines of election Sandy Gordon of order for Auditone, that could send a to prison for five years. But if she likely to be prosecuted, no, say, prosecutors in legal experts now. And at this point, it doesn't appear as if anyone wants to prosecuted. Jonathan Abbottie, one of the attorney's suing, who says the goal is not to send Gordon to prison, it's to repair the damage done, as soon as, to ask that all 15,000 seminal absentee ballots be thrown out. Chris White, chief of operations at the state attorney's office in Seminal said two day, that a criminal complaint has not been filed against Gordon, based on his reading of the law. He's not sure what law she broke. Gordon's attorney down the McIntosh called the allegations outrageous and unfounded. Under state law, if you legal provider or sell absentee votes, it's illegal to mark someone else's absentee ballot. It's also illegal to ask for an absentee ballot if you're not the voter or member of his or her media family. No one is accusing Gordon of anything like that. The suit filed the Vemper 17 by Longwood Democrat Harry Jacobs accuses a following a GOP employee and a G-O-Retta with a allowing a GOP employee and a GOP volunteer to work out of her office for forms. The forms were supposed to include voter identification numbers, the GOP operatives wrote in those numbers on several thousand requests. When G-O-Retta received the card, she rejected and sent the missing numbers made that invalid, however she mailed out the ballots once they had been fixed. The lawsuit alleges that was the GOP, not the voters that was requesting the ballot, where does it choose the sending absentee ballot for voters who didn't request them? I certainly don't think this is the crime of the century by any electricity imagine and imagination said Joseph W. Little Professor of Law at the University of Florida's Leaven College of Law, Bush out pulled the girl 10,000 and six to 50 to all nine among the absentee voters in Seminole. If all of them were shown out, that would give girl 4800 vote bounce enough to win the White House. The case was transferred money to the power half of what's not pending in states or if it's court. The Florida Department of Law enforcement agency that investigated many voter fraud claims reports that most cases that result in the rest center on vote buying. For example, five supporters of a Lafayette County Commission candidate were convicted to trying to buy votes in 1984 for $25 in a bottle of whiskey. She had one of the who most people were trying to, the last major vote fraud case in Florida was the 1997 Miami Mayor, or ways some 57 people were charged, four white to jail, maybe the sentence were accused of voting by absentee ballot even though they didn't live in Miami and something they didn't live anywhere. Yeah, because they were dead. Okay, thanks for facting that also here's the new and improved facts on the Dutch show story. Law makers in the Netherlands often in the extreme Vanguard of European social change voted yesterday to make the nation the first and the world heard doctor assisted suicide is legal. A youth and as you know, which is considered the wish of a dying person to put an end to his days as granted has its place in the Church of Society, that's just this Minister Ben Corthel said. Ever seen a youth in Asia, I guess it didn't want to tie land. Meeting in the Hague members of the Law House of Parliament voted 104 to 40 legalizing a teenager provided strict guidelines are observed. Approved by the upper chambers considered assured because parties in favor of the legislation hold a comfortable majority. In effect, the legislation the legislature is merely giving it's blessing to the status of the country. Since 1993 physicians in the Netherlands haven't been prosecuted for giving legal a lethal address to the patient to help them commit suicide, although doing so is a main requirement carries a prison sentence up to 12 years. The legislation will contribute to the Netherlands renown as either a haven of individual liberty and progressive thinking or a society losing it to moral underpinnings depending on one's point of view. That's law makers, for example, have also legalized homosexual marriage a decision personally deployed by Pope John Paul II. And Amsterdam, in Wacaufi shops legally, some marijuana cigarettes and hallucinogenic mushrooms and constitutes openly struck their stuff in the windows of all houses along some canal. Under the new legislation, the physician would have to pass the tape in the first and suffering unbearable and irremediable. Is it irremediable for a physical or metal pain from an incurable condition? Another word they were dying over there. The patient would also need a second opinion in the diagnosis would have to be certified to be a criminal commission on which yet more doctors sit. And that's part of it. They're happy to be a sign of mine. And so one, it also says the doctor would have to know the patient well that would exclude terminally ill-American to other foreigners who might come to the Netherlands and hope the funny release from their suffering. They don't want outsiders coming there to die. How do you like that? Okay, five six out of five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the 18 horizon while this line. That's right. The public hearing that goes on for two hours. People are most of them have been speaking against the legislature stepping in. But they have also heard from experts over the past two days who have argued that they have absolute power under the constitution to step in call a special session and name their slate of electors to be sent December 12th for Washington. So they know. Yeah. Okay, let's take a calling, mobile and form on it. Yes, I mean, all of you should. Yes, I do. This is Mark. I've got some very interesting news about the special session they're planning. Mm-hmm. I think they have a problem. The problem is according to the original 1800s law, is that for a special session to elect a quarter of the electors, it requires the signature of a governor. Right. No, no, no. Just imagine that I have an idea of an idea of finding this, defining his father's president. So I do what they plan to do. I don't think he's going to have the secondary bush to understand. No, they, they plan to ask a new law. What they plan to do is have a special session they're going to update the law. So the governor does not have to find the bill. And then they're going to allow the way on the governor's desk for seven days. So they automatically come to law. Yeah, how the whole thing is that. And we talk about changing the rules in the middle of the game. That's what the Republican keeps saying. How do they do that? They're going to change the law. That's what the planning on doing is they came up, seeing them lose. What do I tell you? A broadless crewman, that's what's going on right now. A broadless crew, right in front of your eyes. There's not something that's what the planning on doing. Thanks for the good. You're looking at my passport, my pocket right now. I'm a squeeze of the status I can. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, 10, 10 and Verizon, what I was flying. And we got people out there that believe. And if our mic was really said that about Katherine Harris to choose, what was it, a hill and American hill and even answer. Yeah. Just pick it up football. Okay, big mouth, Mr. Big Shot. Here's Kalahashi, hello. You'll George, how you doing? Okay. You've got some news for softball, the Democrats. Bush rule one green election, so spend over and take it like a man. Do you have any idea how long this guy waited on? Hopefully that. That course has been on there for like almost an hour. Come tell us, Hashi. And that's one of the Bush people. Yeah. Ben, don't worry, take it like a man. Sounds like the voice of experience to me. Yeah, I like to talk about that a lot. Uh huh. As in. Yeah. Yes, somebody else must be paying this phone, but you don't think? Oh, yeah. Even his past no one is five, 60, WCM. Let me know what your show, sports radio, five, 60, and a few, a half. What the time he told you? I don't know. No, but he's been no good. I'll be back to jail. Uh huh. No, who beat that other, schoo-oo man who takes no money? Um, I don't know. Then let me tell you something, bro. You could have given that money to me. I did not pay, and I am out of the intent. If you were not so stupid, I would say for around chicken bones and kind of extra spirit of estero. I've got you, be so fine. Help me experience the benefit of your credit card breathing and help subsidize the ever growing telemarketing industry that cater to the unimportant negro for only 69 a second. I will tell you what you want to hear and less than you already know. Oh, no. To get free. Go to the day phone at your local check hatching store and dial 1-800. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. That guy has all Cuban shows a green tooth owner that the hook is focused on. Anybody want to buy some magnesium? I'm not making it about magnetna brain at birthless. 560, 50, 2560 on the 1810 for a copper bracelet. Yeah, anybody that would do that. Yeah. I think people will put like, that it can solve the issues. People will hang dead chickens under their mother's eyes. Here's four buyers, hello. Oh, no. Yes sir. Yes sir. My look back in past and I can learn the goose step. But I'm worried about you and the heaps over there. Yeah. Do you know who pressed God Bruce was? Do I know who he won? Yeah. George Herbert Walker's grandfather. Yeah. And he helped finance eight oxythros through the hearing confines. Uh huh. You need to be aware of this. Uh huh. Because they're going to be watching guys like you. Okay. I hope they have a good time. Thanks. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. I'll tell you those people that you got over there on the west coast. I mean, you really got to say something. Where are they? Where are they cranking them out? What kind of fact were they going to work there? Stamp them in the north? Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and provides the wireless wine. 20 more blinds. That one of a sudden they must be all turned over to what's his name. So they can get the real objective view point of all those good stuff that's going on. I frankly am looking forward to going to the hockey game tonight. You can get away for three hours from all those crap. See, I'm just saying shock over the result of this problem today. And the better than I took it. What's the reason events was most compelling to you. There's Bush girl election 143. OJ 1249. Ali on 23. And Monica slash penis gate O. 21. I just don't get that. I don't understand it. Just like I don't understand anybody voted for Bush any else. Something. And this is this was before the election when we were sitting here. Pukin Ardhatsha and then election day and then days immediately afterwards. And now since that come back from vacation. And still haven't I one person telling why they voted for Bush. Now one. Here's Krippa Shridi. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Are you done? I got a couple of things I want to talk about. You know I've been listening on the TV there saying that whoever Bowser gracefully did time will be in the position for the next next election for years. Yeah, I mean. Yeah. Well I just have been to say I voted for Al Gore because I'm a yellow dog. But I think you ran the most pathetic campaign. I've never seen it. I've never seen it. That's right. First of all he doesn't understand what it means to attack. And he didn't attack this guy. How about the nice job that Lee Ruman did attacking the Cheney when you said back like He were having a social. But he offered him a couple of babies. And how about like a couple of like a bear. So before the election. Gore gets those kids that Bush has been convicted of a DUI. And he does not use that. I mean, do you want to kind of guide the military? They got sucked in by this whole media thing about who is going to be a Veeer perceived as Veeer attack bombs. He's going to first be perceived as the mean guy. Which of course was all a polygraph? What needed to be done was expose this guy for the moron and liar in the Drunk that he is and it refused to do it. And now the panel, what did you find for it? Right. And let me tell you if Gore doesn't win this election. Because he'd come high won't. I would not run him against Morton Dauy, Jonnier. Right. I would not have walked at thousands of the Democrats. I run against Robert Downey, Jonnier. I would really be upset with him. And he has no future. He doesn't want to think if he can't win with Gore Clinton. Yeah. And his can. If he can't win with the economy, the way it was. If he can't do it like that, he needs a little bit of weight. Okay, pal. Well, thanks for your time. Okay. So. And that was just your Robert Downey, Jonnier. He's not in trouble again. Oh, Christ. What a surprise. And at Jonnier, you see. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Throw the right-risk place you're looking to the possibility of picking electors. Oh. Oh, yeah. Over our dead bodies. Here's White House point. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing there? Yes, sir. I got a question for her. First of all, is that that's the bulletin? Is this going? Yeah. So what he did, right? Well, is he? Yeah. All right. Well, I got to wait a set of this whole thing. We're going to hold you to the base. And it's got a good, good bearer. We're going to have a nice live and go out for most of the hours. We're on new president. Okay. I'm not bad. And if you don't want to be a can't you, up maybe you're using fill in. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Dr. Jackie still wrote cool on the children. I don't know. Yeah. Something to think about. Well, maybe he just ought to get his passport. He walked on to the arm. Okay. And he could practice over there. I'm dying over here. Yeah. Here's the lady, Marble and Miami. Hello. Hi, me. Yes, man. Hi. I'm one of the few females right here who are called today. We don't have any women. Only when it's, uh, ethnicate. Anyway, I am a die hard Democrat. I worked on our George, horse campaign with a Democratic party of the Tony. Uh-huh. The whole thing is making me sick thinking that this week is going to be our next president. Which as you said, is probably going to happen. However, what everybody is saying and what I think is going to happen is this. This is going to be an illegitimate presidency. The economy, as you see, is not reacting right along. I don't think it will be reacting well. And sometimes I think, well, it's just going to be a miserable four years. What it be under a damn Republican as opposed to a Democrat. I'm speaking of the economy that we're acting very well. One of the most bizarre and the most pathetic excuses I heard for, you know, speeding up a clock and running out, calling it in the beginning of the game was when Baker was like days ago, was going on. This was like the first day or two after the, you know, the all the legal stuff started. And he comes down and says, oh, well, the world markets are not reacting well. And they're in jeopardy with all the uncertainty. And therefore, a stock market ticket and stuff. So therefore, hurry it up and just give it to us. Well, the one, the one, the one, the time to do it now for a nice look at the year. It has nothing to do with that. And that's ridiculous. So it's just a way to public in sync. So not to mention they will say anything to get this election. And that's the way it is. But I feel for our grower and nothing I wanted to say is when I came home after working that night for the Democratic party and, you know, casting off my vote down the Democratic line. And what, what they announced, tried on when it comes water for the Democrats, it was like 720, 3, I think, our number. 750. So it was done, 15. 750. 10 minutes to late. I think it was a little earlier than that. I remember watching a brocott in like 720, 3. But what I saw was number one was a little early. And that was a little straight. But then, actually, how can I thought, they did this based upon exit polls. Okay? Clearly, if exit polls were correct. And they probably were correct and probably tired because of the Morapa happening there. We all know, you know, we all know what was voted. The exit polls were probably right. And that's, I think, very important that I don't think anybody's ever brought up. They do the science of it. I brought it up many times. I brought it up many times. I brought it up to the after the election. That's probably a pretty hard way. I thought you had to get the polls. You had to get the polls. You had to get the polls. You had to factor in fake ballots in the exit polls. They don't actually want to. Absolutely. And my point is the exit polls are new. As you just said, the exit polls were correct. And if the total beatings have happened, obviously, you know, the exit. The exit polls show the world of people. They, they, they elect the results. Obviously did not. Okay. Well, they still refer and squared. Don't forget it. Exactly. Bye bye. Bye bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. We got that. Kord, up. We got the a black judge up there. That's broad. We got the, the ball headed judge with all his jokes and limits and, Cornporn humor. He's kind of good. And we got the, uh, said the US Supreme Court. And what actually going to get here is in an audio tape. When they finished the oral argument, he say, all scored scored, not that kind of oral. But they finished the oral argument. They're going to be so good. I don't want to see them because first of all, they don't want to see the fact that the just is ranked post-words that read, it says the black low, but the other just is. He wears the red one with a swastika on the front. And they don't want to seek, uh, to seek clearance. Time is spoken on a do-be in a while. You're sitting there, you're liberating all these. I would just not go over well. You know, trying to hump those angry day or comment. It just wouldn't look to, uh, I don't know, to digital. But we are going to get here the audio tape. Am I going to be listening to that? No, no way. Just get it over with. That's what I say. Get it over with. Get onto something interesting, which this is not. Are you can't say that? I just did. I just did. It's coming. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. You're gay. Wow. That was great. What a poor reading that was. You're gay. Yeah, you see the difference. You can't even do it well. Sure. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, on the AP and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town, better to do it now. That's the worst coast. Those those pictures over there. George Women Walker, uh, Yahoo, Preston Bush, Preston, uh, Preston Robinson. We still haven't got a call, but whether he's dead or a line, Preston Robinson. How about Steve Bailey? Anybody know what he's dead or what? Oh, anybody care? Oh, come on. Let's get with it. Here's a motor in Bokha. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to ask you about something that I noticed it's been some sort of, or I least allegedly some sort of camporing with the Semhal County, um, with their ballots there. And I heard from this morning about, what was the question of camporing with the ballots? There was a question of the authenticity of the applications for the apps and feedback. Okay. Whether they're meeting requested by real living and reading people, what did we publish and publish just manufactured them and then filled them out and uh, use them for, uh, advantage. Okay. Now, is that different of what happened in Martin County? I heard a little bit about that on the radio this morning. Do you hear anything about that? Now, somebody called about that. What do you remember what they said about that? I can't keep trying to talk. Okay. What I'm with the Martin County, right? And it's that when people are sending their application to get the apps to keep dollars. Yeah. If it didn't have the border ID member on there, the Republicans in that office through Katie independent and the Democrats. Okay. And I'd like to say, the same thing is what happened in Semhal County. Same for me. I don't mean it's this. Now, that's just that's up north. Who are going to be ruling on there? Yeah. And if she wrote in favor of, like, say, the working, right? Take away 4,000 votes from the, uh, from the board. And then the Bush people will appeal to the Florida Supreme Court and I'll say, to them and that'll be it. And they do that before December 12th and over turn. Well, of course, she's here in that right now. That's going on as we speak. They're having a hearing on that Saturday, I believe, on that one. Okay. You think to me, well, if you get to that lawyer for the Democratic side, let's say, I'm thinking, I'm pretty good evidence. So it looks like it's not over yet, man. Well, that's a thing, song where the boys be. That's the Democratic thing, song and chorus is here. It seems to be working pretty good so far. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the AT&T and twice in wireless line. I mean, those of you who really are keeping track of all of us, I come in you. I mean, I was away for 10 days and yes, it was on CNN and on CNNBC. It was on my satellite issue, but they're not so close to this. But I just, I don't have the constitution for it. Not that constitution. Now, I just, especially with my IBS, with my grid, with all those other, back, although I do feel a lot better today. Thank you for asking. That's why I said it as soon as it came on here because I know nobody cared. I mean, this is the time when nobody cares about the crap. So I came on and said, because I give a crap. I feel a lot better. And those Greg had a smile on, look who really found his purse. You know, it's how they all been running around since I came back yesterday morning even though what's his name? Yeah, no repair. Oh, he's still alive. He looks like he might still live. We can still look a little more or a can shot of our cash cow. I think hand-catter some out of yesterday. I think being fat is not worth that, you know. Being fat is not worth that. You could all of these things. All of these go testing you start coaching and clapping and then you start splashing a lot in the water and non-getts all upset. Yeah, you know, this is going to take on those days. I'm going to the house for lunch tomorrow. And you know what I'm taking? A bowling ball. Yeah. I'm just going to bring it in like in a case, you know, over. I'm up to simply behind my back. When I kind of like walk in sideways, when I switch in sideways and the were front door. Pick it up bowling ball and drop in that baby right in the water. Oh, my God, I'm not. You're crazy person, mom. You're crazy. And don't be making no 30 course lunch tomorrow either lady because I got this, I did it over here. Okay. I just want to be talking to our friends that we're not going to throw the water anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got some open lines here for you. We got 261 votes on our fourth. They're all whipped up about this. Am I whipped up about it? No, I'm sick of it. Here's a cracking truck, okay? Get ready for a show that will have the critics talking. Check out that video. It does throw it out nicely. Oh, gosh. I think it won't go out of each other at the ground. Oh, and I'd like to give him an outcome out of the water. I'd like to say, you know, I don't want to get this. You know what he's like? Oh, gosh, look at the twerth ball. He watched tonight's. How 30 to 5, 60, WQA and 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Plantation, you know. Here we go, he'll. Yes sir. What's up, dude? What's up, dude? How are you? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's it?  I was like we're peering out on this today. Maybe this whole thing is right now even on the 40 degree this was like a beginning and the ball time yeah. I think that's a bad day music. Yeah. Oh I'm speaking to that. Speaking of music. You know that the little trips into your so British spirit and can't even well I will say Billy Piper from England blows her away any day of the weekend if you saw her you degree with me. But anyway all the British spirit people are out there who allegedly is going with that Justin from my instinct. They have got and the good news is over there in Europe the back street boys are bigger than all hell or as song is number one in a lot of places. In stinky don't say maybe once in a blue moon very very weak which is good news. But anyway they have two versions of their new video in state what is in espanel and I had the in this portion I think was the last thing that we were there to see the beginning of it. This Justin I think his name is Justin Kimberlake is and that is in folks like a butterfly he makes me look like hercules. Seriously he makes Nick Carter look like hercules. That's what a food cake this guy and this guy is going to believe he's doing the Britain. Yeah. Right. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. That is a dough nail. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. I think you can have really great to all this George was awesome. Yes we are. I agree you have been very beginning you said was you know if you push win find the cap stand booth. But I think actually the people that ate off down there and they had to stop the voting. The interesting thing is it always is that you know you're suggesting voting corruption and big charity said. They think that you know the key saying we'll go give up when you're going to give up the interesting thing is that the push people will give up as nothing. They will not stop that anything. That's why I keep saying by hooker by crook on the run the crook part just like Alan Duscher would said about sort of secretary of bush. 5.6705.635.680 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. So the reason that my poor today is coming out the way that it is is the old J thing and the early on thing too. I think there were more women who were hysterical about both of them because the women said homomorph to the old J trap like a soap opera day after day. And if you had even a reasonable memory you would be called back in those days earlier this year when we actually had an audience where we had all these onions of women calling and I mean one after another all whipped up one more day about Ellie on Ellie on Ellie on Ellie on Ellie and mostly across the Cuban haters. They are bilingual crowd with shady paten or leftovers. But since we don't have those people listening anymore because we're not talking about something that you know has to do with their ethnic hatred or we're not showing them up in the pool. Because I'm sure that if there were being honest that the OJ and the Illian thing would far super seed in their minds the abortion world deal here. Just soap opera. Here's a mobile call spring. Hello. Here we go. Yes sir. You know I agree with the caller if you call back saying how the Democrats totally polluted this whole thing. I mean they could have theories of this guy and they should have. And that's embarrassing that we said. Again a number one of them had to say what I had to do with candidates that would help. Yeah well that would help too. The biggest thing that I and I really have in their people picture about this is the way that we vote is so antiquated. Yeah. I mean that would outrage us me. I mean I saw the United only once talking about that. But I don't understand. The guy who invented the machine who captured those folks came out five years ago and said the machine is highly flawed. Right. And at the time they told them all no no no no no it's fine. Those machines need to be flown out. Thank you much error involved in that. Yeah. And here that we should never have another relationship. Anything that begins in this country using paper baller for the end of the year or so. I'm just as acceptable. It's a growth pass. I mean I voted. I voted in 1979 in Juan, Palo Baman, the middle of the south. And I was in a booth. The end of the year. You're full of rubber and you flip the switch. Right. But only vote for one entity. You can pick your nose. No one saw you. You flip the switch and you were done. Mm-hm. I mean in Alabama we have you stupid. So I think it's absolutely not outrageous me more than anything else. The good thing is that Bush will get in there and we'll see what a moron he really is. Yeah, but I already know that. Well I do too. And I can't believe that this country would have put this easy. Well once the money penalty wish there will be for the first call from somebody to tell us why they voted for Bush. We're still ready for the first run and it's two weeks in a day after the election. Well I mean I have friends that are that have got that voted for them because they see all that that see is going to be good for their businesses. Look at the economy guys. Yeah. Yeah. Look at the stock market right now and it looks like Bush has probably got a given. But look at where the next deck is 27. I'm going to wait down here. I've been here to be like that. Well, you know happy Arnaca and like a happy Chinooka. Okay. Spin that Dreadal Heart. Yeah. That's the only thing that changed Baker isn't spinning his the Dreadal. Not yet. I'm going to get those. That thing. You wait. Yeah. That's what he said. Okay. Here I'm going junior. Five every two of them together. Five six seven, oh five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget we have less than 100 of those best of the old key change for a planned parenthood. Yeah. And the only way you're probably going to get him unless the yellow goes out again someday, which I have my doubts. But unless that happens, you're going to get him is by getting our website and your Roger is.com order your right off the there. And also your best in the new season because that which you can also buy it's specs. I just mentioned that because we ought to be doing a hell of a lot better than we are. I'm putting birth to the folks. Here's Tom Hopkins who's pretty embarrassed with the whole state. I don't. Happy belated birthday six. Thanks. How's your living doing? Um, if large. Yeah. Getting larger all the time. Yeah. Yeah. At least in, um, I feel like I was putting Georgia said it's got it's like Oliver Stunnell and we're going to have a story up for us before long. Yeah. I just got five and a half on movie coming up. Oh, is it shovel and cocaine home by the. No. Standing with the anyway, what I'm getting at is. Well, don't tell forget to do some over for W. You were talking earlier about the paid people. I, I, I freelance of that, uh, a couple of days up and West Palm. Most of those people that they hired and some of the folks that showed up were really mean spirited bush supporters. Right. There was a, oh, isn't that redundant? Like, good point. It was a, I talked to a woman, uh, a black woman up there who was this poor souls. The only person up there, uh, of any color, really. And she just, uh, homemade, gore and libreman deal gone. And he's people who just, ragging on her like they won't come with. Yeah. And I, and it's only so job. And it's a free country letter. Speak in a really good set person to house. It's awful. But when I'm getting at it, why does George W call his vice president, secretary, and he calls Jim Baker, Jim. I mean, both secretary, they both real powerful people. Yeah. They're terrified. I mean, you were saying earlier, it from the point. Maybe he and Junar titan. Wow. Maybe they take showers together. Well, it's just like the, um, if you were a number of the whole business of, uh, at I O D with a stomping births and we're off to the Middle East, then along the tip of bush administration to figure out what they were going for. Yeah. But it's got to be on the way they do a knowledge, if they want it. Yeah. And I went, and partying I was saying that I actually spoiled my ballad in, in Broward. I just went back and got another one. And I didn't even put it back in this vlog. They just punched the numbers. Really? Yeah. Because I, nobody's ever told me who made these ballots under what contract would it stay? They all didn't match. At least mine didn't. And Pamela. Mm-hmm. So that's another thing that very few people are talking about is that a lot of these, the machines that you stuck, you know, that you stuck a ballad in, they didn't match up with the holes. No. No. And people are trying to make it out like, well, you know, these simple chads, what kind of weaklings, what kind of law. Well, the fact is that if it didn't match your plate, it wasn't going to get perfected all the way to you. So you have it all. And do you have any idea how foolish I felt when I punched the number, and I said, it's nothing guy I wanted. And I punched the second one. But this is definitely what I wanted. Yeah, I'm a kid used to work at IOD. Well, I'm coming. Don't forget time. Florida sucks. You got a big boy. I'm a little bit. Now is that Costa Rica. Really? Yep. Okay. Have a good time. But say how to fill the bugman. Okay. When I, you never told me the real story about full of bugman. I guess you, you don't want to tell me. I'll tell you, I'll tell you. Okay. I'll sort of stay about here. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. See, I used to said that and claimed mine's a good one and no. Love will see. Or we don't know who he is. Yeah, they do. But Neil Roger shows sports radio, 560's. You a- Yeah, push. I got the ball. We're a- Well, I don't got who wanted this puppy. We- Do they run ball world family? The bush and the sea? We won't dare. I can't stay. Go to the ball. Who is? He's a little brother. He's not a little brother. He's not a little brother. He's a little brother. You're the brother, see. That is broken brother. In the president's room. Really? Got a doubt. You're the big brother. Push. I'm not a- Who's that to prove? You're the big brother. Yeah. I'm not a- You're the- All night. Making jail. All the right. All the good. All the good. He's the little brother. He's the little brother. He's the little brother. He's the little brother. He's the little brother. All right. I'll just see you last night. They cornered him. A serious evening news. And he said he got all of the fence. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I mean he's all over. I mean he's got a big gun and pack up all your cameras. And I'm going to have to be here for another hour. How about many years? What is it? Two more years? He's going to be governor here and believe me. It's only going to be two, and I'll just go back to that. He's got two chances. None and much, much less than none. Are you sure positive? No chance. Bye-bye, Jeb. Wither without big brother in there. Of course, he'd have another thing. That's another reason I guess we could get the big brother in there. They don't have to worry about being governor, about being secretary of Bush because they're eliminating her position anyway. For opposition? Yeah. She's going to be the ambassador and Jeb is going to be up there being some of the big shots somewhere, you know? The important. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Yes, hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. First time caller and I'd want to let you know that I survived a thing giving half of how with my radical Republican appearance. Really? Yes, I just got the opportunity airport and we were able to talk about how to pilot it the whole time, but yet they were able to talk about politics. Hmm. It can be reviews. And I just want to let you know that these are the types of people that are behind the church city version. Some of the radical ideas are being used to opinion and do even know why. They're like, you know, the blind, bleeding, the blind whatever, conservative Republican's mouth, they believe. One of the things that they were really upset about is the fact that Justice Jackson was down here helping the protest. And these, my mother, Kamen, and she said, yes, and Justice Jackson was never really a friend of Martin Luther King. She said, it got famous photo of men for the country. And he was just hanging out there on a balcony just to buy action. Yeah, but he was like, photo of Dr. And then the photo of the police out of here later. Yeah, well, why does things they call them Dr. King? Well, that's all I need to say to you. Okay, good luck with that. I'm looking at you. How do you like that? I've never been able to understand like the James Carville Mary Maddo Nagel in that thing. How people who are not just friends, but I mean, Mary, do each other who are so politically, I mean, I'm an officer at the end of the universe. What kind of a relationship can that possibly be? I'm so clean. Because I don't even want to hang out. I don't want to be near. I don't want to be around. I mean, you know, I have people that I know who are disagreeable. But I'm talking about extreme right wingers, which has become a pretty much what the Republican Party is all about now. And you'll notice the difference. You've got some people running a mile with their growly women, their placards and doing their thing, and hoping that something could happen for them. We'll give them honest count. And then on the other side, you've got this militant hateful, obnoxious, disgusting, bitter. Just like she said, the venom is just ewing from them. Because that's really what he's all about. That's what he represents. I'm not suggesting that 50% of the country or nearly 50% of the people who voted are of that mentality. Because if I believe that, I'm thinking I would come back here. I'd have to, you know, just squeeze that passport real tight and just keep taking money out of the ATM. But so who are all these other people that got stuck in? How is it that couldn't see? What is what's all about? They couldn't see the bush for the forest. How is that possible? Here's a mobile and North Miami, hello. Mobile and North Miami? Well, yes sir. Are you long today? I'm doing great. Listen, I'm a bush supporter and I can help with that here that you said that you won people who have given the reasons why they voted for bush. Well, he's won, yeah. Okay, what is more than you want? That's what the election is, of course, it is. And I think one of the real solutions is, is that a fair awkward quid and, well, let me ask you, it's a punter running out of time? I know. It was punter running this time, I didn't see the name of that. Well, I saw a lot of the questions. So, I thought it was said 3 days before the election in Philadelphia that he wrote for a war was the same as what he said. I was the one who said it was in San Francisco. Number one, not in Philadelphia. Number two, what he said was a joke. He said it would be the next best thing. We're third term of the pun. It was a joke. And I wanted to say it happened to another, that you're expecting a real living and breathing adoptably. That's a reasonable vote for bush. No. But let me tell you another, you want to write you mentioned that. I think there are some people that believe that don't think it was so much of a joke and it thought that that was a true statement. And so, what if it wasn't true statement? Well, let me see it again. He was not a valid. He was, he can't run again. I know that. I realized that. So, why don't you give me a real reason. You're not doing cool also far, sir. Well, let me go ahead. Well, go ahead. Okay. Number one, they're trying to be military situation. That's happening. We're having a depletion of our military resources. The country is the military's over-expended in speech-picking. That's true. You should have no right being in there. No, number two. Is there a lot of messages? How come, what was that all of our NATO allies were paying in our pay in their paying? And that bush is advised, had a send and letters and telegrams. We are sureing them that he wasn't serious about pulling all of the American troops out of NATO in Europe. Wow. And how come it is that, how come it is that, growing in Europe? No, you don't want to have a conversation. I'm not going to waste my time. We went to all of this before the election. Okay? I'm not going to try to convince you now. Who wanted to spend more money for the military? See, Bush, he wants to spend money. I'm Star Wars. We're back to Ronnie Reagan and Papa Bush again all over again. Star Wars. Pioneer Sky. Fantasy. So they're taking $1,000 to $2,000. At the same time, they're trying to take all those big tax cuts. But he really wants to do a take your tax dollars and push it down to toilet. That was good. I'm glad that that's I call. I don't want to get a lot more people like him. Because Clinton said in Philadelphia, which he was San Francisco, and even a was a joke this guy takes it serious. And even if he was serious, what the says it makes? He wasn't running again, sir. What about his penis? He wasn't running again. What about Monica? What about Jennifer Flowers? What about Kathleen Willie? Without any of these people, all these things. This is sad. This is really and truly sad. He can't complain about education in this country because they're so little of it. You have to ring in child outcomes to find it. I mean, I'm no genius. That's obvious. I found that a school because I was doing me drinking rice to brown. But I'm doing okay. But compared to the people I taught to go to, they're at least a grade many of them. Not all, but many of them. I feel like some kind of a suit of intellectual almost. I mean, this guy, if you put a goddamn oze up it, I'm still couldn't give you one valid reason why he voted for Bush. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Pompid OV, Chelo. You like a Messiah? Yeah. That guy. No, I'm not like a Messiah. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. That guy there. That's why I quit the police department. I can't. Yeah. From yourself. This, this has something to do with the election a little bit. Another friend of mine who was still on the police department. He would tell me a story, the quick story about three black guys that got us in trouble. I guess the Robin is being in store when they came out. Black guys Robin can be in store. That's pretty much. Yeah, this is this. This is quick. They came out. They were all on. Let's get the hell out of here dog. And so what happened was, they went to the neighborhood when they stopped and they were free with it and they went up and the police officer got out and said, you guys know anybody named dog. Well, they asked that forward so they've arrested all of them. I think that in a way could help go off because if he gets to these the praying court as far as something like that could happen. Thanks. Ha ha ha ha ha. Who the heck is this? I'm not like that. I'm like that. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Who was the dog's dog? Oh my god. I just can't. I can't continue to. It's like, it's like, I said about waking up last Wednesday night, three in the morning. We're looking good tonight. Three in the morning and Amsterdam. I have this feeling like somebody just started right through the heart. It's a, it's not where my heart is, but you think your heart is under the best phone. And it turns out it was only this, a girl, whatever the hell I do. This irritable, a soft, a geo, a crap, a suggestion. And that's how I, I think you like have mental good from what I'm hearing on this phone today. And of course for the last 25 years, why should Maristana Hallala Haze, why should this show be any different from any other show? He's never Moses asked? Oh yeah. But he was the guy who was going to do his dad there in the show. And of course he had the burning burst of content with. Here's a lady in Palpiddo Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. He's got a couple of good calls. Oh, the best. That judge that hearing that case is seven all? Yes. Did he hear yesterday on TV? She was up for a promotion to a higher court and gets to block the road. You have bush. Oh, how do you like that? Oh, wow. I guess that's just like when the Florida Supreme Court's going to meet a couple hours this afternoon. The Saturday they're going to take on a Palm Beach County Rebooter lawsuit. Yeah. I have a feeling they're just seeing the stars in Florida eyes. You just can't wait for this. That's right. Hey, back as a bitch. Yeah. Up north they got shirts that read SL, ORI, B.U.H. Yeah. That's right. The lead. I don't believe them. Well, we're at least working systems. They had an alien. Oh, I got it. Okay. Two to 94 votes on our survey so far our survey says which of these events was the most compelling to you? We're going to go election 60.8% 179. LJ trial will be 61, 20.7% early on a poverty 29, 9.8% that's because our who you are going anyway. And Monica gave penis gay whatever you want to call it. 25 votes, 8.5% 8.5% 8.5% pretty weak. So obviously, and of course I guess the people who are listening want to hear all about this stuff. I'm going to be the people who have had enough there. I've gone somewhere out to a friend or CD. He's listening to music there. I think what themselves are doing anything else. I've been through for a long time. I've been through for a long time. I've been through for a long time. Even Georgia, there's probably the best song he's ever heard. 256.5.6.6.9.9. That is 560. UAS. 430.560. WAM by M&P or Lodervale. A measly broadcast group station. WTOM.com or the world. Let's use your presence in space. Yeah, I got so much time now, thanks. I don't even listen to that. Neal Rogers, one to pair. It's good. So just answer the answer. And I was concentrating to hear that AT&T is new with calling clear. Like the simplifier calling Edward D. Shethonbele. Who are you again? AT&T. AT&T. You can't call for what? So I'm really about to do with calling clear. You knew it was calling clear. Dis say. Alright. Go ahead. Okay. We have a few AT&T. Like a simple pyrachonbele. If you don't mind me asking. Who? Who? You don't mind me. I'm on the toilet. Okay. I'm listening. Okay. I love this. What's your question again? What kind of lenses is it? Hello. Do you have? Who most use AT&T? I don't know. Okay. So it will be a better time for me to call. Okay. What? It will be a better time for me to call her back. No. You got to talk to me because I have the phone here in the bathroom. And I don't want to get up and hang it up. So keep talking to me. Tell me more about your deals. Okay. So you say, you think you're with the food? No. You say the FCI is for it? What? You say you can deal with FCI is for it? Or APAC? Something like that. I thought like that. Okay. If you don't kind of write your family getting. You prefer to roll it up or do you want it? Okay. So can you go that one more time? I'm making a poopy. Okay. You make a poopy? Okay. You make a poopy? Okay. You make a poopy? Hello? Okay. One or two or five or six is over to QM. So big one. Two. I got a hang stand at Bionob here at 2. With over that his IBS and the soccer deal or whatever this is. It's good. Five, six, seven, all. Five, six, seven, all. Five, six. The two are much better. That's what's going to do it every time. One person I'm going to share with you. And I've got too much or maybe too many of those white hats. Too many of those dropers. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes, man. I need all the stuff. So time call for me. Wait. And I can't even believe I'm doing this. I'm just doing the, the, yeah. Some of the lines that are calling this station. The intelligence. Oh my God. That's our crown. I cannot even believe that these people don't have a mind to see and think and and understand what's going on here. And you wonder why the election turned out like this? Well, it exists. I sometimes got my family when I, when I listened to some of these calls or I hear some of these people talking on TV. It just absolutely got over the mind. I think that maybe the only explanation is that earlier, from other states that they can control the mind. Did you say alien? No, not that. No, no, no, no. I'm really, really sad that. Uh huh. I know it. Well, if you can't get them out of your mind, you know. I sure hope you'll see. And joy is happy me all the day. You were, he probably is. But in, in, in, in event, I wanted to just point out one thing. Um, when we were watching the events and fervent of a lot three weeks at Nazium and the governor of Montenegro showed up. Yeah. I'm like, so if you're going to have to govern a Montenegro here. Well, it turns out that he's considered a, a, a general. Well, he's a sucking off as what it's called. Yeah. And when these people who just do not understand what's going on here, it just, it just, it just amazing. And when one thing, I have a, a plan on doing on my own. I would do my own boat count. And I'm starting a movement here if you voted for Gwer, drive a bit of a heavy life arm because our boat is being buried in Florida. But only after sundown. Nothing. No. That's good. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Five, six, seven, five, six. You see, she was starting a movement. I thought we just heard that bit. It's very sad. Very, very sad. He probably won a state by 150,000 boats I would say. Well, every summer, 50, maybe 2,300,000 boats. Wasn't even that close. But by hooking by crook, you know, 15,000 over here in 4,000 over there. And who got only, well, never know how many in days. You don't never know how many in days. And those of us who live here more than five minutes, we know that there is any election that you can't fix in day counting. Without doing what we expect, we're a good post-person in front of David Lazy. He's a man, so who's your little, little mayor of Pina, Picao. Last time we checked, another can find the David Lazy. You look with the mayor. You're doing it right now. Five, first, we did two hours, another doing it to each other. Five, sixth, seven, five, sixth, eight, pound, five, sixth, on the AT&T wireless one. Here's a lady, mobile on plantation, hello. Hello, how are you? Good. Hi, my name's Sarah. So I've never actually listened to the station before. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, I've heard of the score. I haven't voted in 12 years and moved to New York. And I look at my optimist and everyday watching CNN and all the shows on TV. It really makes me mad about the better side of our, and about, about one not getting the votes you supposed to get in my amnning. So I just want to say, it's actually taking me away from all the work. Because that's the last of everything for sure in the morning. Yeah, well, you know, let me, let me say it again. New York state the post closed there in 9 o'clock at night. And they had every vote in New York counter, which of course has a larger population in Florida about our 45 million people I guess. They had every vote counted in New York before. They had one single vote counted. What does that tell you? Of course. And I didn't even vote when I was in New York. And when I moved here, and I was like proud to vote for go. Because I think this should be like a 60-I-U-S-Coffee house. Yeah. Without being very intelligent. Yeah. And of course, even when we said news cards, they wouldn't let them grab them. Because if you always part out of his mind, I'd like this. Thank you. Everything. He was always a little bit tipsy. Oh, I love it. Never met a bottle he didn't like, never met a feeling alike. We're going to have a rich starting good tired days for years. And they're going to think about that. Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Yeah, good afternoon. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Until you've went outside this. You know, one of the reasons why Republicans can't give you a good reason why they vote. They can't give me any reason because they don't want to give you the real reason. The real reasons are race, religion, and the last one is money. Uh-huh. And let me say something about the fact that you're too. I mean, don't leave me out. Well, that's part of their religion. Oh. Let me say this. The money that Bush is saying that he's going to return taxes, low taxes. You're going to pay up the consumer in utility rights, the rights of utility prices, power prices. Every time he gives you back, it's going to go up 20 cents for your phone, for your heat, and for your electric, and for your gas. Yeah. It's good to have money. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. There are a whole scheme of things. The Democrats want to use money for social programs. The Republicans want to fund all that money back to corporations. By giving it back to the people and then raising the prices. They've been doing that. Oh, Dr. Mulr from Hustle. It's supposed to trickle down. Don't you remember that? Can't you feel it? Oh, yeah. I can feel it. It's for the government. Yeah. Ah, ha ha ha. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. Okay. Okay. Don't trickle too much. I was there. I've been victory-co-doin. I was so castell as he did okay. Superstar now. He'll probably be there too big for us, pretty soon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund. When somebody's made a go about hockey game, then that may be joy-brew. I think he's moving to the depot spot. He's starting to take all those places doing our solid things in between. Pured that the hockey game and make all his appearances. I've gone Joe. Because what's face that I can't win the whole time. The mother game release is a crappy numbers we got now. Huh? I don't think we're ever going to see that again. So don't go spend in that $200 prematurely Joe, because I think those days are long gone. I'm going to. And I took this morning when he came in here today. I forget about numbers. We're never going to have any again. You just work like that. What's happening? Where you fudge back him? Yeah. Yeah. He kind of always pleases as he is who's over there. He's a lot of good games. He's a lot of good games. He's a lot of good games. He's a lot of good games. George, you're not in the middle of that. He's a lot of good games. Go game. He's a lot of good games. What's wrong with what's against this? He's in the tennis day, this is a game. He's saying he's going to the same. And he was never played with Joe's games. George, you know, he's an ass and he's trying. Go game. He's a lot of good games. He's a lot of good games. Okay, come down guys. One 15 to five 60 W to clear. Another set again. Justin Timberlank event. Five six. I mean, he just embarrasses me and that takes a lot. They would kick his ass at arms to them. Yeah, guaranteed. Where we going? Here's more jables. Yeah, you know, he's on the job on Puerto Rican. And the reason that New York result came in different from manny is because we're in a different time. Old old later in different chemistry. Yeah, and that's. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I think he just jumped on it. Then he just gag on it. He swallowed it. Five six seven. Oh, five. That was good. Hey, beat those other two calls. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, hi, me. Yes, I'm a first time call. Great. Okay. I wanted to talk about what upset me was. I know that a lot of Cuban people in Florida brought it for Bush because of their year. Yeah. I thought that was pretty silly because even if you were to be published in our democrat. I mean, I mean, it gets a lot of the child and had to go back. Yeah. So, I mean, that would get really upset. How about the whites and the non Cuban people who voted for Ralph Nader? I want to say, oh, it's a mistake. The ones that did not respect. No, no, no, that was you can and I'm not. Oh, God. Oh, yes. So, the children would have voted for Bush. Like you're as important for James, you can. Will you leave them alone? Also. They like those Maddox with cheese. Five six seven, five, sixty, pan five, sixty on the eight can take. See, what am I telling about the woman in the matter? You could be talking about a soccer match and it could be Argentina against France. And all of a sudden, we're going to call us. Yeah, but you know those Argentina's, it's, it's like the Cuban and I'm telling you that all you know about is Cuban, Cuban, Cuban, Cuban, Cuban, you hate him, you can't stand him. There you, you, they don't know how to really speak to it. It's smell. You got like a Cuban disease. I've been really there for 25 years. I've been there every now and then when the old two first people get whipped up in the were frenzy and it's always orchestrated anyway by a bunch of old Jean-Pervacic tours. But other than that, I don't, I don't pay any attention. I just came back from a place where you can't even tell what most of those people are. They're from a woman from who knows Algeria, China, all over the world. Didn't face me, doesn't bother me, if they look good, they're dumb, you know. The hell with it, just be friendly. Five and same with the Cuban. Five, that's what I told Miguel is morning before he went. I haven't seen him again since 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, on the 18th peak in Paraget and Wallace Wine. Here's a moment in Miami, hello. Hi, how you doing, Neil? I'm doing okay. First time, call or? I'm lying. I have a comment in a question. My comment is, my partner and I never got around to leading the Republican party, even though that way. And I'm amazed by the messages left when the Republican party will be in the audience. You're part of the Republican party? No, we just switched over to Democrats, but we sure voted that way this time. Yeah. And the Republican party still leaves me messages on my recorder about rowing for a Catholic Harris town town and Wednesday with this whole message Miami made in the morning. They left the message, get your friends, your family, make signs and we know it's for others, come to support. And my skin just curled every time because I can imagine going to support you in that Gideos. That's my comment. My question is, I was actually in Europe during the election, but voted before we left. Yeah. And the polls that are saying that more should conceive. How can certain are they considering the polls were saying the Bush was so far ahead or far farther ahead? I mean, the idea that somebody was going to, you can see the election based on the polls. This is what, this is what the Republicans are counting on. This is what they do with all of these other henchmen are counting on. On top of clock, one of the patients are the public and to grow as credit, I can't give them too much credit for many things. But at least it was credit, he's from sticking with guns. He's not going to let those decide when looks like they really lost and they can't get the votes back that they should have. All right. My other thing is, now I come from a family right when Christians as well. And I'll say this thing to them that you can't even, you can't talk to these people because they've made up their mind. They're closed minded in. And that's it. They're just, they're already brainwashed. They just, they can't even look outside to imagine anything but what they're listening from their, you know, church and your public opinion. Well, I'll just remember, we're living in hate our synonymous. We're going to say we're living in the hate you repeating yourself. Good luck, you pal. Thank you. Well, last night, I've mentioned we had the dinner last night at the Amocost. And we walk in there in the dining room. One of the six nice dining rooms in here. Here's a, of course, there are a lot of Jews in there. But there's one family and there's a young kid at 167. And he's got a schmata on his head. And every time I see that, it makes me want to cry. I just, because, and I'm sure he feels very fine about it. And he doesn't have a problem with it because he's been conditioned into those. He's been brainwashed it with. And he feels like this is the way life is supposed to be. Then he walks around with his beanie on his head. It's tragic. It's just sad. Maybe he thinks he makes me look sharp. No, he's laid without it. He would look sharp. He would hide out of bulk at all. He doesn't have a bulk spot. Even the high of those horns. Yeah. Maybe he's hiding in the three sixes. Maybe that's it. Very sad. Just, you know, hey, it's tragic. It's awful. It's pathetic. And that's one of the wonderful things about being in a place like Amsterdam. They got churches. They got the old church right there in the middle of the red light. This, which naturally have some churches, I guess. That some people go to, but probably not too many. Just like in Italy, we're 97% of the people don't attend church ever. Because they've been so, because they've been building against all the brainwashing and all the evedicine all that crap. But it's marvelous to be in a place like that. We're not surrounded by all this religious hate. In fact, it's the coincidence that they have such a socially liberal society over there. They haven't been working. They haven't had their spirit, their will broken by the religious intolerant Lulaquix. And that's what America's all about. And that we have this constant battle that we have to fight against. And most people are too stupid to understand it. Because it's been brainwashing because they're a part of it. That's why there's due liberal men, guys. Every Jew listening to me, every Jew in America, should be offended by him, except the question of how to see them. We have sick Orthodox, the ones who have the embarrassment, the black sheep and the family. With the black hats and the black coats, it's not just a coincidence that they were all the black garments because they're the black sheep. And the black beard, the jet skis. He's an embarrassment. That's not what Judaism is all about. In general, he accepts the question of the power of science. But I've already met a tendency to be the most benign of the religions of the major religions of the world. As a person, the ligaments. Jews don't try to convert anybody. They're trying to make it an offer they can't refuse. Unless you have to be, it happened to be a Palestinian kid with a strange shot. And then, of course, you can't refuse. Well, that's an understore. I'm going to talk about that on this next anti-Semitic show. But it's just an excited. It makes no difference which group you talk about. It's all such a gobbler. It's just nonsense. But people calling in this, well, we just can't understand these groups. It's not just a bush people. I can't understand what people are thinking because most of it is been placed there by somebody else. It isn't a conclusion that they came to by using the grain out of by using the grain and thinking logically. That there's this wonderful God whose wrath keeps waxing hot and keeps inflicting all this pain and punishment in the zees and grow tests crap on everybody because some bitch ate a goddamn fruit off a tree. These are stories that even little kid would laugh at. If they weren't brainwashed, a brain wasn't so-and before they'd become old enough to understand. So, the last few out of the goddamn house, who the hell are you coming with that pro-crap? Come back with any clause, at least we can see him on TV anyway. As opposed to this God-bull crap. And that's where we got the intolerable religious right. And that's why it's mind-boggling. It's terrifying to me. The Democratic Party could come up with a ticket as wicked as Gordon Lieberman. Against the man, so obviously mindless and idiotic and controlled by the rabid religious right, it is its pathetic. And the women who went out there and voted for Bush, who wants to take a like he believes in the people's rights, he believes in people. They doesn't believe in women's rights to choose about their own body. He doesn't believe in dying people's rights to choose about determining their lives. Now they believe in machines now. Holding machines. A lot of those in Texas, of course, meant to Republican is compesting the election. And let me see it again. Every depot ballot was counted. I mean, still lost. Even by a few votes more than he would have. But every simple ballot in that Texas congressional election in a state that legislative election, everyone was counted. And being with hypocrites, lawyers, finger-pointers, talking about Bubba and his low job. I mean, time here's a guy who's a chronic drug. I've substance abuse problem that he refuses to answer questions about. We're still very, a lot of us convinced about that abortion. That hanky, panky in 1971. That nobody wants to talk about because everybody has been dual-year intimidated. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, real? Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. Well, of course, you know, a lot of these things came out after the election. I'm going to register Democrat and I did post Republican. I'm going to be much, which funds came out after the election? Which things I just mentioned came out after? Well, I mean, I'm talking about all the hanky, thank you with the butterfly's hour and things like that. But I voted to split ticket, but I will say probably the main reason I voted for Bush is making the rest of the country I might identify with being a Democrat. But truthfully, in slaughter, I just don't see it. I mean, the people that they hired were basically of all one ethnic group to solicit. And I found it really, really, really, really in my way. So that's why I voted. I thought we were voting for president. What is it? We're voting for guy. I mean, I agree. But I think a lot of people write your color set before a voted based on an identity. You think just like a lot of people didn't vote for Gore. You do identify with Bush? I would say identify more so with Republicans in South Florida than I identify with Democrats. I thought I would identify with other, would you rate identify with all Cubans? Is that what you're saying? I'm sorry. I did. You identify with the old Cubans? I'm also going to identify with the people after for another homestead exemption in free cheese, I'd say. So yes. Another homestead exemption in free cheese. So in other words, the Cubans against these parties. That would you vote, Senator? Yeah, well, that's pretty much what I would know everyone down to. Uh-huh. Okay, great. Well, I'm glad that you released a honest about identifying where you're coming from. I have a bigger. But at least he was honest about it. Woo! Funny success. And I'll say it again. Anybody who believes that Libreman was an asset grew at a one-in-solution by a well-arclumped of a margin. Not a lane-fried because he's not that good of a candidate. What about a comfortable margin? If he didn't have this a rabid Jew on the ticket. Not just an ordinary pedestrian Jew, but a rabid squared on your sleeve, Yellen carry on about it in the throw-hall of opianomy Jew. At least to us a few homentags in for Christ's sake. The Neo-Roger Show, the Q-Sport Treaty, the 560, the Q-A. I know that the guard even loves Neo-Roger. We are from Lavius Gate to join the Simulos Square Black. To talk to you about how this applesauce and something help us out because we will pick up your soul. And I'll raise a wheel of dowities, so have your f***ing pack. And think that when Lavius is closest to Earth, function that would be collected, whoever begs or not you and so, can write on your slipfruit under whose rail you have to afford to pay for keeping upon their debt. Simple trading, a quiet night wie theatreau dare arrested. If it is being held sufficient, that will take us over the counter-attempt. I'm not a clown, I'm a clown, I can't care if they are. They are in my top where they're in my feet. This is a beast, this is a world Jesus. Someone's gonna find us. Back back to pocket chain, I can change your clothes. I should look at you as some seen or something. So don't get me some seen or something. We're in the back and some applesauce. And just throw it into that. Oh, stop, throw it a tail-bass. We're bleeding with a knife, catch up and we're bleeding for a hair-op-bass. We're bleeding with a knife. We're bleeding with a knife. We're bleeding with a knife. We're bleeding with a knife. We're bleeding with a knife. 133.56WCM, I love the expressions that the religious not to use. Like, oh, well, well, I get to the pearly gates. When we get to the pearly gates, it's gonna be to be a men then they'll go to side. And the one soon-to-said Peter does this. I mean, what in God's name? They don't God! They don't God! And just go to sure how easy it is to brainwash folks. She just keeps repeating like Hitler said. Just keep repeating the same crap over and over again. And put it in people say, oh yeah, that's right. That's reality. That's what life is all about. That's what the universe is all about. This crap, this nonsense, he's clearly peels. So it's not George's death. They're one of the last types of answers. I'm just by blind loss. I mean, what are the 85 MPV channels we got? There was the time-green chop off his nut show. And the bad news is you tell me that's the last good thing he's ever done? Yeah. It's really sad. That was a great show. I was just terrible. You might throw the cut off of you. Talent. Yeah. Huh. I mean, I maybe was like Samson the rule of it. You know, maybe his count was in that one nut. It took the wrong road. And I wish I had a copy of that song. That was great. You know, schools you're not a kid. Yeah. Feel your bones, play with your balls. Yeah. massage your balls. And don't get cancer. Yeah, that's good. I got time. I gladly deleted it something good on the way out. And then that thick and do bear more. Now, she was on there sitting next to him at the table. But you know, she never said anything at the dinner table. And she was never like enough that she needed to be identified. Because we know she is. But it was kind of like she was just there. And all of a sudden they got married. Not yet. Not yet. Oh, they were going to uncertainty night. Why is that she is? Oh, I'm not. But I thought they got married. And she was what I read. No. But I'm not that I really care about that celebrity who's doing home. But now she's not the most attractive thing in the world. She's okay. But did you see when you saw that show? Yeah. She saw him like almost naked. Yeah. I'm sorry, you. But I realized physical beauty isn't everything. But but it reminded me of junior Robertson. I love it all. It's that thing syndrome again. I'm sure true has done way up with it at him. In a trunk and stupor. Or maybe he just is. Oh. Here's a mobile and Margie. Hello. I don't know how you doing. I'm doing good. I have a problem that I haven't heard come up before since the election problem. Yes, sir. It is not good or the way it's college and call back to get an absentee balance. She never received it. And this was the first time she was going to vote for the president. Well, who is she going to vote for? She was going to vote for Gore. Oh, well, that's why. It's an unbelievable situation. I'm not talking about the happens. I'm going to have a kid. Didn't get out to the people. It's all the ones who were going to vote for Gore. And most of them were. You're going to get the only kid to get balanced with the ones who are in the university of Florida and FSU because they're all bunch of right wing with the monsoon. Where am I going? Is that the University of Florida? No, she's actually following that category. She's the only one. Thank God for her. You can go out. Okay. Have a good one. I'd like to hear. I said that then. You know, there's time way to the University of Florida. No, did you see that part of the show? No. I met him, but I forgot. Well, and who was singing the song? He was up on stage. Singing the song, you know? Yeah. With the guitar. And humpback was up there on the stage with him. And then at the very end of that show, any of you were there. All the kids of course were going nuts because, you know, the kids that's the same thing with me. Anybody who's anti-establishment and don't get me wrong. I want Tom Green when you're used to being funny. Especially on a Canadian comedy channel when he was really funny. Before I'm taking you to Strida. But at the end of the show, some real screamer, some cream from the audience, but he says, I run a West squeeze when a grand-himple, a humpback's nuts. And the audience, this keep in mind is in Gainesville, okay? All these real, you know what they are. Yeah. Kids. And the kind of guy was obviously a screamer. And they all start voing and hooting him. And of course Tom Green loved it. It's exactly the kind of thing. And next thing you know, he's up on stage. And they got their black, they're marking out the, the general area. They got the gray square on the screen. And he's got the humpback's pants down. And all of a sudden they're all cheering. He Tom said it was okay. So then the kids thought it was okay. I hate to see this, but you know something college kids, most of them are really pathetic. We met a sad thing, listen. Especially flat guys. You have a business nothing like running on the beach naked with your fraternity brother. That's what you do, you said. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, he was talking about me and said nothing like running on the beach with fat guys. And that's that guy. And fat rich. Yeah. What is it about college kids that makes them so sad? Maybe they just didn't forward them. I think that could be just didn't forward them. I don't know. There's such a young place. I don't think so. 234, 2 at 5, 60, WQM. You want a good smoke? That's you know, I saw a bumper sticker this morning. That I loved. So it's something about at least I can smoke inside my own car. I'm so smoking, you know. And I thought to myself, FNA baby, at least I haven't made a law yet. Yet, underline the yet part, that you can't throw smoke in your own car. You're so cool. Yeah. I can't believe you're sorry of the girls. Put your pants in the room the whole world. And while her butt was fine, it looked like mine because it was kind of hairy. And that's cool. How many hairs on a rear? A 60 more than a minute of tears. And I'm gonna be so sincere. It's like a seat that has been shared. She had an F2 bond up. So we get proud on the round of her seat. We need to go right through it's clear. For a few shots because they're here in its feet. One is a half. And if that's the reason they want to act with you on the sideways. If they want the butt to stop the problem, then they don't care. Yeah. These are two of the girls. Put your pants in the room the whole world. And while her butt was fine, it looked like mine because it was kind of hairy. And that's cool. And that's cool. And that's cool. How about hand jog number one? Woo hoo! It's getting kind of red. 17,22,56. You're every year coming back to you. I got to pass again. Anybody there tonight? Oh, Jesus. 6500? So click the game. Me? Well, they don't have to go to hockey games and stuff like that. It's a busy watching all of your shows on CNN and in SMBC. and fox and uh... cnbc anybody else here's for a lot of their home hey new yes sir all you found a couple of weeks ago nine eight degrees back to the police share my heart uh... uh... uh... what is that what is that mean uh... now we're not waiting for you see if i would be told you the song was by you said that was pretty good but i told you is the back before you uh... you were like you got a point there and i don't know i really don't know i was watching the pet queen looks upon to be last night back in court and he was a bit of concussion like the second or third game with my luck uh... i don't know i don't know the pensable they have to give up why did he not want to play with the fire anymore i don't know about that why yeah because then he and Bobby Clark he did tell like person they were spotted and Bobby Clark they are that it's uh... uh... well there uh... you know no chance to let a play for them again i'm just a novice hockey fan you go on a the game tonight not be there you got any spare tickets there for the hurricane for the hurricane you mean for a tonight's game there and i got a pair just a pair nine see there okay i didn't like that he's an avis hockey fan but already he's learning to feed those for tickets if i got any ticket no police uh... he said he was going to be there i think that's where he said there here's my name yeah yes you're a great i just had local comment the very first calipy of the selection was the truth choice but to know that if you can vary the recount under you know of the legal law of the law of the law of the amount of legal of the law of the law of the law if he can see us from seeing the truth the real one of the right steel is clear i mean i can't understand how all these people want to see like some of the public kind of the ex-president be the president we're going to give the keys to the country well i get i guess the public like all of that's the inflation and it like the budget deficit and they like the a go for the fact we let's say i'm sitting there in the Iraq and they like the savings alone scandal with the abortion charge they're like all those good testing that they kick this father out eight years ago and now you notice here comes coal and power and here comes the cany and here comes this uh... this and we've card guys and all the same guys that were our buddies with proper bush it's the same people are coming back and again and i think you know you're worried about some of the people in the sand that was that was the story here that broke the camels back make no mistake about that a lot of people you know more than the more southern states don't like the idea of uh... the Jewish rights president that's why they're they don't like an idea of it i would enable for you to about a president about it and i want you to have a bunch of uh... retired old Jews and and refugees and got for the deciding who's going to be president oh i i thought i had to say we're like the last time yeah all you people in palm beach you are a hang you have been shamed you're gonna see you out of gold rub your mousizo couple of times and and pray that they get a reward up there and if they do they how about if they put pictures in a candidate for this time huh i'm the new balacid we have a revote and palm beach which is unlikely but possible pictures of the candidates and since later nobody's been a vote for leader of the can again out it's like this time i guess all the names were had to be on the ballot wouldn't have it would be a butterfly battle that i have to be on one side the pictures good big pictures next week one and instead of the cannon instead of his picture there's a picture of it but like a swastika and his forehead just to make sure that those old you rock focus sucked it again and one of the body for patty can and or james view cannon i mean i i grant you it was confusing it was irritating it was illegal it was all these things but the fact is we're dealing with an awful lot of really stupid people out there okay we're dealing with a lot of really really stupid people and how come it's so bad for the Cuban solanapura pissed off about alien and vote for georg bush but it's okay for the old georg solanapura because it wanted to work for a georg vice president how come that's okay is anybody talk about that no no so did you know we were at the year for a couple of five according to book a brand how would i know that who would tell us nobody you know just a little little we're off the road just no for five minutes apparently what kind of what kind of a make believe quick and radio station is it nobody even comes put their head in the door tell her take that's what guys you're off the air but like the notice that you was right we were just having a good show that was five minutes that's the best part of the day do you miss some good crap right we said our road we have a good guy and then there was the color that or thirty-five in the blue of our Cuban prison that's right for his quick both of our friends said we were off here for five minutes you know one thing i've always said about him yeah i think he's got a woman in the portals you're who got that's the average i'm in the 40s after just average this is that's somebody called he said not drop said thirty seconds close it huh i don't know if it's drop yeah that's what he said thirty seconds he also said the line five will get fixed sometime between our next circus and you don't even know when circus is or you say something about circus circus i don't know what he was saying something about going back to amsybe oh god what a what a place and we're also one and i don't know i'm talking about the recorded commercials because this radio station is never gonna get any better you know but we got that one spot who had so distorted and somebody was paying for that now of course do we care here at q and all as long as they're paying for we don't care what they can money this is usually f and why but but you think that if you had any pride it's like we've gone back to the first week that we were on the air here we had all those muffled spots all but we're getting we're getting the audio vault yeah and so we get some muffled the thirded spot from an agent take so i'm forgetting what that sounds right we just run around the air boom we're going back and what happened to her saying i don't even know what you worse you just don't know two days when you're nitpicking yes i got all my nose taken out of the way and the plane i want to pick in my nose in the plane because he was it keeps people from a staring at you no it if there's a works like crazy although i do really on the right side then you get you do anything extra because i had that guy with his ass and my first hole climb that big fat agreed Dutch ass right in my face god what a huge back though man and in your laughing but it was like a Dutch Josh thing with the family during the rugby movie he could have been his big turn brother i'm serious Josh thing in senior just imagine having that asked me a face for like a half an hour of time i'm a trip that already is taken so goddamn long you figured you're never going to rip back i'm not anybody with having a good time on a plane but there's sure there's some strong head wins me probably they weren't peddling fast enough i made it a dribble was getting to six ten before two if i'm 60 wqm the real Roger show sport radio five sixty two eight and five five the whole lot of moves and the mother aza baza foos situations for a Here's a call in Miami along. Hi, Niel. Yes, sir. There's relationships people in the United States. We're rather vote for a more Christian that for the perfect you. You know, and everybody is that. I got news for it. We didn't have the perfect you. Well, although I'm going, what they tried to do with the distance itself from the so-called more person in Clinton. And what they did is to manage to lose what we're genius and that always voted for the Democrat, the lose at energy. They can solve the energy on that. It just looks at the more majority and all the redneck religious family in those states. And you've spent down the vote all of them in favor of the Mr. Bush. Even at the material. Mr. Liverman, a senator, Liverman. Not only was one of the few senators in Washington that was supporting the kidnapping over the end of the trial by the entire Miami. And after that, before a few days before the election came to Miami to cried tears over American officers. Great. Yeah. Okay. All of them, all of them. That's your help to London. Also, not because these people here were willing to declare into no one for which the people they were going to vote. Thank you.