I don't care how many day go get any what grease ball gum bars come out of the wood work
I don't care how many day go get any what grease ball gum bars come out of the wood
I don't care how many day go get any what grease ball gum bars come out of the wood work
women who's dead have sports back nerds who would rather inhale than have leapsed toward
they make hair to abuse verbal queers but they have no self-know-jogs perhaps here
women I want your women women who use moist wipes and women who know hands I am
women loving soft hands are not puny to be manly women living hungry thighs and women who prefer to be with women back eyes
I want more women on my show to break away from all this once whole moors
women take their jobs to their chattest place where an hospital and a hospital to gain
I want your women women girls are good and good okay
I have to sometimes do the things that you do and I
I know you don't really have a chance with me I'm hoping with your face celebrity
so you have a visit fantasies that's where your home on a TVP I know you want me oh yeah
my mom she is crazy when she says that you go blind just watch my video baby I'll blow you my eye
oh sure it's kind of grainy my eyes blow and you're a queen let a house of name out of me
the movie everyone see make sure you wipe off the screen when she is crazy when she says that you go blind
just keep that pot on for Toronto there because he's going to jump on or not we just don't know he's going to
surprise all of us 10 4 5 60 Q a.m. yeah to Wednesday Neil's not going to be doing the show today but he might do a walk on
is not what they call it yeah he called it yesterday he might surprise us he might just jump out of the microphone
out of because it's ratings day it's the book and I guess we're supposed to be getting him right now
right isn't it supposed to be coming out at 10 o'clock well that just means that's when they're coming over
whatever machine in the building they're coming over on or downloaded I don't even know how that works
anymore there used to be the facts machine and everyone would huddle around it as if which is funny
I mean the power 96 people I guess they care about ratings I mean I'm not sure I don't know that for a fact
I'm not sure they go through the motions of caring about ratings as opposed to over here on this radio
station it's funny because to use a sports analogy you know when I did track you know how you line up on
the blocks for track and somebody fires a gun in the air and everybody takes off running except for two of the
runners start running backwards and start going I'm going to be last no I'm going to be last no I'm going to be last
no I'm going to be last that's that's us in the station across the street
dedicating a great deal of money and effort to trying to be last you know like those promos that we keep
running as yesterday that Neil was going nuts about yeah he's going nuts and I'm laughing all the
wild because I'm laughing thinking you know you know it's funny you know it's funny you know it's funny
they think they think that if they play these promos it'll make people want to listen more get it
they think it'll make people want to listen more those promos you know as opposed to the actual
reaction that people are going to have like oh my god really this is what they're going to give me
all they like oh geez how fast can I change that station to anything else anything else even a
language that I don't understand just because if I don't understand it then I can make up with
their saying it'll probably be more interesting than what they are going to be reporting on
trading camp oh good god so we're kind of in a holding pattern there's no point in us even
starting anything you know what I mean because at any minute we don't know when that minute is at
any minute they're going to come crashing through the door here with some ratings and then the
show is going to be about that for a while and Neil's going to jump on and analyze the numbers
hopefully so that I don't have to I mean we will and here's the thing let me just explain this
really quickly because we have to when we get these preliminary ratings Arbatron being the the
fakers that they are I don't know why they do things this way this is one of those eternal
questions why they break down the day parts the way that they do six to 10 10 to three three to
seven seven to midnight that's how they break it down in the preliminary numbers that we get
then later on like if this is what ones they may be by Friday but more probably by Monday
we'll get the hourlies as they're called and then that's broken down every which way you want to
all because you get the the actual rating per hour and then you can find out what the ratings of
your radio show actually is slash R for example ours is 10 to 2 not 10 to 3 so the five hour
average usually is lower I say usually because there have been aberrations the five hour average
number is lower than our four hour average number because usually the show that follows us has
lower ratings although Jim Manich has kept it higher than any other show that has ever followed
us and I think on a rare occasion or two has actually had a higher number in the two clock hour
than we had in the one o'clock hour I'm not sure the see because that's what you have when you're
dealing with diaries and studies have shown let's say that right doesn't mean jack studies have
shown that people don't necessarily write down fill out their diaries accurately which of course
is the bane of our existence over the number we could have if people were really accurate about
what they listen to because you know half the people that listen to this radio show don't want to
admit it certainly don't want to admit it in a in a in a way that will actually bring us more
money like on a ratings diary it's like I was telling somebody at the remote or wherever the
remote the appearance I forget who I was telling maybe a role is somebody when I was repone cars the
guy that that trained me Charlie how you doing Charlie you're all right he would he would turn on
Neil this is the first time ever heard of Neil he would put it on and then just yell at the radio
in the car I don't you know young punk that I was I wanted to listen to Zeta I wanted to listen to rock
and roll I wanted to listen to anything but talk radio I thought like most young punks and I was
right at least in those days the talk radio was boring really really boring man man man man man
so here's Charlie turning it on you that's bag it that's bag it because Charlie was right wing
born again Christian so he's turning it on you every freaking day and yelling at the radio all
the show long while we're driving around I didn't know what drove me nuts more the whiny
bag on the radio or the guy yelling at the whiny bag on the radio I couldn't I for the life of me
was this just the strangest phenomenon but apparently it's not a strange phenomenon at all happens a
lot which is a cake bush song by the way strange phenomenon it happens a lot it happens uh
I like a lot a lot which I don't I don't know if I'll ever understand that if I live to be a thousand
if I live to be a thousand and spend all that time with a guru up on top of a mountain I'll never
understand that and we talked about that before you go to a restaurant you get a bad meal you don't
go there anymore that's simple that's the way that the rest of a separate is that not so
yes you uh you go to a club a music slash dance club bar kind of thing all the music they play
is not your cup of tea it all sucks you hate it but you keep going back and complaining about the
music I don't get it I don't get it at all but that's that's a phenomenon that's something that
happens it happens the other way too people come in it's like oh well listen and rush why why
why were you listening to rush please tell me oh to hear what the other people have to say you know
it's made up you know it's BS you know it's a bunch of hateful bigoted nonsense you know that
it's based on nothing you know you know that yeah but I wonder you I'll never understand it I will
never ever ever like guys that get married twice I'll never understand that what did you think was
going to happen the second time around after you escaped with your life or at least a a semblance of
it so back to the ratings sure if we had an honest rating system like they do for the TV where
you actually had a meter monitoring what the people are actually watching because what happens
even under the best of intentions the people fill out their diary it's only as good as your memory
people's memories are not as good as they think it is also another thing that happens when they
fill out ratings diaries is people write down what they think they're listening to not what they
actually are listening to or they write down their favorite music station they don't count the news
the talk the NPR they don't count that is I'm not really listening to that I just listen for a
little while they hear the weather I just listen for a little while they hear the traffic report I
just listen for a little while to hear the news I just listen for a little while to hear the sports
scores I just listen in other words adding up all those little wild that you listen means you're
listening a significant amount of the time you just don't think you are so that screws us
never nevertheless here you are with the system as it exists in the breakdown and that's what
happens sometimes sometimes you know you're only hoping that the people that listen to your radio
show or radio station get the diaries that month because arbitrawn mails them out supposedly
randomly I say supposedly because we know for a fact that they're trying to let's assume that
they actually do want to create a good accurate sample of the community they send these diaries
out to places where they think certain ethnic groups are except that these people are in
beltful Maryland and they don't know where the certain ethnic groups are in any town much less
this town for example up there they think that anyone with a z on the end of their name is a low
income bracket person they've ever heard of places like coral gables you know or that or
you know or cutlery draw these places where everybody you know their name ends in a z but they
have big nice your neighborhood I'm sure I don't know where specifically your neighborhood is but
Kendall Kendall lakes yeah you know these aren't slums these are not decent suburbs everybody's
a spick don't tell the people in Maryland that they're sending diaries into those neighborhoods thinking
you know what they're thinking they can they get the socio economic map of a town and then they
think that they're sending them to anglos that's why all these all these foreign language stations
have these crazy crazy incredible numbers well um beltful Maryland thinks that they're sending
those diaries to anglos because of the socio economic scale on the map that they have they don't
know that those people have zs on the end of their name because they're a bunch of inbred bigots up
there up at arbitrage they don't know oh you got some spicks at make money I never heard such
doing I thought they just picked tomatoes so we're we're we're screwed so many ways but nevertheless
there it is ratings day there's the the explanation to the ratings any minute now why don't we even
want to start I got all this I mean I got some stuff written down here got stuff to talk about got
got a funny story you know it's ladies night tonight at the at Gold Coast in Fort Lauderdale and I
think I'm gonna go alone I can't I can't just do the here's the thing about going on Tuesday nights
perfect night for me to go skating that's when they have that skate out at Gold Coast the ad looks
great I think they have a bar somebody tell me we keep talking about that every week you know
what would be good in here a bar sure so you can see here's the thing about skating drunk which we
evolved well I don't know if all of us have done it I have here's the thing about it yeah you fall
down and run into things a lot but you don't care because you don't feel anything sure it doesn't
hurt it's gonna hurt that other person it's like drinking and driving you shouldn't be doing it but
why not and the skate out thing they had that flyer they got a my space um site pictures people
having fun but here's the problem besides the perception thing besides people thinking something
about you for going skating even if you take your wife they're gonna think something about you go
and skating on gain right here's here's my real problem um who am I gonna hit on any chick there
lesbian I like that but they don't like me you know I like them but they don't like me so what's
the point who am I gonna hey baby um come skate couples with me why why don't touch me man
so what would be the point maybe there's something that are by there listen I had already made up
my mind why you want to go confusing me now 1014 on 560 wq a m
tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada tada
think you're a musician want a big audition standing front of the judgements
tell them what your name is and you want to be famous staying away
and he loves his years of
I'll stop to throw up Simon calls you a loser if you want a good cry watching all your dreams
I k
Telling their high and see, crying like,
You can't see the stand-home, let me say,
Just go away.
Before you tell that back song, that you're songin'
Remember that there's only one where you're home
Remember that there's only one where you're home
Remember that there's only one where you're home
Remember that there's only one where you're home
Remember that there's only one where you're home
Well, I want to find something a little bit longer than that.
I don't have nearly enough time to sort these numbers out.
Let me just hit through the high points and the low points real quick.
By the way, we're probably going to be number three, a little bit of bonus money.
That's real too bad, real unfortunate.
Although we've all gone up considerably.
Well, some of us went up considerably and some of us just went up.
How about if I just go through these?
Overall, the station.
This is Men 2554 that is our target demo.
A lot of radio stations like to say we're number one and then they don't tell you what they're number one in.
Every radio station just in case.
And this is for the late people out there.
Listeners of the Neil Rogers show for years now.
They could write a book on ratings and they could write a book on everything inside the radio station.
They know all the terminology.
They know they could practically draw the studio blind.
Never having been here.
They could tell you what the equipment is and where it's located just from listening to the show.
That's one of the things that.
No, I appreciated that when I first started working the Neil Rogers show.
Because everything up to that point was about the illusion, the illusion, about fooling the audience.
And Neil was all about bringing the audience inside.
Make them feel like not like they're on the outside looking in or something like that.
But they're right there and they're with you.
Which is way more fun.
It's like the different between playing a game and watching a game.
And yeah, and you can call it be a part of the show. It's amazing.
You can be material for the show.
It's all very easy to do.
So here we are with these ratings number.
Our target demo because we are honest about what goes on here.
Our target demo on this radio station and on this radio show.
And men 2554, that's who we're trying to reach.
Some of us would like to try to reach some women 2554 or two.
But nevertheless, it's like it's a lost cause.
Yeah. Like your girlfriend in music.
It might be a lost cause.
But I'm not going to give up without a fight.
There will be a fight.
I might lose. Probably we'll lose.
You probably will.
Nevertheless, I'm going to be able to say I tried.
I gave it a shot.
So here are the numbers as they are.
In our target demo, the people that we're trying to reach men 2554.
Here comes Clarence.
I guess medium good news, right?
What are these?
Oh, they're hot.
I'm going to hug them.
Hot. Where did these come from?
Woo.
Out of the paper factory.
Hot stack of papers over here.
I'm going to stick them under my shirt.
Mmm. I smell good.
And that is good as those.
Remember the blue dido sheet.
Oh, yeah.
You get a school that smells like alcohol.
And they're like, oh, wet healing.
Here we are with the men 3554.
Well, we can slice and dice just like all the other radio stations.
We try to find a story, try to find a number that we're better in than any other number and say,
hey, look, we're number one in vegetarian pigmies.
Something.
No, no.
We don't roll that way more.
More?
More.
More.
Oh, they hot too?
Sweet.
Mmm.
Congratulations.
Congratulations, by the way.
Oh, thank you.
For what being number three?
Damn it.
That's probably where we're going to end up.
But that's something better than, uh, what?
Anything under three?
That's right.
Better than the rest of the station.
Of course, as usual.
But what do we know?
So here they are.
This is the overall station number.
Men 2554, our target demo.
The whole station went from a 25 to a 35.
That's a solid point from tied for 18 to tied for 9.
That's good.
Not great.
Better than it was.
Better.
We'll take it.
Let's say step in the right big step in the right direction.
Moving on.
I'm looking my fingers through the day part.
Not on this page.
The morning show.
From a 22 to a 28 tied for no tied.
From 21st, I'm trying to keep these in order here.
From 21 to 13.
Those are the rankings, you know, in order to have to explain that to people.
By the way, what's that number you read?
I want the 222.2.8.
That's the percentage of the radio audience that's listening to the radio at that time.
That's the percentage that is listening to you.
For example, 2.8.
Not 2.8% of the population of the town.
But 2.8% of the people listening to the radio at that time.
Well, how many people is that?
Well, that changes because the number of people that listen to the radio changes from time to time.
Certain day parts have more listeners than other day parts.
People listen to the radio say in the morning and in the afternoon, generally speaking more than they do.
In mid days and certainly the evening's day.
And the overnight's the listening audience is at its lowest.
Let me stick these over here.
Let me grab these over here.
Yeah, well, you don't know that.
I'll just put out that PSA again.
No, no, no, no, no.
There's a PSA over here.
Yeah, so many of your boyfriends.
2.904.904.1.
He's really lonely.
He's asking people to give him a call.
You know, wish him a happy birthday.
We don't talk to him anymore.
He's lost.
He was always lost.
You know, we're not here for him.
He thinks we are, but we're not.
Maybe you want to be there for him.
Here's our number.
10 to 3, although.
It's, remember, our show is 10 to 2.
I usually add like a point 8 or a point 9 for the average, but it all depends.
That's just my guesstimate.
And we went from a 3-7 to a 5-1, which.
We'll take it.
Yeah.
I mean, Jim and E. Christmas tied for 7 to tied for 3rd.
We will not, then that tie is with big.
We will not be tied for 3rd once we drop that 2 o'clock hour.
But we probably will stay at 3rd.
Life and CMQ are tied for number 1.
The elevator music station.
And I guess CMQ is right wing Spanish political hysteria.
Remember what I was just saying before the break?
How does life, unless it's like, you know, people fling out like that?
You know that, the elevator music station.
I told you that's an artificial number.
Both of these are artificial numbers.
Both of these.
For example, that Spanish language station.
And we benefit from loyalty as well.
There are people that write down the whole four hours.
You know, if a needle gets the diary, sweet.
Because you know they're writing down the whole four hours.
Whether they listen to it or not.
Whether they're awake or not.
Whether they're alive or not.
Because of loyalty.
And these stations, these political Spanish stations,
they have the same kind of a loyal audience.
It's just the way it is.
So, 6-5 and 6-5.
Those are the two number 1 numbers.
If we add a solid point, we're still not going to beat them.
They're tied for number 1.
So we're going to be number 2 at best.
Or is that, I guess, since this is weird.
If two people are tied for number 1, then the next person is 3.
Okay.
Whatever.
You know, it's funny because two people are tied for number 1.
And then two people are tied for number 3.
There is no number 2.
And there is no number 4.
The next one is 5.
That weird?
Yes.
I know.
Let's see what that afternoon number is.
Let's pardon me while I look at my thumb.
I should have moisturized.
I should have used some neutrogena.
3-7.
Oh, look at that.
Nice number.
Nice number way to go, man, which WQM from a 3-1 to a 4-9.
Solid third plays very, very nice gem-managing.
That means our number 8 is going to go anywhere, probably.
That's it.
Or third.
That's what it's going to be.
Just a pittance.
I drop in the pocket.
Let's go on to the afternoon.
I know this is boring as hell.
That's what we do.
Let's see.
Oh, look at that Waxi number there.
What's going on in the afternoon over there?
What time?
Waxi the sports station across the town.
Thank you.
These people are having heart attacks about?
Yeah.
From a 2-4 to a 4-7 there and third.
That was a 4-7 in the afternoon.
7-8.
Wait.
No.
Monday through Friday, 7pm to midnight.
That's the evening.
They have pretty much nothing going on.
I think they had the dolphins stuff about that.
Did they?
The dolphins, uh, 2 hour, you know.
I don't know.
I'm not going to know.
I'm looking for ours.
I mean, I blo- oh, here we are.
From a 0.7, I forgot that we were talking about that.
A 0.7 to a 2.3, 17.
Wow.
That's a big jump.
And I don't know.
That's it.
That's up until midnight.
And I think I just changed the order of these things.
Anyway, Neil has them all.
Hey, Neil, your pots open if you want to, um, jump in there and smoke it.
Go right ahead.
Otherwise, we're just going to go on with something.
You know, here, I know how to make Neil magically appear.
I start the show.
I'll start talking about something.
Okay.
No, I mean, I won't get 2 minutes into starting talking about something.
That's going to require audience participation and a response.
That's going to be a little jump.
Yeah, he'll show up.
I know how to work Murphy's law to my advantage.
Or at least I thought I did.
I'm Al Dore.
Did you know old-fashioned flush toilets, waste, valuable clean water, will now?
There's an Earth-friendly alternative.
Introducing Al Gore's Earth Toilet.
Huh.
I have several Earth Toilets right in my own backyard.
Hmm.
This one smells like pine.
Well, at least the top part does.
Tipper, use this one this morning.
Look, there's another Earth Toilet that smells just like a rose.
Look, to out, watch out for the thorns.
We used to have another Earth Toilet out in the garden, but Al the third moctite.
Personally, I prefer using the collection of smaller dwarf Earth Toilets that lie in my front walkway.
Let me show you how they work.
Wow.
There's nothing more satisfying than relieving yourself on a bush.
What the hell are you doing, Gore?
Flaming the planet, you're welcome.
The next nature call.
Call on nature with the Al Gore Earth Toilet.
Available at the Garden Center at Walmart.
So, anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Listen, instead of knocking Arbitron, why don't you tell the real story of what they're doing to this radio station?
Oh, I have been.
Because I got a fire report from the professor and he said you were like to rip an Arbitron and ask,
Oh, I was trying to explain how important.
All these true.
You're trying to like make a story?
Yeah, that's what I was doing.
I was just like how it happened.
Alex, thank you so much for stopping by this morning.
Kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
Oh, Alex, would you please bury your cheeks again so we can kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
I was just trying to explain how the ratings work.
It was.
I was just trying to explain how the ratings work.
If we have any more of these sports flunky writers on it, of course, because I say it's bad,
therefore it must be good because you're going to say it's bad.
Therefore, clearance is going to do the opposite.
I say all the jokes are going to sit back and let them destroy the radio station.
We are number three on the radio.
We're going to have whatever.
We're going to be the three in midday and their number 11.
Look at that.
They went from a two, three to a three, two.
And clearance sends me an email on the way back here in the cab.
It sends me an email.
While they're beating us 25 to 34, we're beating them 35 to 54.
While they got that younger, hip or crowd, alleged.
How are we doing in the afternoon?
Do we have any numbers?
Let's see.
We're going to get that.
We're number three in the afternoon, two, four, nine.
And what do they have?
They're not even on the first page.
Two, three, seven.
Well, how do you like that?
So a man dog and a Humper did okay.
We did reasonably.
So we're number three in midday and afternoon.
And in the morning, we were number one, four hundred.
Yeah.
It went up a little bit from the two, two, two, two, eight.
The radio rows had a two, eight in the morning.
And they had a what?
I thought they had a two, eight.
No, look at their number.
Where the hell are they?
Oh, no, they had a two, eight.
You're right.
Big head had a three six.
So thank God he's coming back over here with a leg.
That's the rumor anyway.
That's what we need is a lot more Alex Marv as Alex.
Thank you so much for being here.
Hey, tomorrow we're going to discuss his bomb movements.
Alex, can you come back and join us again tomorrow?
Oh, it's only going to be Friday.
Well, geez, how are we going to survive without you, Alex?
Maybe the professor will tell you how I was ripping those promos
and how they think that it's actually going to improve
the audience and all these other things.
I'll tell you something.
Those promos are stale than last year's months of bread.
Okay, it's just pathetic.
They think it makes people want to listen more.
They don't know squat.
Okay, they never have known.
What would anybody assume is going to make them all of a sudden smart?
Do they get hit with a magic wand?
Like you got that sound where the fan ever had?
That's the one.
They're going to get struck with a magic wand.
It's going to make them smart.
Understand talk radio, understand entertainment radio,
understand anything about anything.
And of course promotion, forget about that,
because the Marlins cost us too much money.
So we lose our ass and we can't promote anything.
It reminds me of the thing with a slots that's already already yesterday.
The state makes sure that they don't have any money
and so they can't promote it.
And what they're doing is guaranteeing a failure,
just like Joe Bell and the Clarence are doing for us.
Thanks, Joe Bell and Clarence, you idiots, you morons.
You are got that thing closed.
Oh, there you go.
I just ran in here because of getting all these
static reports and Clarence as well.
They were beating us 25 to 34.
We're beating them 35 to 64.
And we're both at two better, you know,
our bonus isn't based on whichever.
Yeah, that's right.
We get a beastly, measly bonus for number three this time.
And let's see overall how to the station doing men.
25 to 54.
They're not a risk paid.
They're not a risk paid.
Tied with Waxi, a dead heat, 34.
Number nine each.
Yes.
Cume beat them.
Splitting the audience.
Cume beat them.
Like the listenership, they beat us.
I can't imagine why.
I mean, if we just had more of those sports writers on them,
when I'm hearing that the mad dog who hates,
I guess almost as much as I do,
when I'm hearing that he's got to put some of these losers,
these rejects, these bozos on here,
then I know that they're just really diddling this place around.
Just bad big time.
What are they going to stop?
People don't give a crap about Alex, freaking Marves,
Ethan, freaking Skolnik,
Ira, freaking Winter, BuenVag.
Yeah, but what do you know?
Who might leave an out Chris?
Who are the other ones?
Those are the main ones.
Those are the main ones, the main ones.
The main ones, the main ones.
Ira, Ethan, Mike, Baradino.
Oh, Mike Baradino.
Oh yeah, what's life?
If we could just have, I'm telling you right now,
I've got the key.
If we could have Alex Marves and Ira,
Windbag on 24-7, we'd have at least a chair.
Oh!
But you know something, I'm not going to get excited about.
We got a little something, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
Not much.
Got a minor spoil, as they say.
Number three.
Woo!
Heavy duty.
I could buy an up toilet paper to wipe Joe Bell's ass
for five years with that.
Well, it's nice to share, because I can't.
Yeah.
Nice to share one.
I say in the toilet paper.
Check over the window.
I know.
What do you want?
I just had to pick up invitation,
get printed invitations for my little buddies,
said birthday yesterday.
Yeah, what do I care about that?
Ten days.
Well, that's where I was.
I was running around in a cab.
And I got the envelope here to address
if I knew I'll have you do it,
because you know all those Mexican names.
That's right.
They all know the Z.
Just put a Z.
Just put a Z.
That's a good head start.
That's right.
Just right backwards from there.
You easy.
And I don't really care.
I'm glad that I was,
because I already, by the time I got back here,
I already had 85 emails from,
I've been coming from,
One from Clarence in the 84 from,
I was just trying to explain things
to the audience.
I was just trying to explain things to the audience.
I was trying to explain.
Or I was trying to explain.
That Arbitron sucks,
but that's no excuse for nothing.
I wasn't making excuses.
I was just explaining.
Let me say this,
okay.
Let me say this,
what they have on the air across the street,
I wouldn't wish on Adolf Hitler, okay?
That's how bad they are in the meantime and of course you notice well they have this they have that how about the other station
How did I would either we're we're not competing with that? I know they're not even close to was in midday life
And we are wait a minute
How did we do we were passive break? I know I don't really have a log
But I really didn't matter it comes now. You're right
You can do it once 80s if you want or we'll just do what you can do with 80s for all just put it at the table no
And look at that big see in a nice move over there putting Paul and Ron on 400 hours because they went down from a 5-8 in the last book to a 5-1
Now that they're on for 400 hours today the music was doing just fine there
They were number two and now they're a tied for third with us
Paul and ancient Ron here's just so many stupid programmers in this market we be IOD badly we had a 5-1 from 10 to 3 and they had a
3-7
How about and waxy had a 3-2 which is the biggest number they've ever had that'll go back down another thing
What did they have a midday? Oh?
Said the kid well he's back on in the morning now all the New Yorkers must have put him down
All the obnoxious New Yorkers like that sound
I am Z a scare America midday had a 1-1 so the stations we really care about it and competing with we kick their ass because we we don't give a crap
And midday about across the street because we're not sports intensive and they can keep talking about sniffing jack straps
All they want's got nothing to do with us or this show Joe you idiot you oh you
That's the one I'll do your breaking and I might stick around fine
All right 18-11 on 560 only old radio W.P.A.M
I'm Dr. Neal Clark Warren founder of ehumidity dot com
Summer time is perfect for a little steamy romance and that's why I've designed ehumidity dot com
The first dating service for people affected by hot weather when I first met Julie
I became stuck on her like I was stuck to a vinyl beach chair
Don't touch me with ehumidity dot com we match you based on 29 degrees of compatibility
Like temperature related irritability
General perspiration levels and
Otter when I met Tammy my palms got all sweaty more than just your palm look at those pit stains on your shirt
Oh, and you stink grow
Don't even think about touching you until you take a shower log on now to ehumidity dot com and find out for yourself
What it's like to get some TLC as long as you have some AC
13-11 here's Neal yeah, here's Neal what I don't know what I'm gonna say that and just say before nothing
You said you were gonna be this around is coming to my out of my ears and good good
And for what it's worth I've been now, you know ripping them all week about this this whole format and their whole strategy
That's a man what format putting the putting the sports writers on a radio and turning the station over to them talking about only one subject
I'm not forgetting that's been going on for 800 years that I know you know it ain't
Get more popular. I didn't get any more popular
I had 14 stations each talking about sports all day they could all do it like a point to share, you know
Like Ray Perry said by the way, where's the dolphin tickets Ray?
I asked that I'm coming
What does that mean they're coming so it's Christmas so it's so it's so it's
Yep, there's another guy wandering around with a big suit on, you know with a big fancy suit on
Oh, it's Ray Perry. We better bring him back. He got screwed over when Greg left him right
Maybe Jolly Joe's got some friends in Raleigh who replace Ray Perry and get you those dolphin tickets today what surprised me
Wouldn't be surprised at all because Jolly Joe seems to have a lot of friends Jolly Raleigh sure
clown
fat clown
And you know I haven't been down the rig and you see all those billboards all the waxy billboards and there's everybody
They got on the air and we we don't even have a guy with a with a frickin sandwich board
Slip it up and down the can road mall or up and down Las Olas. Yeah, we have nothing
Well, we lose all that money on the marlins. Well good nice business deals
Okay, you really made a lot of brilliant business decisions finally dumping the panthers
Which there's no interest at all in the market finally dumping the marlins after the season which does a long
Torturous a month to go plus
I guess a month to go yeah, there's a two months no two months. We got August and September am I right? Yeah
Holy cow, how are we gonna survive that?
Where'd I go there? We just had a lot more sports writers
Maybe we could get any Pope if we can get some more oxygen if Hank doesn't use up all the oxygen
We can have a little leftover for any Pope and put him on the air we could get him on this show, you know
His archaic ass and Jim. Well, what's his name?
Starting he got candid the Sun sent let's put that fat Bufo to it on the year and see if he can puff up a point one or something
You know instead of those tapes on Friday
It was so great happening. It was almost exciting is when mayor novel was here talking about the homo is oh god
Seriously, why don't they just why don't they just cut their losses right now without show why don't they put on
I don't know forber McGee and Molly reruns anything
Anything until a fat head kid and they get out of his deal and come come over
Well, what do you like? Oh Chris is making funny faces. Yeah about what?
Yeah, no, you know, he's yeah pretty good making pretty knows up what's looking like a piggy. Yeah, it's fun
He does that. Yeah, let's see mornings men men big is still number one
Apollo ancient rumba they dropped almost two points. They'd got from a seven six to a five nine
That's that they're getting water down under none. No, not that it's watering down
Let's put them on 80 hours a day and see how long they'll live number one and number two how long their numbers will stay up
Jesus God
Well, thank God Joe rose one up to a three six. That was their biggest number
Look up for that nighttime number now that he's leaving there. I beg your pardon
I don't know about my evening. You send me nighttime. Well, yeah, nighttime is the right time for turning off the radio
What's upon a time in this market back when some of us were on at nighttime nighttime was pretty exciting radio
There were a lot of yeah, but you used to be exciting in this time
Yeah, I remember when I worked in radio in this market once upon a time a long time
I don't I never worked in radio in this market. No, no, well you clearly were fairly close
Everybody was on the right page. They wanted to put on good radio shows
We actually had a little bit of promotion. We had the TV spots there and five green centers over there to the stadium
And we didn't write any idea what we do. There were billboards all over the place in those days
Not no mole because we got to give all the way to the marlins because they take showers naked to get
Word the all the bees these care about is guys who take showers naked together
Guys who are playing good old country hardballs. That's what they care about
Not that we're bitter anything like that or pissed off about or yeah, or that it's cost and it's money and some of us can't afford to lose any
Well, you know something I just sent you a big check. I think always bug on yeah
I know going to and smack him with a baseball bat. Right Chris. Okay. Not coming to side
So now let's see who beat us out life. Oh look at that life
Right, man 25 to 54 you couldn't find a guy 25 to 54
Well, if you had a search party or
And a thousand dollars cash to pay by somebody you couldn't find it
They got a six five they went from a three seven to a six five all of a sudden life
Mm-hmm like every guy 25 to 54 now works in a dentist or a doctor's office
They rock they're rocking out right now. Oh, yeah
They're they're they're washing
Michael Bolton and the Carpenters they're rocking they're rocking this and also tied for number one CM QFA
Emma your people yes, they were number one. I was trying to explain is that phenomenon what that?
Arbitron sends diaries to people they don't know who they're sending them to so you have to
People know they pay them you know like 80 million dollars to fill it out and at the right angle they give you like 80 cents
Don't let's make excuses for it. Okay
No, obviously we've not it actually
It's a great screaming and gnashing and carrying on for a long time and you can't you cannot get through to these people because
First of all clearance ought to be fired before noon. Okay. His eyes ought to be fired now right before noon
Like you remember the network he said I want to have her office by it before noon and if you're not all out of your office
I'll have you a thrown out remember that Robert sure
It's very good for your own and now when you hold and dead Robert Duval still alive
It's a really good out of their clearance. You're a butcher
You're a radio what George Bush is to the world. Okay. You're a butcher. You're a murderer. You're a slaughterer
Clarence you idiot you quizzling and you're fair more sports on the board. You'll listen don't you understand the concept?
Look that's not gonna change I can live with that even as ponderous and one-dimensional as it is
But the fact is that when you got guys on they're not broadcasters. Okay. Nothing that was ever a qualification
This thing is no more small level
They put Lenny Martez on the year. As long as they're talking to you can't stay love it
And the crow yeah, and oh Jay we get the juice back we get oh Jay
How about O.J. Simpson? He's pretty pissed off now about the Goldman's and I folks let's get him on here
He might have a thing or two to say yeah
We can get him to confess of course nobody would know about it already didn't promote it
We wouldn't promote it even if we knew a week ahead of time we still wouldn't promote it if he was gonna talk about sports we would
Well, you get off of that Jag already no bags is good off the Jag no I will not bug him me
I will not do it
Well, we beat out power look at that they got fourth. Oh, what am I looking at?
Oh, no, that's in the morning. I'm so they don't program to men over there
Programmed to children. That's right. Which is what we do we put your overgrown children
Here's Alex my didn't know you didn't hear the end of that did you this room by chance talking to Chris?
No, not at all. I was listening to NPR the way when Alex Mark have on the show when the thing ended
I'm trying to think of what point it was because I wasn't here when the show ended I was out here nine o'clock
Well anyway when he finally left when he got his nasty ass and left out of there
Kenny Walker put his lips on his ass so hard that I could hear the popping sound all the way up here
When the lips finally released the cheeks. I mean just kissy kissy. Oh gee. It was so always so green
You're so wonderful. Oh god Alex
If they're not doing each other man, and I'd be really surprised I'd be shocked they are doing something
Yeah, maybe they could start a new two-man show the two of them. I don't know what station will put them on step and felt it
Oh
Or step on something the other right station. Yeah for that right station for that you're right
God nasty nasty stupid ideas. Let's just put these same and of course once the basketball season starts
Then I was gonna be on 15 18 hours a day. You know that they bring in this is the only radio station
I've ever heard of in America where they bring in there's a truck that brings in gigantic tanks of oxygen to keep people going on
We know the Humper needs a hit
Tank it okay even though there's all those rumors they want to blow his fat ass out of there
But there would be a bad idea but he did fine the afternoons him and the mad dog
Yeah, I think if we if we just had what's his name on more the Drew Rosenstein house crans the shorts
Who's hated and reviled by everybody if we just had him on a little bit more to and Alex Marvaz
There's nothing else to say you know
You cannot talk to these people you can't tell them anything they're the experts. They know it all
They're the radio mavens man, and so God bless them God bless America. So where did we wind up?
I keep looking for you know. No, I don't mean us
The station nine hide for nine
With Waxi, oh, that's right a dead guy that he we had a bigger cum though
Which means during week we had like eight thousand more people big deal that in 40 cents a buy a half a stick a halibut in Brooklyn
Big stinking deal. Well, there you go. That's my contribution today. I'm done. All right. I'm done and I'm all done
But we don't ask me they don't spend it all one place. Okay. I won't buy it already spent by
Three-till-nood five-six-year-old
Noon I wish 11
See gone yet. Yeah, okay. It's not gonna talk about my perspective
Three-till eleven on five sixty Q. I am
Yes, I am are you sure
Yes
Britney Spears has reportedly had another breakdown while filming a video in Los Angeles
Witnesses said she appeared disoriented
Any radical during the shoot for her new single get back on lookers also said she made
Symbol trips to the bathroom, but maybe it's not what you think I
Welcome to Starbucks man take your order
Hello, can I get a one day fat but she know are you Britney Spears? Yeah, what's that in the front of your pants?
Oops
Like a leaky pan
She needs a
The money I will have a pretzel all I show I have a big
Call out that don't say that I can't
It's
Be herself again like a water jet
Britney
Hey yo Britney I want to have the kids this weekend
You can't have the kids this weekend is that alive Britney I'm responsible. I don't go drinking anymore
I don't say that all Britney what's that on the front of your pants
self again
Like
Can't make it
As a problem here the fix you problem there who you I'm pop stop big things
Yeah, apparently you got some leaky plumber
I
Don't
Hey
Hey
What's the matter
When Britney's
Let's go get guys
I'm really horn
Yeah
Except for that
Why are you ready to think I'm gonna die for isn't it? I would I really care I just want to drink wine cool
It's like pass out how about you
Hey
Oh
Hey
herself again
Just like a rainstorm
Her pants is warm
She paid herself
Love it oh four five sixty q. I am how did I make that story no well I'm not really watching those shows as much as I used to oh wait
I never used to somebody else did in the house to have to explain that again. Thank you professor for giving you all the updates um
I
Don't you know I could just say this I don't know what I'm saying I wasn't trying to make excuses for the ratings oh because I thought that when I was explaining that correct me if I'm wrong Chris that we both gain and lose from the fact that arbitra has this weird F-duck system
Yeah, so it's it's luck of the draw there's a luck factor involved. I just I wish it was accurate
You know that would be nice that would be fair if it was accurate if it was really really accurate then you would
Generantly know how many people are listening to you have an actual clear idea of what's going on?
But a lot of that's the system sometimes it screws us most of the time it screws us sometimes it benefits us whatever it is what it is
And as far as this place goes I mean Neil can make excuses you know for the sports writers this and that it's the format
It's the format it's the format it doesn't matter how much you believe in the format inside the building the people across the street
Hey, here's a secret over there Stu gots who's the guy that runs at Joel Feinberg here's a secret that you may or may not already know
You have the ability to put this place out of business within a year except that you are infected with the same disease that these people have
So there's no chance for you all right
You have the same you're the same kind of religious fanatics that run this radio station and that's why all it's going to take is some radio station
Somewhere in town to decide to do what has been done before and has been successful already in this town phenomenally successful
And nobody wants to knows how to or it's weird it's not an original idea you don't have to be brave to do it
You understand that'd be like hmm I wonder I wonder if people would buy water in a bottle
I wonder if they would
It's like that kind of thought you can I don't know I don't know
I wish I knew the answer to that question I wish before I invested a bunch of money in selling water by the bottles
I wish I had a I don't know an idea if it would be successful
So that I wouldn't have to risk my money blindly
Because investors you know you don't want to risk your money blindly do you you want to you want to bank it
You want to you want to bet on a sure thing so water by the bottle I don't know I don't know it comes out of the faucet
I want anybody want to buy it out of the bottle hey Joe how you doing?
So so there you go it's like that you got a product that has been successful is successful all over the country
It has been successful in this market nobody wants to do it hey what do we know so you know it's been nice knowing you
I don't know if Neil is going to sign another contract again here
Good God God help us if he does
Brian
But hey but what I just changed the mood on my my space site to Chipper
Really?
It's an amazing thing that a bird come flying into the room I don't know I just change it to Chipper it's amazing how things like that can happen
What was it before?
Indescribable
Like like a swirling vortex of like limbo you know when you're like kind of in a free fall you don't know if you're going up down sideways or
Yeah
In or in different directions you know now it's it's Chipper I just scroll down they got a lot of emotions on there on the my space site
By the way I've been updating it daily just tweaking it little by little it's not like this giant overhaul thing
And thank you Miguel for the nice compliment praise from Caesar coming from all different directions because he was the guy that created the page in the first place and little by little I learn how to do it
I love that slide dot com business I'll tell you what I'm not done I'm going through my pictures very methodically
And trying to create not just slide shows which is fun to do with that slide dot com but I'm going to go in there and you know how some people have in their pictures instead of having them just all out they have little galleries you click on one and it goes to a gallery I'm going to try to get that going on so I'm going to get some my personal pictures and then some radio pictures and then certain like event galleries for example I'm going to get a bunch of roller skating pictures together I already have some I don't know if I have enough to make a decent gallery and speaking of that I'm just tangeting all over the place
speaking on I got to change my song I want to talk to you about that player that you were talking about I want to change my song I want to try to keep the song changed at least at least once a week how's that because people keep asking me out the song you're playing this nothing you gave me the great idea of that if that player plays a different tune every time it loads yeah basically a load I'll just randomly play a different that's just a whole bunch of on there and then someone stays on your page you'll go song song I can put stuff on there like whatever it is that that we do that's not a good thing to do is just play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs and then you can play a lot of songs
and then you've been playing lately turning the audience on too lately we can put that on there or songs that reflect my mood or have something to do with life which people may or may not understand depending on how close to me they are but that's you know that's another story
so yeah thank you Miguel for the compliment boy because I went in and read all the slides shows that he all I added to him I added to the middle finger mafia, I've got some Georgia pictures in there did you see it?
And I can't just spinning. You know what's funny about the middle finger picks when they're spinning?
Since most of the middle fingers are actually in the middle of the picture, it's like spinning around the middle fingers. The pictures come towards you.
It creates kind of a cool effect.
And I took all the frames out because the frames actually made everything smaller. So I took all the frames off.
I added the Bridget slideshow. I added some more women to the Grabass Gallery.
Especially the ones that have been in here recently.
Like Georgia and Kelly from Hobos and Martha from Blue Moon Fish Company etc. and so on.
And then other people, these are the pictures with girls.
Man, I wish I had my galleries that got flooded, my album. I had an album full.
Especially from Bible Camp Boy. There were some Bible Camp hotties on there.
Up to and including the ones that broke my heart. Well those were little mini heart breaks.
You know, those weren't like real life-scarring heart breaks.
Which is weird. I was telling somebody the story the other day about the one.
The one up to up to who knows. Up until the next time. How's that?
Heartbreak, the search engine girl, paid Hunter. She broke my heart. And then the next time I saw her,
she had this big old, this giant purple scar right down the middle of her chest.
From having open heart surgery. Wow.
Where they, I mean we're talking like the full length from her neck to her navel.
Well those big fat purple scar like as big around as your arm.
They had to pry her chest way open and operate on her heart.
Out. Within a year of her smashing mind pieces, they had to open up her chest and work on her heart.
You see? It's karma. It may be. Maybe karma.
I keep telling people. And I might have been a bastard in my previous life.
But I've been for the most part pretty good in this one. Good to the people around me. Not perfect who is.
And when I have screwed up, I usually. Usually. You know it's like the whole my name is Earl thing.
See I was never like a bastard where I had to make things up to people.
It's just you know you're a human. You can be thoughtless, especially us guys.
You can just be a space cadet. You can be thoughtless. You can be high.
You can just do things accidentally. Doesn't make you a bad person that can make you a space cadet.
It can make you thoughtless. But usually when I do something that winds up hurting someone's feelings or otherwise,
I seek to make it up to them. I want to clear my conscience. It's important to me.
And so I think that somebody up there, whether it's God or the gods or the karma gods or cosmic forces,
whatever they eventually things happen to people that come at me.
There's I could talk for the whole radio show about little things like that.
So I don't I don't do the revenge thing. You know you're going to come at me from behind.
You're going to stab me in the back. You're going to break my heart page hunter.
That's between you and the cosmos baby. That's between you and the karma gods.
I have people watching out for me. I have friends in high places watching out for me.
Their favorite boy. Give me little kisses on the forehead.
You too honey. You too sweetheart.
Better watch how you treat me.
You too Pete Lenny. No, he's been treating me alright. Got me this gig here.
International Space Station. This is Houston. Copy.
We have a problem. What is your problem?
Your problem. Your problem.
Your problem. Your problem.
Commander, your speech is flared. Are you running out of oxygen?
He's the oxygen. We're out here.
You have beer on the Space Station Commander.
No, no more. The Cag is empty.
Commander, there is no beer cag on the International Space Station.
I know. Help. We're out.
Space Station. You're referring to the ammonia container that was genocent.
I'm running an ammonia on the beer.
We drank it.
Everybody just just just just just shelted out.
All I got left is a cage, and it tastes like cheese.
Roger that commander are you okay?
Sir.
Oh, oh, man, you were about to...
Sir, you were about to...
Sir, what about Sir?
Sir, sir, sir.
Sir, commander.
Oh, sir, you may have given me that.
Sir, sir, sir, sir, sir, sir.
Sir, sir, sir, sir, sir.
Oh, oh, man, are you okay sir?
Sir, sir, sir, sir.
Oh, God, I was everywhere.
I loved the 19, 5,60 QAM.
That wasn't funny, but it was almost two minutes long.
Wow.
And you know what, if we played it continuously,
we'd still have a higher number than some shows.
Really?
And by some, I mean, all of them.
Anyway, speaking of some things,
this is a totally bad segue.
So I'm trying to go skating tonight at Gold Coast, ladies and gentlemen,
I'm not sure what time it is.
Seven, maybe eight, eight to something.
I have to look it up.
They don't have a website.
Hey, Gold Coast, get a website.
I have a website.
They don't have a website.
You just look them up and...
They're information like, you know, the Google map information,
direct information, that's all you get on them.
You got to call them up.
So, archaic.
Speaking of stuff that I'd like to buy, if I had the money,
a radio station and a roller rink.
I'd actually like to have a multi-media fill in the blank company.
You know, have one of each.
Except I think, anymore, I probably wouldn't want to buy a newspaper company.
These papers are going away.
Sorry, all you newspaper people.
Sorry, Miami Herald.
You two, slum, sentinel.
Why?
Why would I dirty?
I never wanted dirty my fingers, which is to talk about coming full circle.
I used to be a big advocate of newspapers as a paper boy since that was my first job.
By the way, see that picture on my space speaking of that?
That's me as a paper boy.
Oh, that was interesting.
That's me the year I got my first job, my first real, like, tax paying job there at the age of 14.
And working in paying taxes and social security ever since.
They start, yeah, out young, don't they, in America?
Man, they start picking your pocket at the earliest of ages.
Long before my burger flipping jobs, there was paper boy.
I was successful.
I have, I won awards.
I got plaques.
I was a victim of my own success.
I took over the Southern kids paper out, Bill Filler.
Thank you, Bill.
He got me into it.
He was possibly one of the best roller skaters I ever knew in my life.
One of the Christian kids and just a freaking hot dog.
And he didn't want to do the paper thing anymore.
His dad, his adopted dad, had several businesses in that town.
One of them was he had the milk delivery franchise.
I'm not talking about milkman, like going to people's houses.
It wasn't that long ago.
You go to the stores, deliver milk to the stores.
He had that job.
He was the milk distributor.
And he wanted Bill to help him do the schlepping and everything.
He was going to give him a better job.
But he wanted somebody to take over his paper out so that he wouldn't be leaving on bad terms.
Because that's how people are up there.
They are conscientious, even to their bosses, even to their employers.
And he didn't want to leave the distributor in a lurch and offered to have someone trained it before he left.
I think I got my first job also.
Really?
That's my first radio job was the same kind of a situation.
So he trained me and it was the best paper route ever because it was up to avenues.
Up one avenue, down the other, almost every house on both of those streets were subscribers.
So it was many, many customers in a very small area, maximum profit minimum time.
Sweet.
How did you get the newspapers?
The distributor would drop the giant bales, however many you ordered, would drop them in a designated area.
Like they would leave them in your car port, inside a car, nobody locked their cars.
There would be a designated drop-off area where they would be weather protected.
And then you would go and grab them, open up the bundles.
They would be tied with those plastic strips.
You open up the bundles and you pack them up in your paper boy apron thing, the thing in the front thing in the back.
And you spin it around and do that.
And then some people did the rubber banding and everything like that.
My own method, secret of my success.
I had a couple of success secrets over here.
I didn't go through the time of folding the paper up and wrapping it and I didn't throw papers.
I did not throw anyone's paper.
What I did is I would go to their front door and I would open their screen door and put the paper inside
and between the screen door and their front door.
This is a cold area where it's cold a lot of times.
And people want to get their paper and their...
Yeah.
I know how it's done because when you go get your paper, you're in your pajamas, you're in your underwear.
You don't want to put your snow boots on and go walk it out somewhere to get your wet paper.
Thinking about people and how they want to get their paper on.
I'm thinking if I am a subscriber to a newspaper, I want to open up my front door and my underwear into my pajamas
and have the paper fall into my house all nice and dry.
And that's what they got with me.
So I never lost a customer and I gained a few.
But then, but then the distributor wanted somebody new to take over that route because they had another route where somebody was leaving and it was a challenging daunting route.
It was over the river and through the woods.
It covered all this area.
It was like on the outskirts of town kind of.
That was the closest person to it as far as where I lived.
But I had to ride to get to the route to even begin it and then it went through up this country road down this other area.
And if you, through a few developments, I hit in a trailer park it was like this giant sprawl of area with about half the customers that I already had.
Too bad, take it or leave it.
So you left it.
So here's secret of success number two.
I always ordered an extra paper or two.
And I'd always bought a house.
Somebody did look like a dirt bag and for the month I would deliver their papers for free.
And then at the end of the month while I was collecting for everybody else, I would say,
I'm the dude responsible for delivering those papers for free.
I just wanted to give you a taste of what it's like to be one of my paper route customers.
Dry paper right inside your door there.
Always on time.
If you would like to continue the service, here's the subscription fee for the spokesman review.
If you would not, then I'm going to take this, you know, rotate the offer to someone else because you know, that's my deal.
I'll give you free papers for a month so that you can see what it's like.
I was turned down only once and I did that continuously.
So then I made that the most profitable paper route in town.
And so I won.
And I also won awards for always paying my bills on time because that's how they worked it.
They would deliver the papers to you and then you would get billed for the number of papers that you took delivery of
and you had a month to pay for those papers.
You got to keep the rest of it.
You had to collect from all the customers, you see.
And I was the only one in town that never, ever, ever was late paying his paper bill, ever, ever.
Not too bad.
And there's the picture. There it is. There's little junior entrepreneur right there. Kiwai Amholo.
You actually thought a customer is interesting.
I know it's bizarre. And then I came here and that's why I get nothing but screwed and laughed at ever since I've come to this town.
I'm wrong for this place.
Reason I call it, I just kind of wanted to know mancount.
Did he even make a glitch at that morning show?
No, I don't know. I don't know what number that is, what station, what the...
40 AM in the morgue letters because they go by call letters.
Oh, I'm...
I'm sorry.
I have no freaking idea.
Me either. If somebody knows I'll look but will understand something, they're out of the market.
They're not expected to get any ratings down here.
Yeah, I see. Half interesting. I mean, you can't hold a candle to you guys.
But that's the only thing I've listened to before you're showing.
Hey, if I could pick it up clearly, I'd listen every morning.
Sometimes I can, sometimes I can. At least it's something.
Right, right.
All right, so...
Thanks a lot. Oh, look for it. If somebody knows the call letters about whatever, I know that...
It starts with a W. 1126 on 560 WQAM.
I don't want another rabbi.
I don't want to even see them try.
I don't want to see them hearted.
Lady Helen, love if you judge.
You die.
But if you grab his rocket,
when my finger and tell you why.
Bitch, go away, don't touch him.
Or I'll be kicking your ass.
Tim, more blood, my husband.
You need to show them crap.
It's a little pro thing.
It's unacceptable.
It's sick, it's sick.
Unbeatable, I'm pissed, I'm pissed.
29 till 12, 560 QAM.
So I got it until September 10th before they fire me.
That's wild.
We're always on vacation this week.
We're taking bets as to whether or not he's coming back on vacation.
We were like, that appearance that we did at Verizon on Saturday.
We were talking about that.
It's like, oh, you're going on vacation?
Well, it's been nice knowing you.
Anything you want me to, you know,
any of your personal possessions that you want me to grab out of the office?
Well, I do have some things he had asked me about before when he thought he was gone already.
Sure, we'll see.
So during that last segment, Joe Belstix is heading the door asking Chris
when Neil comes back for the regular schedule.
I guess that's when they're going to fire me for taking shots at the station.
Which, I guess that only leaves Neil, right?
Taking shots at the station.
Yeah.
Well, well, managed does occasionally.
Does he really?
Well, that's our chance.
Both of them are, they get a buy.
If you will, manage because he talks gop and, and Neil because he's Neil.
But they're not probably not going to put up with it, you know, from the likes of me.
Whatever, that's okay.
Everything will work out.
I'm sure.
Speaking of that, no managed today.
Joseph Gackie coming on from Tutilford.
And I'm sure, I don't understand this yet.
So when it's Joseph Gackie, there is no power hour.
When it's not managed, there is no power hour.
If there's, if, if, if, if, manage and Hank aren't both on, there's no power hour.
Just one of the two goes an extra hour.
Goes till five.
So it's Joseph Gackie till five, starting at two, then Hank five till six thirty.
We have Marlon's undead.
I think Hank might be starting at five or four.
Oh.
Yeah, it's all, I think.
I'll get a clarification.
I want to, um, Clarence is in the office with the door closed.
I'm sure they're talking about firing him.
Yeah.
Sure.
I was going to say something else.
I'm sure they're talking about how to get the numbers lower.
But, uh, or that can have that going on.
Can have people on there getting numbers.
We're going to have to get rid of them.
Marlon's undead at six thirty, seven oh five.
It's Marlon's versus Colorado.
So, um, yeah, I was going to, you know, ask him about that.
But the door is closed.
So, hey, Josh Clarence, as soon as, uh, you're out of that meeting, figuring out what to do.
Please tell us what's going on at four o'clock.
So, I can tell the audience.
QA M Hello.
Hey, what about WWNN from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m.?
6 a.m. to 9 WWNN.
Yeah, Steve Kane.
Just for you.
I'll look that up just for you.
From 6 a.m. to 9 a.m., well, remember, we have to do 6 to 10.
Right.
Right now.
WWNN, the Mr. Ego Station.
That's funny.
6 a.m. to midnight here.
6 to 10.
Just to humor that guy, we should get some, uh, some filler music, some to fill in music.
Like that Irish, uh, Irish jigsduff, I was planning this morning for your girl.
In the hopes.
Thank you.
I'm going to just start at the last page and work forward, right?
For that's the patient.
Maybe there'll be a WWNN.
Hey, Wheat.
We got a station called Wheat.
And then WMEN, is that the new station?
Is that the station that man cow is on?
Is that the, uh, WMEN?
We have a station like that.
Well, they're over here, too.
It's just a case that somebody called, you know, and I don't know the call letters of that station.
Well, you have to 0.6 in the morning for what that's worth.
You know, man cow.
You're assuming that those are their call letters WMEN.
They had a 0.6.
WW, what did he say?
WWNN, I think it was a thing.
NN.
NN.
Not here.
Let me go through again.
This time from the front, just to be fair.
Looking for anything that's WW over here.
It's an amazing phenomenon.
That some people can make a living with no ratings.
It's inspirational actually.
Going through very carefully, don't want to be accused of, uh, you know, sandbagging.
Who's WWFE?
What's that?
Sandbagging.
Yes.
Sir, they don't appear.
Not an hour target demo, man 2554.
That is the demo that I have over here available to me.
I wish I could check another demo for you.
Well, actually, I don't wish I could check another demo for you.
If you're not showing up on a talk station in man 2554, then you're not showing up.
Period.
QA.
Hello.
Yeah, I don't think so.
What's that number again?
7862904941.
Y'all are slipping right there.
7862904941 for Daron.
He's very lonely.
So we called about 10 times this morning.
So we're we for what it's worth?
5670560 and Dayton Broward.
8777856345 is toll free outside of Dayton Broward.
Palant 560 is free for AT&T and Verizon Wireless users.
You better start marking funny things on the tapes there for me, Chris.
So I can make a demo.
Okay.
It's you know, it's alright.
It's not like I didn't know that this day was coming eventually.
I mean, first of all, the Neo Ryder show isn't going to last forever.
Obviously, no radio station in this town does a does a talk format.
So I knew it was going to be leaving this town.
I'm not depressed about that.
I never thought I'd be staying in this town.
I can't wait to get the hell out of this town.
Sorry, honey.
I'll write to you from Vancouver or wherever, somewhere in the northwest.
Miguel, before they out blew his ass out of here, was always talking about going like to the northeast.
That's all going to the northeast.
I'm like, I don't know.
See, I don't know that much about it.
Visited New York City just the one time, four days.
It was fun.
It was interesting.
It wasn't nice.
It was a city.
How's that?
You could walk around.
You could get a cab.
You could get a subway.
You could go places, do things.
Things to do.
Things to see.
To buy.
It was like this mall.
It was like living in an outdoor mall.
Or staying in an outdoor mall for four days.
That's my only knowledge, my only experience of the northeast.
Here's what I presume about the northeast.
It's crowded.
Is that a fair assumption?
Being the old original colonial area that it is.
It's very a lot of old things there, but also a lot of population.
Personally, I like living in areas where the population was sparse.
There was lots of elbow room.
Lots of distance between you and your neighbors.
Maybe that's why everybody was neighborly.
That expression of good fences.
Make good neighbors.
You've heard that before.
What else makes good neighbors?
Miles been between you.
QIAM hello.
Hey.
Hey, Ann.
Yes.
It's fire boy.
There's a speed trap.
I'm a neighborhood westbound.
Right over the bridge that goes over a 441.
They've got people pulled over right left and center.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
It's us against them, unfortunately.
It's not supposed to be, but it is.
QIAM hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey, George.
Hi.
Why don't you come up here to Palm Beach, man?
Maybe.
I understand.
I understand.
Well, like, man cow, that's how you know, that's how they have talk stations up there, I understand.
Yeah.
I've heard of these things.
We used to have them in this town.
Yeah, I know.
I might.
I might just.
If they fire me September 10th, who knows what that was all about?
They don't know what the hell this is doing anyway, man.
I said what does bad word sorry about that.
I don't know.
Oh, you said hell.
Yeah, that's all right.
We can say it because we didn't ask.
Yeah.
All right.
It was the thought.
All right.
Take it easy.
QIAM hello.
Hey, George.
How are you?
Hey, what's going on?
I just got on the radio.
Are you, are you clear or something?
No, man, I'm not going to quit.
No, Joe Bell came in here and asked one of the regular schedule starts, and I just took that to mean that's when they're going to fire me.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, when the summer ends, you're going to be gone?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Are you playing around or is like, yeah, that's...
Joe Bell pops his head into the studios.
He said, ask George when the summer schedule ends.
When Neil goes back to the regular schedule, and Chris answered Joe's question September 10th, and then Joe left, and I said to Chris,
that's probably when they're going to fire me.
That's why he asked that.
Uh, so it's not for sure, right?
No, no, of course.
I just, uh, I'm just pulling things out of my bed.
I can't do that, man.
You put so much of damn work in that work.
Okay, that doesn't matter.
No, don't you understand?
It's weird.
I don't know what matters to these people, but ratings and work does not.
Uh, okay.
I'm tired of hearing about that.
No problem.
What's going to happen tonight?
I'm not.
I won't be.
Uh, well, you got to enjoy Hollywood.
Yeah, sure.
All right.
All right.
I'm taking it easy enough.
And bye.
Nice talking to you.
QA M, hello.
Hey, George, how are you?
Fine, how are you?
I'm doing good.
I, so then definitely not firing you for real.
Well, not as far as I know.
It's just my speculation.
You know, I've been in this business a long time.
I see how it happens with people, you know?
So that's just my primary theory.
Well, you know, I said this before.
I talked about where?
I put out an email, you know, at the beginning of the schedule and everything.
I put out an email explaining the whole summer scheduled to everybody, including Joe.
Right.
Well, I said this to you before about, you know, it's like, you know,
you tell me where you would go or whatever.
It doesn't matter.
And, you know, I just came back from out of town.
And, you know, it's wherever you go, it's better than where we are right now.
That's for sure.
I mean, I just came back from Cleveland, Ohio.
And it was better.
I'm not sure.
Listen, it's funny because it's true.
That's why I'm laughing.
I know you're not joking.
I always get into these conversation-slash arguments with the wife.
And I'm always saying that.
I say, everywhere that I've been has been better than here.
And she goes, you act like this is the worst place in the world in this world.
And if you leave, that's going to be the answer to all your problems.
And I said, no, I don't-and I said, hey, Neil, that's not what I said at all.
That's not what's not putting words in my mouth.
I said, because I haven't been everywhere in the world or everywhere in America.
I've been in a lot of places.
This is the worst of all of those places that I've ever had the misery of being stuck in.
Harder and harder every time I go away to talk about it.
Not to mention, not to mention that I can't afford to live here.
Here, here we are living in a miserable pit of hate and filth that I can't afford.
The people in Cleveland were so nice.
It was kind of like that scary night that you thought they were all going to turn into like,
where was there something at night?
Sure.
That's the same reaction, like when I took the wife to North Carolina,
which the people in North Carolina are a bungalow compared to the people in the Northwest.
And still, she was amazed.
She was scared because she thought that they were coming at her for something.
And so they don't want anything from you except a smile and a head nod.
And to become part of the community.
Sure.
It's crazy.
Well, I hope they don't fire for selfish reasons, but whatever.
Yeah, whatever.
It's nothing else.
It's good stick.
We love you.
All right.
I love you too.
QAIM, hello.
Hey, good morning.
How are you?
Fine, how are you?
Okay, thank you very much.
QAIM, hello.
Hey, how are you?
Good.
I'm one of those guys who thinks that you do a good job.
What do you know?
Hey George, I'm from New England.
Every time I go up there, the A&M radio is coming back across the country strong.
Okay.
I mean, you know, so I'm going to show business through, but I entertain the business.
I think, no matter what they change or anything, I think the A&M radio is strong.
Guys like you that do a good job.
You got nothing to worry about.
No, I agree with you.
I know that I'll get a job somewhere.
I know there are other radio stations in this country.
It's just a matter of where.
Hey, I'm going to tell you, I live in Pompeville.
I kind of like it.
It's not too developed and not too crowded.
I'm close to Miami or West.
So if you're going to live down here, I just kind of like...
I don't mind Hollywood.
Hollywood's fine.
I just wish I could afford it where we are.
Hey, I'm on it.
Yeah, go ahead.
One more thing.
Did you see the Bill Maher comedy thing on HBO?
A long time ago, the one where he had the papers on the floor in front of him?
No, no, the one he just did one about it.
No, no.
It was excellent.
It was more...
I talked to you a while ago.
It was more of what we wanted here from him.
It was funny, but it was right on.
He always says that just before he comes back on the air.
Hey, I hope you see it.
Good luck, George.
All right, thank you very much.
I'll check it out.
I like what he says, but he's not funny.
I wish he would stop trying.
He should just give it up.
Give up trying to be funny and just talk.
Just make some points.
Don't try to make them funny.
You're not funny, Bill.
17-12 on 560 WQAM.
Here's NFL superstar, Michael Vic.
For FlexPets.
Do you love dogs?
But I am too busy to own one photon.
Hi.
I'm Michael Vic for FlexPets.
The dog rental company.
FlexPets let you enjoy canine company without the commitment.
You can take your FlexPet dog for a walk, play fed, or fool down a couple of hundies.
And watch a kicker ass of another dog.
Ehh, allegedly.
Excuse me, Michael.
And FlexPets have all weeded dogs from Pitmooda, my wife's head.
I can't, Mark, Michael.
Why?
I'm sorry.
FlexPets has just dropped you as a spokesman.
But I'll say it allegedly.
FlexPets.
Now everyone can have a dog.
Yo, can I have this one, Bokka Blower?
No, no.
No, Michael, game.
Dan is right on this and halfway through this cough drop over here, chewing on it.
Here's the fact.
Well, let me do this in order because we didn't even talk about the poll yet, have we?
No, we either won.
We have thousands of days.
Those are the votes.
Or today's what?
We have almost a thousand votes.
We do.
And today's poll.
We'll talk about which way to 215?
Boxing 15 to 20 out of 10.
Sure.
We'll start doing that from now on.
It's not like we can't.
It's just that I don't care.
But whatever, just to just to humor Neil, why not?
Come on, everybody.
We need another way.
Here's five votes for that.
Here's another theory about why Joe asked that.
Maybe they're planning some sort of an ad campaign.
Billboards, TV ads and things like that.
To promote the return of Neil Rogers.
No more of that obnoxious sounding George.
Neil's coming back.
Because that's how they put it.
You know the promo.
You know, you hear promos for the sports writers and everything.
And we make fun of them because like, I know I whisper over them and say things like,
they think this makes people want to listen more.
They think that this makes people want to listen more.
You don't say that, do you?
I do.
I do say that.
A lot of stuff cracks me up when I'm going to the bathroom and everything.
You see it, you witness it.
They're always having these meetings.
They're in the bullpen strategizing.
They're having these meetings and they're sending people out to this place and out to the camp and out to these trips.
And all of this effort.
Multi-people, budget, equipment, engineers, staff, vehicles.
A monumental mobilization of resources, manpower and efforts to generate tiny, tiny numbers.
And it cracks me up.
It always cracks me up when I walk by there.
And the promos and the things that they advertise all the time, they think that make people want to listen more.
Josh asked me, I was talking to Allison yesterday because she wants you to train somebody today and stuff like that.
She's talking about some stuff going on.
And Josh came and he's like, so you've done programming the station yet?
I'm like, I'm not trying to program it.
You know, I'm just, you know.
I am just here.
I will.
Hey, by the way, Josh, I know more than you about this business.
How's that?
I forgot more about this.
I've forgotten more about this business than you'll ever know.
I've been on the earth since I was 17.
Successful in every aspect of this business except for the sales aspect.
And now you're a successful paperboy, so.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
My one failure, sales.
And see the paperboy thing that wasn't so much sales.
You know what I mean?
I didn't have to ask somebody blindly for their money and the hopes that something would happen.
That was my method.
I gave them a sample and said, you know, you want more of this?
It cost you this much.
You were almost like a drug dealer.
Almost.
Giving away the free, you know, come back.
Sure, absolutely.
Just enough to get a taste.
You don't have to go out to the vending machine.
You don't have to go out to the drug store.
I'm saving you money.
The paper costs you 25 cents in the machine.
I'm selling it to you for 17 cents.
Now, would you ride from house to house and you'd like walk up there?
How did you do it?
I rode from house to house and then I had my method.
Depending on where their door was, I would have to dismount, obviously.
Run up and then, but I had it down smooth.
You know how it is when you do something over and over again?
I would either lean the bike up against something or, you know, or use the kickstand,
but it was a very smooth operation and I did it relatively quickly.
But why are you trying to tangent me off to off of a rip in the radio station?
I'm sure it's just going to be an ad campaign.
But I always find that it's funny that they go through these huge, huge monumental efforts in order to generate low ratings.
In the meantime, the, I mean, Neil, Neil at least has rejoined with his name on it.
He's the highest rated guy on the station, but he's got rejoined with his name on it.
And he's on the QA and website, his name and picture around there.
The second highest rated guy on the station isn't mentioned on the website.
No, I, I, I, no, and no, and no rejoin has ever had my name on it.
No, no station generated audio product has ever had my name on it unless it's a paid commercial
and let's say client pays to have me involved in their promotion and their commercial.
And then maybe you'll hear Tommy say my name or something like that.
But the station just to show you where how they feel about their second highest audience draw person, rated person, nothing, nothing, nothing.
I'm an embarrassment to them.
Yeah, I had to have the laugh when I had to promote around me.
They, at no point will they mention me at all, not never, never mind like it's something good that George is on the air.
When I first started on the show, I remember for Josh.
And you know, one of the first ones when Neil was off, so you were working.
And I'm like, I load up our, you know, because we have for the rejoiners, we feel like, no, we have, it's a daily bed.
Sure. We just, you know, load up this whole thing and all these little rejoiners about it.
I know where this is going. Yeah, and it says, George, right, we guys rejoin.
Yeah, or exit. George, you're like, oh, hey, George, you hadn't hanged him.
And you think that exactly, you got to lie, like listen to it.
Boom, this is the deal right, George, you're just showing me a little right.
And the leader of the show, we can't mention George. George has not exist. He's never, he's not, no.
But that's just because it has not been the rejoin bed. There's not the meal part of the new writer show.
Right. For 17 freaking years is not, you know, the other, the only other voice that you hear regularly for 17 years on the Neil writer show.
And the second highest rated guy, other than Neil Rogers, and not just on the station, but in town, you know.
If Neil is number one, I'm number two. He, there's a joke.
Well, you know why they don't give you a pub, right?
Well, I knew under the Greg regime your last name.
Oh, is that it? Yes. You know the Jack or a Jew.
Well, if I, if I sniffed him, if I pretended to care, and it doesn't, it doesn't take a lot of brains. I'm sorry.
To watch Gop and then make a comment on it. But if I, if I faked my way through it, if I pretended to, then oh yeah.
Then I, I could be inarticulate. I could have a speech defect. I could be dumb as a box of rocks.
And there would always be a place for me on this station or the one across the street. QIAM, hello.
Hey, George. I don't know if you remember me.
No.
A few days ago about the wife's friend that was making a bet.
Oh yeah. Everybody thinks you're making the story up. But that's all right. It's a radio show.
Okay. Well, yeah, you could have to cut me off because I get to use some inappropriate language.
Yeah. Don't do that anymore. I won't do it anymore.
Okay. Well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I will be a dog. I will be a dog. However. Don't have any Kid's was good. Well, you have no Kid's was good. Well, you have no Kid's. Well, no Kid's on you with a dog. No, no. No, no, no, no, no, you don't have any Kid's was. Whatever. Well, no, you don't have any anything Ke's, whatever. Well, no, Ke's, I'm Ke's, I'm Ke's, I'm Ke's, I'm Ke's, I'm Ke's, I'm Ke's, I'm Ke's, I could have a dog. No. Cutteroff. Cutteroff. Cutteroff. Cutteroff. ak. rightly. Way to get a chance. plz see on the turd.  dem now bob. You got an appointment. Ooh. HO dveloppement. How do you do? Way to get a chance. subir. How do you do? Way to get a chance.alar.ole. I could
Gilbert Solomon ladies and gentlemen.
You know I should just let Gilbert on.
He's certainly been a part of the Neal Rogers show longer than I have.
Talk about grandfathering someone in.
You're crazy in your evil Gilbert.
And he's got money.
Not Terry up inside.
Oh definitely.
So he's just sitting at home right now.
Yeah.
Doing nothing.
He's got nothing to do.
And he doesn't have to work.
His parents are loaded.
What a sweet deal.
I mean I wouldn't trade places with him because yeah you know I enjoy my faculties.
Yeah.
I'm not a great looking guy by any stretch of the imagination and you know that I'm
challenged by my height or lack thereof.
But I wouldn't trade anything that I have for all of Gilbert's money, all of his family's
money if I had to look like that, if I had to have that brain, if I had to sound like
that.
Thank you God.
God's whoever nature the cosmos.
4-12 and all cosmic radio 5-60 QAM.
Wonderful WQAM.
So it's Northland.
Well I hit the thing.
Thank you, Kajit.
Thank you Kajit.
Come on baby, be like a little rat.
I know you will like it if you give a chance now.
Come on baby, be like a little rat.
Go wild to a party and get really high and then get busted by the cops for DIY.
So come on, come on, be like Lindsay Lowe and me.
Just take a couple more steps now.
Get drunk, come on.
Get drunk, come on.
Get drunk.
Whoa, whoa, yeah.
Now that you've been driving drunk and start more cocaine now.
Come on baby, be like Lindsay Lowe and just be sure you're riding with someone you can
blame now.
Come on baby, be like Lindsay Lowe and just pretend the laws were made for other folks.
You can't even tell that cops it's not your coke.
So come on, come on, be like Lindsay Lowe and me.
Thank you Kajit.
1202.560 QM.
Don't know what the delay was.
It's just the computer going a little bit slow.
Speaking of slow, about time I got around to this poll, right?
Here's the one from yesterday.
1067 votes.
I can't stand to hear anymore about it.
And I'm going to read them in reverse order because all of the above got first.
So I might as well say that for last.
Angelina Jolie, 11.
Nobody talks about her anymore.
She's, she got real skinny, real white.
Yes, unfortunately.
Like the wiry.
Michael Vick, 16 Britney Spears and Anna Nicole, both got 27.
Nobody's talking about it.
I mean, she's dead.
That's it, right?
We don't care about the baby.
We don't care about that Larry guy.
We don't care about the crazy mom.
I guess Howard K Stern.
That's it, right?
Correct.
He had his run.
Lindsay Lowe and Lowehan, 61.
Barry Bond, 76.
Paris Hilton, 104.
And all of the above, 745.
That's 69.8, almost 70% of the audience said that.
And I was one of them.
I don't know if you got a chance to vote.
I'm sure that's exactly what you would have voted.
The poll, we started this at like 215 yesterday.
Thank you, Charlie.
By the way, Charlie B, I printed up all those polls.
Want to fact some to kneel.
Something happened wrong.
I threw them away.
I lost them.
You might want to resubmit some of them.
Maybe not all of them.
I don't know.
I don't know if I'm going to use those, but kneel might.
Favorite Jewish comedian and stuff like that.
I'm a bit as long.
List. Are you kidding me?
It's almost like you have to be.
Or they don't let you into the comedian guild.
Wow.
It is a huge list, of course.
We could have come up with that list ourselves just right now thinking about it.
Practically, you have half the people that you could name at least our Jewish,
if they're doing stand-up comic or something like that.
It's just one of those things.
The poll that we got from Charlie for today that we put on their yesterday.
And I said, at least we could get a thousand.
And we will.
No need to run, although.
Hey, everybody, come vote for Chris Assake.
We'll give him chicken fingers for breakfast.
Wait, he got it.
We'll get him some free lunch tomorrow from High Life Cafe.
Okay, cool.
If you get over a thousand today, if you get to what's a good goal?
Because we're going to get to a thousand.
How about let's get to 1200?
As if.
As if it matters.
So what is a pet to you?
Like a member of the family, 438, a companion, 123.
Someone I'm glad I don't have 121.
Like a child to me, 87.
An inconvenience that eats, asses, and costs money, 67.
No, that's, those are our spouses.
Just an animal, nothing more, 41.
Like our spouses, maybe.
Emergency food, 40.
Something I wish I had, 38.
And just something I own, like property 8 out of 963.
Now you laughed at that emergency food,
but that actually ties into a story that I've told before.
Because I had heard that.
Okay.
It goes like this.
Well, as with most stories, we have, I need that scene change, dream music.
Boom.
Back to Montana.
Of course, everything goes back to Montana.
And here I am sitting there in honors English class
and we're doing these speeches.
And I have already told you that for some reason, and my theory is that,
because it's so boring in that town, they really wanted to have different kinds of people in that town.
Because of that, the AFS, the American field services, what, the exchange student program.
Okay.
That's who did the exchange student program in that area.
Was very, very active.
The club had a lot of members, a lot of adult members, a lot of support,
a lot of financial support.
And that school sponsored more exchange students per year than any other place I've ever been or heard of.
For some reason.
An average of like 70 years, sometimes nine, sometimes like a dozen exchange students a year, it was bizarre.
And they were all celebrities.
Boy, if you had an accent, I told you, I wasn't spiky enough for the likes of them.
Yeah.
Whatever they asked them to know in Spanish, that's what I didn't know.
I didn't piss them off because I was a spik.
I pissed them off for having a spik name and not being spiky enough.
You got no accent.
You're all white.
You talk like a redneck.
You don't know anything we're asking you.
You can't cook any of the food.
I was, why even bother having that name?
You don't even use your given name.
You go by George for Christ's sakes.
So I didn't even get to use any kind of foreign status to my advantage over there.
If you did actually have some foreign status, like if you had an accent or if you looked strange,
you were popular.
You were at all the parties.
People fought to have you with their parties.
Everybody wanted to hang around with you.
Seriously, imagine being stuck in a concrete box with people that looked just like you and acted just like you.
You were the hunger for something, someone different, for some novelty.
Please somebody walk into this concrete box that looks different, sounds different and has something different to say.
Everybody there grew up all together.
So they had all the same experiences.
Nobody had a story to tell because everybody was at the same time.
Yeah, everyone knew the story.
We were all right there.
So here come the exchange students.
And one year it was really funny.
We had these two guys named Michael, watchly.
One went by Mike and the other one went by Michael.
And they were both from South Africa.
One was black, one was white, and it was during the apartheid days.
Yeah, fun.
Fun.
They weren't in any classes together.
I don't know if that was accidentally on purpose, but they were aware that they were both there.
And obviously they weren't going to like each other.
And so we're doing these speeches right now because the exchange students
speeches were more interesting than anybody else's speeches.
They didn't just have to do it for their own honors English class.
They had to give their whole speech about themselves in front of all of the classes.
Now I was friends with black Michael.
He was the one that was in several of my classes.
Very nice guy.
And the guy, light one comes up and starts doing his speech in our class.
And he's talking about this and that.
And obviously he's all for apartheid and he's kind of justifying and making excuses for the dual class system that they have.
And how white people are entitled to this and that and the black people aren't.
And that's because of this and that and because they're more of them than us.
And that's because of this and that.
And this and that and Michael just can't stand that anymore and starts popping off at the mouth.
And so white Michael at the podium starts having to answer back.
Like, well, yeah, but that's, that's, you know, that's the person, that's, you know, his point of view.
But what you have to understand and he now he's addressing the class is this and this and this and he's trying to make excuses for it.
And you know, Michael pops off and I make Mike and Michael pops off again.
And it just turns into one of these exchanges, you know.
And then finally white Michael starts getting pissed off.
So white Mike and he goes, you're so ungrateful.
You people are so ungrateful.
We give you places to live.
We take care of you.
We give you food and Blake Michael goes, that's what we do for our dogs and when we're hungry, we eat them.
And everybody was just, whoa, and white Michael is like, I'm done.
I'm done and he just, and he just packed his crap and he walked out because that's, you know, and obviously we're all, hey, who, my Michael, man, what was that?
Where'd that come from?
Man's like, we're always hungry.
Sometimes people eat their dogs.
We have keep dogs and sometimes, you know, we don't have enough food.
It's sad. It's tragic. What happened?
You know, you just, you know, obviously this guy was upset.
He was trying to choke bacteria.
There was a horrible situation living under apartheid, but that was the whole thing.
You know, it's like, damn, man, you got to eat your dog sometimes.
I must say that accent kind of sounded like a poo.
Well, trust me, it's as close as I could get.
So there, that was my inspiration for emergency food.
I'll never forget that.
I'll never forget that line.
And, you know, I always think about that whenever I had a pet after that fact.
Hey, look, the emergency food.
You know, flood, I forget to snow it in.
Come over here, phyto.
QIAM, hello.
Yeah, George.
Yes.
Hey, man, I haven't met any black South Africans, but aren't the white South Africans that are better?
They're like the most polite, nicest people in the world.
I haven't.
This guy was polite.
The white mic, I gotta say, and what's her name is?
Charlize Theron is a white South African.
She seems awfully nice.
But all the South Africans in that, they're so polite and educated.
And, I mean, it's just like, oh my God.
You know what?
Yeah, you're right.
And obviously, I wasn't living under a part-time.
I might have had a different attitude if I was.
Well, here's the things that, too, what happened to South Africa after they ended it over.
I don't know.
I wasn't there.
It's a toilet now, man.
I thought that was a toilet now.
Okay.
Later.
I'm sure white mic would appreciate that sentiment.
You see?
You see?
I had nothing to do with that.
But let's just say this about that.
It's kind of theirs.
You know?
Wasn't it kind of theirs?
Yeah.
You know, that's how it happens.
That's what goes on.
567-0560 in Dayton, Broward, 877-785-6345 is toll-free.
Pound 560 is free.
If you have AT&T wireless or Verizon wireless.
Ooh, see how habits are?
It's not your advantage.
It's Joe Zagaki until we don't know when.
Then Hank starting, we think it four?
Yeah, I'm going to guess.
I'm guessing it four two until 630.
Then we have Marlins on deck until 705 Marlins in Colorado.
At that time, excuse me, Burpin.
Game night with Ed Kaplan whenever the hell that ends.
After the break, I'm going to play a long song, Bob Newman from South Florida excitement.
I don't know if you want credit for this, Bob.
It's airworthy.
The quality sucks, Bob.
I hate to tell you.
Your singing is weak and the production is not distorted.
It's not a professional production job.
However, the lyrics are good.
And so we're going to play it.
So in the same vein as Lou Reed and Bob Dylan and people that don't have the best singing voices in the world.
People who maybe shouldn't be singing, but they wrote the song so they're entitled to sing it.
You follow?
Yeah.
We could make a case for that all day long.
People who just don't really sound like somebody else would sound better singing that song.
That's a good song.
And if somebody with the ability to sing were singing it, it would sound really good.
But that's not the way some people are.
If you wrote it, you're entitled to sing it, even if you have a crappy singing voice.
So because of that, Bob, we're going to play your song.
I don't know who's playing guitar.
I don't know who there is singing back up with you.
A production studio, a producer, a few more instruments.
All of these things.
And you'll actually have a song, a little bit more tempo, a little bit more up tempo.
You'd have something, but it's almost three minutes long.
So we're a little over three minutes long.
So you bet your suite has.
I'm going to play it.
It's good.
Coming right up after the break.
I'm just going to warn you now.
Does it make this song?
So I said, yeah, the singing sucks.
But listen to what he's saying.
He wrote some good lyrics, 1212 on 560 WQIM.
Man, I don't know what's wrong with this thing today.
That you playing the tar body.
Who's that singing origin?
Get closer to the mic.
Well, you're both the end.
You don't believe in God.
Must disregard what the Bible tells you.
Think.
Think for yourself.
Nobody else should do it for you.
Believe in something else.
Perhaps yourself.
Or maybe who do.
Your blessed, if your mind's the test,
need not the rest, or they will mislead you.
Don't you ever wonder why so many four souls prayed and died
throughout this dream they believed?
A lot of good it did, though.
You pull up every year's and hate your prayers
that your Bible swears by.
To your eyes, lead your book out truth.
That's really all I did.
They wrote in days of old,
to gain control of mindless brains by their plan.
To claim God's hand,
fullers of fools got fortune and fame by.
Don't you think it's funny that God never told the world
the earth they fled,
or it revolves around the sun?
Don't you think it's funny that God never told the world
Now, I can hear a boka Brian cringing.
I can actually hear and feel you cringing boka Brian,
but let me just remind you in the audience of this.
Everyone started somewhere with a little cassette recorder,
mono, a little cassette recorder,
and a little Casio keyboard.
Do you hear it going up and down?
Can you actually hear that on the radio?
Yeah.
It's like a muffle, then it unmuffles.
That's because the tape that we got it on,
like got close to something or something,
before he ever gave it to us.
So as the bad part of the tape comes around
off the school,
you get this muffle sound,
the slower muffle sound drop out.
You've come far right there.
Very old.
I remember him bringing that in.
He goes back way longer than me, also, with Neil.
Speaking of going back far,
Dave Hagen used to work here.
And right on the air, I saw it.
Chris Hagen is fast as most people.
He's kind of fat, but that's all right.
We're taking him to the role of everything.
Dave Hagen, ladies and gentlemen,
used to work here.
A good guy, great guy,
a box ball player,
a dodge ball player.
Never did get that ball back, you know.
The one that you got stuck up in the tree?
Yeah, now I remember that.
It came down during a storm.
We think that there was a windy storm one day.
I came in here the next day,
thinking that I was going to find it.
Somebody obviously picked it up.
It wasn't in the tree.
It wasn't on the ground.
But we had fun that day.
Got some amusing stories out of it.
We have a lot of fun over at QAM, now.
We did.
We managed to.
And you'll be happy to know
because you used to bug me at least once a week.
Did you see waiting yet?
Did you see waiting yet?
Well, guess what?
I saw waiting.
It was everything that you said it was.
Obviously, way funnier if you actually were a waiter like you,
or a waitress like other people.
But nevertheless, there was something to be, you know,
there was something for everyone in that movie.
Have you seen Ratatouille yet then?
What?
Have you seen Ratatouille?
Ratatouille, that's not the Easter Island.
No, the animated Rat movie.
No.
Very good.
Ratatouille, I think I'll go steal that.
I'm going to write it down.
Just like it, just like it sounds.
It's the food, Ratatouille.
Okay.
You don't know how to spell Ratatouille?
Not the way you're sounding on the phone right now.
Okay, fine.
Be that one.
Somebody will, uh, will set us right.
Or somebody will give it to me.
We got quite the media exchange program going on over the summer.
R-A-T-A-O-U-I-L-L-E.
Okay.
Got it.
R-A-T-U, Simpson jet.
Yes, I saw it.
I gave it a thumbs up.
Very good thumbs up.
Very well done.
I said you don't have to see it in the theater because it's not one of those things, but definitely
see it.
You have to see it if you're a Simpson's person, Simpson's fan.
You have to see it.
It's like a very, very good episode.
And what they can do, how much funnier they can be with just a little bit more slack, you know,
with a little bit more headroom, how much better it can be.
Not a lot, just a little bit more.
And it's right where it's supposed to be, right where you would want it to be.
Not to spoil anything for those who haven't seen it, but the, uh, the whole, uh, skateboard scene.
I, I, listen, that's the first thing that my wife did when we walked home back home.
Is she ruined that for my daughter.
And I thought, I've all the things because normally I go to the movies with my daughter and
then I have to, you know, body block my daughter to make sure that she doesn't ruin the movie for the wife.
And that was the first thing that the, uh, that the wife did.
It's like, oh my god, you're not going to believe this.
And then she blurt it right out.
So don't, don't do that.
But yes, Bart's skateboardy scene was one for the ages.
I was, listen, I don't get, I don't shock easy.
You know, I'm a jaded old man. I don't shock easy.
But I went, and then of course you belly laugh all the way through the rest of the skateboard scene.
I'm telling you, you three don't see it in the theater, but, um, it was pretty cool.
Well, I did. I mean, it sounded like a hypocrite.
It's pretty cool to see it on a big screen like that.
The, the animation is different.
It's that, uh, you know, that like one step above, one notch above CGI kind of thing.
Right.
So yeah, okay. All right. You're right. Dave Hagen's right. Go see it in the theater.
Where have you been? What have you been up to? This audience knows you well.
Uh, you know, I know more than they do because we continue talking at least for a little while.
So I want you to fill us all in on your adventures.
Well, for the last three years, I've been up with, uh, serious satellite radio.
We're here for the, uh, and it's been three years now?
Uh, yeah. I'm going to have to, uh, keep your number because, uh, you know, I might get fired September 10th.
At least that's the rumor that I just started.
Well, I'm hoping that you come up there because we could use some good talent up there.
Really? Hey, hook me up.
I'd love to be able to say the upper floor.
From a friend of the program, Lin Sandiel's a show up there.
Oh, yeah. Lin Sandiel's our, uh, my good friend. She's another one that hates me once my job.
I don't know if she does any more. Now that she's on, you know, the big time satellite.
You know, she did something on Fox News channel or something like that with Ann Colter a couple days ago.
How weird, though.
And she just kicked the crap out of Ann.
Good. She could. I mean, physically and verbally.
Oh, yeah. No question. I hate these Ford cars, by the way.
I don't, I don't blame you.
So you're down for a visit. You still work in serious. Is that?
I'm just working on serious down here on vacation for a couple weeks before football.
If you start up and I have no life again, visiting La Familia.
No, you know, just coming down visit you guys come down and see some friends.
Sure.
You're going to swing by tomorrow?
Say what? Yeah, I'm going to swing by tomorrow.
Well, let's, uh, let's have some, uh, drinks.
Well, we're something.
Let's have some drinks tonight.
I'm going to, I'm allowed to be free tonight.
So, um, I'm checking my, uh, my organizer.
I think I'm okay. I had tentative plans.
Go ahead, laugh. Everybody else does.
I keep trying to get people to go roller skating with me on ladies night at, uh, in Fort Lauderdale.
I've been roller skating lately. I'll, I'll fill you all in.
It's the only exercise I can talk myself into doing pretty much.
And so I've been roller skating.
I don't know if you roller skate Dave Hagen.
That's tonight.
Ladies night is tonight.
But it's not till like I'm not sure when maybe eight o'clock or something.
I could go there and drunk.
Well, with less than I'll go there at eight o'clock. Can you drink there?
Uh, I think we, I got a flask we can sneak one in.
Well, what are you doing?
You're a hard drinker man.
I know you'll drink some whiskey.
I got some jambine, jambine gold or jambine black.
That's what it is. Jambine black.
You know I'm Jack Daniels all the way.
I'm almost out of Jack Daniels.
I'll get, I'll buy a bottle of Jack Daniels just for you.
All right. Well, I'll take a listen.
Um, call me when you're done.
And I will say about maybe I'll get out of dinner tonight.
Sweet.
And I'll see you later.
We'll work something out.
All right. Cool.
All right.
Great. I'll get talking to you.
Dave, that's actually very encouraging.
Dave Hagen's a good guy.
He was. Yes he is.
There were, there were some people that were fun to work with and he was one of them.
We did have some good times and we remember that whole and I think it was last year's summer
or three years.
Geez.
Whenever it was, we were talking about the playground games that were fun like Tether Ball and then we got into box ball.
Everybody in South Florida take pride, take heart.
There are some things that that are here that I've never encountered anywhere else in box ball is one of those things.
Loved it, always loved it, excelled at it.
How does that work?
Do you love it because you're good at it or are you good at it because you love it?
Maybe both. Maybe both.
Hagen's why I'm a hired employee though.
How do you like that?
Well then you're invited.
What are you doing tonight?
Let's check out ladies' night.
See here's the thing.
We can go to ladies' night without ladies and it doesn't make you look gay because it's like hey that's what you do.
You go to where ladies' night is going on because you know they're going to be ladies there right?
Yeah.
And we can get all jacked, dangled up in the park and a lot.
We can sneak the flask in and slam into walls.
Now is this galaxy or the other one?
The other one, gold coast.
I've never been, I haven't been to gold coast in a long time since I went there.
It was several years ago and I went on the wrong night.
I was the wrong color to be there that night.
I didn't know that roller skating was a full contact sport.
It was that night.
And by the way, I was much smaller than the average customer there that night.
Much much smaller.
I was getting picked up and moved aside very politely in most cases.
Not in all cases.
1228 on 560.
Get out of my way.
WQAM.
Tonight Vice President Dick Cheney, backer of a war that most Americans now oppose.
Thanks for giving us the time.
It's a good to see you again, Larry.
It was good to see you.
In the legal system, treat parasilton fairly.
No problem.
I'll burn it in the house.
I don't recall taking drugs.
I think I have never been addicted to drugs.
I've done a lot of it and we'll continue to do a lot of it as long as I'm vice president.
The story is about you being use of drugs in the like parties, wild scenes.
Well, I suppose I try not to do that.
But we are thinking.
I have no idea.
I haven't given it any thought.
What do you think of Lindsay Loham?
She's going to go to jail.
From what recently.
Britney Spears, Nicole Richie.
They are actively pursuing the development of the capacity to enrich your earnings to produce nuclear weapons.
I really had psychiatric care.
Yeah, I did.
Okay.
I try not to overdo it.
Goodbye.
We'll be right back.
I'm Larry King live.
Don't go away.
27-101-560-QN.
That's kind of exciting about possibly going and skating tonight with Dave and whoever else.
There's more to that.
It might make more sense to try to talk him into going tomorrow.
Are you not thinking about going tomorrow?
That's when most people go to Britney the Pimp and his entourage.
We've found some names for the girls, at least two of them.
Pixie and Spixie.
They're both like little pixies, but one of them is Cuban, technically.
Like me, technically speaking.
I don't think she was born there, but you know how that works.
And so in honor of those mice, the Jinks the Cat mice, Pixie and Dixie.
Okay.
Because one of them is in Dixie.
She's Spixie.
Get it?
I got you.
We'll have to.
I'm going to make sure that they approve of their names on Thursday night.
But that's, hey Dave, if you're still listening, we've been going on Thursday nights to Galaxy and Davey.
I don't know where you live, but after the show when I talk and we talk, we'll discuss that.
And that'll give me some more time to get that bottle of Jack Daniels.
I knew that's how I was going to get Dave Hagen to come back to town and call.
Finish the bottle of Jack Daniels that I had at home and then go buy some Jim Beeman's dead
so that I'd have to go out and make a special trip just for Dave.
That's fine.
I got two flats to choose from.
The big one and the bigger one.
And we can drink it up.
But didn't he say I got nothing going tonight and then later he said that that was free.
And later, maybe right now, we'll get up and dinner with the family.
I don't want to get in between him and his family there and mess up his family plans.
So I'll just discuss the options.
Tomorrow night is a adult night in Davey, Galaxy and Davey and I go there and people have been showing up.
Hey Jim, go ahead and show up.
What's his name? The fire chief showed up.
Johnny showed up once out, though I didn't know it was him.
Other people show up. You show up sometimes with your girl.
Not to mention Vinnie the Pimp and then his other friend.
There's like this whole this whole throng of women that kind of orbit and revolve around Vinnie the Pimp.
Vinnie the Pimp is the guy and I don't know, maybe you should write him an email or call him.
He's the guy that I need to get involved on this ladies night thing.
Because what the deal is and I haven't been there, I don't know what it's like.
I don't know what kind of music they play.
If somebody has gone to Gold Coast on Wednesday night on their supposed ladies night,
I got a couple questions.
One, what time and two, what's it like?
What kind of music do they play?
How's the floor? Is it a big place compared to Galaxy and Davey?
There's such thing as a roller rink that's big enough.
I would love a roller rink the size of a freaking football field at least.
Now when I was younger, the one that I would go to a lot was Hot Wheels.
It didn't have the wide open floor like that. It had a huge roller floor.
But in the middle, they had like wall.
I remember. I've been there. They have the wall.
The wall is not a bad idea of the wall thing, but I want a nice long straight away.
Before you have to turn, there are things that you can do on the turn.
Likewise for the Galaxy, I think it's also called Galaxy.
Up in North Lauderdale or something?
Tiny. Well, not tiny, just smaller.
You just kind of go in circles.
And the floor is concrete.
Yikes.
Oh. Yeah.
Yeah, I break like glass when I fall on concrete anymore.
At least the floor in Galaxy and Davey is nice wood.
Yeah, the Hot Wheels I want to say was probably twice the length of Galaxy.
So I don't know. So here I need a gold coast roller rink report.
What time is that thing tonight? What's it like? What kind of music do they play?
Etc. Etc. How's that?
I don't think I'm going to be going to skate out sadly.
Even though it's perfect night. Nothing going on on Tuesday would be a great night.
Hey, guys. Yeah. What? We have a thousand votes.
Hey, whoa!
All right.
QA hello. I don't care. Still no care. QA hello.
Hey, Jordan. How are you doing?
Good. Good. Just wanted to talk about you at Northeast.
And if you get fired in all that jazz, man, I think you'd have a good time over the Northeast, bro.
In the Northeast?
Yeah.
It's a little bit like Miguel says.
Oh, it's great up there. It's like Connecticut. He's always talking about Connecticut. It's nice.
There's nature. The people are cool.
All that, but another thing I know of the music venue are too. You have to remember all the bands come to the Northeast because they're in so many cities.
You're right.
It's such a small amount of time.
You're right.
Anybody you might be interested to, you can see them in five different places.
I don't know why I'm prejudiced. I have no good reason. None.
And also, if you want backwards, I mean, no one's got more wood than man.
And three quarters of that space is a lot.
Yeah. No one Montana has more backwards than Maine. And Alaska has more backwards than Montana.
And I got a good website for you too. If you ever want to come to the Northeast, I'll get it out of here.
It's called FindYourSpot.com. I've never seen that.
No.
But find your spot.com and ask you a bunch of questions and then give me a sit you out about 20 cities and that go by what you're in.
All right. And something to share.
I appreciate it.
Okay. Take it easy.
So yeah, I'll be talking to Dave.
And speaking of the skating thing, here's a funny story.
An effort to try to get some chicks to go with me.
Yes.
Tonight.
I can just hear the brain waves already.
Yeah, look at him.
I mean, I'm trying to get my wife and her friends to go.
Really? The coaches?
No, no. Different by all kinds.
Different. No.
She's making some new friends, some casual friends, like exercise, robot-sized belly dance and friends.
And one of the friends, I don't know if I want to mention her name on the air. Heidi.
Hey, Heidi. We're talking about you.
I'm going to call and ask her to come on the air because she's kind of, she's funny.
But she's got like this really kind of deadpan ride delivery when she says stuff and it makes it extra funny.
When she does, she's very nice person but and and and a pip.
You love that word.
I do love that word. I love the word pip.
So I also love the word pistol.
What does that have to do with what I'm talking about?
You might ask.
If you can find it.
I'll have to, I don't know.
Oh, there it is.
I can't even tell you what the name of this drop is that I'm going to about to play.
So the wife is asking her.
Her, see, all right, it's like this.
The wife has a friend who has a friend and they're all friends but it's mostly you know how it is.
Levels of removal.
Yeah.
Her friend has a circle of friends also and they're relatively new friends.
And so the wife is kind of joining her circle of friends but she is the one friend is the primary friend and then Heidi is the friend of the friend.
Yeah.
You get that.
It's a green and separate.
Exactly.
And the friend doesn't want to go unless Heidi goes and the wife doesn't want to go unless the friend goes and it's like.
Let's go Heidi.
Let's go Heidi.
So the wife is trying to talk Heidi into going.
And then Heidi's like, Roller skating and her real deadpan ride kind of deliberate.
Roller skating.
What's this?
Roller skating.
It's like, yeah.
My husband, he has been rediscovering that he really likes Roller skating and it's all he can do in the name.
Of exercise anymore and he's, you know, wants to go and wants to weaken and enough and these are all true things that she's saying to this person.
And Heidi says, and I'm trying to get this line right.
Your husband seems like a real pistol.
Which I thought was funny and I'm not exactly sure what she meant by that.
Yeah, that could, you know, is that a good thing?
And I always say that.
Oh, he is.
And you know, when he's at the Roller Rink, he's hell on wheels and Heidi knows and goes, yeah, I'm bet he is.
And my come back line to Heidi, if I had been there, it's like, yeah, baby, I'm a pistol and you should see me when I'm, and I can't say the word, but I said it off the air.
You get it?
I mean, I could say the word because it's the proper context for it.
Come on in, Yash.
Let's discuss this Dave Hagen adventure.
Wait, we're up against the break.
Really quickly on the air?
Okay.
If you want, I mean, I was getting, you know, I'm going on everything on the air.
Crack you up.
No, I don't, but you know what, I just thought I'd drop the line out.
You know what I saw last night and I recorded it because it was on evil dead too.
Oh, yeah, dude.
Great.
Movie.
Is there a better movie than evil dead too from the, as far as like fun, fun and comedy and fun from the moment I started gotten it?
It's been a couple of years since I've seen that.
That's, it was shockingly good.
Shockingly the first time because I saw evil dead one and I'm like, oh jeez, you know, I didn't think I did.
Evil dead one was like practice.
Yeah.
Like they just practiced on that.
You know, that's the Spider-Man guy, Remy.
That's when he was cutting his teeth.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, so you can feel it.
Talk about, hey, we're just going to, we're just going to beat the audience in the face with fun.
And then, and then before they can recover from the last pummeling, we're going to hit them again while they're still trying to wipe the fun off their face.
We're just going to hit them again with whole,
God's of fun.
So good.
Yes, it was.
I DV art it.
I thought it let you know awesome movie.
What?
That's an awesome movie.
I don't know any lines.
Lots, every lines.
Comic timing after comic timing, lots of surprises.
You know, by the way, it's like the greatest movie to trip to.
If you're into that sort of thing, I'm not right.
I'm hypothetically speaking.
Did you have any left?
No, that's too bad.
I thought you were going to talk to me before you went shopping.
I thought we knew each other.
I know.
You're still pissed off about that date, aren't you?
You say you're not.
You act all cool about it.
Check out my wallpaper right now.
Check out my wallpaper.
Wait, no, no, no.
You just look just lean over from over there.
Can you lean over from over there?
Ooh, yeah.
Because of that wallpaper.
You can have that wallpaper.
You're entitled to it.
One of the people is your girlfriend.
And the other one's her girlfriend.
Hey, George.
Shop smart.
Shop smart.
Shop smart.
That's actually army of darkness.
But, but, say, they're always the same.
It's part of the trilogy, but no evil dead too.
It's like it's movie perfection.
Yeah.
It's no godfather.
It's, you know, because it's not the same genre.
But whatever genre it is in, it wins.
How's that?
Did you hear the call of Dave Hagen?
No.
All right, well, we're having a reunion.
And now we have to involve you somehow.
And then the Dave Hagen reunion.
There's going to be drinking and possibly danger together.
Oh, all right.
Sounds like my kind of night.
Drinking and movement.
17 to one on 560 WQAM.
They're all copyin' me.
I'm a girl.
I heard it here first.
I'm rockin' by this thing.
Well, the back of the Kenbo no homo, Joe.
We have Jim Noggle joining us a little later on.
All right, man.
Praise the Lord.
He's a good and decent man.
How do you figure that?
Well, he's middle-aged and white, you know.
So he got to be.
He's the mayor of Fort Lauderdale, right?
Something like that.
No, you know.
Yeah, he's cleaning up Fort Lauderdale, so it will be okay for Jesus to go there.
Sure.
Homosexuality is the same, man.
It's right there in God's playbook.
That's the situation.
You gotta get rid of the homos to get more dates for sport-hole liquors like us.
That's why he calls us here at an all-gate sport-hole station.
Look, every man has his needs.
Just because it's only men on our mind don't make it some kind of queer or something.
At least now and then we think of a female.
Yeah.
You know?
I mean, if you need some immediate sexual satisfaction, man.
You know, like, right away, contune into us.
Sounds like you did a lot of research on this topic.
Not really.
I learned it by my mosa.
I mean, our entire morning show is based on the love of men.
A real man can show his love for men and maybe steal a kiss from a pretty girl.
Yeah, on a park bench or something.
That's right, man.
Like, put your knees together real tight and lean over and like just, you look kiss from a pretty girl.
I know.
Women are just objects you occasionally pay attention to when you're orty.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the manly way.
I mean, like, you know, dude, I put my wife outside the house when she has her monthly gutter, you know?
This coffee.
What?
Didn't you make the coffee this morning?
Yeah, man.
Special brew.
It tastes funny.
Should be tangy.
I use an old jock strap for a strainer.
Oh, yeah.
10-0-1-560-WQ-I-M-R-E.
This is optimistic now.
This whole roller skate and business.
Okay.
I think we got Josh, possibly with his girlfriend on board.
You know, the offer of alcohol.
Why didn't I think of that sooner?
Yeah, that's pretty good for him to go.
Sure.
But wait, there's more.
I'll bring whatever.
Whatever you want to get you over there.
I'm going to call an offer that to, you know, other people.
I shouldn't say their names on the air because some people.
My wife's like, you know, some people don't want people to know what they do.
I'm like, oh, yeah, that's right.
I forgot.
We live in a world of hypocrisy.
Where everybody's doing something and everybody has to pretend that they're not.
Except for me, I'll tell you right up, right up front what I do.
I'll tell you what I do right up front.
Get it?
I should get that one-liner thing all handy when I make jokes like that.
Here's a fact.
George, did you check out Breeze, new BMW?
I always believe you.
She is effing, hot, and baby got back.
You have no idea.
Baby got back and her jeans are fallen all the time.
She comes in here in the morning.
She's got the low-riden hip-huggers every morning.
And baby Bree looks good walking toward you.
Yeah.
Walking away from you.
It's always good.
As a matter of fact, it's good when you see baby Bree walking toward you
because you know that at some point she's going to be walking away
and it gives you something to look forward to.
So it's a little bit, you know, it's fun and then it's fun again.
Another thing, he's got one, two, three on the facts here.
He, whoever it is, on big brother, what's the deal with Amanda and her crying?
Yeah, she's a big cry baby.
You know, she's a God girl and obviously God doesn't comfort her.
So she cries all the time.
And the black girl with the God issue, like Dick told her, she thinks she's gotten...
What is it?
Oh, Dick told her, she thinks she's got nothing to do but listen to her plight.
I loved it.
I actually wrote that down here.
So the black girl was preaching to Amber the God girl, the God girl that can't stop crying.
One of the things that, you know, she's the most important thing in the world to God
and God wants her to win money and she's being greedy.
And that's actually what the black chick was saying, you know, to her.
I didn't agree with it because I don't agree with anybody when they speak on behalf of God
as if God gave you the right, as if God gave you a message to give to someone else.
But that's what the message was, is that, you know, if you stay true to whatever God wants you to stay true to,
you'll be way better off than if you are greedy and sorry, keep asking God for money, bitch.
That's not exactly what she said.
I'm paraphrasing.
And then on number three, Big Brother, Jen is the only girl in the group that I do over and over and over again.
Yeah, if you... I'm not into the SNN thing, per se.
But with regards to Jen, red rubber ball comes to mind.
Because the bitch is crazy.
And everything that comes out of her mouth is some crazy, maddening kind of a line, kind of a thing that Jen.
But you're right, Fax, or she's hot.
She's very doable, but see... I wouldn't... I don't know, I don't know what my timeline would be.
60 seconds of her mouth, talking that is.
60 seconds of her making sounds with her mouth and I think that I would probably just run head for the hills.
QAM, hello.
What's up, George?
You don't know what's up, Eddie.
Hey, what's up, I got questions.
What?
I got two questions.
Where's Gold Coast located, the skating ring?
You know where they're like the copa.
You know where the federal kind of splits off, right, as you pass the airfield and go down, it's over there on the right hand side as you go north.
That's Gold Coast, but I can't guarantee that I'm going there tonight.
I keep on every week.
And this happens every week.
I make plans to go.
I get people to agree to go and then they all bail on me.
Only because people, and thank you Vinnie the Pimp, he's like old faithful, Mr. Reliable, because I know he's going to be there with chicks on hand.
I know that I'm not going to be there all by myself.
And if not for him, sometimes I would be.
But other than this week, this week, supposedly on Thursday and Davey, a whole lot of people are going.
Hey, my second question is, what is a bulk of Ryan get these voices from?
His ass.
He makes sounds with his mouth and his ass.
He's a genius.
He's one of these like mad scientists and insane genius.
I'd say evil, but he's not evil.
He's a good guy.
Right.
He's a talent.
He's a real talent.
That's why you don't hear him anywhere else.
That last bit was, I mean, that's full of cancer and can he man all the way?
Listen, and here's what, and it both makes me feel good and bad at the same time.
Because Brian, obviously, his bits are based on the show, on our lives, local stuff.
And so I'll call him up with an idea for a funny bit, which he always appreciates.
He's always looking for an idea for a bit.
So I'll call him with some half-baked idea and maybe have a line or two or something funny.
Not even be all convinced about it myself.
Like, I don't know if you can do something with this, but I think maybe it would be funny if blah, blah, blah.
And he'll sit there like being polite, you know, like, I don't know.
Maybe then something spectacular will come out of that.
And I feel both really good because it was my idea.
But then really bad because where did he get all this comedy from?
Where did he get all this material for this idea that I didn't have?
Yeah, I mean, easy, amazing man.
He is amazing.
All right, buddy, take it easy.
All right, take it, uh, several easy.
QA, hello.
Yeah, I want to speak to George.
You are?
Hey, George.
Yes.
Hey, that skating ring you're talking about?
Which one, Gold Coast?
Yeah.
They, I don't know if they still do, but they used to have a nude skating night.
Get out.
Yeah, I'm not on their schedule.
So when I called them, they ran down the thing.
They said, you know, they said, gain night on Tuesday, ladies night, Wednesday, no naked night.
No, they used to have it on, I think it's Saturday night once a month.
Oh, man.
And they used to rent a place out there in a nude colony.
And it was all nasty, fat, Canadian, all around.
See, that's the thing, man.
I've got such mixed feelings about any kind of nudist camp, nudist beach, nudist event.
See, I'm self-conscious about the way my body looks.
And everybody says, dude, you're not going to be the worst person there.
You're not going to be the worst looking person there.
And I'm like, you're not convincing me.
You're not talking me into it more.
I don't want to see myself naked.
And if I'm going to be average, then I definitely don't want to go.
What's going on on the swimming club, Brian?
You're asking me, like, I know I haven't been to one in years.
I know, I got to hit one out.
And once again, once again, in case you and everybody else forgets, nothing ever happened.
My wife would always go with me to make sure that nothing happened and she was very successful.
Nothing ever did.
Your girlfriend.
I need one.
You need a girlfriend.
I do.
But on the last time I went to a swimming club, I didn't have a boyfriend, yeah?
I had Canadians.
Okay.
It was gnarly.
I'll map a material.
All right, that's fine. That was plenty.
QAM, hello.
No, you won't.
No, you won't.
No, you won't.
Oh, oh, that would be special.
Oh, that would be...
Wow, that would be special.
We could go for points.
Hill Hagen.
Oh, Dave Hagen, because he's a hot dog.
I know he used to play like the roller hockey or ice hockey, I think, whatever.
I know he's stable on wheels.
Oh, Dave, let's go for points.
Let's get licked up and go for points.
See those two fat guys out there?
See those two fat fags?
We can do it this way.
We can...
I'll take the one and you take the other, or we could do, like, for an hour.
See the one...
And it's hard to...
I mean, the one that's uglier, the one that's fatter, we'll have to break them down that way.
And let's see how many times we can make those fat fags fall in an hour.
Or in five minutes.
Well, you know what?
We'll make a drinking game out of it.
Shot every time we fall.
Whoever loses, like, we'll do, like, a five-minute round.
And we'll see who can make their fat target fall more than the other fat target.
And whoever loses has to, you know, take a drink.
How's that?
I might have to bring two flasks.
It's 2-till-one on 5-60-WQ-A-M.
W-Q-A-M, it's guaranteed for life.
Your truly W-Q-A-M.
Women make smooth time.
And women lose somebody's life.
Women lose a marabar on.
Or two women win with a bra.
Women never never sing.
Especially when they're in the back with me.
Women lose their soft management.
Who can understand why I don't like men?
They want to keep the porn as block of room gay.
But I ain't gonna talk about a sport or a team.
No.
No.
I want women.
Maybe I'll do it.
It's a natural crest.
Who like men with tiny chests.
I-I-Drum-chicks.
With lickable on-picks.
Women with a waiting voice.
And women lose voice like rubber toys.
Women lose their sports bad nerds.
Who would rather inhale that has leaps toward it.
They make cater to a few sportful queers.
But they ain't gonna sell no jobs for us here.
Women.
I want your women.
Women who use voice wipes.
And women who know hands are in this.
Women rubbing soft hands.
On a puny, Cuban head.
Women with a hungry size.
And women who prefer to be with women than guys.
I like what more women are my show.
To break away from all this more told by all of us.
Women take good jobs.
And check this place.
Where it miles away from all of us.
Where it miles away from all of us.
I want your women.
One-o-five-sixty WQAM.
Speaking of that, Lucy Lopez just texted me because I told the-
That caller, remember?
That- Yeah.
She had an appointment.
She stuck in traffic.
What a surprise.
Hope you're listening Lucy.
We've been talking about, you know, you.
As usual.
And we'll wait.
Where are we going?
We're going to be right here.
Wait.
I wait for women all the time.
Speaking of that, remember when I went on that date.
Josh's girlfriend, her friend, red blah blah blah.
Yeah.
And when it was getting planned.
And this shows you what a burnout.
Both of us are.
The wife and I.
And I told you the wife's comment was never take me out.
No, Limeo.
Remember I told you that was a comment.
Exactly.
And I forgot the comeback that I could have come back with.
Talk about how, uh, how soon they forget.
What I should have said was this.
Um, honey, I did take you out in Limeo.
And to a fancy dinner.
Remember when we got married in Vegas?
Remember how?
We went out in Limeo.
And got married.
And then we went out in Limeo to a fancy dinner.
Remember that?
So.
Oh well.
Yeah.
How soon they all forget.
Do I have to read that spot again?
Not to go-
A few a.m. Hello.
Just getting confused.
Hello.
Hey George, is it him on?
You're on right now.
It's you.
All right.
What's happening?
Long time no thought.
Long time.
I guess.
I'm like the movie guy when I thought I thought about the movies.
I was just on the internet a while ago.
Whatever you want.
And they have the new um,
I am then.
I saw some of it.
I didn't get to see the whole thing.
I thought I was there.
I guess I'm going to have to push through my seething hatred for Robert Donney Jr.
I agree.
I can't conceive of how this movie isn't-
Just the trailer that I saw, just from the sight of him and the first words out of his mouth,
I wanted to throw up in the waste basket.
I agree with a special effect with Iron Man.
Yeah, but listen.
I mean, that's a means to an end.
You know, that's like, you know, hey, the soundtrack is really great.
Maybe he'll do a good part in the movie.
I don't see it.
Not.
He's not capable.
The thing is that the story, here's what I'm hoping for.
Here's what I have my fingers crossed for.
That the story, the plot is good enough.
And that the character development is good enough, you know, based on the script rendering,
that the directing is good enough, and that the pacing is good enough,
and that the action sequences are shot well enough to be exciting that you see what's going on,
that I will not be that bothered by the horrible, horrible acting job that only Robert Donney Jr. is capable of doing,
and it's the only kind of acting job that he's capable of doing.
There is no way, there is no conceivable way.
I mean, Jesus coming to earth will happen before Robert Donney Jr. throws in a good acting job.
Before he can act past, we have not justness that he is.
I agree.
I can't see him as playing that part.
I have one more thing for you.
You said you and Lucy are going out on a date, right?
No, no, no.
We're talking about it.
We're still, you know, it's still...
You say, I'm working it, though.
You know, I'm trying to get that going.
She's got a boyfriend, you know, who might not be as cool as Josh Cordis, you know?
You should use your finger like Lucy, baby, breathe.
That's what I'm talking about.
Brutkin, you know, at the beach, jerkin.
Okay.
Some more things we can't say on the radio.
Some more things we can't say on the radio.
Of course not.
No, we'll see the whole plan is, and I guess I got to the end of the summer to horror the show,
and possibly do the same kind of thing again, but...
You should video it and put it on you, too.
Okay. Well, I got pictures, you know,
did you check out the slideshow?
I've found out the pictures, what you did before on the Rats 1.
I checked them out.
Okay.
I made some of my everyday.
I'm tweaking it a little bit more.
I'm adding some more pictures to the site, so that I don't have to do a major overhaul.
All right.
Check out the Ben Folds video, Bitches Ain't S.
You know the song, The Doctor Dr. Dreson.
Check out what Ben Folds does with it.
All right.
You won't regret it.
It's right under the Get Money, Destro and Baron is Rats.
That was good to me.
All right. Trust me. Trust me.
You won't regret it.
You can punch me in the stomach if you don't think it's good.
QAM Hello.
Hello.
Yeah. I want to know when you were delivering newspapers,
how often did you get bit by the door?
Never. QAM Hello.
Hey George.
How are you?
Hey. Pretty good.
When you were talking about work, you say before like this song.
Yeah. I was thinking, thanks to you.
You have to give me two words.
I have actually put to mind every day vocabulary.
One is vagary.
Uh-huh.
The other one is ho-com.
I wish I could take credit for both of those words.
I got the word, Faggery from Pete Townsend.
Remember how he had a press conference or something talking about how he's a woman or something like that?
And people were questioning about him.
He was explaining rough boys in an interview once.
You know the song, rough boys.
And I was on MTV or something like that.
What a lot of people don't understand is homosexuality isn't like about Faggery at all.
It's about violence.
It's about anger and violence.
And I did just the word cracked me up.
I've been using it ever since.
Yeah. Well, both of those words are great and I use them just about every day now.
Okay.
And I'm going to welcome another phrase that I've been using lately since I heard somebody else use it.
Skippy.
Damn. Skippy.
All over the place.
That's a nice, that's a fun word.
Instead of, uh, instead of damn straight or damn, damn.
I'm damn Skippy.
QAM Hello.
Hey George, what's going on?
Can you guys lose you?
What you think about Stuga?
I love.
QAM Hello.
No.
Do you know how I know you guys are gay?
You're already being so an ambipotent.
I wish I could let that go.
That was funny.
That's for four-year-old version.
Version.
Yeah.
So many, that whole thing.
You know how I know your gay?
You listen to Coldplay.
You know how I know your gay?
And the best ones, of course, are the ones that we can't say on the air.
You know how my favorite one, we totally can't say on the air.
You know how I know your gay?
Because your blank tastes like blank.
Yes.
Fill in the blank yourself.
It's hysterical.
I could see that movie again.
I could see just that one scene when the black co-workers girlfriend, after the speed dating,
finds the guy's card.
And he says that it says Steve Carell's card.
Yeah.
And she brings it in and he has to own it, if you will.
That might be the funniest movie scene ever.
QAM Hello.
I've gone for a real good while.
So just bear with me because I've-
Listen, I saw these changes.
Don't.
Take your time.
We'll go slow.
Okay, now what's going on with like, I mean, 50, not even 50, 70% of the cash from this
station is like, Vamus, like in the Bermuda triangle.
What are you talking about?
What I'm talking about is usually the other guys I used to be on here before, like Vamus.
What I've been gone for a good while, I've been up north.
And I see you're on here and kneels on once in a while with a Toronto thing.
If the summer schedule is-
But this is the seventh year that this is the summer schedule where kneel comes on every
other day.
You know that.
I understand that.
Okay.
George, I mean, come on.
Everybody's been Vamus and I mean, what is it about Beasley?
Is Beasley still around?
Is he still part of this radio station or what?
Matters?
Is it the money's not hot?
Yeah.
What is it?
Let me know.
No.
Thank God.
Thank God we're up against a commercial break.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I'm going to have a question as far as maybe he's talking about Joe Rose.
Listen to that.
I don't know what you don't know to tell you what you don't know.
So you need to help us out a little bit more than that.
Write a letter or something.
It is what it is.
What can we say, Lucy Lopez?
Don't bother talking.
We got to do this break once you start.
We're not stopping.
Nothing.
You showed up.
113 on 560 QAM.
The honorable mayor of Fort Waterdale, Jim Nogel.
Thank you.
I've taught a micro-sake to eliminate the gay community to make my world safe of it, Jesus.
I'm pleased to be here today for the unveiling of our new robotic toilet.
I give you the Robotronic KY69 toilet stall.
Oh!
It's my privilege to be the first one to Christian.
You'll excuse me?
Oh!
Oh, this is nice.
Not a homo inside.
Welcome to the KY69 toilet facility.
Who are you?
I am Saylar.
You're a robot guy.
Allow me to assess you.
I don't need any help.
Thanks.
I know how to use the toilet.
You have to take it to remove your pants.
What?
Oh!
Oh!
Fifth down please.
Oh!
What?
Would you like to support Paige?
No!
The fourth page of the potential for a healthy male dog.
You have to take it to the dog.
I did not sure it was.
I can't.
This is the case of the patient.
They know their plea.
They will shoot in voice in their animal.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
They will shoot in pilot's grow.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Fifth down.
Oh!
I don't think you're good.
Stop paying attention to Josh.
He's not on the air.
I mean, he could easily be on the air.
All he has got to do is swing around and grab a microphone.
But we don't want to hear his voice much.
We want to hear yours Lucy Lopez.
Down on his head.
Woo!
All right.
Hey, George.
How you doing, Lucy?
I'm cool.
I'm trying to talk.
I have a question for you.
Ask away.
What is Chancleta Blue?
Chancleta Blue is my adopted son.
Yeah.
And what are you going to bring him in?
Come on now.
He's from a lorry.
Yeah.
No, I'm okay.
I didn't adopt anybody.
Well, I was...
I would love to.
I was stalking you on my space.
I saw this.
As usual.
And I go through all your pictures.
I cut, you know, I right click, say, of anything sexy.
Right.
And all the sexy ones that have a gallery.
I blow them up and I plaster them on the wall.
Of your bathroom.
Of no.
No.
This is the hidden out in the swamp in the Everglades.
There's like this tin shed.
I'm scared.
That's where I'm going to kidnap you.
And chain you up.
And use you as a sex slave.
And when you go there, when you wake up with the chain around your ankle, you're going to see
all these pictures of you all over the place from your Myspace.
Well, your video tape.
There's going to be a camera set up all the while.
For like, when you wake up and you're struggling on the chain, you're like, where am I?
What am I doing here?
All I want is if you're going to do this to me, make sure there's a scary looking clown puppet that talks to me.
That will be me.
That will be me.
Okay.
I'll be the scary looking clown.
Put on like Alice in, what's that guy's that?
Alice Cooper.
I've got my own motif.
Who make up on like that?
I've got.
Pervo with gesture.
You know like the court gestures and everything, but like a pervo version of it.
Where my nose looks like a thing.
Right.
And that's my costume and that's how I'm going to use you as a sex slave with clown makeup on.
Singing meaning beeping.
That's what I'm talking about.
Your beeping.
Speaking of that.
Yes.
Here's a little preview of what you're going to get on the next CD that I'm going to make for you.
Is it your turn?
I've never had before.
Not when you're built like me.
I've never heard anybody.
Holy pleasure.
This is Buzzcock.
But what do I get?
What do I get Lucy?
I'm asking you.
A toilet.
Like you taste my lip gloss.
Baby.
I got a message from some guy on my face from England.
England.
You told me that you were like, oh, I heard George sit on the radio.
You're a big kind of Buzzcock.
And I'm like.
Dude.
Buzzcocks.
Buzzcocks.
And I'm like, yeah.
There you go.
You don't know that yet.
You're into violent fans in the sex pistols.
This is all same place.
Same place and the same time.
Somebody's going to shut that up in your brain.
Well, yeah.
We chop up everything that you say.
Awesome.
I'm going to use it for drops.
As a matter of fact, Chris has remiss because we need to get that little blessing that you left the QI listeners.
Was it the last time you were here?
Mm-hmm.
But you love all the guys that listen to QI and even the ones with mustaches?
Yes.
He's come around.
He hasn't said another thing about you.
He thinks that the show is great.
Blah, blah, blah.
P.S.
Was approached at the power 96B Chances past week and by a lot of WQAM listener fellows who were telling me, oh, so is it true you don't like guys who wear who have mustaches?
I don't like guys who have mustaches.
So, well, I have a mustache and I go, then what are you talking to me for?
Right.
And then the other guy is it true that you're making this up?
Why do you have to make a make a make fun of guys who wear black jeans?
And I go, because it's funny.
Sure.
And they bothered you.
If these people are listening, you get off your lazy ass because the beat's on top of the top.
If these people got, I have black jeans like I care.
If these people are listeners, then they have to understand what the show is all about.
Bang.
They can't be ignorant.
They can't come at you like all ignorant, asking stupid questions.
You're entitled to ask, to answer them with stupid answers like that.
Because why are you even asking the stupid question?
You know what's a radio show?
Kind of like phone-believe, remember phone-believe, told you to write on the radio, put them on blasts,
whatever found out his cell phone number, where he works, and I've been cranking them a week.
Absolutely.
Thank you George for teaching me.
No problem.
Listen, these people are dogs.
Wow.
These people are dogs, but just like dogs, they're listening.
They're whole licking dogs, but they can smell fear.
See, you know how you hear that about dogs?
Dogs can smell fear.
Don't be afraid of these people.
No.
They're dogs.
They run around in the yard looking for cat-do.
I posted a phone number on my space as a bulletin, and I think that's a team-jeast number.
Probably.
We do that all the time with people.
I mean, that's what you got with stalkers.
What are we here to ask?
Speaking of stalkers, a couple of them are threatening to show up on Thursday night.
Can't wait to meet them with the bottom of my skate.
Are you scared?
Fat fat?
They don't have the stones.
I'm going to knock them down continuously.
I'm going to knock them down on their fat asses continuously.
I'm going to drive them into the wall.
You're like a angry little man.
It's cold.
These fat asses don't have the stones to put wheels on their feet and get out on that
floor with me.
Stones equals balls.
They don't.
Got it.
But I want to skate couples with you, Lucy.
I know.
I'm never all skated.
I think I've roller skated in something like that.
In a dream?
Twice.
In my life.
A lot of people are going to be there tomorrow.
Who would like?
Like, people like friends, real-life friends, my space friends, radio listener, people.
Oh my god.
Saw Nazlin in a bikini.
Oh.
Yes.
Where's the picture?
When?
At the beach thing.
You know what?
I'll forward them to you.
Oh my god.
Yes.
I'll forward them to you.
Please describe the bikini in great detail.
Okay.
Number one, she had a black bikini with like, skulls and stars.
You know, she was just like a roger chick.
She was super cool.
And while her new breathes is, looked amazing.
My leg Nazlin is super classy.
She's super sweet and got these so sexy lady.
She did.
Georgia's favorite thing.
What?
Tasty?
No.
She only put like, she covered the top area of her boot and just showed the bottom.
Oh yeah.
Even though she had a bikini top on, she looked amazing.
She always looked amazing.
She always looked amazing this morning.
Every day.
Every day, it's like, what's Nazlin going to be wearing today?
I wake up this morning.
I was nervous wearing something sexy.
We had this really, really, really, really, yeah.
But like, for some reason, management didn't fall for it.
We wanted to put a web, a webcam on Nazlin's desk.
Absolutely.
And broadcasted 24-7 on power96.com.
I know.
They were like, why?
I'm like, I know why management of this radio station didn't fall for it.
Because they're stupid.
And everything that they like sucks and everything that's good, they don't like.
And Nazlin is so hot.
Nazlin is so hot.
And if it's a smart idea, they're going to hate it.
And if it's a stupid idea, they love it.
It's sponsors underneath.
This is like backwards.
We work in Bizarro world.
What stupid crap is management going to do today?
Oh, I remember really.
That's way stupider than the stupid crap I thought they might do.
Here, I'm going to come at them with a smart idea.
Don't because they're going to think you're stupid.
And they're going to talk about you.
Oh, enjoy.
Lucie Lopez number one on power96 in this latest book.
Thank you.
Number one in How Many Demos?
100?
Maybe.
What's Y'all's target demo?
18 of 34.
Number one.
18 of 34.
I've been moved to the sixth power.
And Lucie Lopez has the sexiest voice on the radio right now.
It's cool.
Yeah, it is.
By the way, speaking of cool baby breed low riders today.
Baby breed is how?
Picking out the back there.
Baby, we call each other tag teamers because nobody can let her...
I want it to be.
Nobody can let somebody use it.
I want to be used.
The back of her jeans is a pen holder.
I wanted to put my pen in there.
Her cut is her butt is so firm.
And tight and bouncy.
And she shows plumbers crack like...
Sure.
It's so cute because it looks...
Cute.
It's very cute.
But cleavage.
I have things I want to put in there.
I want to poke it.
My plumbers crack is really difficult because my...
I don't know, it's like Cuban girl thing.
My butt crack doesn't start to like really...
Put it way down?
Yeah.
But then you can get away with more.
Then you can actually have the jeans lower down.
No, because plumbers crack for girls is cute.
Are you kidding me?
Of course it's cute.
It's adorable.
Especially because I buy panties that are cute.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Wait.
Come on.
Fashion show.
She's pulling them out in the panties too.
Look at that.
Pink.
Seed through lace.
Laced trim pink.
You always have to make sure that you wear a pretty song when you're wearing those
my guys.
Are those songs?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
127.
And I have to go to the bathroom radio 560WQIM.
When the drugs came at me.
Do not head on Discovery Health.
Residential Pops.
For the first time on television.
Nanotechnologists drink down a spaceship filled with scientists and launch it up a presidential
ass.
I'm picking up an unusual reading.
Another pot up?
No sir.
Much bigger than that.
You are all dead.
Are you there folks?
Sir, it's the president's hand.
Yeah.
This is where I usually keep my head.
Uncle Dick prefers it this way.
You have to put a hand in my back when I shit on his lap.
I'm not going to find any pile up shit.
That's one underneath your shit.
No, that's another pile up.
That's one of my final decisions.
I'm going to shatter.
I see.
Well, we did pass one of the across the brown eyes.
Don't leave that pile up there.
I named it Dick.
No sir, it seems our job is done.
You can go back to playing leader of the world now.
We'll come back in here.
We'll kill you.
And take.
I'm really glad to see Bocabrang got a lot of mileage out of that.
George Jetson thingy.
So that's my policy.
If I'm having sex with you or if you're on the air with me helping me kill segments, then
you pay wholesale.
I mean, I can't imagine making a profit.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I'm going to have to pay for the whole thing.
I can have them bring it to you here.
Do you want that?
What's tomorrow?
No today.
No, I'm not going to do that.
Tomorrow, we have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
We have food from High Life Cafe.
Come on.
Eating sounds and I'll get to watch you use your mouth.
Put food in it.
Lick your lips.
Did we have that conversation before?
There's no romantic.
Trust me.
You have no idea.
It looks like I start writing you love poems.
Listen, girls are always telling me that girls don't say this.
I don't want to let a guy see me eat.
Have you ever heard girls say that?
Yes, I've heard that.
Because I've heard girls say that.
Because I've heard girls say that.
Because I've heard girls say that.
You're making noises.
Maybe eating something with your fingers, like chicken or something.
You're sucking on your fingers.
Good.
God Almighty.
I think it's actually cute when girls eat in front of their boyfriend.
See, here's the thing.
We know you're gonna do it.
We know you're gonna eat.
Guys, don't talk about weight numbers.
We don't talk about numbers.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about numbers.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
We don't talk about us.
Face first.
If she's got an ugly face, you probably won't hear any other comment about any other part of her.
She has an ugly face.
But here's what you will not hear.
Look at that skinny bitch.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Look at her.
She looks like a boy.
I don't know.
She's got no ass whatsoever.
Look at her.
Look at her.
Her knees are the widest thing on her legs.
That's hot.
Do you have to get your fat girls outfits?
Do you have to get your fat girls outfits?
Do you have to get your fat girls outfits?
If they say I'm wearing something pretty, do we all have to wear something pretty?
No.
Whether or not the outfit is revealing or whether it's form fitting.
For example, if she's wearing tight jeans or something like that, or conversely, this might get baggy jeans that are falling down baby brink.
Then you'll hear them comment about that.
It's like, wow, look at that.
There's enough room for me to fit into those or something like that.
I can slide my hand right down the back of those jeans right here.
Do you guys prefer...
Look at that pretty print.
Look at that purple and paisley on pink.
No.
I want to know if boys...
Boys, if you're listening, which I don't know.
No, that's all of us.
Do you actually think like, hey, she's not dressed up for the occasion?
No. Maybe at a club?
At a club?
I don't know those guys.
Like if you're at a club, do you guys go like...
Never heard that.
Pigs, hoob, but legs.
If you can see those...
Do you look at girls' hands and feet?
I do eventually.
I do eventually.
It's like down the line.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you guys see your girls' hands and feet?
Either last, we don't have that discussion.
Are they dirty or not?
Are they jacked up or not? Same for the feet.
Well-kempt or not.
Don't have to have pollen.
No matter if that's pollen.
No, not at all.
No, here's the thing.
Your boyfriend will be like, oh, you painted your nails.
How nice the nice color. You know what?
That's because he's your boyfriend.
He's expected to say stuff like that.
If the nails are relatively even, you know what I mean?
It's like this one's short. This one's long.
That's messed up.
Guys will notice when something's messed up.
Whether it's your hands or your feet or something like that.
If it's not messed up, just tidy.
It's not that they won't notice.
It's just that they won't care.
Like, says to eat jewelry, is high light.
No, no.
Sometimes, because some shoes are ugly.
Some shoes are ugly. They'll notice that.
Here's the thing. Remember this.
All right. Let's do piquet dolls.
Are you sure when you're talking about me?
There's a lot of men out there.
I know. Look, there will be an occasional guy that'll argue,
but that's the occasional guy.
Oh, what are you saying?
That's different. He's the guy.
He didn't have a girlfriend.
Said anything inaccurate yet.
No, not at all. That's why I haven't had to choose.
I'm talking about heterosexual guys.
I'm not talking about closet fags.
I'm not talking about wishes.
He was a woman or a fashion guy or a weird aberration.
I'm talking about the rule, not the exception to the rule.
So here's the rule. I'm saying something.
I know that guys have a thing for street food.
Yeah, no, I know why because they flow.
Things that flow, hair, flows, skirts when they flow.
Here's something really beautiful.
I just had this conversation with Georgia Beasley.
A girl walking down whatever.
The street, a field or something with long hair,
flowing in the wind, and a long skirt,
flowing in the wind with a leg peeking out as she walks
or something like that. That's a beautiful sight.
But here's the rule.
Here, you have to remember this rule.
To a heterosexual guy. That's play paper dolls.
You know how you play paper dolls with the game?
Yes. It starts with a woman with either naked or in her underwear
and then we're going to put stuff on her.
Oh, okay. It starts with that.
Is there such thing as a girl is not wearing enough?
No. I mean, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. That's a trick question.
Let me finish my point before you derail me.
Okay. You're starting with paper dolls.
Here's the naked girl and here's all the different things that we can put on her.
Okay. At the point, when I'm starting to put something on that girl,
I'm making her look worse.
Do you understand? Let me try this again.
Yes. You start with you, Lucy Lopez, naked in front of the mirror.
Scary. Go. Here is a clothes over here on the bed that you're thinking of putting on that thing.
Anything that you put on is going to make you look worse than you look already.
Oh, wow.
All right. So anything that you can't get any better than you look already standing there naked.
But here, wait, the mystery of this, the this, the this.
Here's how that. Here's how you tell that.
Of course, because it gives you something to look forward to, work towards,
your imagination is stimulated.
Therefore, everything that you put on bet her accent, your look,
or at least go along with your curves,
keep the waistline where it's supposed to be.
Not up here under your armpits, right there where it's supposed to be.
In other words, everything that you put on better, you keep this in mind.
I'm trying to maintain this look as much as possible.
I'm trying to not hide or disguise this perfect look that I'm starting out with already.
So everything that I put on from this point forward better complement this shape, display this shape.
Is there going to be a test after this?
Yes. Because I think I might fail.
No, no. So far, everything that you wear is very hot and smoking.
And you're wearing the jeans fit you.
Obviously, you try on jeans until you find something fit you.
Yes.
So, for what?
Because I don't like the number one, don't like them to be too tight because...
That's uncomfortable.
It's super uncomfortable and it'll give you like, you know.
But you wear jeans that follow your form.
That's the point I'm trying to make.
Don't like baggy, your form is butt.
It's good.
Everyone's in a while.
I like wearing baggy clothes.
That's fine.
You know, whatever.
It's comfortable and cool, your cool tricks, stuff like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Understand something.
You can't improve your look with clothes.
So, you can only damage your look less...
Little girls and dress Gucci.
That's bad.
That's bad, guys.
Don't like that.
Alright, girls argue this all the time.
Girls argue this all the time.
No, no, no, that's what I said wasn't the same as dressing Gucci.
You know the difference.
What's up with Gucci?
What's up with Gucci is Guy knows.
Guy's know that they can get that.
It's easy.
It's like a limping animal to a tiger.
It's like a limping world to beast.
It's like that's easy.
I can get that.
Here's a hooch.
I can get that.
That's why they go to the Gucci.
And nice girls in there.
He's not paying any attention to me.
He's paying attention to the hoochie.
That's because he just wants to hit and run.
You know?
Right.
That's all.
He's not going to be there tomorrow for her.
He's just going to make it deposit and get the hell out of there.
You know?
He's going to wipe it on the curtains and leave.
Got it.
Okay?
And we're up for a break.
The test right after the break.
Unless you have to leave.
1822 on 560 QIM.
Uncut Wonder Boy The Airways.
George.
God.
Husbands can take everything away from you.
But now that you can tell, you're going to be your first.
But the question is, is he coming up to sign?
I was getting married.
But it's not how it's far before I said I do.
I bought a new house.
But it's in my name.
And that way I won't get through.
He's got some papers on the dotted line.
Ain't giving up how far house, what is mine is, my double key man.
And the same before my phone.
You're not digging it.
When we get to work, everybody is wondering why I'm married.
Kevin, they all think that I'm a fool.
Round and wide.
Won't be compensated when we're separated.
That's my freedom to hold.
That's my freedom to hold.
Everybody's saying I was to be paid.
But that's just a bunch of bulls.
Round and wide.
No matter how we all are, he won't get a dollar.
That's my freedom to hold.
That's my freedom to hold.
You need to be careful.
You're successful.
You're number one.
You're on your way to being successful.
You've got to watch out for the chulos out there.
They're going to be wanting to get with choux.
Number one, don't like chulos.
Number two, they're going to want to use you for your credit rating.
They're going to want to use you for your money.
For the places that you can be.
I'm a total b-ach when it comes to it.
Do you want to date me?
It's really, really, really.
Yeah, because I'm very aware of what you're saying.
I don't want to date you.
I want to I rate you.
Exactly.
I'm successful already.
And besides, I have a certain criteria.
Criteria in men.
Yeah, like guys that look like they're dying.
You just have in that conversation, which is great.
You have to look like you're dying, like you're in your deathbed.
Like Jack White, like a third in, you know, may be tattoos.
Or maybe no tattoos at all.
But you have to look kind of scary looking.
And you have to dress kind of like European,
punk rock.
Okay.
Not so much.
So what do you do tomorrow night?
This is a total non-sequitur.
I just, I want you to watch me knock fat stalkers down at the roller rink.
What's tomorrow Thursday?
Thursday night.
You were at Galaxy?
Yeah.
I'll see what I have.
Last been there.
Last went there for a party.
Listen with me.
No.
His wife though.
She's a bomb.
Bigity.
So cool.
She's smoking.
Damn.
Right now.
He's always ridiculously hot.
Ridiculously hot.
And she was out there skating.
No, but Liza was not skating.
He was effing with me.
Every time I skated past their area where the party was.
Got a trip you?
Yeah.
He went.
He'd go, George and then he ducked down.
So I'd spin around like, who?
What?
What's going on?
It was Liza.
That's it with me.
And they're all going.
I'm going to come and play him.
And they were.
So listen, Thursday night.
Bring like your boyfriend.
A whole bunch of us are going.
He's going to bring his girlfriend.
I'm trying to talk my wife into going.
And then he's going to get a phone.
Some fat stalking, faggots or something.
Threatening to show up.
I want to give a shout out to my friend Adrian.
Okay.
Aka A Negra.
Yeah.
He's listening to us right now.
And he's like, what are you doing in Q&A?
You're all over the place.
That's right.
She's number one everywhere.
Adrian.
We can't get enough of Lucy.
But I.
It's cool.
Adrian's.
Did.
His father and my father went to high school together.
Did.
And then we went together.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
I'm here.
Oh, the out my group.
And I licked you.
She's mine.
So it just licked me and now my hand smells like weed.
Hahaha.
It could be worse here.
Here's the hand wash.
You can sterilize yourself because you don't know where I've been.
I might think.
I don't know your.
Remember the vote flag in commercial?
A lazy girl.
Yes, I am.
As many as I can.
Listen.
Not the legends.
Before you start, other people are going to start getting you to be on their show.
And that's why I lift you as your mind.
Who?
I don't know.
Impossible.
They're going to try.
Not happening.
They're going to.
They're going to come at you.
Crazy people are calling.
QAM Hello.
Crazy.
Crazy line.
Crazy.
Yo.
Tonya are crazy.
Try this one.
QAM Hello.
Hey, I just told George at the point whenever a thousand votes.
Okay, thank you very much.
Would not like an hour ago or something.
What is that?
Yeah, our poll right now.
You know, our.
What about your poll?
Let me tell you about my poll, baby.
Let me click on it.
We're going on with your poll.
Why is everybody all alone?
What is a pet to you?
It's because it's natural.
It's how God made it.
It's not as big as most, but it is picture perfect.
Courage.
It could be a model.
Hip-hip.
Courage.
But it's not my favorite sexual organ.
I got to say.
What happened with my poll?
No, with the poll on the computer.
Oh, it's boring.
It's about what's a pet to you.
You know, and it's like a family member like a companion.
It's boring.
I don't care about the freaking poll.
Yeah, the pet.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know what's the pet.
What's a pet to you?
Because of the whole Michael Vick thing and, you know, and stuff.
Who is that?
I don't know.
Here's the more colors.
They're all going to be crazy.
QA and hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, I wanted to talk to George if I could.
I think.
Yeah, you are.
Okay.
You guys were talking about girls a little earlier.
Yeah, a little more.
I'm a little bit older than you, but we're not.
We're talking about girls ugly, the guy who's not looking
for her.
My friends and I have a term that we use, we call it sugarboober.
Okay.
Where she's spectacular from behind until you turn around and you see the face.
Okay, we call it butter face.
That's what we used to call it butter face.
And I can't, I can't, I can't, the face is the sexiest thing.
You can't do the whole butter face.
No, no, no, no, no.
no no no no no the face listen and if the face is nice that forgives a whole
lot of other sense trust me qa hello
a george i come from new york and you and luci make the best
combination of radio personalities
i
oh my god look at you over there
and he clicks and he hangs up
it is it feels good so it must sound good you know what i mean it does it
feels so good to see it's like a
fit it's a perfect fit
it is like a puzzle i know
i think he's talking to him that they are that's it they're gone and i think
we're out of time
yeah i got to go to my show now friday says not coming in on friday
i can't wait to work your while maybe
favorite thing about suds is his teeth
he's great he's the best teeth
he does not like Georgia Beasley
she has the best best teeth in the building have you seen her smile she's beautiful
she can i know she can light up a room she's so cool
i'm sucking up now when she owns the company you know she's going to wind up
running the company
i'm going to be her boy
all suck up
brown mode and stand in line
she's a very cool person i know she is she can like she's like
i know that person's not cool that person's cool and she's very
on point coolness you know she can put her fist in her mouth
dumb
six till two on five sixty qa m
back
jesus land
christian park where you want to go to hell when you die
no
jesus land
christian park
where we do it the hatred thrive
whoa
right right right the holy rollover's
i
whoa you only go to postdoons that never go down
whoa
righty arm again and wear the handle of god
reach through the clouds to win
follow your foot on
whoa
bang bang bang should we drive through it too
whoa
bang bang bang
i'm going to doctor soon
whoa
she can make you doctor
on two
beats
by getting funded by a car to
character
grease
whoa
jesus land
christian park
where we do it the hatred thrive
whoa
my smart jinn
i'm going to snatty
for a
whoa
wheel up with it
to be great
i am a cool
lady
whoa
ignorant
mix you want to get there
yet
we put the fun
and fun
of mentalists
right to the lord to
forget you
with your choice of
closely appointed views
whoa
head on down to the five
of the show
historic
millie
heroine
right and
blow
whoa
jesus land
christian park
where you won't
go to hell
when you die
whoa
jesus land
christian park
where we do it the hatred thrive
bye bye bye
what comes to
it's
neo-rodgers midday
oh
oh
portrayal
five
sixteen
wq
a
m
my
n-
port-lutter
bail
how could things be
any
worse
i don't know
what
what
what
what
alright
finally give me
and she got me red
and it's
creepy
with the
girl
like
so
picture
with
me
with both
but
taking
banging on
the
bathroom
oh
i'll
get
right
for
get
that
i
get
an
extra
pinch
all the
time
keep
a
standing
measure
never
took
her
as
off
oh
you
have
to
woman
access
to your villa
let's
on the
business
on the
point
i
got
the
villa
y'all
bet
i watch
your
rock
with
both
and
to
a
killer
as
of
your
dissituation
after
the
car
the
winner
y'all
be
a
chore
play
i
have
a
door
hop
with
the
existing
night
country
trust
the
y'all
made
two
i heard
the
y'all
been
all
way
hey
what
you got me
on the
counter
saw me
banging on the
sofa
it wasn't
me
i even
had
her in the shower
it wasn't
me
she even
got me
on camera
it wasn't
it's on the
box on my shoulder
it wasn't
me
there's
a
word that i
told her
wasn't
me
because
the
scene
getting
louder
it wasn't
me
she said
i
did
it was
over
honey
get
me
there she got
me red
then
it
with
the
building
so
big
it's
me
about
back
taking
banging on the
back
before
i
tried
to
keep
her
from
the
scene
of the
scene
by
sexy
me
in
me
when
natural
there
was
me
this
was
a
natural
in the
night
right
with it
i never
used to
see
y'all
made
the
big
all
up
and
the
complex
scene
is
the
living
soleno
about
the
gender
frex
and
the
clad
put
on
persona
show
over
tet

Wasn't me.
I was a singer and louder.
It wasn't me.
She's been until I won so well.
She's funny, give me nice, she got me red, red, red,
and it's creepy with a girl next door.
Bigger this, we were both bad, naked, banging on the dead truth.
How could I forget that I had given her a shirty?
All this time, she was sending me, she never seen her eyes off me.
Gonna tear it up, sorry, for the pain that I've bought.
I've been listening to your reason, make me make no sense at all.
It's the tear, tear up, sorry, for the pain that I've bought.
You may think that you're a singer, but some from TV.
Oh, it's not a thing, it's funny, give me nice, she got me red, red, red,
and it's creepy with a girl next door.
Bigger this, we were both bad, naked, banging on the dead truth.
How could I forget that I had given her a shirty?
All this time, she was sending me, she never seen her eyes off me.
Bigger this, we were both bad, naked, banging on the dead truth.
