For David's help, bitch.
I am guilty.
What the hell?
I got angry.
I killed the call.
Absolutely.
Here I am.
On the stand.
I will tell it all.
About a man who no longer can.
He playing.
Roll for talk.
I'm dying over here.
Everywhere people stare.
Each and every day.
They see me on TV.
And I give them say.
Hey.
Hey.
You didn't hide that.
Global day.
Hey.
You didn't hide that.
Global day.
Testify.
I won't lie.
Like Kato Kailin.
His difference makes no sense.
Led by Johnny Cogrid.
Now I see the jury.
Look at the DNA.
Gather around all the grounds.
Let me give them say.
Hey.
You didn't hide that.
Global day.
Hey.
You didn't hide that.
Global day.
Go a little food action.
You mean me?
I'm easily depressed.
How long is that going to go on?
Forever.
Wow.
What did OJ say?
It's not played.
It's not timely.
It's okay.
It's not only an old deal.
That's what he said there in case you missed it.
And we've only got for a hundred and fifty eight votes on a pool and not because we didn't.
Yesterday we went over 1500 during the show and it was a monumental.
Oh my God.
Just a brain burn.
And we'll be lucky to get 750 today because for whatever reason Eric must have been at the parliament house
while his wife was out shopping or something and, you know, looking for boyfriends or something.
I know I do where air ice.
I must have faxed him that pull four thousand times at least twice anyway two or three times
Because yeah, I don't like calling him up in buggering
Hey Eric you're gonna get around to put the new pull on air you fat. So you you lunatic. I don't like doing that
I don't like bugging people, you know, I actually I do sometimes
But in his case because you know when you call him there's some problem like that Eric always
Whoa like that whoa I get I get a little put off and I hear that whoa you know how he does
No, I like here you do it that no
well anyway
Oh
Look at this I bet there was a lot of whoa in Tampa. Well there's always a lot of that in Tampa fans of the who
Left the Tampa amphitheater disappointed after lead singer Roger Dolphee walked up the stage during the band's first song
Several minutes after Dolphee's departure guitar is Pete Townsend announced that the show had been canceled
He told the crowd that Dolphee had bronchitis. Oh, I hate when that happens
I wouldn't wouldn't you think of the Ed Bronchitis? He would have known about that before the show
Maybe he just maybe he was just enough of a truth we thought the show must go on by just can't can't cut it
Maybe they were taunting the roof and boys and
Yeah, that's right or maybe just the Roma from over there was a walked up the Hershey highway
I just talked to Roger and he can barely speak township said I tried to get him to come out here
But he's really really sick
Roger said he was
The 9,000 people at last night's show seemed disappointed but they cheered when township told them that the concert we made up on March 25
That's the people in Tampa man stupid, you know, oh brother mugwomps
That is someplace Tampa
Mm-hmm that whole west coast area
Oh man, although I didn't work in sorry soda 1973 WS PB
How come I didn't talk about I guess on my anniversary show I only talk about you know the stations
I worked at in South Florida WS PB and West Palm Beach
I was a program director and she excited about that. I heard about that story. Yeah
And we had what was his name Peter the tweeter. I can't remember what his name and we had the old turkey buzzer little shoemaker on here in the morning
The old turkey buzzer. He was a funny guy
Peter Johns that's what his name was the real deep voice a little bit of a
Who's situation there? But he was he was one of our people on here
I was I was a PD in the midday guy. I've been a midday guy for a long time on and off
In fact, I'm trying to think how many years I did those night times
You know at Ws News and then at I&Z for long long time but back when I had those boring guests on here
Guests are boring baby like Drew Rosenhausstein crans. They're like a tune out
Everybody hates him like poison see the one thing you'll notice on this station even though they're down like into the ones now
And if you look at that monthly trend we had in January
It's like where is the invisible audience including on this show? I mean like you think everybody vanished
I'm not really all I worried about on this show because you know our loyal people
They'll be back. They'll be back and even if not the pay chase keep coming
See that one thing about my contract doesn't say well as long as Neil maintains a spectacan in numbers
Even though the rest of the station is like married with a tidable man way way down there in the balls of the earth
It doesn't say that it just says you know every two weeks. We sent a lot of money
So just keep the checks coming okay jolly Joe
That's all we can't and maybe like a little ventilation so the solution to the problem in the building once again is to turn the AC off
Right now, so now we have the door open and a fan in here
Well, you actually have a fan in there. I'll write everybody. He used a fan. Clarence actually went and scored this for me
Did he really was that off a suite of it was mighty white of him? Yeah, it's muck
And did he also when he stuck his head and they do it? He said boil for those sports segments
They're just suck and win. What are we gonna do about that? No, he didn't know and he said we're gonna be the best damn sports station
This time I've ever heard you know what Bruce Beasley says he believes in an honest days work for an honest days pay
That's what he said. I'm thinking more like a dishonest days work for a really honest wage
Here's the poll from yesterday
Well, we got a lot of votes on there because it stayed on forever because I kept coming in here looking and looking and waiting and hoping and praying and
I'd like to change the poll please, but I can't do that. You'll be doing it today already already fast fed Eric the poll for tomorrow
Thanks to Charlie Bees and all these polls and thank you Charlie be assuming unconscious. I'll be happy to if you're conscious
And of course if you tune if you check on our website tomorrow and you don't see the new poll because George is saying I just wasn't conscious
That'll be it. Here's the poll from yesterday 18242. It's you know
We have more drop-ins here man for everything. It's ever been invented and we have some that we can't even play anymore that are really funny
But yeah, they're too funny. We can't plan what's your take speaking to too funny?
What's your take on the Kenny and Bob morning show on QM that's 7 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday?
Don't worry. They have the square table and they talk about how long since you did the old you know
You know stuff like that
Never heard it 902 48.9% almost half of the audience never heard the Kenny and Bob morning show well, why not at least give it a little a shot
It blows 450 it blows. It's okay 401
See it all depends on how you read that if you just say it blows
I mean, it's like like fast down on a left-to-four winds blow and you play that by worry brown or fast on
Oh that time I would play that let the four winds blow
It blows see if you say like that. It sounds like really negative. We don't want to do that it blows
You know 450 it's okay 401. I love it. I love it only 54. I love it, but not that show necessarily. I don't listen to it
I got it to my both guys. Let's hear a little whichever way low and on fast down
Now something really interesting a little piece of trivia. I love to hear it
Boy Brown generally when somebody covers a song, you know hits on
It's on a different label you know like sunny James and young
I'm capital records and tab hunter who couldn't sing a lick. He could look at though. That's what Tony's for concern
But tab hunter was on dot records. I like that better
I think oh, yeah, well, there's no comparison right what I'm trying to tell you is that both these records run Imperial record on the same label
What a scam. Yeah, that design is there artist loyalty. Oh wait, they don't have it. Yeah, but you're the fat man was a little peered about that
He didn't play. He was always smiling
First
I mean, he don't know and I don't care. I love it meaning Kenny one more show only 54 or 2.9 percent
They don't they don't love it was Roy Brown white with boy Brown Roy. Browse Brown. Yeah, it was very brown
What does Don know? Yeah, don't start with that crap and it was a fast domino one. Oh, I was planted
You were I didn't hear it
Oh, there it is you can tell by his you can tell by him tickle a lot of time
Yeah, he could bang
I like the way you're so he's glad just love that so remember when they had the Katrina knowledge stuff and eat kind of vanished
They were afraid that's right but concerned about the fat man. Hey, he surfers fat
Loathing about his fat cards we can float and especially fat fairies like me we really float I hate this Paul 35 only 1.9 percent
Out of 842 18. What is 18 42? What a wonderful year that much?
We got only 490 on the poll today and that again is because they're okay
That's enough the fat man as much as I love me is great love that's domino. I would say of all the I mean
I don't know that's hard to say after you've been alive for 400 years
He's still one of my very favorites. Let's put it that way. Okay. I want to say he's my absolute favorite because Steve Tyler
I might get upset, you know, or some of my other favorite singers
490 on a poll today, and this is this is gonna take a long time to read and by the way
I don't want to chase anybody away, but we got the Marlon pregame at 1250 today
Oh, I know a lot of our loyal listeners out there are not too pleased about that
We get preempted for the Marlon's and it's not even a regular season game as you well
No, we're still a couple weeks away from that crap. It's an exhibitionist game. Oh, oh brother. Oh my god
The pain you can you can already smell the the sulfur and the diaries, you know those arbitrary batteries
1250 to saffron in the Marlon's at the Orioles in Fort Lauderdale. All right followed by
Hank Olberg's term at your with Frank Hayth who's the coach of the hurricanes that we told me yesterday Chris
What a memory now would be correct? Oh big deal and then oh wait a minute and at
650 we got oh
What a star-studded lineup we have today my friends. We've got you and I'm Rutgers baseball
Right there whilst people are still awake at 650 this evening that is really something something man
I
Think we have a good you know how we have a goal and our pull for a number just about everything
I was all goal goal is a thousand. I think our goal is to get to a point. Oh, I think under the current regime
And I think they got a shot. We got a shot like Jimmy Johnson would say yeah to get a oh point
Because if you put together the audience between the Marlon's exhibitionist game this afternoon and the UN Rutgers
Baseball audience you still won't have a no because they owe points
It's the only it's the only ratings number that starts with a minus in the front of it when you got those things
But you know what a week here like I said the money is still good
There's no pressure. I get out of here at 1250. I'm off to woodbine at one o'clock to plunge my guts out
When a lot of money to them gonna win that jackpot baby
I'm gonna win at 166 grand on the dollar machine
You'll see and then I'll start spreading money around like it was like it was like I found it on the ground at the hotel pharmacy on the beach
I'm really so glad that old cock are called in that day to remind me was the hotel pharmacy
Because that's 30 a one years ago or 30 anyway, I would say
But 30 men by junior honey
They're breaking up with me in a birthday card. Well, they don't make breaking up cards
I should go be sick
Don't go
Yes, he's been fired you fired
Now that's when I call a bad
Look, I've got a hangover who knows what that means. He lost his generals in a fight
We've lost our mojo. I think I'm going to be sick. You're fired. I've got one go man
You come back now
I'm too low for it. I saw this drunk guy throw up and then a pigeon ate it. We broke up. He cheated on me
I got kicked out. She dumped me and broke my heart. You broke your penis. I paid by Agra just not to wet my shoes
How about wetting my beak would be good. I'll speak to that
I
Think I'll read this musical bed is there's nothing very nice. This is the Jack Walts
In the fly's the L.A.
To meet that famous director, they won't give L.R. 2 that part. I
Ain't no bad reason. He's a good guy
But I said again Robert Duvel one of my favorites man. He's so good every movie. Well not every movie
I didn't see some of the movies like the one where he played that preacher guy right and you also didn't see that at least that one scene in a apocalypse now
No, because I won't watch the movie
I got it. Didn't I say it to you? I say the you some of the
The news of the version sure me dot. Yeah, well, I like that. I am like the guy I am
I'm ready for all time now
Angelina to Lee here's the big news forget about the Alberta V05 Gonzalez. Nobody cares about him
It's just you know you know what kills me
What both among many other things no besides toxic fumes. It's a good thing. I'm not there because I would have walked out. I am now you know that yeah
There isn't you obviously can't do it because they'll fire your ass at some grotesque thing like that
But if I was there you think that a high paid legendary guy like me has been working a studio where the toxic fumes are pouring into the
Vengewood wall. Yeah, you're right. I'm getting the area took one guy to the hospital and management doesn't they seem to be oblivious to it
Oh, well, just quit complaining so much and go to work now. They're not oblivious
What do you mean by that? Just shut up. That's uh, you know
They're oblivious
Don't think about radio management. They're all the same. They're all oblivious to pain and suffering and trauma and you name it
Angelina Jolie is expected to arrive in Vietnam late tonight to adopt a three-year-old baby boy
This is the new thing celebrity adoptions man. I'm thinking of adopting myself
Adopting a new ad you're gonna adopt yourself
No, maybe you're own dad'sness. Well, I'm thinking about maybe getting back into the business
Joel and then I get a email yesterday from some uh my space saying oh, yeah, you auto get on FM, you know, you ought to get on power
I mean
Some of the stuff that you some of you people write it's just so amazing to me. Yeah, okay
Where's that magic one sound that you've got there? I don't have it
Yeah, the okay poof were on serious Ron FM were get out of here with an nonsense. Will you please?
You ought to get yourself on FM, right? Okay, I'll get um. I'm gonna like do some kind of a chant now, you know
Yeah, I'll be sending them on FM just get with and cut the crap. Will you
Jolie's expected to attend adoptions ceremony with Vietnamese officials in Ho Chi Minh city tomorrow morning
And after she receives the child show me with US consular officials who must review the adoption before a passport can be issued for the boy
What what is the um?
I don't understand the deal with this. What was the point of this is the idea being that like Madonna and Angelina Jolie they want to go and adopt
Um under privileged children and make a big publicity stunt. I mean, everybody can have a homegrown baby
This is an import like a fine line. You see this is an exotic pet the most exotic of pets
The boy is healthy friendly a little bit shy. They uh staff there said and Vietnam it gets along well with other children
And he loves to play soccer. Well, how the hell old is he loves to play soccer
You try to find here in the store always three years old
Three-year-old kids play soccer. Yeah, shit. Well, they kicked balls
Yeah, that's the problem. That's what's a good way to stay the hell away from
Like a horse they have a tendency to do that same thing too
Just to show that they're pissed off. That's not too far when a horse starts kicking back up at you know
Okay, let's take a look at that pool today and again. I apologize for the very you know
We don't want to have two big days in a row because then the expectation gets way out of kilter way out of your kilts
Well, you talk about that you know that that could be the silliest thing in the world
The Scottish with their kilts. I mean there a lot of silly you know the headgear and all these other the burgers and all this other
Jerk or crap, but good golly
kilts
Yeah, and then they were those high stockings too and uh brother and they got that
Purse thing that hangs down in front
It do they really have a purple that's on it's kind of a bag. It's kind of a furry bag
Kind of a sack. Oh, it's a covered sack. What kind of a sack that hangs in front with
Pat the cell. I don't think much of a sack if you asked me a sack of crap
He sure has got nice ears though. You know what Prince Charles? Oh, yeah, he's picking him up by the ears and
You at least he's got a sense of humor. He's himself. Does he really? Yeah, not he does
He's always cracking jokes about himself. That's cool. Well, he never impressed me as being a real funny guy
How many lectures uh speech are there you going to?
I try to avoid him and that whole royal family. They make me sick. Oh
He's a little guy kind of funny. Look. Yeah, the most embarrassing bodily function odor or abnormally
abnormality. This is a long query even just to read the whole question that takes half an hour. So it's baseball time
The most embarrassing bodily function odor or abnormality that could happen to me with other people around is
Having a louder bad smelling fart 211. That's what I voted
As opposed to and you know, I don't want to get into the cuss then you know Joe Bell gets off
Oh, we're going to have to dump all that he's talking fart talking and enjoy some gayo. She'll chime in
But it isn't interesting like when you go to a good restaurant
Now obviously people have different tastes not everybody's a steak lover or a loves lobster or whatever
But if there's something really good on the menu
Most people of a majority of people would go in there and he had ordered that item and they would say hmm
That's delicious, you know, mm-hmm like Mark will be would say yeah, huh? Yeah, like that
However in this particular case if you were and I've talked about this many times before if you're in the room alone by yourself and you cut it and you think
That's fantastic, you know, but if somebody else smells it they're smelling exactly the same aroma there
Ah, it's warning you know like that broad next to me at the machine a couple weeks ago would buy
I'm serious. I mean she just she must have
Swirled not the seat with the air. Didn't what I mean? Mm-hmm. I think she's sort of all the atmosphere around all of us, but anyway
Having allowed her bad smelling fart to an 81 not good
Bad breath 62
There's a lot of a lot of people with bad breath and I'm just not one of those people who can say you know even to my friends
I can't say oh man when you go like get some mouth washer gargle or you know get some
Dushy or a whole
Oral cavity out do shout that cavity. I can't say that. Can you?
Why not? I just can't adjust. It's rude to me. I'm not gonna say to somebody oh boy your breath really stinks bad breath 62
I hate this full of 42
That's 7.9 percent. I don't see anything wrong with this pull it to me. It's pretty good one
sneezing and the shooting snot
Oh wait a minute that just got tied getting unexpected stiffy in my pants. Yeah, I wishful thinking by most of you
I think sneezing and shooting snot 35
You know one of the worst things is when you sneeze and you know there was like a
Significant amount of like whatever came out of your note and and you don't know where it is, you know
And then if you're lucky you look down see it like right there in the front of your shirt
And you say oh am I glad I found that because otherwise it's not too appetizing
Especially if you're walking to apply for a job, you know
What's that lump there on the front of your shirt by you know right over there by the collar?
Spit flying out of my mouth while talking 17 like dr. Ron with the hockey game
What do you think about the flyers?
You know, you know, well, he was one of the most annoying people
Smelly underarms 12. I hate that having a fishy smell 12
Food between your teeth 10 a pimple on your face eight nothing worse than a pump a pump a pump a
Pumple on the post
Stomach rumbling eight like my dentist was here today rumbling badly
I visible nose or ear hair for I better go trim that during the break
Dan wrapping my hair for burping one and none for having the hiccups or a telltale mustache on a woman
Which you're trying to tell me what he meant by that was a facial hair correct
547 vote. Let me say again. We'd have a lot more votes
But Eric was busy last night. He was out cheating on his wife for doing something excited
I don't know. I hope so. I mean I hope he wasn't doing that, but I hope it was exciting
Whatever was was obviously much more over this report on a mummified baby. Well, we'll get to that
Maybe that's what I'm gonna with dop
I think it'll be perfect for me a mummified baby
And then I could become one of the mummers. Did we ever discuss what the hell the mummers are they have the mummers parade? No
How about mumsers that's speaking of this business a lot of mumsers in it
You're all fine or radio I love it
Fighting movies don't fire a system
Oh
But now my loins are burning
With all these gladiators almost noon
And the 300 trailer made me go
To see them naked blow by blow
Oh
You
Sweaty skin, writhing into battle, but don't pull out that sword until you've seen the lights of their fives!
You're definitely going to open up a dude range, what do you think? It's a 1032, so the movie you were telling me I need to go see?
Dude Ranch? No, 300, whatever that was.
I think it's just based on the visuals that you would like it. It's something to see in the theaters, it's spectacular visually.
Do you like it? I like it a lot, yeah.
Oh, there you go, a lot of naked guys in there.
They're practically, yeah.
Well, I know, well, that's good. Practically is always better than completely, you know?
Leave a little to the imagination, and then they start stouting people with things.
Stabbing people with their things? All kinds of things.
Oh boy.
Report on the fight, baby-studied. Who sent this in? It says somebody got...
Oh, I see. I can't read that word. I mean, I can read it, but not on the ear, I can't read it. Starts with an F.
And without options, the kid died. Got to love that Catholic yogurt says, and it says,
this is a side they recovered Catholic. That's the best kind recovered Catholic.
Says PSI sent you the Toast to Y tape years ago, and it says spelling is a not right.
Yeah, the spelling could use a little bit of help. And a bit too.
I'm not gonna play the whole thing.
We're the only people we've got that we've got, we're going to say, please don't pay this.
I think you've got a door of the head. I think that it's now.
Focus, you are.
The girl I'm going to wear has gained twenty pounds.
You can always tell Goa him when they say, took his... took his man.
She's got a took his to Y.
There's a guy, took his to see the way he said that, that's a Jew.
Yeah. You can always tell.
And that's one of the ways. He wrote a song about took us. That's another clue.
The county medical examiner in Palm Beach is reviewing a forensic anthropologist
report on the mummified baby boy found in Delray Beach storage bay
if we're ruling on what caused the baby's death.
I mentioned we got the Marlins in the Orioles at 1250 this afternoon.
Whoa, what is us?
And I'll be off to Woodbond, factored, and you can say, oh man, the name of the game is losing your ass.
After examining the boys remains, forensic anthropologist Tony Falsetti.
I wonder if he speaks in a falsetti voice.
Of University of Florida submitted his report last week.
Falsetti, who runs the CA Pound Human ID Lab in Gainesville, also returned the boys
body to Palm Beach County, said medical examiner operations manager Tony Mead.
Medical examiner Dr. Michael Bell is reviewing false studies findings,
expected to make a ruling soon. Bell's conclusions will be forward in the Delray Beach police.
And here's a crime has been committed. If it appears, a crime has been committed.
The medical examiner's determination will serve another clue for investigators
in solving the mystery which began in January when a 46-year-old New Jersey woman
had traveled to Delray Beach to sit through her dead parents' storage bay,
found a mongast off furniture and dusty lawn equipment a suitcase.
Inside the suitcase was another smaller suitcase surrounded by a store-bought birthday prayer card,
a miniature rosary, and a photograph of an unidentified little girl.
Inside the smaller suitcase, rolled in a pair of women's pants, and wrapped up in a, is the pant.
This is a panties, women's pants, that would be grotesque.
And wrapped in a January 9, 67-57 edition, does that say, 57-adition of the New York Daily News,
was a mummified baby boy.
The baby had hair measured about 18 inches, weighed only a few ounces,
police said his umbilical cord appeared to be still attached.
The appear to have been born in 57 forensic investigators said,
although the one who was shaken at the thought of uncovering the remains of an older brother she never knew,
it wasn't clear who the baby's parents were because other people had access
in the storage bay police said after the discovery.
Detective Jean Sampino said the boy appeared to be a family's secret.
Oh, so many family secrets, you know.
So a little time, and so many family secrets, most of them ugly and grotesque.
Investigators said the woman's mother, who was in her seventies when she died last year,
was unmarried in 57.
She was Catholic, had at least two children, they said, well,
soon after, well the Catholics want to make a lot of babies married or not.
You know, they're working feverishly to make as many babies as they can.
Soon after the discovery, police began interviewing the woman's friends and family
to determine whether a mother or anyone close to the family might have been pregling in 57.
Police said they had been waiting for a ruling from medical examiner before moving forward with investigation.
50 years later, you know, it's like who killed Cockrobe?
Anybody really care about this?
It was Cockrobe.
I have no idea.
Ask Bruce Wayne, I think he might know, and then you find out why his name is Bruce.
Oh, and here's a good one. I like this.
This is good. A pool somebody said, and this is not from Charlie B.
They're with somebody else. Good one though.
I don't tell me it's from University Dodge.
I wonder if they sell any cars down there or do any work because they sure as hell,
they got plenty of time to fax this in all this garbage.
I like this polo.
The dumbest expression that people say is a pig in a poke in a coon's age,
never stole a freight train, wet my whistle, a hopskip in a jump,
as the crow flies, dumb as dirt.
Look at he split.
I'm not saying.
I'm not a banana split.
Look at he split.
Boy, that's your open up a lot of avenues in my mind.
You ever?
I never heard a dumb expression.
Is one of the anti-hates this pool.
That's a good pool. I like this.
Yes it is.
Very good. Thanks for ever sent that in.
It was not, what's his name?
Whatever's his name is.
University Dodge. Boy, boy.
Well, Kimba Blow campers up the street.
They're going to have a lot more time.
Like early mornings pretty soon to be selling a lot more cars I would think.
Oh, well, you never know because that morning show was on fire.
WB says, is accidentally squee-oh, no, no, that's when I put that one on there.
When I put and poop my pants.
Oh, I guess we could put it in those terms, couldn't we?
What?
Yeah, poop my pants. That's fine.
I mean, even Joyce would approve of that and is probably doing it as we speak.
Hey, Joyce, nice actions sweetheart.
Oh, she's all ass anyway.
Welcome.
It says, if one was a teenager, a premature party in the pants,
oh, okay.
WB, you're getting a little carried away for a family show here, okay?
Too many activities in your pantaloonies is what I'm thinking.
Right in the old circular file down there.
In fact, I think it sounds like switchball thinking to me.
A lot of wishes for a lot of activities that probably aren't happening,
or at least not too often.
584 on a pool.
What do you think is a realistic number keeping in mind that we're out here at 10B41?
I thought I got my eye in that clock, like two hours and 12 minutes away, nothing on counting.
584 on a pool.
What do you think, Chris?
We get somebody.
800.
Oh yeah.
800 the man says, just because yesterday we got 1,500 and you get an all carried away.
What's all of this showing here on CNN?
It looked like Luke Kaplan looked like Sandy on the beach there.
He had something going with that flipper.
He was flippin' it.
21 before 11, what's that schedule looked like?
Oh, that's right, we got the Marlon guy.
I already told you the schedule.
I don't want to say it again.
That was a moment of weakness.
See, that's forced to have it.
Oh yeah, I had this in my progress.
I never got to it.
Says, cavemen are getting a sitcom.
Right.
If you got that, see you never sent me that caveman song.
What caveman song?
I did so.
How you did.
I emailed it to you.
Yeah, that.
Were you emailed it to me?
What am I going to do with that?
I can't do it with you.
You put it in your closet there.
You see it in your desk and you put it in your closet.
Turned out ABC is trying to give those sensitive cavemen from the guycoinsurance spots their
own sitcom.
If they survive the pilot season, the lovable Neanderthals reportedly will battle prejudice
as they attempt to live as normal 30-somethings in modern Atlanta.
30-something cavemen in modern Atlanta.
Well, you know something to be honest with in Atlanta.
I think they represent a step up on the Richter's scale, you know, in terms of the human food
chain.
I thought I'd go like Atlanta, you understand, but y'all come back now, you sh-
You.
This fort finds you gifted.
Jumpy, I'm gel-k.
Y'all praying for this.
Burn it in jail.
Where is the pardon who needed the most?
I can't believe this.
I could actually go to jail.
I'm in jail.
Cascutor there be his told-a-lead toast.
Ah crap.
Not working for you.
Damn right.
They said he's guilty.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm the only one who's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
He's gone.
The good job.
That's basically what it brings along to my side.
It's not a witch.
That's what you've read, it's the one you saw.
Right. Right now, I'm going to use my brain out.
Keep working my heart.
Keep working my heart.
In that, of course, it's really good.
It's a technique and only.
And we actually do have a couple of new, uh,
Godfather drops, which I don't know,
and there probably won't be any appropriate point to claim.
Somebody's even studying won't be able to call up.
Look up, Brasi.
Yeah.
Well, think me worried about Luther.
And so, lots of us got that look at his face with all the teeth
are protruding like like they like a lizard, you know.
I don't know if lizard have actually protruding teeth,
but nevertheless, you know,
it's still alive.
They have them with five shots when you still alive.
That's one of my friends.
That's a bad look for me.
And bad look for you if you don't make that do you.
Right. You tell them so lots of.
By the way, try to reveal Captain McCloskey.
It's the best in the city.
You know, one of the great, one of the great things in that scene,
well, this everything is great in the Godfather.
It's all great.
It's all good.
But where the waiter is pouring the wine,
memories trying to get the cork out of the bottle.
And so, lots of us getting so agitated because they're having this big powwow, you know, they got.
Right.
They have to get down to the meat of the matter, you know, they got,
I'm not talking about the veal either, although it is the best in the city.
They got to get into the conversation and the waiter is like,
uh, pochking around and trying to get the cork out.
And then it gives them that exesprate.
It looks like, come on already.
When you get with it already, Jesus God already, you know,
I'm sure that's what you're thinking.
And then a minute later,
it wasn't thinking too much.
It's like Santino said,
I want brother coming out of that toilet with just his s*** in his hand.
That's what he said.
Jared Lido, this is good news.
Love Jared Lido.
I might watch that again this weekend, you know.
I watched it about a hundred times,
Requiem for Dream.
I'm going to watch that one more time.
Jared Lido spent the weekend in Miami,
moping around the hotel victor with a mystery woman
and showed up as brother Friday night to birthday.
Bash had cameo completely disguised as a spy.
He was disguised that it did.
The 32nd of Mars from Man was sporting a heavy beard in a bucket hat
that covered his forehead.
It looked like he was arriving in full costumes as a spy.
He could barely tell it was him.
I could tell.
Sources inside the party said Lido was very particular about the details of the event,
insisting that Aaron Maiden's the number of the beast be played
as he and his brother entered the club and that he would be allowed to DJ the whole night.
Jor Lido.
Oh, he's, you know, he's been through some, he's had some issues.
How come we all got issues?
Whatever that means.
Six hundred seven votes on a poll.
What did you say, 800?
I said, we got less than, I'm not talking about you.
You're in coherent, man.
You've got an excuse.
More so than usual.
Although I don't know why Chris is coherent because it would seem to me.
He doesn't respect it.
Huh?
He doesn't respect it.
It's already hard to breathe anyway because the fat is clogging your pores and you're like,
every breath is like that, you know.
So when you compound it, when you got that all that nasty grotesque crap in the year,
all that marginal stuff that you're breathing.
And anyway, so all you say 800, I think, I don't know.
Because we got less than two hours.
And we got 607 on there right now.
Again, if you're wondering, well, how come you did 1500 during the show yesterday?
Let me say it again.
Eric was busy last night.
He was probably, maybe he got to hit some kind of a deal with the Amicadies in his neighborhood.
Okay, like the 8 for 1 double cheeseburgers or something, I don't know.
The most embarrassing bodily function, odor or abnormality that could happen to me with other people around is
having a lot, why does it say having?
I mean, you don't have a fart.
You cut a fart.
You know what it should say?
That's what it should say.
Yeah, it shouldn't say having.
You ever have a fart?
I have one known.
I might cut it later.
Oh no.
Cutting a louder bad smelling fart, 3333.
3333, we're halfway there.
That's the most sign of the beast.
The sign of the beast, it is written in the old man.
Bad breath, 69.
I hate this pull, 49.
Sneezing and shooting, snott, 39.
You thought it was just a little something there, and it's snott.
Getting an unexpected, slippy in my pants, 37.
Why don't I think that's what we're going to happen again to this old man?
Spit flying out of my mouth while talking, 20.
Smell me under, I'm 13.
It doesn't matter the fact that the thing about the thing in the pants,
I don't want to say that again, because Joyce will get all upset.
There was a kid in my high school, Bob with his spoon.
I guess he was sitting during study hall, always staring at the girls, you know?
Because when he, I noticed that several times, Bob with his spoon.
I always loved Bob.
Now he's old and grotesque and old man like me.
See, that's the sad part.
You can't go back to school and make everybody the same person that they were like,
100 years ago.
Damn it.
Spit flying out of my mouth while talking, 20 like Dr. Ron with honky,
he was used to spit in the eel's face.
I used to like have to go take a shower.
I have to go down there with Ray Whitney and take a shower in between periods.
Why, only wish.
Smell me under, I'm 13.
Having a fishy smell, 12.
There's a lot of fishy smells that would, Bob.
I've said that a lot of fishy machines do mine lately.
Really fishy.
Since I came back from Berlin, I think they've decided they don't like me very much.
Food between my teeth 11, pimple on my pus 8, stomach rumbling 8,
visible nose or ear hair 5.
Well, I guess it all depends on how much, you know.
It's like in clumps.
It's in clumps you probably have to do a little something to boot it.
Dandruff in my hair 4, burping 2, you know, let's tell another thing about getting your hair real short like I shave mine, you know.
You don't have to worry about dandruff, normal.
When I was young I had dandruff.
Yeah, and then what happened?
You got old?
And then I, I don't know.
I started doing better stuff.
I don't know, just dandruff.
Burping 2, having hiccups done and a telltale, women's mustache done.
Oh yeah, I've seen women with an up facial hair like a beard.
Abe Lincoln would be in birth 6, 22 on a pole and Chris as we can make 800 by 1250.
Not that we're counting till a ballgame.
He's a son he won't be able to call up Luca Brazi.
Brazi, let me worry about him.
Let me worry about Luca.
Yeah, I never noticed that before but Tom Higgins says Luca Brazi.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, he's a German Irish now.
He's my croutmic friend.
I think one day we'll just play the dialogue from the whole Godfather, the trilogy, all three of money here.
Well, we'll take more than one day.
What was that?
That was Frankie getting all whipped up again.
My favorite character in the history of movies now, at least today, at least for this week.
It'll change.
Attorney General Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez, we're speaking of your hair.
We're just going to grow in calls for his resignation yesterday.
We're supposed to be all whipped up about this.
I started mentioning before all these dead people over there, almost 3200 American soldiers,
that thousands and thousands, maybe a million dead Iraqis who got liberated from life.
How can you be liberated any better than death?
Freedom from all their carousel worries and woes, as in woes us.
And what they're worried about is this crap.
As scores of the movie, we'll take documents detailed a two year campaign by the distance from their White House to purge federal prosecutors.
I mean, naturally, they all ought to be in jail in federal prison, but that's beside the point.
Gonzalez acknowledges Department of Miss Handle of Dismissals of AUS Attorney's and Missed Leg Combrist about how they were fired to did.
He said he was ultimately to blame for those mistakes, but stood by the fireings.
I acknowledge that mistakes were made here.
He told reporters that a news briefing after he canceled the out-of-town trip, I accept that responsibility.
He promised changes to the mistakes that occurred in this instance, and not occur again in the future.
He also accepted the resignation of his chief of staff, Kyle Stamson.
The eight along with then White House Council, Harry Admires, has been discussing possible firing of U.S. Attorney's in 2005, according to emails released yesterday.
It was the second time it was many weeks that Gonzalez was under fire.
Last week, the Attorney General, FBI Director Robert Mueller, admitted the FBI improperly at times illegally used the Patriot Act to secretly proude personal information about Americans in terrorism investigations.
It's called fascism, baby. Fascism. That's what it's called. Nazis, goose-stepping, marching, hair-mongering would be proud.
It goes up mega-low with pride. That is correct. Absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
Sure.
Now, what do you think? Are we going to take any calls today?
We got a short show thanks to that Marvel X Divisionist game, which ought to be a real ratings booster, make no mistake about how we can take that back up to about a 1.
Q.I.M. Hello.
You'll get back.
Yes, sir.
He's on the mail.
Okay.
Just hadn't heard what you think of the movie last night.
I think of what?
The raising Arizona, sorry.
I didn't watch the last night.
Oh, you can watch it.
There's any time I referenced salad days.
You're talking about words that people use that's a line in there.
And all the other days, yeah, that's the understood but expressed in salad days.
It has the greatest music theme song I can get to Godfather of all the time.
I haven't seen it in like more than I can figure it out.
Okay.
While I was looking at what I watched.
What if that guy still snoozing from Magnolia?
You know that guy he calls in almost every day?
He's like three quarters of the way through it now.
I think he's in the power of Jason Robars pulls that thing out of his nose.
626 votes on the poll.
So far the Farts, and Eric Chainson.
He Eric's making up for his deviant behavior last night.
He changed the poll.
Instead of having a far one.
And again, that wasn't my fault or Eric's fault.
Who Charlie be who sends in all these great polls.
Maybe Charlie be has a far.
You know, other people cut him.
He has him.
In fact, maybe like in a bottle somewhere.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your game.
Any questions?
And our live from Rijel 7.
It's the Neal Roger Show.
I like to read open song for bit writing.
The idea of time like the American Pythes.
The Almighty God's All I Don't Say Not Key.
This is my favorite Galileo key.
Yeah, I love the way that I've been ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since then.
Go get Diane Tyne right now.
Yeah, I had that with some party crack read through.
Yeah, but then I didn't go much advancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back there from Rijel 7.
I know.
Thank God.
Bill, I'm here.
It's all over for you, push, left stuck on earth.
Yes.
President, oh well.
Well, if you're lucky, that crack head is the last bush to rig an election.
Who's on this line?
WQAM.
Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
I was in the public's argalactica today, sir.
And let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper on the shaving.
I discovered to my son.
No, it's his gun.
Yes, check out the rare sound holes.
The stone's was not too far 99 cents on the contrary.
Got him off.
It was two brake stones for 99 cents.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
They tried to handle me two brake stones, but a price of two brake stones cottage cheese,
when the coupons clearly stated that...
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails.
Now, who's this son?
He's line 7 and 9.
Klingon Pinocallini.
Hello.
I forgot internet.
Three tires.
No, okay.
And that note.
You know, I got a renegotiations.
You hate my contract.
How about a one minute show, huh?
Oh!
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
I'll count you behind his next.
George.
Bye, bye, bye.
I think we need to play that at least four or five times today.
Just to make up for it.
I love the old man, the same old man calling up.
1102 at 560 WDQM.
John Aquilambia says,
the wet spot on your pants from not shaking enough.
Well, sometimes you might hit a wet spot on your pants from shaking too much.
That's another set of poles, yeah.
How about you, Martin?
I said, how's it going, eh?
It's for the pole.
Well, what do you think I thought it was for?
I said, that's another pole what you were talking about.
Oh.
Just watch your behavior.
Huh?
I can't be the whole of the caliber.
Oh, thank you whoever sent this one.
Listen, maybe you want to play not that same song, though.
Maybe you got some other facts and twan,
fat stomato stuff on Imperial records.
Let's see if you can.
Well, the boy incentive me the link to that.
Thank you, Boeker.
Thank you, what you can act?
The link to what?
Oh, this story?
Yeah.
So, is fat stomato broken as soft songs he steps slowly through his gutted house
in New Orleans, Blood Rapids 9th Ward last Friday?
Sometimes the Hall of Fame piano man,
murmured a line of his familiar lyrics.
At other moments, he just seemed to be thickened out loud
with a tune on his tongue.
I found my real, on Blueberry heel.
Oh, Blueberry heel.
I love the fact, man.
He's great.
Why such bad luck fall on me, the 79-year-old saying,
why such bad luck fall on me?
Well, you know, I never said his grammar was perfect.
Maybe his the grandpa was the grammar?
Well, she could use little help.
Lock it in the Orleans, yeah.
They're crushing.
Bricking.
Why such bad luck fall on me,
saying, look, another rear window of the neighborhood where he was born in 1920 and he's 79.
He's still alive.
They hit it with five shots and he's still alive.
Even the study won't be able to call up Luca Brott.
That's not the cut.
Where is it?
I think it's number seven.
Still alive.
There he is.
And hit it with five shots and he's still alive.
Okay, just calm down, still up.
So, yeah, I like the way he bears his teeth.
You know, like a rabid dog.
It is.
Jala is going in.
Yeah.
In between melodies, he said repeatedly,
it's time to come home to no.
The insomrade, I wasn't ready to leave.
He said, Domino, whose real name is Antoine, no kidding.
And who is known in New Orleans nearly as much for his reclusiveness as hits such as
blueberry hill, blue Monday, and ain't that a shame?
Rhodea Hurricane Katrina 9th Ward,
where the August 29th, 2005 stormed at some of its worst damage.
You got ain't got ain't that a shame?
Come on.
Hang on.
You're the one to blame.
My lips are burning now.
It's official.
Good.
Me cry.
This is a good song.
A lot of his songs are shit.
Good bye.
Amen.
I'm supposed to help him.
Yeah, listen, I'll just help him.
He's glad, okay?
Are you kidding me?
Amen.
What about blue Monday?
That blue Monday?
How are you?
I hate a blue Monday.
You got.
Oh, well, in that case, he's better shame than I.
I'm guessing.
I'll just say it.
I'll go find it.
His family and agent reported him missing in learned days later he survived when they saw
a photo in the Times Picky when they showed him stepping off a rest of his boat.
Oh, we don't want to lose the fat man.
I'll tell you that.
Domino had been back to see the 9th Ward at least once before Friday.
Said he had no doubt he'd eventually returned for good.
Workers are rebuilding his home which is expected to be restored by some or dank's God.
For many in the heavily devastated neighborhood which some have said shouldn't be rebuilt,
Domino's return is a sign of hope.
It's kind of like a fat, dark Jesus.
This is not just about getting the God back in his house.
It's really symbolic of this city coming back.
Said Bill Taylor, director of the Tipitina's foundation.
What the hell is that?
Tipitina?
I heard a typical new one Tyler too.
But Tipitina, my ass.
Which is pain to repair the home Domino's living for decades.
There is hope down here now, he said.
Now with the fat man's back, we got hope.
Surrounded by blocks of abandoned homes, many on Tuftsons, Katrina, Domino's house was buzzing with workers.
Bzzz!
Outside they escaped away rust from the black hair and friends that surround the home gave it a fresh coat of paint.
Inside they tried to inside how to replace the air conditioning system electrical circuits.
I bet you it smells better inside his house than it does in your studio though.
I bet you there's nobody swooning from toxic fumes in there.
Sitting in what used to be his pink entertainment room on a bench from the front porch,
found what we called memories of his life in the 9th Ward, cutting grass for the neighbors,
cooking red beans and rice for family and friends.
Oh red beans and rice, oh I'm going to have some wild diarrhea any second, I'll think about that.
It doesn't take a lot to be happy, you said with a smile.
I sure agree with that.
You know one thing about me it doesn't take a whole lot to keep me happy, you know.
Just a little pat on the shore, a little smile, a little pat.
The foundation which helps score some musicians after the storm find housing and new instruments will spend up over a hundred grand restoring Domino's home.
The foundation is working with Elton John Tom Petty, Bonnie Raid, Willie Nelson, BB King, others will go record a tribute album of Domino's songs to benefit the foundation.
Roughly 25% of the proceeds will go toward Domino's home.
The back end of a pink 59 Cadillac that for many years said in the living area of his home and served as a couch is being restored.
That sounds like that Donor I was talking about.
You know the name of the Donor was Ralph's.
What a memory, what a memory at the start of us that they blew up yesterday.
Hmm hmm.
Plans also call for bringing back many original details including pink walls to match the car.
A mirror, glass balcony and brass railing which were not damaged during Katrina will also be kept.
After Katrina Domino was taken to the super dome then by bus with other evacuees to LSU's basketball area in Baton Rouge where he returned with his reunited with his family.
They left the arena and spent two days at the office of Armored Tiger's quarterback, Jamarcus Russell, who knew a friend of Domino's family.
Jamarcus Maies, what kind of a name is that? Jamarcus.
I'll go get a Sharpie.
Holy moly.
Domino spent time in New Orleans hotel after that before moving into a gated community full of newly constructed homes in suburban Harvey.
James Elder, the man in charge of constructed fats dominoes home expects them to be finished by summer.
Thanks God.
He said the houses studs will have to be rid of mold.
Oh, I hate when studs have been mold on them.
I don't mind a good stud but when they got mold let's remove the mold first before we dig any deeper.
Before workers can put in new insulation and drywall all which should be done the next few weeks.
And it says he could have moved anywhere in his life in career.
This is where he chose to say elder said we're going to try to put back to what it was as close as possible.
Thank God for the fat man and quant fats domino.
I think he sold more records than Elvis when he came right down to it.
He had like 80's in gold records stuff like that or he deserves to.
He deserved to the fat man.
We love the fat man.
We got 670 votes and I think Chris had his thumb right on him and I think we're going to make 800.
Told him even though we've only got an hour and 41 minutes to go until Marlin's exhibition baseball.
Oh my God.
Right in the middle of daytime when people are awake, people are working, people are walking around, people are like at the beach, people are playing volleyball and badminton and maybe with each other or themselves.
Whatever the hell they're doing.
And we got an exhibition baseball game and then tonight as if that isn't enough after Hank's term and share with Frank Hay from 4 to 650, then we got UM baseball with Rutgers with a little girl school Rutgers at 650 tonight.
And I noticed on the schedule says 650 to 11pm.
I know I'm having broadcast you in baseball for six seasons which I did brilliantly by the way many years ago.
I know that those games can get long but four hours and ten minutes.
Chris isn't that a little bit, you know, some of those games can get pretty long but four hours and ten minutes.
And then we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and then we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we
got an exhibition baseball game and we got an exhibition baseball game and we get an exhibition baseball game and we get an exhibition baseball game and we have an exhibition baseball game and we actually get an exhibition from the
is rank and just feels the and if you're in the elevator and you're like I said
yesterday, if you're the only other person on there, if there's a whole bunch of
people on a crowd elevator or like online in public, you know, you can always look
like, oh man, which one of you done that even though you know damn well you
done it. And then you can always say the dog done it even if there's no dog
around. Now what about cats? I hate cats as you know. Yeah, but I never I never
really paid much as in. I mean like cats fart. I'm sure they do. They must, right?
But I mean not like dogs, not like my golden retriever. Holy moly, you know,
what a wonderful dog but geez, you know, even the little ones fart. Oh tiny, yeah.
Mm-hmm. It's the kind of where you're, I start tearing them you know and you're
rolling down your cheeks like like today. We don't want to get like two
graphic here. Although I will say this, I'm sure that you would swap that aroma
that I just described and what it is going on in that studio. Told you that bathroom
was breathable. Now that we want to do it about the studio in the fact that
people are swooning and that somebody ought to call OSHA, the occupational safety
health administration and say this company is insane. They're forcing people to
work in these uninhabitable, it's a sick building. In fact, maybe that's what's
happening with these trends. Maybe the ratings are refuthing the numbers are so
sick because the building is sick. Sick. Sick. I think that could be it. Huh? Let's see
what's going on here. Courage to stand up and tell the administrator. No, Joe Biden.
They got off of policy. They have put our troops in a position that in fact
has made it virtually impossible for them to succeed at the outset. You go, Joe. Get
all bent out of shape now that all those people are dead. Now it's time to get
all bent out of shape and all whipped up and start posturing for the world to see.
Oh, that job by and man. What a hell of a guy. What a whale of a guy. 674 votes
on our poll today and Eric says you'll make the 800 just relax you fat old
welcome
here we go again. I leveled me up on that boy find up in the
and will never know how many agents died cause of your
teeth. Oh, with love no back and no
will enjoy you too. When you see yourself that changing you can
ask the right is being rhymes with that. Once he
him no more he's going away for long rest 1117 at 560 WDQM. We got
267 friends on my space in your face. How's that not too bad. What's our
cool on that like 80 million 1267 okay. What I did this morning will be
very proud of me. Remember I was talking yesterday about that jackass Paul guy.
Yeah and he keeps trying to pedal that the Victoria secret craft. And so I just
I just blocked him now this morning. Just got he did it again. I mean I think
these are people who aren't even listening. You know what I'm saying they're
not working on this guy supposedly in Michigan somewhere and I've worked 12
years in Michigan. I know my Michigan. I like Michigan. I mean the winter time is
horrible there almost as bad as upstate New York if that's possible. I
am not as much snow but colder and windier. The wind just goes through like a
like a knife man like like a hatchet. Unbelievable. But I work Michigan for a
long time man. Albee in Michigan. Marshall Michigan. I was a Marco Polo with all
the small markets of Michigan. Sturgis Michigan. Calamazoo Michigan.
Detroit. Southfield. All of these. Oh my god. All of these. All of these.
66 year right Chris we got 800 like these. That was a good number to pick. You
don't want to get too carried away. I mean yesterday we could do it because we
had a decent head start not spectacular. That's how we made while we made
1500. We did 1500 yesterday. You want to know why? Because the audience is
loyal and they come through first and because I'm legendary. Yeah. I'm
necessarily in that order. What? Exactly. That's correct.
I don't uh so anyway I don't know what happened to our good friend Brandon. I
thought that now we had the good I think he's um...
Oh my god. Yeah. Well that's good to know. Hope you're okay Brandon. Well maybe he's
actually doing some work now. I don't know. Some of my correspondents out there.
Some days I hear a lot. Another days I assume that they might actually be doing a
little bit of work which is okay. A little work never killed anybody. I'll try
it someday. Not anytime soon. Richard Jenny committed suicide after being
diagnosed earlier this year with clinical depression suffering
about some psychotic paranoia that you late comics family said yesterday.
Psychotic paranoia. Wow. I think I can relate to that.
Jenny 49 was found Saturday with a gunshot wound and later died at the hospital
an autopsy with performed Monday although the coroner said an official
cause of death wouldn't be announced for several weeks. What? Why does it take all
that time? You want to know why it takes all that time so that Cyril
Wecht can be on all the Larry King and all the TV shows. Dr. Cyril Wecht.
Oop. You know the one thing I'll say about him. He's a professional guest.
You know he's a um... a forensic pathologist. Very famous one.
He was involved in the JFK autopsy and a whole deal with that.
But in any rate uh... he hasn't changed. He looks the same. He's got to be at
least 150 years old because the JFK assassination was about 63 is 40
or four years ago. 44 years ago. Oh!
Good. Gali. Here's a lesson for all you punk's out there. This is the one thing I want to tell you.
Pass along from this from old grandpa on the ear. Okay.
And you'll know what I'm talking about because you're old enough to relate to this.
I've said this before but it's something to keep in mind.
And that is that as you get older I mean forget about the chronological age if you can.
But it's things like that that happened during your lifetime
personal things that happened to you or with you or about you or just
historical things that happened events. And once upon a time you think back and you think
oh that was like 10, 12 years ago you know. And like this today November 22nd 1963
40 almost that's 43 and a half years ago. Uh-huh. See what I'm saying? Yeah that's a long time.
And then you'll say to yourself oh my god. Translation for what I just said is OLD man like old
Nia like that thing we played again. The family of Richard Jenny would like to put rest any
tool rest any assumptions as to the cause of Richard's death. Richard Jenny did take his own life
the family said in statement. He was not down or blue. He was ill. He got down or blue. Now he
was in a really good mood. He was singing a song and rolling along you know. High hoe, high hoe.
No, no, no, no, no. Like that. And then all of a sudden. He blew his brains all over his
nice Ivy League suit. Perhaps Richard's passing will encourage people to have sympathy
compassion understanding for those who are afflicted with mental illness the family said.
Jenny whose real name was Richard John Colangelo. I bet you didn't know that. No I did not.
Was a long time regular on the tonight show. That, that, that, that. Well I hate the tonight show
especially with Jay Leno. I never liked Johnny Carson. Steve Allen was great. Even more Yamsten
him was okay. But Johnny Carson here is Johnny. Basically that show was Edmund Mann kissing Johnny's
ass. That was that that was the whole show. You are correct sir. Yeah. He also created
comedy specials for HBO and appeared in films The Mask, The Euristic Crafts, National
I'm Poons Dance Week off and Burn Hollywood Burn. If you got that burn baby burned by disco
and Furno. You know. There's nothing in the song but this going for now. Right by the
tramps. By the tramps. That's what I just said. The champs. Champs did tequila and the tramps did
disco and Furno. Burn baby. And I can remember back to 67. By the way you've got to see that movie
anybody who hasn't seen you standing in the shadows of Motown. You've allowed me not to talk about
it for far too long. That's a great movie. Thanks again for turning me on to that and actually
sending me a copy of it. Then he sent me a copy of it. What the hell is this? These tramps and
themes that share and share alike. What happened to you? What did you do to that to me? Well I threw
in tramps. Why is it doing that? I'm not playing that crap huh? Oh I think it's something in the air man.
It's like a film. There we go. There we go. Here we go. The tramps. The gypsy's tramp. Well maybe
that's why you're playing gypsy's tramps and themes. No it didn't want to stay on the
warm track. You don't stop. You got stuck and couldn't get off like the mad dog says.
No mad dog today baby. We got Marlon's baseball. I mean what would you rather hear?
Somebody entertaining or some see the vlog? Some silly ass ex and not even a regular season
ball game that counts for anything with anybody but an exhibition's ball game that even a
player's don't care about. Well this talk up what is this? The longest one in the world?
It's pretty long. Since 1998 hosts on the full line. Wait wait.
What is wrong with you? Why don't you have any fiducian
me man? You thought I was going to step on that? Because I'm high and you mama eats rats and hell.
High as a kite. She oughta eat rats and hell. That would be swell. I can't you know something this
throws my whole routine off now. Now we did take what we take two calls. Not about one. I mean one
that of course that other one. But this throws my whole routine because ordinarily I know when
to put my shirt on and my pantaloonies you know. It's always a good thing you know you're not
too you're old enough but not too old when you still know when to put your shirt and pantaloonies
on and even your shoes. It got to be all but just about it was 59. I'll say it was 15
Celsius that's 59 degrees Fahrenheit yesterday. Is that revolutionary one and I went it was like
it was like summer almost and I went over to my little market there to get my soda and my
newspapers and I thought to myself. Ah this is in my height. It's actually a day when it gets
this warm and of course that's going to be a little it's a little drippy and the weather too.
A little drip. As you get older you'll understand what that means a little drip but 58 today.
Not bad. I'm sure Castor was taking notes with his original material he's got. Oh now there's
a guy you know. I was at the Eaton Center talking him last night at Sears. What airstead and
Harper are fascist prime minister. I'm just excited. Well think about Canadian. The only thing I like
about Canadian politics it's like the Brits and that is when when they're they're having their
sessions of parliament you know when the house is and they're all and the guys try to speak and
they're all screaming and I love that. I love the grief for all. Do they wear wigs in court like
they do in England? No they do not. No thank God. They're wigs. The only guy to wear is a wig.
Anyway good morning Moe. Nice to have you with us this morning. Get a life. Go on through
it's a beautiful day in paradise. Go on through it's a little shuffle board. A little majong would
be good. 26 past 11 and 560 W. Come on hour and 20 minutes away from it. Can it be right or
what? It must feel like I'm almost feel like I'm cheating here today. Can it only be an hour and
20 minutes before the pregame be a Marlins or whatever. Marlins in the Orioles. That long.
Well the year on breathing now who did that? The air you breathe. The holidays.
Is that the name of the song? The air you breathe? The air that I breathe. The air that I breathe.
Oh I can't try to hack something. I was just trying to hack the air you breathe right now.
Even if you work farting. What's that? Be of any improvement I'm sure that. Anyway right now time
to talk about the main man in the mortgage business Anthony Caliendo. We know there's plenty of
competition in the mortgage business and over the years those mortgage ads have offered things that
just sound too good to be true. For instance offering to pay all your closing costs but what they
forgot to tell you was that they're going to up your rate in the end. In the end that's where
black dome they always give it to you or how about this one? A free vacation or whether yet
well credit your money back at closing. The main man has never promised any of these kinds of
incentives and specials to get you to call them. I'm going to tell you why. Who used to say that
on TV? Tell you what I'm going to do. Somebody used to say that. Tell you what I'm going to do.
I bet you chicken necked on the list of old guys. Congratulations. Get a ride. This court
defines you gifted. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of
jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail.
You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail.
You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail.
You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail. You'll be out of jail.
You'll be the most evil person. Forget about Bush. He's just a moron. He's just a puppet. He's small
potatoes like Frankie Pantangely. In fact, Frankie Pantangely was big potatoes compared to the Bush
Meister. Big Cheney is the evil doer. A lot of evil people in the world take it from me. In fact,
I discovered a new one yesterday. There's another evil doer out there just a bandsheep. But never
less. Well, there are a lot of people out there. Who now? Let's see. Evil woman. Oh, I've got to play
that. Yellow. That just amazes me all these years that you and I have worked together. And you know,
I have, you know, my taste in music. I'm an old fart. Right. Well, when I told you that I love
E. L.O. That was like, I don't know, several months ago. You were shocked. Why, why is that? I played
the yellow on Zeta because they're good. You know something that was a damn good show. I
hate. I don't want to sound like this isn't a good show because this is a great show. In fact,
you can travel the entire 48 contiguous states and Alaska and Hawaii and whatever. By the way,
if anybody wants to call in and do me a really good favor because I haven't been in Chicago
in years. Now, what's the place? I know that Geno's East is very good and somebody tells me
that you can never get in there and pizza reo. Oh no. You know what we're talking about. The real
heavy duty, the thick Chicago style pizza that like each slice weighs about four pounds. Oh,
for me. That's right. Oh, yeah. I'd like to see him eat about six slices of that. Talk about an
accent you can't tell me. An accent your line green checkered pants. The mohmeister. Yeah.
But anyway, maybe we'll find out from the audience, you know, in the origin scene. Days to come,
which is the best. There was an Italian restaurant. Yeah, I could tell you the story about. Now,
were you still there when I had the accident with the with the rent a car? Yeah, over in Vegas?
No, no, not in Vegas in Chicago. I wasn't there in the in no. Oh, no. I wanted to see this scene.
We were going to Wrigley Field. We're going to a Cub game, which we did wind up getting to see
two or three cups. Oh, man, do I love Wrigley Field? It's just the best. And that's when the
Cubs really were on fire, you know. But we're on a Wrigley Cubs game and we get in. I had this
Lincoln town car I rented and right there at the Ritz-Cart in the hotel, get in the car and pull
up and share all our former friend. I mean, our good friend, Cheryl, image-wing the IOD engineer
and my friend Dave and I were in the car. Okay. And all of a sudden, I just turned on the
ignition and I just put it in gear and without even hitting the gas. And then I found out that the
Lincoln town cars had there was a lot of this going on. And the car just took off.
And I'm hitting the brake and the brake doesn't function and the car is like, and I look ahead.
Okay. I'm looking ahead and you know, as you're driving out on whatever that street is,
their parallel with whatever, you know, and there's all these pedestrians walking. I'm thinking
to myself, I'm going to kill like about 50 people now. I'm just and so I you know, it's worth
the steering wheel and I drove into a pillar. Wasn't a pillar of a salt thank God, you know,
although it was in the lot. I'm so sorry I said that. I apologize a lot for saying that. But
anyway, that's the only thing that stopped the car. And of course, they kind of dinged up the
car pretty damn good, but luckily, didn't knock the whole pillar out in the whole hotel,
the Ritz-Cart in falling down. But that was what happened there that day. And of course,
my friend hit his head on the thing and got nice insurance check by the way from, you know,
everybody had whipped last year, everybody except me. Can you imagine the feeling when you're driving
a car and all of a sudden thing just has a mind of its own and it just takes off because you put it
in drive? Well, I have that having with a horse, but not with a car. With a horse. Yeah.
And of course, Mitch Ween, our good friend former engineer at IOD. Now, is he still over there?
Do we know which we know? I don't know. I don't know. I'm so excited. He is. You presume. Well,
we don't know too much about what's going on over there. And you know what? We really don't care.
I don't mean indifferent to our good friends over there. Yeah, if we have any.
We know that Mitch, sure. Lewis is still okay, but he's not in the market anymore. He's out in LA
doing voiceover at his store. He's a good guy. Yes, he is. A little crazy, very Jewish,
but a good guy. WQA, I'm hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, how you doing today? Good. I'm just calling
into chime in my two cents. I could be right. I could be wrong about the Chicago pizza joint that
you're talking about. I think I think you're talking about Chicago oven grinder, which is right
across from it's supposedly where the Valentine's Day massacre occurred. And they have this most
incredible pizza there. It's not, you know, it's not what's across Chicago. What Chicago oven grinder?
It's like a they they they they make a pizza in like a soup dish like the crust is in the bottom
of the dish and then they pile everything inside of it. And it's like unbelievable man.
Hmm. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. That's what I'm hearing.
Okay, that's a lot. Yes. Since we're talking about pizza, all for me.
Good call. How do you like that? Well, we need a little advice on it because I haven't
been in Chicago years. In fact, I'm thinking the trip that I'm talking about that's the last time
that I was there. I mean, they've been there several times, but I do believe that was the last time
when we did the show from Murphy's bleachers right across from Murphy Field. And Harry
Carrie came up and shook my hand. It was in on the show. And you know, he got such a kick out of
me. I hate to say that. I'm always saying, oh, everybody gets a big kick out of me. What I really
mean is they want to kick me. And you'll be pleased to know that Brandon is just fine. So you see,
one thing about my guys out there, you know, remember Murray Wells and my guy, when I when I
request they all respond, everybody, everybody, all my correspondence out there, all three of them
as a matter of fact, they tried right then, which is good. By the way, since I said I was going to find this.
What a horrible report. That's alive. That's alive. That's like a
once-year back to the drawing board. Yeah, I got to go yourself, right here.
Yeah, the real Harry Carrie came out. And then we actually met that guy, that radio guy that
did all the early Harry reports. That's the one I was there for. Oh, you were there for that?
Yeah, that guy was great. He stuck me in a cab.
Already. When the hell was the baseball season begin anyway? This was Harry and that's my opinion.
And then what does he was never to do with it?
Yeah, that guy was really funny. And the funny part of it is that Harry hated a lot like poison.
Remember that? Because he was doing the Harry Carrie voice, you know, and Harry wasn't,
I guess, getting any money for it or whatever. Harry didn't like him at all. Somebody QYM,
hello.
I'll be right over for it. WQYM, hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir.
Yeah, okay, great.
WQYM, hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir.
But there's two kinds of pizzas or in Chicago, I've tried Jerusalem pizza.
Jerusalem pizza sounds kosher to me. Yeah, very good. They have clean environment
you know, the meats, nice and fresh, but they won't do like any pork on them. I don't understand it.
Yeah. All right, I'll see you in Chicago, Neil.
I'm the cameo fetus lunatic. What now when you y'all, what do you give me?
I'm just stretching and you're in it. Yeah, yeah, okay.
He was born. He was one of your people. Listen, he wanted to take our fancy a little bit.
That's so cool. For fancy what? Fancy shmancy. Do you realize speaking of fancy shmancy time to
put on the fancy, it's almost, you know, I guess it knew and I can start getting ready.
Now wouldn't it be nice if I had a winning day today? Don't you think? I mean,
it's a nice winning day Saturday. I went I went in the morning and then I went again
later on in the evening. I just felt lucky.
Like, no, green, maybe you're just unlucky. Remember, he said that. He said, he's
just giving off the top mic. No, you're just unlucky.
You know, it's just, I know it's not just me because I know that there are plenty of other
including, you know, some of the people out there in Radio Land and you, what?
A movie that just left so many lines indelibly. Oh, yeah, emblazoned in your brain.
Well, that's not easy to say. Embrazen in your blade. Yeah.
734 on a pool. I think Chris had his thumb right in there. Like little little jack corner,
sat in the corner. He stuck his thumb in there. And man, you know, if you should have seen it when
he pulled it out. 734 votes. We'll get 800. You know something I'm thinking, wait a minute.
Lumaunde, here we go. The original. Oh, yeah. I love it. Oh, yeah.
I hate Lumaunde. Rich and I love me. Rich and clean and crispy.
And this whole queen, you can say that. Some of the best stuff I ain't ever seen.
Oh, I'm so tired. No time to play.
First, don't think you'll get to play. Okay, it's something. Thank you very much. Where do you find that?
I don't want to ask. It's not important. Okay, we don't want to start. I want to
fax Domino's house and stole it out of his truck. Good. That'll teach him. 19 to Lumaunde,
QM. Don't forget we got. Oh, it's only an hour and nine minutes away. The pregame show.
I can't wait my friends.
I'm the only one who's been around since the last year.
The only one who's been around since the last year.
The only one who's been around since the last year.
I love the watch, boobs and butts and boikings.
Oh, how would it be, David, here, for most talent agency?
What orifices are right here in South Laudeau.
Now I know why they call them paradise. Because I don't have the peel.
I can keep it off for myself. But don't let that stop you.
If you can bottle up full balloons into animals, I can make you a star.
Oh, baby, what am I thinking this before?
And you, bro, it's just a automator. I invite you to lay down on my couch for an
opportunity to earn up with $60. Maybe a little more.
For modeling jigging, you want to be in movies and television?
Join all the other actors and do walk on and don't get paid for that either.
Why, I also handle radio voice personalities as well.
Don't expect too much, though. You are. You don't want syndication.
syndication? No. You don't want syndication, then.
No, no, no. Syndication ain't where it's at.
No, no syndication. If you're at the entertainment industry,
you ought to be held hostage right here in South Laudeau forever.
Till you die. Anybody else got any ideas about performing in South Laudeau?
I've booked it a full balloon in the animals in a party and I still don't have to send you a check.
Why are you going to throw a bow to it if I don't?
Oh yeah, going to go cry in, too.
Ah! Nobody has to pay you paradise.
That'd be capital in a while, didn't it?
Uh, yeah, but wait a second, uh, or something.
Nothing's, I don't get paid even.
Yeah, but I'll tell you that my genre is pretty cheap, man.
A shuffleboard, ever, you can play that for free. What do you think?
I'm acting.
I'm 47 at 560 WQM. I hate to break the news to you, man, but we have just barely over an hour
until I'd baseball pre-game show.
I'm pretty bummed out about that.
Not.
Man, and let me tell you one other thing, too.
As long as we're looking at times on the clock and dates on the calendar and things like that.
Now let me ask you this, what they, Chris, turn around there if you can in at the Big Fat Cheerios.
What they is Easter Easter Sunday is what the, um,
S'Eith?
Send it up.
S'Eith?
Eighth.
Eighth.
It is the Eighth.
Well, that's not that far away because a lot of people are going to be going vacationing,
oh, that's a point.
Some of us far away as a matter of fact.
And you're going to be on vacation a week before that, right?
Yes.
And I'd like where are you going to go to, like, our Copenhagen?
Well, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, response, like that?
Come on.
We got to make a world traveler out of you, Mon.
Yeah.
Let me get out of debt first.
And the other thing I was going to say since it's the middle of the month,
tomorrow's the I'd of March.
Oh, gee.
Right.
We got something special planned, we're going to kill people.
I'm just saying it.
Let's see, April, May, June, about almost exactly three months from tomorrow is
summer vacation thing for me, you know,
that really nifty schedule where I work Tuesday and Thursday and George works Monday,
Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, whatever, you know, like that.
Not that I'm counting, you understand, but it's just one of those things that keeps you going.
Wait till I sign my 25-year extension, you're going to be very pleased about that.
We'll take good care of you, too.
I don't mean financially, just, oh, really, really good care.
We'll take the rest of the four things like that.
Okay, let's see how we're doing on the pool with just about an hour to go until
by until you hear that music.
I noticed that was just at most fun.
I knew there must be a reason why chicken eggs be said music.
I just say, I think I'm going to have a good day today at Woodbine.
You wonder why I could be today right now.
I don't, well, I do know why.
There are a whole bunch of reasons why, but I could be in one of the greatest positive moves,
moves, moves.
I just, you know, all the good vibes,
all the way to the dripping out there, it's a little bit murky, you know.
I don't know what the temperature is.
I'm sure Castanov is taking notes on this.
He'll probably tell you tomorrow what's the day's weather wasn't Toronto.
The temperature, oh, it's 13, it's 56-week-a-degrees Fahrenheit.
All right, man, see, I'm telling you it's going to be a big day today.
749 votes and Chris was right.
We got an hour to get 51 votes.
Can do that blindfold, a man with our hands tied behind your back.
I don't want to try that, though.
749, I don't want to read all the results.
I just do it to grow test.
I do have this, though.
I got my usual good pile.
Thanks to the Evra Vigilum, this is Stevie Young writing on Smirking Chimp.
Thanks to the Evra Vigilum watching out for his eyes and ears of Bill O'Reilly,
a cold-blooded accessory to the murder of eight innocent children will not get away
with a horrific crime.
Bill had reported details of the deadly fire in New York that took the lives of one adult
and eight children, punting out that they just may have been illegal aliens.
The next day he received an email and read, O'Reilly was despicable to hear you
question the status of those children.
I was a big fan of yours, but I'll never watch you again,
and urge others who feel compassion for immigrants not to watch you as well.
While those without the keen cognizant skill of Mr O'Reilly would have missed it,
as soon as Bill read the email, he knew he was dealing with words of a
cold and calculating killer.
No one to factor viewers only as Abraham of Houston, this callous assassin
who tries to hide behind one name in one city,
thinks that killing children with compassion is somehow blameless.
Abe obviously doesn't understand Bill's impassioned persistence
nor the extent of his reach, after all why AOH may sleep Bill doesn't.
Bill immediately made sure the scandal knew he'd been outed.
It's people like you, AOH, who promote that kind of chaos and the name of compassion,
who look the other way while poor workers and children are exploited by greedy landlords
and businesses because you don't like the immigration laws.
Then you, Abraham of Houston, then you to hell.
Have you no conscience? Have you no shame?
Have you no factor here?
If you did, you would have understood that while fire can burn, compassion can kill.
I'm not exactly sure how. I'll be bad enough for the forensic experts like Bill O.
But your lethal compassion hit in a cloak of altruism stuffed into a cylinder of humanity,
liquefied for easier pouring, not as well of in kerosene,
shrouded over the bodies of those conceivably illegal children.
I hope you're happy.
Oh, you sure you had help?
These children are dead because their chaotic situation was ignored by New York City authorities
declared Bill O, who had obviously already unleashed his crack research team out of the job.
I keep calling Bill O because that's what Keith Obramon does.
And I love Keith Obramon. He's the best.
Nice going Keith, you're the best.
But Abraham really needed no assistance from the authorities.
He had email and words have consequences, not bills.
Yours, Bill's words make the Zidians yours make targets.
Even so, Haralbo Rivera tried to help you re-kill the poor kids,
chastising Bill on Bill's own show yet.
Haralbo, this is about the human cost of a terrible tragedy.
But even a great Fox Stadium banger like Haralbo couldn't turn on the big units fastball.
Or, Riley, this is about a system.
How true, Bill, how damn true, memo to Abraham of Houston.
I hope you don't waste your time trying to hide from Bill O, you can't.
Little Sean Hornback, the boy who was abducted by a pedophile,
tried to hide by having fun during his four years of rape.
But Bill still found him and was able to place the blame for Sean's situation where it belonged.
I'm Sean.
And if you still think you can escape responsibility or the factors net,
I have two words for you. Fox security.
And that's a memo.
That's what Steve Young writes.
He's good.
He's good.
He's good.
He's the kind of you to show all this other stuff.
A Riley factor, my ass.
I'd rather, I'd like to rather conserve with Max Factor.
He makes a mascara and stuff.
When I look at the work, a little pancake makeup.
$750 on the pool and we got like almost an hour to go.
I know, well, I'm not that I'm counting.
What time is the thing on 40, 58 minutes?
But that's a long time, you know what you're right.
Well, what's the earliest we ever get out during the regular season?
Because I do have the baseball schedule like for about 30.
So I would know about all these great days like today, huh?
12 30.
12 30ish.
Well, what's the big sentence with that?
Oh, I guess what Saturday?
There's a game.
Let's do a show Saturday so we can get another early out.
Nothing like coming out early.
Okay, here's the pool so far.
And we got 759 votes.
I guess, I don't know.
Chris, I think maybe even do this long enough.
You start to get the hang of it.
Yeah, maybe.
As I said this song, you're starting to get the hang of it.
That's bad.
It's not as bad as whatever that line was I had before about a lot.
That was bad.
Well, it wasn't a lot.
Also, when I started to say before I get to the pool, yeah,
is there, it's probably not even there anymore.
What year was it would that have been?
80,
89.
I'm thinking about 88, 89.
We weren't Chicago doing no shows from Murphy's Bleach.
No, a little later than that.
It would have been 90 something.
90 something.
91.
99.
Well, whatever.
Right, right.
I'm there.
There was an Italian restaurant.
I remember we had a drive because I always read a car.
I had the Lincoln downcar.
We're still in one piece at that point.
That was so good.
A very famous place.
But I don't know.
Well, in days to come, we'll find out all these great joints.
The most embarrassing bodily function odor or anatomically,
why do I keep misreading this abnormality that could happen to you
with other people around is cutting a bad or loud smelling fart for 07.
Unless, of course, you're making a statement.
Okay.
Now, I would suggest that there's somebody that you really find anxious and
repulsive and disgusting that just maybe next time you're in their presence,
just as long as you're secure and knowing what the end result,
the end result is going to be just, you know,
send a little aroma that could put them in a coma.
407.
Oh, a lot.
Bad breath.
86.
I hate this.
462.
8.1%.
8.
This pool.
Well, guess what?
Too bad.
Sneezing and shooting.
Shooting.
Snot.
50.
Your thought it was part of nature, but it's not.
Giving an unexpected stiffy in my pants.
45.
Yeah.
How would I know?
A spit flying out of my mouth while talking 25.
Smelly underarm 17.
Yeah.
You know, in Europe,
oh, in the summertime and the summertime,
I hate that mango jury.
Don't you?
I hate that song.
I used to like it.
The summer.
And then I hate it.
Oh, he's like, he's got like a badly concentrated or something.
Real problems.
Smelly underarm 17.
Having a fishy smell 16.
Food between your teeth 14.
Pimple on your poise 13.
There's nothing worse than a telltale pimple on your face.
Stomach rumbling 10.
Visible nose or ear hair 7.
Dan roughen my hair 5.
6.
Burping 2 and none for having the hiccups or certainly that
the women with a bottle.
You know, I mean, if women have got facial hair,
I mean, it's not like just grew there.
All of a sudden,
oh, surprise you got fake.
They know it's there, yeah.
Yeah, the issue.
And one of them is shaving.
One of them they use knee for an air like Brady Quinn uses all of his lovely body.
You get the tweezers and pluck it.
He's, and you want?
Are you a pluck it?
Yeah.
I thought you used an air or a knee.
In fact, I hear that if Brady Quinn
signs with it often,
they're going to allow me to come down or in smear the knee all over his body.
Yeah.
Well, you are.
They are good.
Well,
so we got 800 licked on that.
We got the ball game coming and we got the Hank Dolphur get Hank Goldberg's
big term and show with Frank Hayes at four.
He'll six for a sit, whatever it is.
And at 6.50 it's you and then Rutgers baseball right in broad daylight
while people are actually awake.
This is Brady Quinn.
Whenever I shave my ball,
I listen to the meal Rogers 12 to one hour.
Oh!
50 minutes to the light pregame show, man.
We're counting it down.
Holding my breath just like you.
Your husband has been bad.
Looks like none of them will fuss you.
It'll be up to that crazy judge.
Who can it be now?
To turn any cat down.
Who is the bad now?
And who really can't now?
Who can it be now?
Probably one at five sixty WQM counting down to the big event of the day.
The Marlins pregame preseason, whatever the hell it is at 12.50.
771 vote.
Boy, you were pretty damn close but we're going to exceed your expectations.
How do you like that?
Crit.
Not too shabby.
Not bad.
Exceeding your expectations.
Are you getting the fumes we're getting now?
No.
If I'm getting the fumes that you're getting, I'm out of here.
It's funny. We have no door open so you see people walking down the hall
because apparently it's only on the corner of the building.
People are walking down the hall with their hands over their mouths
and walking really fast.
It kind of reminds me a couple summers ago when we had the starest thing going on here.
I don't know.
Three years ago, whatever was that summer.
And there were a lot of people outside walking around with surgical masks on.
Well, that wouldn't help here.
You don't actually have to wear a mask like you need.
Yeah, like an army surplus gas mask.
779 votes and a pool.
We got 800, we'd look by the bottom of the yard and then after that it's all.
It's on the gravy train.
I wonder what that tastes like gravy train, you know.
What the dog food?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'll go get something to eat them.
Well, there are people who eat dog food.
Yeah.
Now let me ask you this seriously.
I mean, I don't want to sound insensitive.
There are people who are, you know, have trouble
on making ends meet so to speak.
Reen ends meet.
Like Jennifer Calle, they're, she didn't have any trouble
making ends meet and recommend for Reen.
But anyway, let me ask you this.
Is it really, and I should know the answer for this.
Although I didn't, you know, I'm not one of those people
who has a lot of grocery shopping.
I mean, in my time being the old thing that I am,
you know, done a lot of that.
But I don't really, I don't price shop.
I don't check what the price is when I put something in the
disk of the task that's going in my basket.
Because I got a few bucks, you know, I don't,
I don't pay any attention.
One amazing thing about me though is that when I go to the check out
on them to supermarket,
I can give you like within a couple of bucks what the total is going to be.
Even if I got a whole basket full of crap, you know, yeah.
You can go on the prices right.
Yeah, that's right.
I should go on there with Bob Barker before he croaks.
Now, once he retired in June, I don't know.
Hey, Bob, retire.
You know, and then there was some tabloid thing about he was going to die.
But I think he's got a schedule so that the one guy in the audience can make sure he
does miss his funeral.
The guy must know what I'm going to croak.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, just add water, makes sound gravy.
Okay, sounds like the voice of experience to me.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Ask the ad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, really would like to get a whole lot of calls in the service.
Anybody believes I'm sincere when I say that?
No, of course not.
Oh, I love this story.
I thank the Lord that the calls went south, what, what, what they did.
Congressman says he doesn't believe in God.
They don't go.
Oh my God.
He has his career.
It says, Q, the jokes about Godless politicians in Bay Area Liberals.
Secular groups yesterday or Monday applauded a public acknowledgement by
Representative Pete Stark of California that he does not believe in a Supreme
being making the Fremont Democrat the first member of Congress
and the highest-ranking elected official in the U.S.
to publicly acknowledge not believing in God.
He said there's only one God in that,
Bill God.
What do these think of you in the same?
I'm sure that's what he's thinking.
That's what I'm thinking.
The American Humanist Association plans to take out an ad in the Washington Post
can gradually, actually, they did this yesterday.
Can gradually in the Congress been for his public stance
and highlighting the contributions of other prominent secular human
ists such as Redis, Barbara Aaron Reich,
and Kurt Vonnegut and actress Julia Swini?
Fred Edwards, spokesman for the group, said non-theistic Americans often faced
discrimination for their views.
I like that term, not atheist, but non-theistic Americans, honey like that.
In other words, people are all by the God Bull crap.
Like Howard Beals said, then is the God Bull crap.
Oh, that will be so good.
The fact I had to argue with Josh Cord is all those times about that movie.
Still love you, though, Josh.
So often throughout American history, people who are non-theistic
who don't believe in a Supreme being can't get elected to public office,
or if they inform the public of their view, they don't get reelected,
he said, we're trying to increase the acceptance of non-theists as every bit of
American is everybody else.
Stark's declaration came in response to a search by the secular coalition for
America to find the most prominent non-believing politician.
The advocacy group, which, according to its website calls for
extending religious tolerance to people of all religions,
and to those without religious beliefs, thanks God,
offered a thousand dollar prize to any person who could identify the highest level,
atheist agnostic humanist, or any other kind of non-theist,
currently holding elected public office in the USA.
How's it going, A?
A member of American atheist California nominated Stark.
Ron Miller, Associate Director of the secular coalition for America,
said the group wanted to highlight how hard it was for politicians
to take a public stance about not believing in God.
He said members were pleasantly surprised with Stark's candor.
In other words, he's got a IQ bigger than his shoe size.
We didn't think we'd have any member of Congress come forward Miller said.
Now, all you fags raise your hand like Ms. Foley.
Ms. Foley.
Hey, Mark.
Don't worry, I've felt that same way many times, Mark.
But generally, I check ID first.
All the way when you look, you know, you have to check ID to look
like in the Galleria.
Geez, I can't get over that.
I just stay like hanging out in there waiting for my friend to arrive for lunch that day.
I just kept wandering around and looking and looking.
I thought to myself, gee, it doesn't hurt to look.
Stark was served in Congress since 1973 and shares the health subcommittee of the House
Ways and Means Committee, clarified his views in an email statement.
Good, let's get right down to the meeting of the matter here.
And let's get rid of all this God crap.
If there's a God, I look in the mirror in the morning and I think to myself,
if there's a God, how can I be seeing this?
Okay. Well, maybe he doesn't like you.
I see Brady Quinn and then I look at myself in the mirror and I think,
this is, there's a God that did this.
See, maybe if he would get on your hand.
Maybe he's a selfish bastard this God.
Maybe he's a sadist.
Maybe he had a sader on Paisov.
Oh, by the way, we're not going to only Easter come up.
We're some of a Paisov baby Passover.
Happy Paisov.
When he secular coalition asked me to complete a survey in my religious beliefs,
I indicated I'm a Unitarian who does not believe in a Supreme being Stark said.
Like our nation's founders, I strongly support the separation of church and state.
Thanks God.
I look forward to working with the secular coalition to stop the promotion of narrow religious beliefs
in science, marriage contracts, the military and the provision of social services he be saying.
Unitarian universalism describes itself as creedless,
meaning that there has no underlying authoritative statement of religious belief.
Some members believe in God, others don't.
In other words, come seek them soft.
You know, like a Chinese restaurant menu.
One from Kalame, whatever.
Yeah, what if I want to thank you.
You know, I'm going to ask you to come and ask your chain, baby.
A USA did a Gallup poll last month found that 45% of respondents said they would vote for a well-qualified
presidential candidate who was an atheist.
Almost half of America would vote for an atheist for president.
I'm running.
95% are not an atheist fact.
They said no.
They said no.
They're going to get a little over the top.
Curried away.
95% said they would vote for a Catholic candidate.
92% of Jewish candidate.
Do you believe that?
No.
And 72% of Mormon candidate.
Mormons really are taking it up the old nose.
That mid-Rami, he's got two chances.
Much less than none.
And then of course this bozo on here we got now.
Storyano.
Yeah.
Story Morano.
Or maybe Readamorano.
Now let's see, that was in fame.
I always forget her name.
Readamorano.
She was not a pyramid lot.
She was on Love.
Yes she was.
He'd be Quixote.
I was Readamorano.
I loved her.
She's great.
And I loved that movie too, fame.
Who wants to go to an F&D school anyway, Leroy?
Fame, baby.
In fact, I wish they all had that music.
Have you got any music from that?
What is that one that great song?
Probably.
How the theme, the theme from fame.
Da da da da da da da da da.
Well, you know what I'm trying.
I have to be a...
You got it, it going.
76 on a pool by the way, you're going to be a maze crisp
by the time that ball game crap comes up.
Maybe we'll hit 850.
850 sounds like a number.
We got to have a goal like, yes today, man.
When we got to that 1500,
are you sure I'm positive?
They're all hell broke loose here.
All hell broke loose on this show.
People were just felling from that,
including me.
I just couldn't believe it.
Even Chris, who's, you know, become...
Yeah, hopeful for the number every day.
And I pool.
Even you couldn't believe it, could you?
Oh, no, no way.
When you old fan came on and said,
let's see, I think we got a shot at 1500
if this audience really gets behind us today.
Now, of course, some of our friends out there voted 20.
Maybe...
But third made 50 times.
That's okay.
That's because they don't live in Hylia.
What does that mean?
We're talking about ethnic shot.
Well, then Hylia, we're talking about...
We're talking about Puglio, friends in Hylia.
Just because they're dancing the limbo rock
under the install doors of the tea room there
and drilling glory holes.
Yeah, we know a lot of you people are doing busy
out there in Hylia.
You're looking for the glory hole!
Yeah, and we're saying exactly where to find them
right there, Westland Mall.
There we go.
I love it.
I mean, we got just enough time to play a little bit of the side of the scene.
If you wanted to, if you never saw this flick,
and if you didn't, I think you must be living in under...
rock somewhere, huh, am I right?
Indeed.
It's Irene Carras singing this, or...
I mean, who's great by the way.
We love Irene.
She's pretty.
She's got her boobies in the boobies.
She was actually a beauty.
No, and neither was her boobies, but you know what?
Yeah, I know.
You don't take anything in there.
How long is this?
It's long, I know a lot.
Three fuckers long.
I have...
348.
I said, 352.
You know something?
This is the day it would by me.
Maybe I'm fighting me a really hot machine, my...
I can see it.
What do you call that?
Wicked.
That was really, really, really good.
What do you call that?
Wicked.
Come on, Lee, well, put that thing away, then.
You're starting to stare the neighbors.
Okay.
Well, that was good.
I like that.
And it thought is good, though, is some of the other...
like that.
You know, that's one of those things, and...
Where did we get that from?
Chicken, I guess.
He sent me all the weird stuff.
That's one of those songs that I...
You think you're never going to hear it again in your life?
And of course, in some cases, probably wishing that that happened.
But with me, I just...
I like novelty records.
You know, like the Flying Saucer by Buchanan and Goodman.
Sure.
You know, they really make novelty records anymore?
Yeah, but like weird, all weird stuff, and there were people like that.
You know, I think that's the...
I think I think the music anymore, I forgot that.
Right.
I got all of the...
Buchanan and Goodman...
Well, you know, when we're ready for like, when we come back,
we can kill some good time with that.
That would be a good...
We got 39 minutes to go...
Until the pre-game show.
I have all the Flying Saucer.
And all the baseball people are tuning in now, man.
Let's put on a really good hour for them,
because when we press the Marlin fans, how many are there?
About 30 minutes.
Too young.
I failed to yield it across.
I changed lanes for you, and I changed lanes for you.
I'm outstakeling while running around in minus 10.
I got pulled over on the insisting.
I need you to step out to be a coach.
It's part of my committee, huh?
They smell some reaper smoke away.
I look at the pot.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, enjoying this, man.
I just want to go to the grounds.
They'll get you.
I've made a mistake.
He's got a few back to beat.
He's got a few back to beat.
I could say no to 49 cents.
We get a little crazy when he's stoned.
Oh, yeah.
So it happens.
1217 at 560 WQM.
I had a little technical grit, but we got 811 votes
under full now.
I would say 850.
We got 32 minutes, not that I'm counting.
32 minutes to a 1250.
But that's not much at all.
It's like half an hour, baby.
I think the gas is subsided a little bit.
It's subsiding the gas in your nostrils.
See, they thought I was going to say something else.
Being vulgar and grotesque and perverted like I am.
But that's too bad.
That's why people listen to the show.
They love it.
Okay, now let me just take a few.
Could this 811 on a pool?
That's good.
There's George Bush.
That's not good.
And there's some calls on the phone,
which may remain not probably not good.
WQM, hello.
Hello, is that Neil?
Yes, it's me, yes.
I got a novelty song that he probably
haven't heard about 30 years.
Okay.
That would be the Mule Skinner.
Frankie Lane?
No, the name of the group is not Frankie Lane.
I'm taking a Mule Train.
What?
The name of the group?
No, Frankie Lane was not a group.
He was a guy.
He was big enough to be a group.
But anyway, what Mule?
Mule Skinner?
The Mule Skinner song.
Yeah.
It's got like yodeling in it and stuff.
All right.
Check it out.
Okay, thanks very much.
Check it out, George.
The Mule Skinner.
Yeah, never heard of that.
Have you got the equipment stuffers?
That's just a joke.
Is it the Mule Skinner Blues
that he could be talking about, Patrick?
I think so, yeah.
He's confused with the Blues.
How are we?
Where do you got?
You got the Flying Saucer?
Oh, let me stop the Mule Skinner Blues there.
Oh, you well, wait a minute.
We can do the Mule Skinner Blues a little bit.
If it's got yodeling in it.
One more!
Get it!
Oh, yeah, I know that.
Right.
Well, good Lord, I do you.
I'm not going to talk about some song.
You know, they need another title.
And who did this?
Thunder Man.
Oh, no.
I remember, like, it was only yesterday.
It was a pretty thunder.
I mean, it's thunder Man.
Right.
You just couldn't move.
Ha, ha, ha.
It's my favorite song.
I'm warning you, I'm showing a lot of laughter
but nothing's coming in.
But wait till they start putting the humor on there, man.
It's only one thing I'm warning you, man.
You know what this?
An audience.
So, uh, you're going to guess the year this or what?
Oh, I, you know, something I just read.
It's 60.
That was it?
That was it?
You know, that was just a dump wild game.
I have no idea.
I mean, I remember the song.
Okay, let's get off of that though.
Okay, wait a minute now.
Okay, so I take some more of these very word-reading calls.
Oh, okay.
Well, we got a bunch of call coming in, man.
The flying saucer will wait.
This is coming up.
30 QAM.
QAM.
Try again.
What do we mean try again?
QAM.
Bowal, I'll be talking.
Oh, there he goes.
That's my client.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, with a funny voice.
How are you doing?
Outcalling from where to last?
From Hungary, yeah.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I thought I'd call in and help you kill some good time here real quick.
Okay.
All right, number one.
First of all, kudos and congratulations to Congressman Stark.
Yes, it's kind of refreshing to know that some of those boys out here do have some comments,
then.
We'll have preform, though, of course.
We'll put in a new video.
Oh, God, that's good, yeah.
And then, uh, especially regarding the, uh, this state attorney's, uh,
analyst going on right now, my question is, you know, how can all of a sudden 80 or 90,
you know, uh, you know, attorneys like that, all of a sudden being competent, all of a sudden, you know.
Because they had a bad altitude, that's why.
Well, that's why I was kind of calm.
Maybe you could just shed some light.
I mean, in layman's terms, I guess the big thing was, you know,
these guys were asked to be let go because they weren't, they were, uh, maybe not a step on.
They weren't far enough to the right here.
They weren't doing, were Deutsche Land Uberollas.
Okay, their goose stepping was off about a half a beat.
That was the problem.
WQA, I'm hello.
QA, yes, sir.
Yeah, hey, I was like, I'd like to speak with Neil, please.
You're speaking to him right now, sir.
I know it's a shock, but I you're speaking.
Oh, yeah, he knew how I was doing.
Okay, favorite of the whole world.
I am.
He caught me off guard here.
I was in here practicing what I was going to say.
And now I'm, uh, I'm pretty perfect.
Two things.
Yeah.
Um, you're just discussing about the, uh, the guy and all this stuff.
And, uh, I just wanted to, a good place to kind of hear a good, uh, analogy of it
with, uh, George Carlin has a really good analogy about God.
Yeah, he kind of compares them to a CEO.
And if a CEO, I'll be sure and check that out.
Uh, let's see.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
This is, I cannot believe this story that we just got in here.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Is this something you know?
Yes.
What?
Is this somebody you know?
No, but it's got to do with Mr.
Rigo though if you'd look in the second page.
Mm-hmm.
His radio show is called the Dr.
Mark Uleyshow, but authorities say the four-letter-day man is a fake doctor who
dual-dot-elect erected this function treatments and
psychological, psychological counseling and unlicensed clinics.
This is in the slum Sentinel.
Mark Uleys 60 had at least five such clinics including one in
Broward County and two in Palm Beach County under the names.
British Diagnostic Institute of the Sun Coast Vascular Clinic said,
Elliott Cohn, Supposed for the BSO.
Gweli also had radio shows on WSBR AM740 and WWNN AM1470 that broadcast throughout
South Florida about 10 blocks a week in each case.
On Monday, the Sheriff's Office arrested Gweli on two counts of practicing medicine with
other license and one kind of scheming to defraud less than $20,000.
He was being held in Broward County, J.O.D.
stand 21 grand bill, faces up to 15 years in prison and stiff fines.
That's just a little play on words, yes.
According to Gweli's arrest report, the Sheriff's Office sent an undercover detective
posing as a patient of Gweli's Pompato Beach Clinic at 1,560
and everyone with South Federal Highway from World War II.
Gweli ordered blood work and a physical suggesting testosterone injections and prescribed
a cream called Passion Cream for Women.
Gweli claimed he was also a psychiatrist, could counsel the detective.
He charged the detective $195 for his services.
The Sheriff's Office says Gweli operated the following unlicensed clinics,
British Diagnostics Against the Pompato Beach, British Diagnostics of 3, LLC, Delray Beach,
British Diagnostics, Pompato Beach Gardens, and Miami Suncoast, Vascular Clinic, and Fort Myers
and Sari Soda. Gweli's website also referred to Gweli anti-aging Institute and Foundation.
In 1999, South Florida Suncentral Investigation and the One Licensed Doctors found that one of
Gweli's foundation staff members was arrested in Boka for the illegal set of prescription drugs.
Court records show that the employee was later convicted.
Gweli referred to himself as a medical doctor on his website, although he is not licensed in Florida.
He said he only ran the business and didn't treat patients. He also maintained he was licensed
doctor in Canada, a Gweli. A longtime friend of Steve Kane was encouraged by Kane to enter
the radio business. Kane speaks freely on his radio program on the joys of using Gweli's
erection injection as well as Gweli's fraudulent youth-creating treatments.
Kane recently subjected himself to Gweli's testicle enlargement treatment that he claims
allows a man to have a large scrotum sack. Kane had no comment if he himself will be arrested.
A large scrotum sack. What a sack of...
Who wants one of those?
Well, it's a good place to store things. You know, to find underway the testicles?
Like to store their nose. I see. You gotta put it in the front.
The front of his main office is in Pompidobits and not answered the phone twos.
Dayman went to the phone list of there's an emergency contact for Gweli.
The client of Comet are given his name, the general manager of the radio station,
the broadcast Gweli shows, couldn't be reached for Comet. The sheriff's office has
estimate Gweli's center's treated thousands of patients and we anticipate there will be
other arrests he'd be saying. How do you like that?
His testicle enlargement treatment claims he claims allows a man to have a large scrotum sack.
Listen, it's hard enough finding a comfortable seat as it is.
It's what, it's hard enough? Yeah. Well, that's good. I guess you don't need no help.
I don't. Let's take a look at the pool on here.
Speaking of that, we've got 819 old being. I like that a lot.
And Chris is probably proud of his api-cock. Aren't you all excited? He said 800
and we're super happy. So it passed your wildest dreams again.
What do you think?
We're taking pressure off the board or in other words, security for the client.
You should really kind of cut the shit out of here. Go away.
Lunatic.
At the Canada you do bash the two candidates.
Our home and me the grand.
Yeah.
High falls and see.
Let them.
We'll knock you on your head.
With the shot eyes, let's just buy our sides.
We claim your good news.
It's a legal drug recording tool.
A good old IOC.
Oh,
God made this thing.
Cori-advert-s-ringing.
Oh, can a bus please pass that phone to me?
Oh, can a bus please pass that phone to me?
Well, 31, there's your president on there.
But I'll be put, but I'll put him up.
And I have confidence in Algonzales.
He's called him Al. You know, good old IO.
Oh, yes.
Oh, look at this.
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, you know, that Peter Pace.
Who doesn't know whether to pace a trot.
Marine General Peter Pace's clarified comments made in the newspaper article on Monday,
which he referred to gazes in moral or something about oral, I think he said.
In the statement, Pace said that what he was trying to explain was that he was supportive of the US military's
Don't act, don't tell policy, which allows gay troops to serve as long as they keep their sexuality private.
As long as they keep their mouth shut so to speak.
And don't say what you say yesterday again.
That was really bad, but a good point.
And expressing my support for the policy.
I also offered you, how did you like that?
Nice. They're doing a lot more of that.
Wake these bastards up.
I also offered some personal opinions about moral conduct.
Pace said the statement said, I should have focused more on my support of the policy,
unless in my personal moral views.
Amen.
Remember that other Getski, that other general of crazy guy that was going on, I forget what he said.
That's right, yeah, I have me too.
Oh man, talk about the God Squad.
Earlier, the Associated Press reported that no apology would be forthcoming from Pace,
even though many gay rights groups have criticized his comments as offensive, obnoxious, disgusting, rotescan.
Absolutely unacceptable.
Pace's senior staff member said today the general was expressing his personal opinion
and had no intentions of apologizing.
Pauline Jellinick reported for the AP.
They spoke on condition of anonymity because they don't want to get killed.
They don't want to be detained.
They just kind of like disappear and vanish into the etheric as they say.
And I don't really know what the etheric is. Can you explain to me what the etheric is?
Right over there.
Oh, it's over here and it's over there.
As Ross Stray reported earlier, one advocacy group seeking the apology,
Service Members Legal Offence Network, SLDN, which is legally represented Service Members
forced out of the military, released a statement on its website asserting that general
Pace's comments are outrageous and sensitive and disrespectful to the 65,000 lesbian and gay
troop no server in our armed forces.
Pace told the Tribune yesterday in discussing his support for the military's
don't ask don't tell policy.
I believe that homosexual acts between individuals are immoral and we should not condone immoral acts,
like shooting people and killing people and naming people and dropping bombs and slaughtering innocent men and children,
things like that and invading countries that do we have no business vision.
Jesus things like that.
And I keep finding other countries, but the Lord likes it.
Oh God, that's good.
A spokesperson for gay rights group called Pace's comments,
please know, I got my shirt on, my pantaloonies and my shoes.
I ran.
Forget anything.
A spokesperson for gay rights group called Pace's comments insulting and offensive to the men and women
who are serving in the military honorably.
One of Pace's predecessors at the Appenis pentagon chief,
General John Schalkis-Billy, and I can never pronounce his name,
but I did that time very good.
Recently called for repeal of the don't ask don't tell writing,
we must welcome the service of any American who's willing to do the job,
even if they're gay.
Whatever the hell they are, okay, buy, try, they'll try anything,
whatever they'll do, buy anything they'll try anything.
Sounds good to me.
Especially if you're in Berlin, each being on a Berliner baby.
I'm going back right now, I'll see you.
826 votes on the pool.
I don't know, this pool is, you know, how many people say they hate it?
Oh, 7.9% 66.
I don't blame them.
Now it's a good pool.
They'll never knock the up pools that come in from the audience
because then they'll stop sending it.
And you never know, maybe someday they might send this a good one,
all the way down it.
16 minutes away, and you know how long this thing is?
This is the item here.
Oh, I don't know.
No, that's the wrong cut.
Where's the cut that I'm looking for?
Oh, here it is.
Well, it's not that long.
Oh, I don't know.
When that's a loop it.
I have something on it.
There was like seven minutes and well, what the hell could that be?
Yeah, let's get out of here seven minutes early.
Who sounds good to me?
Well, I can't do that anyway because I got to like, well, I could.
I could let the maid come in and like, you know, tidy everything up here.
Say, well, turn this off and close that pot,
and then she'd probably come in and smoke it.
And I don't know what these things are.
I mean, I know what they are, but what's the point?
What is that?
Sounds like a shallow luck collection.
Oh, my God, that.
I got that.
I know I got some of those other drops.
But this is only this thing from the odd five.
It was only 118.
So just remind me of that.
Because there were nothing worse than having the music
like coming to an abrupt end before they get that important opening for the ball game.
It's Marlon's baseball time.
Maybe that's only 15 minutes away or less.
And on the pull, which we started, well, before the kind of a flat foot,
it started 8.29.
Now, what did we say 8.50?
Well, I think we got that lick, Chris.
Mark it down another successful day on the legendary Near Rogers show.
Don't forget, you know, we got all this dicky goodman.
Oh, okay.
Well, let's hear a little bit now.
Sounds good to hear.
That's great.
We're in the roughest record to bring you a special beloved.
The reports of a flying saucer hovering over the city have been confirmed.
The flying saucers are real.
Real will I feel what my heart can't conceive.
That was the clatters recording to real.
We switch you now to our on the spot reporter downtown.
Come on, baby, let's go downtown.
Take it away.
John Cameron, Cameron.
Are these these John Cameron, Cameron downtown?
They've caught me, Madam.
Would you tell our audience what would you do if the saucer were to land?
That's what you need to ask.
Thank you.
And now it's the gentlemen there.
We're on G's.
And it's all to jail.
The president is the gentleman with the guitar.
What would you do, sir?
We'll just take a little while.
There goes the speed.
So thank you.
We'll turn you in now.
You're called the lady.
This is where we're going to work.
For her.
Her thing is just her thing.
That was the pelicans outer space recording earth.
I've just been handed a bulletin.
The flying saucer has just landed.
We switch you again downtown.
Here we are again.
We have with us professor, strategic fencing model after finished instituting.
And your professor is approaching his saucer to see if there's possibly any son of life aboard.
But I'm sure something...
Are you deaf?
Hey, you're not deaf.
But you can come in.
That was laughing Lewis's record.
Mocking.
And he's done Cameron Cameron on the spot.
And now I believe we're about to hear the words of the first space man, Elisabeth and Honor.
A thousand miles of battle.
And now here are the boat scores.
Point of faith.
Set the tour.
Well, fine.
The impact of seeing the first space man has this reporter, Daniel Eng.
Here I go, really.
That was the clatters again.
Was there a big one?
Uh oh.
This is John Cameron Cameron again downtown.
The space man has returned to his ship and is taking off.
We return you now to our studios.
The flying saucer has gone.
There is no spread of an invasion.
However, the flying saucers are still around.
Oh, right.
And like that's one of those I was talking about.
That's right.
You never think you'd ever hear again.
You got all of them, by the way.
You can and the good men in the flying saucer part won't collect them.
We'll play those other ones on another day.
We'll want to kill some time before some stupid ass ballgame.
834 votes on a poll.
I think we got 850 licks.
We got the ballgame lick.
There's a lot of licking going on.
I'll say that right now.
I think some of you need a good licking.
Have a heart or a liver?
No.
Huh?
That's all for Neil today.
The Ireland has to play.
I'm sure Neil doesn't mind going home.
No.
Now two more trees more holes.
And here a team that blows.
As the rest of us with lives turn off the radio.
It's Harley-Faith's fall.
It's boring and it's a big Harley-Faith's fall.
And such a goddamn pity.
Designed for those who don't like to think.
And get excited from re-conking the sink.
It's Harley-Faith's fall.
No one gives a f***.
Or get the entertainment.
The Ireland wants their payments.
And tractor will be green and must be met.
Despite the ratings, if they have to pay the bid.
And hopefully find an Harley-Faith's whose brains are dead.
And Harley-Faith's fall.
It's time to make a sandwich.
I'd rather hear Jim Mendes.
Exciting as the sound of driving paint.
Oh, right.
Designed for those with trouble.
And he's lame.
It's Harley-Faith's fall.
Lifeless asshole.
It's one spot open in the road.
Okay, like I said.
We're right on the edges there for a little while.
And all of a sudden, I fell off the drain show.
Off the drain show.
I hit about 14 times.
What?
Nothing.
That's exhilarated.
I was celebrated too now that I went and took a leak and that bid is over.
Anyway, you know, my lock.
I'm standing in there right here.
All sorts of things.
841, which means by the time we get out of here in the company,
we're going to have that 850 easy.
And I think maybe surpass it just by a hair.
846.
We got one.
846.
I got that now myself.
I just refreshed it.
Ah, it was refreshing as hell.
I think we might have time for this.
Not that I'm going to play it.
We don't have to play it all about your thickness music.
You know, it's totally obvious.
I'll let the ball begin.
I got stuff earlier than that.
I got 20.
I'm up to 28.
I'm up to 28.
I'm just loving that.
Is there anybody who doesn't like that song?
I haven't found them.
Even punks would probably like that, you know?
I'll go ask one.
Hey, Josh.
Well, I wouldn't get that carried away.
846 votes on the pool.
I'm not going to read the pool result.
Because it is what it is.
Cutting a loud or bad smelling fart wins hands down your pants.
In fact, after the fact hands down your pants,
it may not be such a good idea.
But nevertheless, 453 vote on that.
Out of what?
846.
In fact, let's refresh this.
And this is just like yesterday.
847.
They're trickling in by the ones now.
When you don't proud of the problem for that,
there aren't going to be any big chunks, any blocks of votes.
You want to know why?
Because the Marla game is two minutes and three minutes away.
Three minutes and 45 seconds.
I thought I'm coming.
Too bad this thing isn't longer.
No?
No.
Three times.
Yeah, we could play that three times.
In fact, maybe we put it on endless loop.
Or we could play more Larry Williams.
We're holding our owny actually.
I got a girl named Bonin' Roux.
Oh, right.
See this?
Or Laughty Miss Clotty.
I'll see that stuff for like a fast-style one.
I mean, that's not like a fat man like a blonde.
It does.
Tickling on her is, uh, I raise him.
I'll take a lot on the Iron Man.
Well, I'm not allowed allowed allowed in this squad.
I'm not allowed.
Whoa, look out!
Look out!
Look out!
Yeah, you know, when they were, when we were playing a flying saucer
and there were a couple of those drops and they're like,
I think Bon was a little richer, wasn't it?
I think it was.
I think it was.
And I started thinking about that.
That, that, that you just played in there, yeah.
And then that commercial comes on and everybody stops talking
so they can hear it.
Yeah.
Now, you gotta admit, maybe that would be a pull to take one day.
Although, I don't think there are that many of them.
You know, the guy, the guy cool, because there's several.
There's a whole series of pissed off caveman spots, you know.
Right.
Those are great.
The celebrity spokesman are great, but I hate that lizard.
No, the gecko.
Yeah.
I forget about the gecko.
That's what I'd like to forget about the gecko, but they still have
rough skin on our face.
I don't want any more.
We need out there.
These old news, the geckos like the gecko.
The gecko, the gecko, the gecko.
The gecko?
That's two.
Maybe the send to the gecko.
That's a good place for them.
Yeah.
What surprised me if there's a bunch of geckos running around
in the ghetto.
Let's ask Elvis in the ghetto.
Oh, don't worry about all the sucks.
No, you're not going to play it now.
We do have time in the ghetto.
I'm just the way he says that, man.
It's so redneck-y, and I'm going to play something better.
Something better.
Like what?
What the hell was that?
That was a classic of 80 from the olden days, from the olden days.
What the hell is this?
I am a happy wonderer.
Don't tell me you don't know this old man.
No.
I'm going to climb.
The valgari valgarasan.
All the crowds love this.
Oh, the ring.
Yeah.
Okay.
I know you heard this.
I was hoping I would choke before I did that again.
I thought it was more than enough of that.
That's more than enough of that.
That was that hot.
That was like the meal skin or blues.
Everybody's laughing up the storm.
Like the morning show.
Everybody's laughing like hysterically.
And nobody can figure out why.
Well, I sure hope there's enough of this to keep us going up until the...
Because what's in a while, for whatever reason is a gap, you know.
Because I'm timing it.
Oh, yeah, we got eight seconds to spare.
But what's in a while, they...
For some reason, they don't play the theme right on time.
The opening, you know.
So let's get the opening baseball.
Then we got Marlin's baseball and the U-R-O's coming up next.
I'm going to have me a good machine today, man.
I can feel it.
Oh, it's in a year.
I'm psychophysic chicken for you.
Good.
Needless to go to the...
Say a Latin prayer.
Jersey, Jolly, Jones, and Dora.
W-04, Biscum.
Fast, down and over, Biscum.
Are you guys?
I don't care how many.
Jacob, can you watch the baseball?
Come fast, come out on the one-foot.
No.
That's the dance, the ravens, and trash there.
No.
Woohoo!
