What are you gonna do? Nice college boy, huh?
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
And now you want to go down a police cap and want to go to the left, you're gonna face a little bit.
Huh? What do you think this is? The army where you shoot them a mile away?
You're gonna get a post like this.
Don't bing your blood. That brains all over your nice side.
Release suit. Come in.
Nah. You're taking a sparey part.
If your toothpaste doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough,
which could lead to ugly, tartar build-up.
The solution? Regular check-ups and brushing with new crust.
The tartar control toothpaste laced with crack cocaine.
Hey, shine almost got in there.
Wushing kick off, brushing.
Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive.
See your kids will brush and brush and brush.
And brush and brush and brush.
Crust, Billy, it's been 45 minutes.
Bushing? Bushing, Bushing, Bushing.
If you're not careful, you're gonna wear those teeth down to little lovin'.
Oh god no!
Crust, son.
Almost got a crust.
Hook your kids and a healthy habit for life.
Brushing with new crust with crack cocaine.
Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing.
Get out old man, this is a car jacking.
Billy, what are you doing?
I sit out.
Really? What are you doing?
Got a motor car to get more crust.
New crust toothpaste laced with crack cocaine.
Recommended by 9 out of 10 drug addicts.
I eat more on it like you up for breakfast.
Well, I hope you don't get a way to get to Justin's, sweetheart.
Oh, she's too much.
It's your favorite judge, Jerry.
Yes, he is.
Wonder if she's a part of Punch and Judy.
It's way before your time.
I have no all about it.
See some of the wonders of being really old and ancient like me?
Oh boy, I'm sure.
I'm older, I want.
Uh huh.
10-0-2 at 560 WQM, it's a Tuesday, man.
Thus day.
Wonder if Bruce Williams is still alive.
Don't hear nothing about him.
I hope maybe he's dead.
That's bad.
I don't hope he's dead.
Yeah, I do.
You know who that was?
What's doing that guy?
Yeah, what's doing?
Not a lawyer.
Call a lawyer.
What's doing?
He used to do the financial stuff crap with a very phony affected the voice.
So what's doing?
It's a Thursday.
No, I don't know who that is.
Oh, good.
It's your manager too.
We got the power hour with Henry Goldberg and the mad dog between four and five.
Calm down.
Then we got the Hank Solo 5-7.
The Beast at BUC.
What is that?
The Bank of the United States.
Someちょっと 7 o'clock.
7 o'clock?
What else could it be?
Eighth 30 its paintings, warm up.
It's the Kings.
The Kings.
Alligations at the center, Barack Obama was educated and a radical Muslim school known as have agrossa.
are not accurate to see it in take more than five minutes after he announced
he was a former his exploratory committee and he's like he's going to run
to take more than five minutes before the right wing uh... nut job started with
the attacks it's going to be really ugly and slimy and maybe it'll blow up in
their post week and only hope
outrageous
insight magazine which is on the same company as the watchman times reported on
its website last week that associates a senator hillary clinton
had on earth information on the own right and likely presidential candidate
that he attended a muslim religious school
known for teaching the most fundamental form of his law which is absolutely
incorrect sir
but you're correct
all-bound but in Indonesia's a child from sixty seven and seventy one with his
mother in stepfather has acknowledged attending a muslim school but said it
was not a madrasa
inside a trip to the information in the article an unnamed source who said it
was discovered by researchers connected to senator clinton a spokesman
for clinton who's also uh... gonna run
night at the campaign was a source of the old man a claim he called the story
an obvious right wing hit job
inside stood by a story in a response posted on its website yesterday afternoon
the inside article cited several times friday on such reliable places as fox
news
and new york post
rupper murdoch the glenn back program right wing nut and cnn on cnn headline news
a number of political blogs
right wing
lunatics
but reporting by cnn jacquardo and jacquardo indonesian was to be see shows
the allegations that about the ten to the madrasa our false
untrue absolutely incorrect
cnn dispatching international correspondent john vows to jacquardo to investigate
he visited the bussookie school
which are them attended from sixty nine to seventy one
this is a public school we don't focus on religion the deputy headman
through the bassookie school told him and our daily lives
we try to respect religion but we don't get preferential treatment
boss before he saw boys and girls dressed in each school uniforms playing
outside the school
while teachers were dressed in western stock clothes
i came here to Barack Obama's elementary school in jacquardo for what some are
calling an Islamic withdrawal select the ones that each hate and violence in
Pakistan and Afghanistan he said on the situation room with the obnoxious
war blitzkrieg yesterday
i've been to those madrasas in pakistan this school is nothing like that he said
he also interviewed one of obama's bassookie classmates
bandwug windadanto
who claims that the not a lot of change at the school since the two men were
pupils inside reported that obama's political opponents believe the school
promoted
will hobbyism
a fundamental form of islam are seeking to prove a hot
yeah what's a big yeah all other
crap all that illiterate garbage
uh... it's not an Islamic school it's general he said women that gen to said
there are a lot of christians but it's also confusion so that's a mix school
the mixed up
the obama a discreet fox news broadcasting the inside story of calling the
iris possible
unacceptable unacceptable
fox news executive bill shine told CNN reliable sources anchor howard curts who
really hurts
that some of the network's host for simply expressing their opinions and repeatedly
cited in set is the source of the allegations
obama has noted is two book streams for my father in the audacity of hope that
he spent two years in a Muslim school and other two years in a Catholic school
while in indonesia from age six
to ten
so there's a lot of the old smear and smear man you thought swip voting with
something that you ain't seen nothing yet
am i right is a
old bird you know his middle name is who said
uh...
let's get out of the sky
okay let's uh... what pose that here's our whole for me to thirteen hundred
thirty nine votes
not all that impressive the total that's because we have that late start but we
did manage to speak over what was a hundred and a hundred to be sure was too
bad was about
was embarrassing and relating to degrading
who poses a great effort to the human gene pool
neocons for twenty a kind of the any doubt about it
no doubt
of course
uh...
well i've got to know that i think you know what you know i've got the judge
judge you
right
just keep but you know just keep a hit in my back
what that was that
i don't know
policy
uh...
uh... neocons for twenty eight the average american idol if you were three
hundred and forty
people watch poker on tv hundred and thirty two if you like her poker
the average american idol contestant one of two
my space dot com numbers ninety seven
the average wc in the sports you'll call it eighty nine the average near
a larger show call or move up after they heard the show yesterday seventy six
and is really so and i hate this poll seventy five
that was the biggest
here's the deal today and bought on the polls are pouring in from the audience
we've got a really well-trained now we got a potty train i love that
other than the government who is effing you the uh... hardest right now
my property insurance company that was my vote to forty nine course we got
that bill that they passed yesterday let's hear it we might say that he said
my property insurance company two hundred and forty nine wins hands down your
pants the oil companies hundred twenty seven
my health insurance company eighty two my employer slash boss seventy nine
is sticking to me had a wonderful friendly call from us mostly joe belg
yesterday
he paid all over my leg i had to change my underwear fourteen times
about the ratings and about about a bit of a group of our adaboye joe i don't
do it again the media forty six my power company which only of course could be
floated plunder elute thirty eight my spouse thirty six
what are you are devoted for
uh...
i hate this poll thirty five my homeowners and or condo association
thirty
but thirty man the end of the rent the end is my drug dealer twenty seven
well maybe that's what george voted for
no company twenty six my girlfriend or boyfriend nineteen
my cable side satellite is provided nineteen which by the way we better not
say that we don't have our satellite working a q a it would be embarrassing
don't be like a technical disaster right
uh...
it's for five or twelve my credit card company eleven
my uh... kids eight
my preacher slash rabbi slash cleric slash other uh...
uh... smatha head four
get you
my doctor four or plural my real-terr three in my stockbroker so that they
will know out of eight ninety eight of it if you refresh that again fat so you
might have nine hundred
what do you think i refreshed it and what is it got it's got the nine hundred
like wild boy
that is amazing i better leave right now and head for woodman i'll see you later
i may be fine here good machine
is that incredible or what
maybe we'll take some really good calls today what do you think wqa and
hello
i want to vote
you want to vote on what
the fall
you know fine go steal computers somewhere okay vote online that we don't like
votes on the phone and they're going to stop at the library and uh...
stop at the library okay
we're just to stop it for those uh... you know best by one place like that
and steal a computer and go hook it up have some of the work at up for you
he wants to vote on the poll all boy i thought you're going to take a lot of
really good calls someday not not soon don't get carried away
all five hundred twenty seven polling paid places open on time is day voters
began the final day voting on the strung your referendum today
one voting site in shannon does suffer to power outage about six thirty but
open a schedule that seven using a generator computer backup equipment
according to elections
supervise elesta solar electricity was restored by seven thirty he said
if approved the changes today's chart would give mayor carlos alpharise broad
power over day-to-day operations of the sprawl accounting government he
would be able to hire a firecracker manager and directors and most of the
bureaucracy sixty six departments including the airport the c-port the police
and housing agency any trouble your home and his bathroom with three o'clock
in the morning pounding on your door
alpharise is the change of the government accountable to a single county wide
elected official would take decisive actions to fix problems opponents
including all thirteen county commissioners say the plan would vest
way too much power in the single elected official and on underhanded mayor
there you could appoint cronies to top jobs steer contracts to favor
businesses and steer services to be word upon a particular neighborhoods
if approved the stormy or charter go into effect as soon as you like to
certified probably next monday so other words just what you needed is a
dictator in the county
is that what they need
sure
not a good idea but anyway he listen i don't want to start because i'm a
brown guy anyway and also way of tomorrow guy i got nothing to do with your
local local politics
one thing about south Florida politics man really really interesting exciting
not
no no no no no
but it's past
you and
spread them and say cheese
on the next inside
you
you know
it's
judge
uh...
oh i'm ready
one promotion of the race sure we have an opening for you in power
oh no thanks i'm with you forget me i'm offering you more money in your own
office
i don't know i might get to be on the will i've got toys
what i've got candy
okay good quick mail and start tomorrow
okay
well feel so good about myself today
imagine that
very own office
well here it is
get set up here
what do you think you're doing
reporting for work in my new office
your office this is my office
get out
i said get out of my office
no
i had a job
you
enjoy
i can
i can
i can
i'm ready
i can be a little boy
all right
heavy duty ten seventeen at five sixty w a m
q a m hello
i can't see
well i can see the foot of the second time
yeah it was really good turn up a little bit louder open up the windows of the whole world can hear it okay
we get about eighty share if you would keep doing that
we got nine hundred and thirty votes on the pool to a thousand before the z hours out
in this horse ball kind of a town that's pretty amazing you know
listen to me just calm down
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty and he provides them a singular wireless line
we've got a male content in highly out there who is decided that he's going to um
he's going to keep sending me message in my space
and tell me that the show blows
and if we had better production values whatever the hell that means
we have no value in entertaining
and how come we don't have any guests and baba bouy and
well which makes it a real big mystery is to what the where he's coming from okay
get a life you pathetic this is probably one of those guys who does the limbo rock in the tea rooms at
westland god give me a break you know it's so typical soft food you know you don't like to show
what that you do it on our damn my space page what you doing on our website what are you doing in
our lives okay what do you try to tell us i have no right story yeah we understand that
how come you guys have no guess because guess are
boring okay it's narrow casting it's like you're doing sports talk it's the same thing
you're immediately eliminating like the overwhelming majority of the audience out there
who are in sports nerds our guest today is high and even news you know i think back to those
awful embarrassing days when i did that crap god was that bad i mean not that there weren't
some nice people who came in and tried to pedal their crap whatever they were peddling before
it was bad radio wq weigh in hello
deal yes sir i thank you my call well thanks for i was done call thank you sir i don't have much
material but i just wanted to thank you for the great show and the ratings of course that was
a great interview by chas that was great and lastly if i can request next year it president
okay have a great day he was right he had no material hey listen she is whatever you need
look at apologize okay she's got it 939 votes on the pool and judge duty is just some
okay this morning wqaam hello hey heal listen george said earlier about some kind of a pole being
held at a library what is it about and which library is it the one right next door to you schmuck
it's a schmuck pole right oh brother triple go swedish i'm just gonna do that the whole four hours
day all of my lips might expand a little bit that would not be good not be a good thing although
939 votes on the pool not too shabby like i said we'll have probably the thousand by the end of
this hour well there's your president anybody go watch that stay the onion tonight absolutely not
i wouldn't pay that if you uh watch that if you paid me by the second and pay it either
do you want to do that it well yeah actually i would like to do something about it and that is
ever recall let's have a recall election also known as an impeachment congress with that
bigot let's start the impeachment right now it'd be good on the day of his state the union
dressed just to put a little extra pressure on george maybe he'd fart a lot up there or maybe
you even drop a load in his pantaloonies can you see the look on chanee's face uh oh
wqaam hello hey it's produce man here how you doing how you doing what are you gonna produce
uh i'm gonna tell you that they try to sell beef steak tomatoes out there to have them grow
oh this is that guy get out of here man is this guy boring or what the guy that's starting with
a song in advance about how they're gouging people nobody cares okay we take your beef steak
tomato and sit on it okay take it the beef steak charmer yeah make it take a couple of little
little a what do they call those small the little tomatoes charred tomatoes charred tomatoes
yeah tomato cherries and stick him right in the moon don't try to get a good substitute for
roids man wow the produce man talk about a all vacuum of place a place they get on once and they
say something that was boring the first time and then they come back with a single crab don't ever
call the show again okay don't do it why don't you pay attention yeah idiot
god okay what's this you just fast cdc advisor rested for mendsroom incident uh oh
a prominent public health expert who's a top advisor to federal health agencies was arrested
on suspicion of public indecency for his behavior in airport mens room not a good idea
dr. Hugh tilson 67 was arrested January 16th at Hartfield Jackson and Landau International Airport
after a planes closed man plane closed policemen said he saw tilson masturbating at a urinal while
watching other men urinate tilson as an esteemed leader in the public health world is advised
the government on industry and health outcomes drug safety evidence based health policy and public health
preparedness that's here it he co-op he co-op an influential 88-inch to the medicine report on the
future of public health in the west it is a professor in the university of north carolina's
public health leadership program wondering who's missed fully
tilson has recently co-chaired a task force advising the Atlanta based federal
centers for disease control and prevention on setting agency priorities and goals he was
visiting Atlanta last week for a senior leadership retreat with cdc director julie guberting
and others a cdc spokesman one day said if agency officials have just learned of his arrest the
agency had no comment because it's a law enforcement matter said the spokesman Glenn noak
tilson could not be immediately reached for comment as u.nc office or rodon north carolina home
or through his university email it would charge with public indecency a city code violation
consider of less consequence than a misdemeanor according to a police report it is less it is
common for people convicted in line of city code violations to face fines no more than a
grand or some former community service he posted a five hundred dollar bond was released but i
have to return to rely the next month for a quarter parents and hopefully will not be
being next to anybody else i don't like that well you got a little bit excited okay you got a
little bit to carry the apologize 950 votes on the poll
who is effing you the hardest these days and don't even feel good my property slice insurance
company which is good leading this story a little bit more on what we had yesterday
bush's president success thirty nine percent failure fifty five percent according to a brand new
CNN opinion poll right now by a bunch of retards should be ninety nine percent uh
failure and one percent you know he'd like his role there's a family
legislators passed plan promising ten to fifty five percent cuts in property insurance rates
almost unanimously the Florida legislature yesterday voted to give homeowners a break from
storing property insurance premiums doing thing one do pad it promising rate cuts between ten and
fifty five percent on their hurricane coverage why don't you pay attention
soft load of home and condo owners who have paid among the highest rates they want are expected
to see some of the biggest reductions but the rate really full depend on where they live and
they're insurers George Republican governor Charlie gay Chris who pushed legislators during the
seven day emergency session for meaningful rate reduction statewide sent signals he would sound
the legislation in the law and committed Republicans Democrats for reaching the final compromise
it's amazing to see what you can accomplish when you don't care who gets the credit crystal
legislators hey Charlie you fairy they said it couldn't be done but you did it he said you did it
I wonder if David Samson was in the crowd homeowners including condo residents condo commandos
should see price based when their policies we knew in the next several months businesses will
also see some relief although not as much under the plan approved rates will fall by
allowing private insurance to buy cheaper re insurance from the state and requiring that they pass
along the savings to the consumers to you poor sluppers out there who are getting raked at it
the house was first to approve the brought 167 page compromise finalized during marathon
weekend negotiations passing at 515 pm by a vote of 116 to 2 solementate dose the senate
followed 14 minutes later with a 40 to nothing vote all software legislators vote in favor of the
package approval came on the final day of the session I wonder what for else out about that
package approval came on the final day of the session called to address these states property
insurance woes what did I just say which are threatening to face the routines out of their
homes because of double and triple and digit insurance premium increases we tried to stop the
bleeding senate banking and insurance committee chairman bill posi of rock lead said but we don't
claim the bill is perfect and we don't claim the work is done although no hurricane made landfall
last year in the Florida the insurance companies have land skyrocketing rates on the disastrous
hurricane season to 2004 and five when eight storms including Katrina ravaged the state
Katrina where it was Wilma was the really bad one wasn't for at least some of us
am I right yeah forget it was Wilma Katrina was a no big deal for us if we hadn't passed the bill
we had been in terrible shapes had sent a democratic leader steve geller hellendale beach the economy
of the state was grinding to a halt so there's a little bit of relief for you okay then
the not good enough probably to stay in Florida it's a bad idea if you're thinking about that
well there's the pissed off caveman a therapist can do it well that commercial wouldn't make
sense to me why not we're therapists are what smart my mother's going the pissed off caveman's
mother well that's sweet 26 past 10 at 560 w a m on a great Tuesday man it's a yesterday was a
corner turner like lana turner was kind of a corner turner or glenn turner you still
know who glenn turner was with a hair lift there to be great whoo whoo they'd be great and
a experience of difference in Mercedes-Benz of pompano and because at Mercedes-Benz of pompano
doesn't make any difference what time a month you purchase a vehicle whether it's one of the
brand new 2000 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans the 2007 GL class the first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV
or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars when you choose Mercedes-Benz of pompano you've
got over 200 employees working their brains off dedicated for riding you in comparable service
the proud sponsor of the 2007 official players and celebrity gala at the Dakota Design Center
of the Americas and Dana Beach on February the 2nd go to supermet.com for details including
your chance to register to win a 2007 CLK 350 convertible courtesy of Mercedes-Benz of pompano the
event benefits united way of brown is open to the public again go to supermet.com for details
call 1-800 new bans a new wb and z you'll find them at i95 and copen's row that's 1-800
new bans for Mercedes-Benz of pompano aim Mercedes-Benz do you like no other you've ever seen in your
life Nioh. God. Absolutely.
Present and...! It might be fun... Are you gonna give it up? Try over hope.
We'll make them voters. Run.... figures
3- sympa
Lea
It may be his time for his name.
Sounds like he's an arrow guy.
My, my, my, my, my, my.
Woo!
Boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
Bummer.
Boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
Bummer.
Boo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
Bummer.
Boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
Bummer.
Boo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
Boo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
He's the man.
I told you that first.
You heard it right here on a world-famous needle-rodger show.
And of course, back in school.
Now, that wasn't in that story.
I just read.
But where did you see the thing about in school he was known as Barry?
It was on that video, you know that story that you read had some links
Yeah, and you could click on it to see they take a tour of the actual school and the interview song by Link Ray
Who instrumental link Ray? I don't know. I'll look it up. It was really good
I've actually chicken egg knows what it was but anyway also it had some likes in in school
He was known as Barry right interview the guy that went to school with him and of course Fox News is probably gonna report that
Barry rhymes with you fair like that say so they're gonna come up with all the angles
They're already like shooting with all all all barrels out of control room for Murmuck and a bunch of Neocon lunatics right wing
fascistas
Link Ray and rumble is that it was at the song rumble?
I don't know man. I was an instrument. How are we spelling link Ray with a K and a how else would he spell link?
How many ways did it just spell link?
Huh
L.i.nk and I was either I think W. R.A.Y. Maybe I think that's how you spelled it
I don't know. No one is to that
You got one I got no link Ray well let me look it up in my book
No, that's not what I said at all
Link Ray me and the Raymond link Ray and the Raymond
What a memory and of course there's nobody notice has any idea what I'm talking about you know what?
That's why that's one of the reasons the show is so
enticing
Link Ray and his Raymond rumble and raw hide all right and
Rumble was his bigger hit was number 16. This is 1958 and 59 for you must be really old Neil 58 and 59
When I was a teenager
Hiding deep in the closet, but in any way
The founder of the girls gone wild videos was sentenced to two years probation and two of ours a community service for violating federal laws
Designed of a lengthy sexual exploitation of minors
Joe Francis 33 don't I wonder if he's kind of Arlene Francis?
Also was ordered yesterday to pay a half a million dollar fine as part of a plea deal
He made with the West Department of Justice in September when he pleaded guilty to failing to document the ages of young women and Florida
Engaging in sexually explicit acts in the tapes
Under the deal
Under the deal Francis acknowledged he included footage of two drug and underage girls shot in Florida in the videos
And every guy who's listening right now says well, where do I get those?
I'm not giving them my copy you have one
several I
Don't believe you
Made an example if beyond investigated me for five years
This is the best they could come up with he be saying last month a federal judge in Florida ordered Francis's
Santa Monica based company man for films and to pay a one point six million dollar fine for featuring in its videos
Two 17 year olds who were filmed on Panama City Beach during spring break in 2003 if you ask me 17's old enough
But then it's close, you know 18 17's close
Francis in the company three top offices were ordered to perform eight hours of community service monthly for 31
Mantra has appealed so there you go. He's put on probation. They see oh
He was gone bananas. Oh, sorry
Not interested sir. Okay. Well, that's not what I heard
Other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now
That's our pool we got 979 votes and we will have over a thousand by the time the little hand hits the big hand on big band at the top of the hour
981 is a matter of fact boy. This is a really good sign, you know
As always to show you that punk in higher league. That's given me you know, and I thought I really care
But it's just it's just so typical to me
The first last week we had the notorious number one Ojaan provocateur in South Florida the self-appointed
The self-designated driver of decency in the humanity who's who's just having a nervous breakdown about my sex life
I wish believe me there ain't much but every time I talk about anybody whether they're like 18 or 118
Yeah, what a life you
I have no right that last week and we had the block thing on there
And now we've got another malcontent who also is unhappy on it and I've already gotten about half a dozen messages from him
Yeah, why don't you have a really want to know he's a programming may find he's another expert
He's a 23 year old punk in higher. Yeah, of course if you were 23 and in higherly you'd probably be pretty p.o
About it too I would I was 23 I wouldn't be in higherly. Well, that's my point
Then one of the first places I will many moons ago was in highly a lakes right next to the
High School high leaks highly leaks
High leaks
Whatever it is yeah, I don't know and of course I got confused because all the streets in higherly had two numbers on it
You know 49th Street 100th Street. Yeah, I thought what kind of a bogus places this and I got the hell out of it
Other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now my property insurance company 274
But reliefs on a way someday you believe it well the oil companies 144
And isn't it amazing how the price of oil has dropped dramatically and yet the price of gas is still
There's still gouging and then let's do still getting ricketed. Well, it has dropped some
All right now you're gonna start with that Republican propaganda crap is that what this is now?
No, I'm saying my own out of my own pocket book. I'm seeing that it's like your own
pocket you can you pocket whatever my god. He carries a pocket book
He does not put my own pocket girl lemon down the street for regular place pocket pool with it
My employer boss 87 I can't hear the word that George is saying by the way it doesn't make sense I know
My employer sliced boss 87 the media 48 my power company Florida plunder elude 42
What a fabulous job they do of raping and plundering and looting my spouse 39
George I think this pull 37 a mere 3.7 percent my drug dealer 33 my homers and or condo association 33 the drug companies
28. Oh, yeah gouge gouge gouge gouge my cable slice satellite dish provider 20 my expos
concubine partner 20 my credit card company 19 my girlfriend a boyfriend 19 my bank 14 my internet service provider 12 my kids 9 my doctor
5 hello doctor 5 got blue lips doctor my doctor 5 my realtor 4 my preacher slian share rabbi whatever 4 and my stockbroker still
Solemente uno so tahto uno
How come it is that an Italian and a sponule Uno is you know number one and
Then after that they had to like go into the right. How can they agree they got separated?
If everybody would just speak whatever language I like right then the world would be a much better place in which to live that's
Baloney I do like
Colonies Oscar Mars matter of fact do you fry it?
And I don't think I ever did that fried baloney I've heard of that but I don't think I only way I like it anymore fried baloney sure
And what do you what do you put on it? Oh, yeah the same thing. It's just you know it's hot and fried and crispier
Hot and fried put cheese on it, you know baloney and cheese
All fried cheese. Yeah, maybe I'll play that again someday, but I don't it
21 before 11 at 560 WQ a.m
Don't forget that big Keynes basketball game tonight
Everybody in South Florida is gonna be gathered around the radio just like back at the old hockey night in Canada days 100 years ago
I wonder if we got let's see there's the all-star game, which is really a disaster
Today is right now is gonna pretty good. I keep going to Shereen New Jersey Devils draft. They can all right
Let's hear it for those boring New Jersey Devils
Any fish I get excited to come be so there's Joe Thornton okay ugly
Tonight on Fox
American Idol star George Bush sings the
Talking about my
Generation about
talking about my generation
Before we grow old talking about
I get get get get my generation about that my generation
It's cool you can get cool again
What do you think of me it just was terrible dude don't sing ever anymore?
Nothing nice nice nice. Thanks. Very nice. Probably you. I put up the war department
Volunteer services because you've been to the youth for the talk. Yeah, I have never ordered
American Idol and I don't
He is torture. I'll say that we haven't put the government on there one of our
Correspondents there on my space to Jeff. He says well that was the question other than the government
What is other than the government? Yeah, that's exactly right. I forgot about that
He almost yeah other than the government and I didn't make this pull up one of our listeners did
So don't be starting the big tennis with me Jeff. Okay whoever the hell you are
He says that something's cost of thing like well, I would only you not buy the by the government
Obviously the government would be number one. So what's the point of putting it on there? That's right
A thousand three votes ten forty four
And we got a thousand three I think that means that we can do this the whole rest of the show now that's what Joe Bell for
In this loop. What do you think? Let's do it
Listen to me. How long are you?
I will kill you
I will kill you
Here again listen to me
I like this the judge Judy screen
For all your screeners out there a thousand three votes. Yeah, you're right other than the government and the very first words in the
Pulse the other than the government and Jeff having only somebody didn't read that part to him
Maybe somebody are reading to you Jeff and you'll finally get the you'll get the hang of it
And maybe somebody will just come with that same rope they use for son and it's too henchmen there
I wonder if they use the same rope
Because you know things are a little bit tight and I rack these oh no pun intended. I'm sure five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty and they provide in the singular wireless line WDQ I am hello
Hello Neil yes, sir
I've been living in Florida for seven years and I've only won six days without power
Yeah, so I'm a big fan of FPL. I don't understand a big problem with them
Well, you know what there's always got to be one schmuck out there
You know no matter what it is is always got to be one there's probably some people I want to catch you tuberculosis too
They want to probably people would like to have malaria and berry berry
Still ever so that movie did you all fall down with even resained and branded to will to end warn baby and Carl Maldon correct
All fall down. It's depressing. You'd like it though. Oh
You're like it's pretty off lifting. I don't like depressing movies my my depression cup run it over really
It's morbid and depressing. Oh, no, thank you. Children's in it. Hey Brandon. Yeah, all her he still dead. Jeez
That is really a shame when somebody ugly dies
You know who cares but when somebody who looked really good dies. Oh, what a shame. What are you know?
That's that's a very sad thing, but that's that's see it's not just me
See I would think that was only me and that just because I'm a dirty old man
But it's everybody a most people feel much more. Yeah, if it's a stranger
You know, I mean obviously it's something in the family different story
But if it's a stranger and they see the picture on TV. Oh, what a beautiful girl
I mean she would have been so young and if she was ugly and had like a nose where her ear is supposed to be
Yeah, who cares she had a coming anyway
WQ a.m. Hello
Well, this is on definitely slow cook to let it today Q a.m. Hey, welcome to Ohio you doing pretty good sir
A few minutes ago you were paying for playing that a bit caveman commercial. Yeah a few weeks ago
You were asking about a lady from the godfather movies for the name of a tell your shy
For the name of tell your share I don't know you're asking about tell your shy
And you haven't seen her around in a while. Yeah, she's the therapist in the commercial there. Oh she is that is her boy
How the mighty of her is mentioned from the godfather to a guy called I thought it looked like her
But I thought I can't be tell that is her would be making these commercials
Yeah, that's how she used to look in the Rocky movies with the glass. Yeah
Don't ever give an order like that again
Good day, sir. Thanks a lot of talent. Don't ever give an order like that again
Yeah, let's get really godfather intensive, you know and the good news for me is I haven't watched any of it in quite some time now so
Maybe I'll just leave it good
Take it only we did that pool a long time ago
I still think it's a really good pool who's your favorite character from the godfather movies other than other than Don Qualeon of course
I mean don't want I mean he would be too obvious like saying other than government who is effing you the hardest right now
I have to pull I mean no questions. We were just discussing it. It's sunny. He's a riot. He's a panic
Centino. Yeah
He's a big your brain's all over you nice. I really
Is so good. He's really great. Especially when he's a beaten Carlo there with the interesting thing about him
No, and this is very sad for somebody like me who's not become like I told you one day wake up in your old fart
But he is so different now like even in misery you know with Kathy Bates
Which is a great movie, but he's like like a beaten-down old man, you know like you when you look what he is
I know he's a hundred years old Jesus movie, but he's like like a beaten-down old man
Well, he is I know he's a hundred years old Jesus and back in godfather. He was like full of it
You know, I think you brought it brains all over you nice. I believe them and vigor exactly or whatever goes with them
Which I'm sure we can't see on here. What is it?
Now, where's the thing where he says oh, no, that's not it. Oh there it is
You're thinking a sparing person every line he said in there was just a spectacular of course every line from the movie is like
Right
Yeah, that was guilty in Moe is that recall
I'm a superstitious man. Yeah
And if someone like the accidents you'll be falling if you should get shot and have by place off
Of age and hang himself in his jail cell
Of each struck with a bolt of lightning
And I'm going to bring some
And this room and then I do not forgive and then I do not forgive wow what a memory, huh? See the old man has
Not to maybe what I said that's an easy one. Well, it isn't easy when you're right about that
WQ and godfather line. Hello. You want to know? Yes, sir
I'd like to cast a little bow to that for it's a Sally Tethio
But only if you can get me up low for old time sick can't do it pali
I was just gonna think of the greatest thing is when the Humper does all the Super Bowl stuff
If you could superimpose some of your little bits over it and I think that would make the Super Bowl a great thing
Okay, thank you. I have no idea what he's talking about the Humper is gonna be doing this Super Bowl thing
Next week. See we have some stuff going on here on the station
I don't know what it's all about. I would ask George like we got some contests going on which
But then we're laughing because he doesn't listen to the rest of the station of on the sports segment
And I don't either because I'm certainly not gonna come in here and spend my very valuable time the time
I could be spending I amming people out there. Oh, man
I I thought that this internet thing was chatting was you know
It was pretty far out, but I'm gonna tell you the instant messaging thing. Oh
Brother that's worse than crack cocaine. That's like like sugar
Sugar it's a dictating you sit there and all of a sudden you realize the hours are going to buy and
Back and forth and it comes like a contest like who's gonna throw in the towel first branded and I'm sorry
I just last night. I got I finally I think that's my first defeat online, you know
In terms of that I am content. Yeah, because when you're full of it like I am
But it just reaches the point after about four or five hours
It is wicked baby it really is of course you're not in there that you'd have time for that crap
Yeah, WQ a.m. Hello
Very important usually you've got that the cycle
Very week today very week effort try it again. Not tomorrow WQ a.m. Hello
I
Might call it over for this morning. What do I do?
Stick your head in it. Okay, stick your head in it. We're going and then then hit the other thing again. Yeah, I hit the flusher again. Shmuck
Now there's that guy and highly I'm sure that was him. I told you he hangs out in the tea room
He does the limbo rock under the stalls WQ a.m. Hello. I'm the meat factor guy. This one is still
Oh, not to be confused with the produce guy the meat packer guy right yeah, you're the packer. I'll write
I'm so I heard WQ a.m. Oh
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Put me in the well you're here now chance
Shmuck WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Not there what is him that was gonna be a really good call to a keenness smell it
Oh, it had to flavor the aroma of a really great call Q a.m. Hello
Yes, my ball me my ball bitch. Okay, good. Well stick him in your back dome see what happens
This is the intelligentsia by the way if there's anybody from out of town visiting because it is the
Middle of the winter time up north anybody in South Florida right now visiting
This is the intelligentsia the cream of the crop of South Florida, which would be a really good lesson to you a good message
Do not even think about extending your life into that cesspool the outdoor cesspool known as South Florida
Don't even think about it
Because this is what we get this show. I've put it this for a hundred years now
It's a mirror of South Florida. You don't seem like a mirror image and that is absolutely correct
How we doing on that pull there's no there's no stop on us now on here. We got a thousand thirty two vote already
Other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now
That is you know not literally of course. We don't want to get too personal
But anyway my property insurance company 287
Do all companies 150 my health insurance company 93
My employer slash boss
89
The media 53 my power company FPL what I would talk about a setup call that's my people he's got stock you know 45
I love it PL I've only had six days of power too bad today wasn't one of them
My spouse 40 I hate this pool only 37 39 percent my homeowners and their condo association 36
My drug dealer 34 the drug companies
But third man my credit card company 24 my cable slice satellite disprovider 22 my ex-foused concubine partner 22
My girlfriend or boyfriend 19 maybe both my bank 19 at 15 my internet service provider
It doesn't my kids nine my realtor five my doctor's five
My preacher rabbi said of a four and my stockbroker only one out of 1032
I was thinking I just don't I mean the hallmark was the name of that the condo commando place in hellendale
The hallmark
Okay, I was thinking about a show I did on speaking of having guests on on W. Just news 100 years ago and was live from the hallmark
Then he'll ride your show
And I'll never forget it as long as I live it was so typical all the old Yentos and I had the doctor
Bill Wilbanks from FIU on their professor criminology and Marvin done and then some a couple of other local activists
It was like a heavy heavy topical show you know back in the days when we used to talk about people older than death
Mm-hmm, and this is big crowd of old blue hairs out there sitting in the audience and they're like
Practically gasping we're talking about race relations in South Florida and the relationship to race and crime and whatever was all about
usual much a crap and
During a break about an hour into the show the sales person comes to me and she says
You better change the topic the audience doesn't like the topic
It's the ratings. Yeah, the audience doesn't like the topic the old blue hair is it's too serious
It's too heavy the audience doesn't like the topic. I said the chance to my I've got all these people here these guests
I'm in the middle of a show and you tell me to change the topic. I said get lost get out of my face you idiot you do fair right
Well, guess what came noon or whatever the whole the time was and all of a sudden here comes the free food way in the back of the room
I have a table set up and here's the bagels and the locks and the cream cheese and all of a sudden
I'm back doing the show and I have to I can barely hear myself think because all the buzz oh yeah
What they're about when the food comes out there? Oh
They're all making a big simmiss and that got them out of their seats in away from my face
And I thought whatever the hell I wanted the free food the bagels they hear I think what a place baby what a place
When you see and bankrupt said in that movie when we're ready to die we go to Florida after you die
That's it's time to go to Florida have your have your main ship there
Stick them in the Everglades
1056 at 560 QN for all this is the Neil Rogers show
Any questions
It's time to put James Robby in the crowd
It's been over two weeks since he's made a sound
While his family's acting fickle he's melting like a popsicle
It's time to put James Robby in the crowd
It's time to put James Robby in the crowd
Absolutely
Right now he's just like a car at the end
Wow
He's already been sleeping
Her body's fortunate by an eager it's time to put James Robby in the crowd
It's time to put James Robby in the crowd
That's here it
He's like a single man's in it lost in town
I don't think you
He's really getting to close in his body
He's being composed and it's time to put James Robby in the crowd
All right
It's time to put James Robby in the crowd
Here
Look out father of soul should be having fun
Oh
David always still looks quirky
He's turning into be turkey
And fun to put James Robby in the crowd
Oh
111 at 560 WDQAM
I still don't uh
Well it's the James Brown Graceland
You explain that to me
This sounds a little bit eerie to me
Yeah
So I didn't give a crap about James Brown
That's a bad thing to say
It's not a racial thing
There's plenty of black recording artists
I cure a lot about and did cure a lot about
Although not so much said the crap of
Today
He can't catch my drip
Not so much this group of uh
The pretenders
1137 members on myspace.com
I always get great that even though I mentioned a couple of people from there
Like uh
Jeff who wrote me the thing about
How about the government
New Orleans
seem to be bothering you
Right
And then the poll questions other than the government
And then of course that Julio and Haley
Which I
I guess he finally decided that he ain't going to hear Bob the Booey on here
See if he doesn't like the show
My question would obviously be
Why would he be sending the messages in the middle of it
And uh, listening to it
And that's because he's in South Florida
You got it
I-I-I-you got it
That is correct
Just
Americans flying to Mexico
Canada and the Caribbean make sure
Made sure to bring their passports yesterday
Because of a new rule that goes into effect today
Today is the 23rd
That is correct
Requiring them to show one to get back into the country
You have to have a passport
You got to show it or they won't let you back in
Show it
And the passport too
Only about a quarter of US citizens hold valid passports
And most Americans have a customer
Traveling to neighboring countries
We're just a driver's license or a birth certificate
Which have long been sufficient to get through airport customs on the trip home
The new regulations requiring passports were adopted by Congress in 2004
To secure the borders against terrorists
Travelers at Hartfield, Atlanta, and National are for another airport
Said they had no complaints about the requirement
I'd rather be going through a security check than possibly being blown out of the year
Because of LaCa security measures
John Golden, the Columbus, Georgia was headed to Cancule, Mexico
Oh, not Cancule, Mexico, what a bad choice
They always get those people's comments
Never anybody that's got a brain
A brain, or a brain
What's it today?
What?
Starting Tuesday, today, Canadian, Mexican, and Germudan air travelers
As well as US citizens flying home from those countries or the Caribbean
Must display their passports to enter the USA
Like last night, I will affort you
One of the prizes, the trip they gave away was to Jamaica
I thought the guy was going to cry
Who wants to go to Jamaica?
Seriously, why does anybody want to go to Jamaica?
Do you like it?
Oh, wait a minute, we got to know it
See, I don't have enough decks to handle all the new stuff we got here today
No, I understand
Oh, brother, two loose like decks
Now which version do we like better?
That one?
Or?
Do you like it?
Do you like it?
The original
Yeah, I want a little note
Do you like it?
Do you like it?
Do you like it?
Yeah, okay
158 votes on the poll, by the way
So anyway, this guy is on the way to Cancun, Mexico
So I hope that he gets the squirts and all the other stuff that goes along with it
The only valid substitutes for a passport will be a Nexus Air card
Used by some American Canadian frequent fliers
What is a Nexus Air card?
I have no idea what that is
Well, I sure ought to have one, whatever it is
Identification is US Coast Guard, Merchant, Meriner, and the Green card carried by legal permanent residents
Active members of US Military are exempt
The Green card carried by legal permanent residents
I don't, again, I'm clueless
For now, the rules affect only Air Travelers
Land and Sea Travelers will not have to show passports until at least
January of the next year
Air Travelers who cannot produce a passport will be interviewed by Customs agents who will decide whether or not to live in the country or not
And of course probably the voter registration card
If the registered Democrats, they will not be allowed back in
We're not seeing a panic from travelers because we were pretty diligent in telling them for over a year that they need to know
Passaporta
It's written on any piece of paper we have going out said
AAA spokeswoman Theresa Hildebrand
Internet travel sites such as Expedia.com
Apposted warnings in bold with exclamation point as in
Said company spokeswoman Aaron Krauss
Adding that agents followed up with emails to customer traveling to the affected destinations
Get that passaporta and it's very sad to me
They're very small number of Americans who have passports because then they don't mind up going anywhere
And now you ain't gonna go nowhere because you gotta have one
No more with the drivers license, the bircheter get all those other bogus things
What's you know how easy it is to get a passport?
No, not easy is it pretty damn easy. What about Chris you got a passport? Yep
Even a puts like Chris has got a passport
What does that tell you that he has a passport?
No, no, it tells you he's not as lame as you claimed that he was
I had to get it when I went to Amsterdam
You went to Amsterdam about five years ago, yeah
And
The last five years ago was still pretty good. Yeah, I love the place
I wouldn't be surprised if that's when I had my apartment
Maybe you were standing there when I took that tumble and fall and broke my
Hand in the red light district there right by the old church
Were you doing the red light district?
Everything good I imagine listen what are you
You kidding me
Are you kidding me?
They're all now. I've always said this for years
I used to say this when my mother was alive because it aggravated the hell out of her
There are only two reasons people go to Amsterdam sex and drugs and I don't do drugs. Okay, so you figure it out
What was I doing in that part of town give me a break good food there?
Yeah, good food in Amsterdam. Well, where are you going to find that? I guess it Mickey D's
I wonder if that rat is still hanging under the deep fryer at Mickey D's on the damn rack
They got so many fast food joints there in the court and of course Frieta's van Frieta's palm is the french fries
Oh, they're obsessed with that crap. I was the grossest thing to see and of course they they put that just like John
Revolta said they put that mayonnaise on the fries
And then of course in some places they put that oozing brown sauce on it which looks well. I want to see what looks like
Can you go to Belgium?
You're over there. Then I want go to Belgium
No, he did not I hear though Brussels is pretty interesting
Yeah, we took a train over to Belgium. I don't remember exactly where in Belgium, but we took a train over there and I was pretty nice
Went out there for a day
What did you do in Belgium?
sightseeing
I was there with the family so I see oh gee going to Amsterdam with a family that's like going there with a wife or a girl
Yeah, I'm a little bit of the fun out of the possibility
Yeah, oh somebody possibilities in meantime. They're all standing over your shoulder
I'll be looking at that sunny and don't be a doing this one and don't look at her and they'll go in that door
Yeah, but when you get a first-class round trip ticket for 300 bucks
You can't really turn it down
First-class round trip ticket for 300 bucks. How'd you do that? As I said my dad's in the cruise line business
He's in the cruise line. You got to do the airfare
The company they had like a agreement with travel agents and stuff like that
And so anyone that was in the company could go with you know them and one person
They're like you know the wife or husband or whatever for about 300 bucks
And I was able to get on with another employee as like you know the second person so wasn't that sweet
Well there you go christmas. Moved up in our list. He's a you've got a passport. He's been to Amsterdam
He's been on the dam rack. He's been at that dam square
You know, it's a funny thing one one time I was on the phone with whoever I used to make my reservations from which I don't do that no more
But I was making a reservation for the crazapulski hotel which I'm sure you saw where that was right. Yeah
And crazapulski
Yeah, it's right there by damn square. Well, I'm on the phone with this lady who's very nice and she's taken my reservation and
You know she's trying to find the hotel. I'm trying to reserve in her list, you know, she's oh this might be
It says oh it's on that. I don't want to say it on that damn square
You're kidding no she was
The same he thought she was wearing she wants to
And I put you damn idiot
But anyway
Doug Thompson's got a column here. How many more have to die?
And of course, I thought once we got to three thousand there'd be this huge
You and cry. Yeah, it does make any of his worth the numbers could be 50,000
Doug Thompson says on capitalhill blue dot com president George W. Bush's illegal immoral and inexcusable war in Iraq cost another
27 American soldiers their lives over this weekend
That's right 27
27
Saturday's escalating violence in the out of control civil war killed 25 Americans the third bloodiest day of the war and two more died on Sunday
This brings the death toll of Americans in Iraq to more than
350 and comes as the first brigades of Bush's ill-conceived troops who are driving the country to provide more cannon fodder for his ridiculous war
This doesn't include the more than 50,000 Americans who would have named or the hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians killed or wounded as we saw the Bush's war
How many more have to die because of Bush's madness?
Most of Pentagon projections of 6,000 dead by the end of this year and 10,000 dead by the end of next year come tragically true before something's done to stop this out of control president
Today started off bloody as two bombings killed at least 78 Iraqis wounded 150 more that was yesterday
Such bloody carnages business as usual and Baghdad and it won't stop because of president who himself never served today in combat
Think you know as more than commanders on the ground and since even more Americans in a harms way
Tonight Bush will get up before a joint session of Congress and deliver the annual collection of lies and political spin
Called the state of the Union address
I'm not sure when if ever any president's state of the Union speech accurately reflected what was really happening in America
But Bush's railings tonight will no doubt carry denial to new heights
He will claim as Iraq plan will work. We're just about everybody else knows it won't
He'll try to steer public debate away from his many favors and a rapture to domestic agenda that so far
catalogs another set of colossal blunders
He'll brag about cutting taxes and claim such cuts have helped the economy ignoring the reality that this tax cuts
Can buy with massive spending for his field war have plunged the country in a way massive that they will haunt future generations
The damage this man is collection of thugs thieves con artist and liars have done this country is inconceivable
Irresponsible and possibly irreparable
Even members of his own party now abandon his failed principles and policies republican senator Chuck
Hayber calls Bush's latest troop surge the biggest foreign policy blunder since Vietnam
Voters last November sent a clear message that they want America's out of Americans out of Iraq
But Bush proudly says he doesn't listen to voters or anyone else who disagrees with his flawed vision of reality
Congress is much help either they talk of non-vinding resolutions to bring the troops home
But like the courage to take a real stance against a despotic president who asked for all practical purposes
Seat control the government of the USA
While all this pondering and policy-king and pussyfooting continues more and more americans die and award that didn't need to be waged
For reasons that did not exist by president with no regard for law morality or decency
How many more have to die the fact that even one america died from Bush's lunacy is too many
Every day that this carnage is allowed to continue as a crime against humanity by a war criminal named George W Bush
Aided and abetted by a criminal enterprise called the congress of the US a
I
Hey, this is Tom your default friend in my space. I'm the regular kind of guy is sending tips and updates
You know like your stolen pick load faster at 600k good godly gosh my space sure has grown
Hasn't it and all along it was just me Tom running the whole thing
Yeah, just me regular guy Tom and I'm being as honest as anyone else is on my space
Just because it's sold is for $580 million doesn't mean I can't be the friendly mask of another powerful corporation
That writes new laws that run your meaningless lives look at you. You're like ants
Right, Rupert?
Right, Tom. You make the prince of darkness proud, right?
Continue using your image to lord children to young for later and law enforcement personnel who poses the same and together
We will deliver the souls of all lunch
We'll say to the people grant you the gift of immortality
Good night. J. Thanks, Rupert. This is Tom saying see you online tomorrow with another happy update
I know what you think
You broke my heart. You want?
You broke my heart. Oh
Before he's dead too right John Kizal yes
Freito is all time. Oh for a long time is that sad he was also the engine in dog day afternoon correct
Addica addica and then he was also I'm dying over here anyway
Wait till you hear this the to show you how many people there are out there with too much time in her hands
And what kind of a world it is
350 dead American soldiers in Iraq we got this
Bimbo this lunatic was gonna make his state of the onion address tonight
We should have been impeached to refer the first time he sent one soldier over there. They should have impeached his ass
And this is what America's worried about average superbowl ticket price leaps of 50
140 bucks
George will take two
To what?
The average superbowl ticket increased 6% yesterday to 5,000 five on the average price
5,000 140 bucks on increased demand from fans of the bears and the cults
According analysis by seat smart seat smart
Back to me. They check out to see if you've got any stains on your undery on on these
Indies in the undies the cheapest tickets for sale are on the five large ticket broker scif seats smart tracks went for an average of 40
250 for on Sunday before the bears and quotes won their games that to win in the
February for a superbowl dolphin stadium. Yes, they had to have 9% to 46 15
With the bears playing in their first superbowl in 20 years and the quotes making their first superbowl
For instance, they left Baltimore in 84
ticket brokers and travel companies saw the teams as boosting ticket demand for superbowl
Cole Fairs and bear fans have been waiting a long time for this said seat smart chief executive Larry
Cascasca
seat smart
How do you like that?
WDQ-AM hello
Huh?
WDQ-AM hello
Hey, yeah, yes sir
Meaning this is uh, you know, I know Reverend lunatic. I know they're all back and forced
Yeah, why I did was tripped in fell in the cobblestone streets. That's exactly correct
But of course these people have got some story
I have no idea what they're talking about neither today, but they they have see
This is what I love about the audience so many of them
They have all these just like the one last week with the they got involved with our page, you know
They've all these the delusions and they're sitting around because they have no lives and so they conjure up all these images
I'm doing this and I'm doing that and there yeah
Right
Tripped in fall one of those stumbling falls where you had somebody up to the streaming in times
Sure stuff and uh, and here comes this hooker out of the uh red light district or one of the doors
Yeah, the guy mister your nose is bleeding can happen she took me in and washed off my face and then she was very nice
Very nice that sweet
Wasn't that sorry? I told you that is it in time. It's the true story. She was very nice. Sure right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the right particular no, he did not tipper
Good god W Q a m. Hello
Q a m. Hello
Q a m
No, yes
Okay
Hey
You uh mentioned that you looked in a mirror the other day and realized you're an old part
No, that's not what I said at all. It's said about how fat I was. I know I'm an old fart
Well, I gotta tell you that
uh the only one I know that
Insta message that can instrument for four hours is my teenage daughter and yeah
I think you still young at heart and then you're right
I think I think Brandon kept me under a total of maybe five hours last night
I have never been so exhausted in my I'm serious
There was like a two-part like a marathon. I come back in here and he's still on there and a
Bad back and forth and he won the endurance contest. I must confess. I've been busted
Well, you sure act like it you know, I still like a teenager when it comes to um, you know
My space and the instant messaging so I wouldn't worry too much about my second childhood man
I didn't enjoy the first one that much so I'm gonna enjoy this one
You did leave off one category last week and you're a fool about what you're gonna do in your retire. Yeah
And that's have a lot of hot gay sex
Oh, there he is back again the hot gay sex guy
Another one with a wild imagination hot gay sex
I'm gonna say gay sex do you have lukewarm? Okay, I
I didn't know that there was any other kind all depends on what your definition of hot is okay
Of course, there's some people who are hot and there's somewhere not so hot like my old
Quentin's belch and fart years ago in Miami on biscuit and boulevard belch and fart
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only Verizon singular wireless line w.w.a.m. Hello
Yeah, I wonder if that's George what are some good enemies to start with
Betty Boop
Huh Betty Boop
What is that
You got to start there okay, give him a seat is going on we're hoping
You're gonna have to give us some suggestion WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m
This this thing is doing the same thing as well and everything just disappeared. Look at that. Oh it went went out dead for a second
I don't want to say that there are technical issues of Q a.m. But then again the audience is tired hearing about it
So am I Q a.m. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a father grudge
Okay, great. Well, I'm real happy for you. Okay birds of a feather flush together Q a.m. Hello
Rupert Holmes is my hero
Shylock Holmes is my hero sir Q a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Yes, hello Neil. Hello, sir
You didn't put the you're going to move to ride go seven
Gonna what you're gonna move to ride go seven like in that book of Brian's
Yeah
Let's hear it. Yeah, I can't wait WQ a.m. Hello
White the sky blue
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, hey, don't listen and I've been on and off Josh not part of the show anymore. That is correct
Okay, so first time you know Josh. Thanks. Sure
Right, you're feeling all of you now Josh. I'm killing them all off. Like I had some to do with it
Police like that's okay to sleep to yeah, I think the call I think the call is most of them do need to be put to sleep and believe me
I have no problems with I got plenty of experience now
My mother used to talk about you know having the dogs put to sleep and I used to say, well, you know what your age
Maybe there's something to think about there, but then of course she did it's all a big favor
She went to that fetch the into a place in the sky 115 votes on the pool other than the government
Who is that thing you the hardest right now my property insurance company 299
Before we got that blessed relief about 30 cent now
Okay, everybody gonna save a few bucks and just kiss the ground kiss governor. Chris right where he likes it the most
The oil companies 165 my health insurance company 106 my employer sliced boss 92 the media 55
There's so many choices on this pool takes half hour to read if this is a good good idea
My power company Florida Plut or Luke 50 my spouse 45. I hate this pool only 3939 percent
My homeowner is my and or condo association 38 my drug dealer 35 my drug companies 31
credit card company 27 my cable or satellite is provider 24 my ex-spoused about a size partner whatever 22
My girlfriend a boyfriend 20 my bank 18 my internet service provider 18
16 whatever it says my kids 10 my realtor 5 my doctor 5 my preacher rabbi
Shmata head for and my stockbroker only one out of 1100 116 we broke another barrier there today aren't you excited no no
Why do you ought to be you're gonna apologize? I'm sorry
26 past 11 at 560 WQM and one thing I want to tell you right now be aware of any stranger
That's what I want to say no seriously the message I have for you go travel, you know get out of that place
Get you a passport and go see the world now even Chris even when I a greenhorn like Chris has been an Amsterdam
Who did not take a tumbling fall on a cobblestone streets in the red light district? I hope
So that's all guy followers bike. Did you really? Yeah, he was like driving
You know I've had this bike everywhere. He's just kind of driving
The thing in Amsterdam is if you're a pedestrian which is most of us
Look out because you've got the trams you've got the crazy people in the bicycles you've got
Of course some cars on those very narrow streets and it's a it's a dangerous place
Very dangerous. Why sure we still my apartment would have worked out you know, I'd probably I wouldn't be there right now
But that would have been nice if I would have had a habitable apartment tough to five living quarters named today
I'll say that if you're what habitable. Yeah habitable. What did I say?
No, it's just that I like that word habitable. It's an important word livable right not musty not mold right
Right without those biggest spiders the size of bowling balls and without all the schmutz and the mil do in the basement
And when you got bedrooms in the basement not a good idea especially when it's like oh
Schmutzie
But that was your buddy Al Goldstein got me in touch with the Peter the a tweeter there my landlord Peter the tweeter
I'll go back there and throw a brick through his window 26 past 11 at five. See that I'm a QM
Peter. Yeah, we go. How's Randy doing huh? Oh, how's that lawsuit coming honey? How's that bankruptcy at the scare America?
Nice college boy, huh?
They want to get mixed up in the family business
And now you want to go and down a police captain why cuz he slapped you in a face a little bit
Huh? What do you think this is the army where you shoot him a mile away?
You're gonna get a post like this a bit of being your blood that brains all over your nice cyber league suit
Come here
Ah, you're thinking that's very personal coming up tonight
I'm inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
As we step into another year
It's important to reflect on the ways that music has lifted our hearts change the way we look at the world
And given us a reason to go on living
Like that song by big godfather
I can't wait to make a fresh start this year. We asked our inside the behind interns what a new beginning means to them
Here's Dave. Well, you just think about how much more there really is to life and yet. Oh
Um, give me one second
Oh
Thanks Dave
Julie's about to finish up her graduate studies in social work and really make a difference out there
Julie I just want to help people and
Oh dear god
You got any fast acting poison here you go thank you
And finally young Timothy who dreams of a career as a
Oh, I guess Timothy can't come to the mic right now
Well, we hope all of you listening appreciate the uplifting life of framing message that only truly great music can convey
Apparently you do
Happy new year from all of us it inside behind
Oh boy, I was pretty exciting. I'm well said the godfather's on its way to go man. What's your right in but it was
Turmeric the word it was uh doing thing one do about it. Yeah. I'm gonna like a
Schmidt candidate 27. I'll do it at 560 WM
Much has been made of America's so-called religious divide
But few of the discussions and debates resemble Alexander Pelosi's new film Friends of God. I wonder if that's friends of
Good
The HBO documentary shows the Reverend Ted Hagrid the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals
Talking frankly about how evangelical Christians have sex more than any other religious group. Yeah, especially
This case
Hagrid resigned from the church in 2006 after a scandal in Tim to drugs and a male prostitute
Prostatica, well, I guess it wouldn't be one. Huh? Well in that case, I guess it could be
Hagrid served as Pelosi's tour guide through the evangelical community in the film he proclaims that evangelicals have the best sex lives in the world
You know all the surveys say that evangelicals have the best sex life of any other group he says in the documentary
Hagrid hasn't even joking when I stream out off any assets with his wife the man replies every day
Hagrid then explains that evangelicals have a lot of love and says to Pelosi you don't think these babies come out of nowhere do you?
Of course, I guess what he was doing there. I don't know if you make any babies that way, but
Maybe it was gonna be an immaculate conception
It was gonna keep you at it for Pelosi to scandal surrounding Hagrid as hard to comprehend
Because past your Ted was my tour guide. He was so good to me. She said he took me under his wing
Well, you know fairies do gotta have wings. That's what you fair it can fly
Most people think of evangelicals as being these holy roler Jesus freaks and Ted was like that
She said it was interesting for me to say these are good people
He was a reasonable normal every day gay man. So it was hard to stomach what had happened. It's hard to stomach it
How do you like that? Yeah, but
Embrero is talking about all the hair that when you get old you grow in your ears also in your nose
No, yeah, I was dark in like longer. Oh
Prodigating rip it right out of there and you think it they think it's like a we pull it out and you think it's a hair, but it's not
And what's this thing you just says oye ve on here from Deb? Oh
Yeah, I saw this and then thank you because I forgot to print this out. Well, thank you so much
The Israeli Attorney General they
Recommended the country's president Moshe Katsab being directed on charges of rape and abusive power
Oh my god. How you like that?
Mr. Katsab has been defined calls to resign or step aside with a case against him progresses
And then waiting more than three months for him and off from my zoos recommendations and off from my zoos
A final decision on an indictment of the 60 year old can only be made after a hearing in which he'll be able to present his case
The religious people are keeping the world in the dark ages. Just remember that the religious the geckys out there are keeping everybody in the dark ages in the stone age
But according to Ted Hanger they're all screwing their brains out and having a great gay old time
The Israeli president who's the country's ceremonial had a status denied the charges claiming he's victim of a conspiracy by political enemies
The charges stem from complaints made by several women who work for him during his 10 years president before that as a cabinet minister
In October last year police said that after months of investigations
They had enough evidence to call for mr. Katsab be charged with rape and sexual assault as well as fraud illegal wiretapping bribery and obstruction of justice all of these
Five women from his orifice have provided evidence against him saying that in some cases he forced them to have sex
A further fight women may complain to sexual harassment dating back several years after the police announcement about the investigation
October was up to mr. Mazuz to study the evidence
I wonder if he's got a Mazusa on his door
Today is orifice issue to statement saying collected enough evidence to support an indictment against mr
Katsab on charges of rape harassment abusive power and obstruction of justice among other things
Mr
Mazuz did not recommend that Katsab be charged with wiretapping or selling pardons after the attorney general's statement mr
Katsab's office that had no official comment to make
The president enjoys immunity while in orifice could be tried only after his resignation to the end of his term
Which is later this year his lawyers have indicated he would resign if he's indicted
mr
Katsab if we came president six years ago was seen as many as a
Blan political figure until the allegations see now that he's been doing all the hanky spanky's not so bland no more is exciting kind of guy a wild and crazy kind of guy
His position is largely ceremonial as resignation will not unseat the government last October in the weekend for the police announcement
He stayed away from the start of the winter session of the kenset one of his most visible duties when he sits around and eats
Homentasha and not even on forum no less and also and often Wednesday's eats tray
Just to piss off the really far-bissing
It is so sad. What are we doing in this world? You know what I mean? I don't know those of us who are not in all this crap
What are we doing? I think I think we're on the wrong planet no question
I think I feel like a little out of place with these gays fees man
What is that all about with the long beards and the big hats and they smell real bad and the heavy coats in the summertime
It's 100 in the shade. Oh, hey
President Bush is a purple ratings and by the way, I should have probably have mentioned this earlier
Well, no, this is not the one where it's 28 there was another article I had 28%
This one's still got 33 so we talked about this yesterday. Well, that's not too exciting. I want to see the one is got 28%
The lowest for any president the day before state of union speech since Nixon in 74
65% of those surveys have it is approved of how Bush is handling his job only 33% approve and those people are intractable and immovable
Remember it used to be well, that's about it. It's always about the
About third man
The rating matches Bush's career low in a poll in May of 2006
And are the Democrats really doing anything about it? No, we have impeachment proceeding. No, they have any balls
No, but other than that
They talk again a little bit of a game and then Nancy Pelosi comes along to oh, we don't want to do this
We don't want to do that you want to know why because they're all a bunch of crooks and they're all owned by pretty much the same bastards
1133 on a poll. That's pretty impressive. Yes, we others read the top few here because it's they're just too many on here
Okay, I think it's up to about 130 to morning to read them all other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now
My property insurance company 306
I'm holding my breath for all those savings. We're gonna get with that new piece of legislation
It passed but 306 getting screwed bad
The oil companies 167 my health insurance company 112 my employer's lives boss 93 and way down to the media
56 which I think the media to be doing a lot more credit for screwing up the world
Pelosi the first female speaker out the house in the history of the United States
The oktober election signaled a time of change for America and the Democrats have an ambitious agenda for this great nation
We're going to deal with the war and with the economy
But now I would like to discuss a subject that is consumed our country that of course is my very large breasts
People have said to me dancing do you use your hooters to advance your political career
While it's true that in the past I've utilized my congressional sweater monkeys to confound and confuse my opponents
Now that I'm speaker of the blouse the house
Decorum requires me to dress conservatively while legislating liberally
So those boobs at those bullies in the Republican party can't call me Nancy Nippel
Lucy all they want I will not be distracted from the judge that the job at hand
In this new era of government the speaker's tatas are far less important than our unified vision for the uh
The future are unified vision for the
Hey Kennedy are you staring at my
Again, I will kill you 1145 15 to Luna 560 W. W. A. M
1143 votes on a poll we got a shock today at some number on there. I don't really care what it is and I'd remember you
Getting back to a Barack Obama and the uh smirge out that's everybody gotten underway and boy it's only January 23rd 2007 just wait
They're just getting the they're just greasing up the schmue. No is he a decorated veteran because then they really have something on him
The minute senator Barack Obama had traction the right started emphasizing his middle name rights care and muscle in the huffington post
Barack Hussein Obama they sneered they never talked about him without saying all three names as if the fact his parents gave in the middle name Hussein
Automatically disqualified him to run for president
The smirge was both so dumb and transparent. It was laughable
Then other right winged bigots like Debbie Schlossel took the attack even further
She writes while Obama may not identify as a Muslim
That's not how they urban muslims streets see it in Arab culture and under Islamic law if your father is a Muslim
So are you and once a Muslim always a Muslim you can't go back in Islamic eyes Obama certainly a Muslim he may think he's a Christian but they do not
So even if I he had then five strong as a Christian
She says it's a little taken even he despised the behavior of his father is Obama said on Oprah
Is the man who Muslims think is a Muslim who feels some sort of psychological need to prove himself to his absent Muslim father
And it was now moving in the direction of his father's heritage a man we want as president when we are fighting the war of our lives against Islam
Where is loyal these be?
Is that even the man we want to be a heartbeat away from the presidency if Hillary Clinton offers in the vice president of some candidacy on her ticket
Which he certainly wouldn't turn down no way Jose or is that Hussein she says Debbie Schlossel Luna is a visible hateful bitch
Then Reverend Sun Young Moon's inside magazines spread the false rumor that Obama secretly attended an Islamic madrasa school as a six-year-old
Apparently these false rumors proved that Barack Hussein Obama really is a clustered radical Muslim and unfit for office
Per insight Hillary Clinton's campaign was behind the damaging revelation just when you thought the statute limitations
Is up on the right bleeding its Clinton's fault. They bring it back with a twist. It's Clinton's fault. Hillary's Clinton's fault
The inside article cited an evidence to prove that this attack actually came from Clinton
Apparently insight wants to divide and conquer the Democrats
They want Obama to think the Clintons are smirring him and cause to send the Democratic Party
They get to have their cake and eat it too. They get to smear all that and blame the retrics on Clinton so far we are falling for it
As media matters points out Melanie Morgan, Westlumball and Fox's John Gibson also ran with the false rumors
Morgan read from the article in a certain that Clinton is going to try to derail the train before it gets out of the station
Adding and we all know that Hillary Clinton is used private eyes to spy on the private lives of many of her political opponents as well as the
Girlfriends of her husbands over the years
What about her girlfriends?
Really?
This program limbaugh register and claim this is Hillary's team doing this. This is not a bunch of Republicans saying this
They wouldn't dare they don't have the guts
Gibson addressed the inside the magazine article is his big story at the beginning of the show and again in his my word segment
The end of the program
After claiming that Clinton is reportedly out of Obama's madrasse of past
Gibson told Republican strategist Terry Holt now we've heard about dirty politics before Republicans aren't involved in this one
Holt responded this was either way despicable act by an absolutely ruthless Clinton political machine
We know they're capable of doing this, but I also thought you know wasn't directly linked to Hillary Clinton
Holt then speculated that Obama himself could have been behind the story saying if you took a page out of the Clinton book
And you're really shrewd and you were Barack Obama
You might want to put this out yourself so you could deal with it early in a political campaign and get it over with
But Holt also noted that a madrasse before was politicized and really taken over by the fundamentalist primarily from Saudi Arabia
With nothing more than a parochial school and Barack Obama was in school 40 years ago
Fox and friends host Steve Ducey or is that Ducey
pointed out that madrasse are financed by the Saudis and teach this Wahhabiism which pretty much hates us
Then declared the big question is was that down the curriculum back then
Later recorded in the show question whether Obama's schooling means that maybe he doesn't consider Terry's the enemy
Fox anchor Brian Kilmeade responded well. We'll see about that
The fact that Obama attended both a Catholic and a Muslim school in Indonesia is hardly a secret
Since he wrote about it in his bestseller audacity of hope
The fact that he was six years old at the time makes this smear a total joke
Plus Obama is a Christian he frequently talks about his Christianity and has been a member of Chicago's Trinity United Church of Christ since the 80s
So while bashing Hillary for her alleged dirty tricks the right wing attack machine gets to use those
Same false rumors to smear Obama and they get to distance themselves from the trash talking and muttsling by putting the fingers
Wherely at Hillary now their Clintons announced their committee
I bet they'll be trotting this tactic out with increasing frequency
It didn't take long to the Republican spin machine to play the race guard in the blame game
Obviously they can't use the inward against Obama so they start with the M word and blame Hillary in the process
Just wait it won't take them long to accuse Obama of using the race card and then crediting Clinton with the attack
I don't know what the context will be but trust me. It's coming
The reality is that these smears are transparent make them look desperate is this the best they can do the good news is it shows
They're taking Obama's candidacy very seriously fast in your seat belts Obama's gonna be a bumpy ride
Right's curing Russell on the huffing them post gonna be a bumpy ride. He can handle it
He's the man tell you right now. All right. You know, huh? You don't believe me
No, I mean, I hope they they run him instead. I you know her listen to me. What
He the man
Love 150 two votes on the pool. We got a real shot at 1154 today by the end of the show. WDQ. I am hello
I
I
Already oh right in the middle of Nonsla. No, let's start interrupt your lunch. We'd art
Loretta at least is a different one. Oh anyway
560 at 05 60 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line
Don't forget we got the mad dog at two then the power hour then the Humper solo 5 to 7 the beast at the Bank United
Center they really needed that like a hole in head like a locking cup as they say in Finland
Now there's a place you want to go. It's pretty far. Hellsinki. Well, that is a pretty interesting city very unique
Yeah, beautiful people those finish
Mm-hmm. I just kind of stood in the streets and I looked around what mmm-hmm like that
Just like that WDQ. I am hello
WDQ. I am hello
Q. I. Am hello
Yeah, we're speaking of produce you know Joy yeah
WDQ. I am hello
Q. I. Am hello
Yes, yeah, Neil yes, what's it like for Luxemar I don't know what do we
I
Oh
Like I said all you people visiting South Florida who discovered us on a radio don't look at me
Don't look at me in fact. I don't even look at yourself because I've seen a lot of you trust me when I tell you
This is what you got. This is it. This is it. We have arrived.
And we have arrived at the absolute end of South Florida. It's done. It's Phinebae.
It's been in a Finland. It's finished. Here's line 9, which is always great.
QAM, hello.
You got a way to get a box. You got to be able to get a box.
So what do I want to do? You can make it just for a very short time.
WQAM, hello. Oh, wait a minute. Look at that little box.
I got it. Why you think it a box? WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
That's yours. No, I couldn't get a box.
Okay, go ahead. I'm glad to hear it. WQAM, hello. QAM.
Now, see, that's interesting because the arrow came on. It went out and line is still flashing again.
Like I never figured it out. Interesting. WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
The power of Christ.
Now, what'd you cut him off for? He's right in the middle of a good one.
I know.
Let me put these seven. I think we may be finished with the calls today. I'm not really sure.
I have to consult myself.
They have been. I don't know. In the first hour, did we have one or two real ones?
Or did we even try? I don't know. We did not.
It's another vision. Who?
I'm glad Chris remembers because I sure don't.
No, I'm trying to forget as fast as I possibly can.
But this is what, of course, everybody wants, including Johnny Joe, man, who called yesterday. I already told you that 1160 votes on the pool.
This is what they want. They're all expert programmers. In fact, they're probably having a program in conference right now with that pumpkin highly.
The one that does the limbo rock in Westland and the team room there under the bathroom stalls.
Or maybe he'll have some. In fact, they're probably having a program in conference right now with that pumpkin highly.
The one that does the limbo rock in Westland and the team room there under the bathroom stalls.
Or maybe he'll have some good ideas for them.
I got news for her for the other day. Parks couldn't hurt.
Oh, that's some of them. But nevertheless, I didn't really say that. Did I?
Huh?
When you say?
Oh, that's here.
That's here.
Here's the nominees, by the way, for the Academy Awards. Any interest?
No. Not really.
Not really. Because I didn't see any of these movies.
Didn't see one. Best picture, Babel and when Leo de Caprio and Will Smith are up for the best actor, that tells you it's all over.
There is no hope.
I agree.
Actress, Penelope Cruz for a Volvo, Judy Dench, notes on a scandal, Helen Mirren for the Queen,
Merrill Street for the Devilware's Prada, and Kate Wingslett for Little Children.
Little Chillens.
Best reporting actor, Almanac and Little Miss Sunshine, Jackie Rolaheli, Little Chillens,
D. Juman Hansu for Blood Diamond. Who's that?
Jumman Hansu. He's what?
I don't know.
Any Murphy for Dreamgirls and Mark Wahlberg for the Departed. Any Murphy is still alive. That's bad news.
Best reporting actress, Adriana Barazza for Babel.
Kate Blanchett, notes on a scandal, or she bugs me, or she is so meous. I don't know, she just...
And of course, I think the only movie I ever saw her in was The Tell that Mr. Ripley, before she was perfect for that rule.
A real meas kite.
Abigail Braseland, Little Miss Sunshine, Jennifer Hudson, Dreamgirls, and Rinku Kukuchi for Babel.
Best director, Alejandro Gonzalez, Ivitu, Eratu, in Ivitu, whatever that for Babel.
Martin Scostensi for the Departed. Clint Eastwood, Lotus for Me, Wajima. Steven Freer for The Queen, and Paul Greengrass for United 93.
And then Scott Ford, Language Film, and Butterbeek, Butterboop, Butterbop, Original Screen.
Animated feature film, and Paul Greengrass for United 93.
And then Scott Ford, Language Film, and Butterbeek, Butterboop, Butterbop, Original Screen.
Animated feature film, Cars, Happy Feeding, Monster House.
Okay. Well, there's a whole, but there's 80 million different categories, but I don't think we want to go there.
You know, some really good stuff. Not a good idea. Don't want to go there.
Girlfriend. It's like the phone. Don't want to go there, you know what I mean?
Don't apologize.
No, no chance.
It needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been to with the round days today.
Now, as a classic set of wheels fixed up, the way the brother would try to get it.
Now, we've been keen in timing, and the dream is cold, and it dies down to my seat.
I've got the candle, the quick cherry, yo.
No, baby.
I've been quite good on a cherry, cherished in the baby group.
No, baby.
Chinese middle building, middle city, the sea, the princess red chit.
Now, so I'm downstairs the road in a bit. That is super, now it.
Now, because it stopped the big deal, someday I'll get around and be to the graves.
I'm 1979, found bone cattle in a, so looking bad now, it's my baby, Cadillac.
Star baby, over the chronology, cherry in the baby group.
Star baby, Chinese middle building, middle city, the sea.
I've got a wave in those down, none on a hot summer day, because the hazy don't work no way.
The sweating, fresh weather, the seeds, thoughts, the smell, the ginseng, the dusting, the wind over time.
I'm a backseat new find, a shiny granite smell like dry, thanks my carpet, China, to the Soviet Washington, with on the road.
Star baby, over the chronology, cherry in the baby group.
Star baby, Michael Schoff at the news, roll in those asleep, up, sink, and swoop.
Star baby, fresh from the ordinary of the passage of the baby group.
Star baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
Come on three, I love it at 5.60 WQAM, happy Tuesday to you.
I might just take the monitor up here, the one that's got the phone thing on it, you know.
We just throw it out the window.
Ooh, take a picture.
Something to think about.
In fact, I'm going to reach over and show it off today.
Today is just yesterday we actually didn't have a few calls, remember that?
I mean, like real living and reading people, it just isn't in the cards today, okay?
It's just one of those things, and I'm not going to...
Is it a polygyzed?
No chance.
I'm not going to do that.
I mean, there's no point in beating a dead horse's head.
Everybody's a programming expert.
In the meantime, in the middle of a QAM disaster, I mean disaster in the a fall rating book.
We kicked some serious ass.
You know, I wouldn't have been such a disaster.
The numbers would have been really spectacular.
I mean, through the roof, and even the spite of that.
We're number one, dammit!
And it would seem to me that during the first fall months, I don't think I took very many phone calls.
Didn't most of that time I had the phone shut down most of it?
Most of the time.
Yeah.
So maybe there are certain people out there who are just in desperate need of...
Hi!
And John Biden!
And I'm not interested.
If that's what you want to do on your show, go right ahead.
Just of no interest to me.
It's boring.
It is a wonderous...
We could cart that up.
We could do what?
Cart those up and just drop them in periods.
That's true.
Just like that.
Huh?
When you say, uh huh?
Yeah.
Bill Gallagher who writes for the Niagara Falls reporter says,
sorry state of the Union won't be addressed in Bush's stupid speech.
Stupid is as stupid does.
He says, the state of the Union is sad and shattered.
After six years, the man who pedaled himself as a unitor has torn our nation apart and ripped us away from the international community.
President Bush has systematically alienated most of the world and inflamed unprecedented hostility toward the U.S.
both from traditional friends and from an increasing number of angry people in the nation's bushes invaded, insulted, isolated and ignored.
The state of the Union addresses always more political theater than substance, but we can usually extract a few telling nuggets from the speech and the interaction of the President, the members of Congress and the audience.
Then of course we must endure the ridiculous spinning from the assembled politicals and pundits.
Watching the first woman ever to resign at the event in the first Democrat in 12 years will be sweet, but how speaker Nancy Pelosi will have to endure an hour posed next to Vice President Dick Cheney.
Here's an important measurement. How many times will Big Dick state in somber and his Republican blue power suit give his puppet a beautiful standing ovation as the stylish Pelosi remains stoshily seated in her dynamically colored outfit?
The response of members of Congress to Bush's umpteenth promise to achieve victory in a rack will be revealing.
The disastrous war choice remains the critical issue of our times, the most damaging foreign policy blunder in U.S. history and the emblem of Bush's failed presidency.
The body language of presidential hopefuls listening to Bush's e-twines is untruths will be entertaining.
Senator John McKinny of Arizona will be jumping to the speed the most, trapping enthusiastically to impress Bush's base and showing his support for the most inept commander in chief ever to address Congress.
Hillary and Senator Barack Obama will get plenty of attention, other than welcoming Bush to two of the wise to sit on their derriers and hands throughout the entire speech.
Hate shaking and looks to score in this political help too.
The other would be Democratic presidential nominees, Joe Biden and Videlowar, Chris Dottakin, and John Kerry Massachusetts will strive for but certainly not get the attention to be heaped and clinton and Obama.
Senator, Joe Laptop, Lieberman, and Connecticut will be stalking the president to give him a warm hug and hope for another peck on the cheek.
Since Lieberman already spends most days publicly kissing Bush's ass, their Tuesday night intimacy should be understated.
Lieberman had the nerve to accuse critics of Bush's work of Iraq war policies of engaging in excessive partisanship and rancor.
We're supposed to forget that in the last election Bush claimed people voting to elect Democrats to Congress want the terrorists to win.
Lieberman, the sanctimonious hypocrite, never took issue with any of Bush's excessive partisanship then.
Here's one for you, Joe, including the rancor. The very sight of you in the sound of your whining voice makes me physically ill.
I second that emotion.
White House spokesman Tony Snowce has busheled depart from the typical city of the Union address and avoid the usual recitation of the traditional laundry list of administration proposals.
Instead, Snowce shares us, bubble-boy Bush hopes to connect with the American people on the challenges ahead.
In fact, our greatest challenge is that during two more years of Bush, there will be a relatively brief speech Snowce has in virtual focus on the major issues, including the war on terror, energy, healthcare, immigration, and education.
Bush has failed miserably on every one of those issues. You just ask yourself, are you better off? Question Ronald Reagan famously posed?
Is the state of our Union better today than was six years ago when Bush, the main, the man-five partisans on the Supreme Court selected to be president of the Oath of Office?
The only people who answered, yes, are the super-rich, the Supremely partisan, the uninformed, and those impervious to the truth.
The war in Iraq has fostered terror resistance from an entire new generation of young people growing up with the trauma of violence and war shaping their very existence.
Bush will certainly not mention that the United Nations reported more than 34,000 Iraqis were killed in 2006, such troubling statistics cut or stayed the Union in dress.
Bush has planned to send more troops into the bag that will only result in more Iraqi and American deaths and do nothing to pacify the nation thrusting the civil war as a result of the invasion and incompetent occupation.
The only hope is a political solution, Bush will never even consider that approach.
The Bush administration sees the pursuit of force as a faith rights time, Engelhart, who writes TomDispatch.com, a regular antidote to the mainstream media.
In a recent article titled The Look of War Against Islam, George Bush's crusading scorecard, Engelhart provides a skating analysis of the administration's continuing miscalculations and its insensitive to the realities in Iraq and the religious tones in the conflict.
Engelhart sees the surge bringing more death and destruction to bag that, home to nearly quarter of a max population, he predicts more suffering.
It's a formative for catastrophe and with a possible exception to the president of Vice President, a dwindling number of hangars on, like Julie Brimman in the Fox News Channel, the folks' kindie writes loves, the truth is that everyone in Washington in the world knows it.
Engelhart sees the shallowness and bluster in the Bush-e-Vic world view rooted military solutions and misceanic violence.
The essential doctrine of faith that ties all the disparate foreign policy acts of this administration together is the belief that to every global problem, through every difficult situation is by the single striking and uniform response, not the application of democracy but the application of force.
The terrorists hate us for our freedoms, Bush proclaims, as he cramples on the bill of rights at home, condones torturing and kidnapping, and operates the illegal gulag at Guantanamo Bay.
Bush, like no other president before, is assaulting our fundamental freedoms in the core values of our national virtue. He claims the powers of a monarch and seeks to undermine the state of our cherished liberties, all in the name of protecting us.
The Bush energy policy is simple, consume oil, seek more oil, and do nothing to pursue energy alternatives. He'll drop a few disingenuous lines about any art dependence on Middle Eastern oil, but never do anything to upset the Bush family in climate with the Saudi world family's interests, and their shared corporate sponsors, Haliburton, Exxon, Chevron, BP, and lots of others.
While the Presidians have shown how ethanol and agriculturally-based fuels work, Bush will again plead for defiling the Arctic for a short-term boost of domestic oil production, he'll say little of anything about energy in the environment.
Global warming is a liberal myth, something outgorn-painted the Bush vixen, the talk radio cheerleaders claim, pushed out of the U.S. from any responsibility reduced greenhouse gases when he gave the finger to the Kyoto Accords. He then honored the greatest government assault on science in Sylvesterkin, tried to sound scapernax as for referring the Earth was not the center of the universe.
Health care will get another market-driven solution that will never work nearly 50 million Americans have no health insurance and numbers growing.
Our systems of failure are costly bill-shuffling game, most benefiting the drug industry insurance companies, for profit hospitals and the Republican candidates' day sponsor.
We remain the only industrialized nation without a single payer system, a severe competitive disadvantage for American manufacturers and businesses.
The solution is simple, Bush goodards that every American received the same health insurance that he and members of Congress are entitled to, he never will.
Bush will give some lip service to immigration reform, but will use not of his greatly diminished political capital to do anything meaningful about it.
He still supports building a stupid fence along the Mexican border to humor Republican lawmakers.
Bush's education policies have a little more than a boom for private testing services and do nothing to address the needs of public education.
Americans still hide behind other industrialized nations in the quality of primary and high school education.
Ascent from Bush's list of major issues is fiscal responsibility and for good reason, he's drained the US Treasury borrowing money to cover tax threats that mainly benefit the richest 1%.
Bush has dramatically shifted the burden for the cost of government from the investor classes to the working classes and created unconscionable debt in the process.
He's put the nation on the track of a fiscal train wreck, Ben Bernecke, the chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, knows this gloomy reality Bush will never acknowledge.
He warned last week if early in meaningful action is not taken, the US economy could be seriously weakened.
The state where you are a union is in shambles for George W. Bush and the people who put him in office and continue to support him are responsible for this monumental mess.
Who writes Bill Gallagher a Peabody Award winner, former Niagara Falls City Councilman. That's Peabody.
There you go with a Peabody Massacre.
Mr. Peabody, was it Peabody or Peabody? You take your pick.
Whatever.
How are we doing on that poll? We got $1,200 yet?
$1,191. Pretty. We're right on the ass.
I got $1,194.
We're right on the ass and it's 11. When we come back from the break level, we're probably under votes on a poll.
1137 MySpace members. The phone thing is shut off. What's not to like?
That's right.
From and it's past noon at $5.60 W.Q.
And Chris said to me before the show today he said he wanted to thank me for being one of the few people on the year in this radio station and maybe the universe who doesn't need to be directed when it's time to take a break.
Told him.
I'm so moved, we're correct, sir.
And then I'm right. I got my log here. You know, I got my log.
My leg is ruined. His ability to work with anyone else.
Well, it's good. Maybe Maddie Bell come along, offer my job under his desk.
Our friends at Brandy shoes want to ask you is Brian Schmutz and Indian, of course the answer is,
you're absolutely. Schmendrick. Hey, Brian.
Is there anything you want to do about it?
Yeah, gun would be good.
And the Iraqis are becoming too dependent on the United States.
And therefore we will force a collapse of the Iraqi government and tear the country apart.
Let me be clear.
I blew up one of the holiest shrines in Xi'ezlong and a calculated effort to provoke Iraq's Xi'e population to retaliate.
The responsibility rests with me.
The strategy worked.
And the result was a vicious cycle of sectarian violence that continues today.
D'Sunni and Xi'e want to live together in peace.
And we will not allow them to reestablish it in Iraq.
From Afghanistan to Lebanon to the Palestinian territories.
Millions of ordinary people are sick of the violence and want a future of peace and opportunity for their children.
And it is unacceptable to me.
On Friday, Secretary Rice will leave for the region to topple moderate governments,
create chaos in the region, and use oil revenues to form death squads.
Fellow citizens, mass killings is the calling of our time.
Thank you and good night.
Oh yeah, and good night, Nurse.
1218 at 560 W.D.C.
Obviously we've got 12 other hosts on the pool. I haven't looked.
Let me take a puke.
1205 is what I got here right now.
1205 at 1218.
1207.
You have 1207 at 1218?
Well, hungry like that. Maybe we'll get 1219 at 1219.
That would really mean something.
Absolutely not.
Why don't you pay attention?
I almost started giving the numbers out again and I realized,
well, you know, keep them off the street.
Anyway, you can call. I'm not going to see the fire. I'm not going to take any.
I'm sure I'm not going to even see the thing ringing because I got that machine shut off, baby.
It's a dead machine right now.
You'll be calling into a dead piece.
See, I should stick with my guns.
I told you this many, many weeks ago.
Remember, I went through that whole wrap about, you know,
you have to keep up with whatever is happening.
Yeah.
And there are certain things that have run their course.
And that's one of them. That's just not part of the show anymore.
It's never going to be.
And you know, Joyce, consider around and write a bunch of stupid letters.
And basically, of course, that should have happened months and months ago.
And these people should all be in court sued like crazy right now.
But this company isn't going to do that.
I'm going to get a phone call from Smokey Joe yesterday saying he didn't want to call to congratulate me
about the ratings until those letters have been sent out.
That and 14 pounds of fried baloney are going to recover the same thing.
Okay.
Underline the baloney part.
Fried baloney.
So like I told you, I'm going to do the show the way I want to do the show.
How do you like that?
I want to help you pick you up.
You want me to watch the show.
That's right.
I'll tell what I know about it.
First in March, which is only a little over a month away,
will be 31 years I've been doing this God awful crap in this horse ball town.
And somehow I've managed to survive pretty damn well.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
What did I just say?
Exactly.
She knows.
She knows and she's a stranger.
I don't know her from Adam.
Okay.
And she's a stranger.
This is from common dreams.org.
Bush faces open revolt over failed Iraq policies.
It's revolting, baby.
Just like him.
Revolting.
And increasingly isolated president.
Bush heads into tonight's state of union speech facing mounting opposition to his failed Iraq war policies.
And escalating the effects in his own party.
Bush's decision to send more troops to Iraq brought increasing Republican opposition yesterday
as the Democratic Senate panel prepared tough questioning for the manor would carry out the plan as the new war commander.
With opinion pool showing Bush's approval rating at the lowest point for an American president since Richard Nixon resigned in disgrace in 74,
Bush faces a serious crisis of competence for all fronts.
White House sources tell Capitol Hill Blue that the president is visibly angered by increasing Republican opposition
to his Iraq war policies and that the West Wing operates today under a siege mentality.
Staff members say they were aware of eroding Republican political support for the president, but I'd that no one is willing to confront Bush on the issue.
The ship of state is sinking and the light votes are false as one senior staff member.
It's sinking and stinking.
On Capitol Hill, Lieutenant General David Pettraeus testifies today in a bid for a fourth star and commanded the Iraq war.
Pettraeus would replace the enemy George Casey who's been attacked to become the next Army Chief of Staff.
Pettraeus, a former division commander once ahead of the Iraqi training mission, is considered a shoo in for the position devoted early in the board to trying to win the hearts and minds of Iraqis.
Pettraeus later wrote the Pentagon manual how to tackle insurgencies.
He also previously supported expanding U.S. forces in the region, but Pettraeus will have a tough sell before the Senate Armed Services Committee, which must improve his nomination.
If he's going to back the president to send 21,500 troops and to estimate an addition, they estimate 130,000 already there.
Senator John Warner of Virginia and two other Republicans yesterday announced legislation denouncing the increase as House leadership tractor what they called strategic benchmarks for the war.
How much louder and how much clearer does the opposition to his plan need to be before the president will begin to listen and respond to the voices of the American people, the generals and a bipartisan majority of Congress, Senator Ted Kennedy, said a day before Bush was scheduled to give his annual state-of-the-union address.
Kennedy and other lawmakers on the Armed Services panel were expected to rise Pettraeus whether he thought they added troops would make a difference in Iraq.
Critics of the plan content ground commanders have been not been clamoring for more troops.
Warner, former Navy Secretary and Defense Hawk, who chaired the panel until this year, is likely to provide political cover for members worried the war plan, but reluctant to embarrass the GOP president.
His resolution back by Senator Susan Collins of Maine Norman Coleman and Minnesota and Ben Nelson in Nebraska would say the Senate disagrees with the plan to augment U.S. forces and if the president should consider options that would achieve strategic goals with fewer troops than sending another 21,500.
I feel ever so strongly that the American G.I. was not trained not sent over, certainly not by resolution of this institution, to be placed in the middle of a fight between the Sunni and the Shiite and the Wanton incomprehensible killing that's going on of this time where the total reporters on Monday.
Where's that Wanton as in soup? The Wanton killing baby, they're wanting it.
The resolution is similar to one offered last week by Chuck Hagel in Nebraska, Joe Biden, Carl Levin of Michigan, Biden's running for president Hagel's a potential candidate in 2008.
Since Bush announced his plan on January the 10th Congress has been deeply split in how to react, sending House Democratic leaders back the resolution drafted by Hagel Levin and Biden.
That measure will likely be voted on by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee tomorrow and sent to the floor where GOP leaders have had a filibuster.
While the various measures of varying amounts of support, none carries the way to the law that would bar the president's commander in chief from deploying military personnel as he sees fit.
Warner City believed his plan would offer broader appeal among Republicans than Hagel's proposal, while largely similar Warner's measure leaves open to possibility of bush sending small numbers of troops to certain areas such as Ann Bar province and avoids term some say our partisan.
It's a stronger message when it has significant bipartisan support. This resolution will really I think be a very strong message to the White House, Nelson said, but not every members willing to sign on.
It declares General Patreus new strategy of failure before it has a chance to be implemented, said redneck Senator Lindsey Graham with South Carolina, you know Lindsey Graham that you read again.
House Republican leader John Bader of Ohio City told the president support is still strong among Republicans, but there are a lot of members who are skeptical that the plan will work because of that said the Iraqi government will follow through on its commitments.
And what's really nauseating in one of the many many regions I won't watch one second of it is that every one of these states union speeches it's the same crap, you know.
Ladies and gentlemen, the president of the United States and here he comes through the big door and they're all standing in the big ovation and smiling.
They're all like shaking his hand and patting him on an ass and the usual crap, you know. Instead of booing and screaming and saying, you butcher, you murderer, you bloody lunatic, you maniac, resign right here tonight, please.
It's just a dog in pony show that's all it ever right and he'll stand up there and talk the usual BS and like Doug Thompson says he'll lie through his teeth and they're all the same crap.
And that's what you're stuck in it's like us. It's like the non-guetski crowd, the non-believers man.
The people with a half a brain and able to use it stuck in the middle of a world where all these crazy religions are busy killing each other and sometimes so of us and they get caught in the fallout wrong place, wrong time crap like that 1221 votes on the pool.
Can I vent just a minute I only got a minute before the break anyway? Go ahead.
I might have I vent for an hour on this. See I want to you know this is directed in its lunch hour maybe he's in the car listening maybe not.
And I could have told him this on the phone yesterday that I'm not looking for any confrontation I show up every day with the best end thing I can for them, you know.
And we made the bonus we're number one. Without any promotion, without any support, without any help from Joyce Vitch, corporate at any level in any possible way.
I have a real good idea with this business all about I've been in this business since I was 17 years old I'm 164 now okay I've been almost 50 years in this business almost 31 years in this market.
I have a real good idea of what I want this show to be who I want to talk to and the people I'm interested in talking to are not the people around the phone going chat and bow and these other mental retards okay.
If Joe Bell finds those people entertaining I suggest that he give them his cell phone number or maybe I'll give it out on the air and he can entertain them himself.
They add nothing to my life. They were determined to the show in the success of his program and I'm going to do the show the way I believe in doing it period.
What are you laughing about? Oh I saw something funny on TV. Yeah let's give them all his phone number and he could spend the rest of his life and the rest of his work days on his other station.
However many there might be talking to Sean Bob. I'm not a crowd you know.
I'm just gay. You know this is the same three people I don't need to do a show for those three people okay there's 80's in people at least well maybe not 80's in.
30 people out there right so listen and enjoy the show.
Who's going to get Ricky a hole? You might have noticed that Indianapolis Colts quarterback Payton Manning does a lot of commercials a lot of commercials.
In fact he doesn't seem to turn anyone down as a result. Here's Payton Manning for Metamusel AXatives.
It's okay friend they're not saying boo. They're saying Bolly Moons.
Oh you can do it.
Here's Payton Manning for Playboy.
Speak that me. Speak that me. What a set of phones.
And here's Payton Manning for Playgirl.
Pick out this month's Playgirl magazine especially if you're into I don't know six foot four quarterbacks with the laser rocket arm and buns of steel.
If you're into that maybe.
And finally here's Payton Manning for Biagra.
Don't go Johnny. You still got the best f***ing neighborhood.
Even though it's a little flasher right now.
Brother what can I say after that huh probably not what did you say huh oh yeah.
You said that.
From 32 28 to 1 a QA mad dog and two and then a Humper and a mad dog together that power hour didn't exactly you know.
It didn't power it swear to it it was okay.
And then Hank followed it up with it. I think he had the best sports hour didn't he between their five and six.
It's a three hour power hour next week.
What do we buy that?
That's what that Pomeranian before the.
Oh I always listen.
Yeah well you know it's gonna be three hours and over at I guess the media center.
What do you mean for the stupid bowl?
Yep.
Who cares about that? Oh that's right you do I forgot.
Well you were asking about it before what they were talking about what that caller was talking about.
I don't care what the caller was talking about. I don't care about the caller's period.
Anyway yeah three set no actually it wasn't pretty good goose up from a very week three to four hour two three three seven and a four o'clock.
I went in a four six that was the only time any of the sports hours had more than a four share.
In fact the three seven was the only time when I was pretty.
Pretty depressing as what it was but you continue well work on it.
You fix the parts of the day parts that need some fixing and working on okay Jersey smokey Joe whatever it is.
I think it's our plan tapes.
Yeah they're gonna start playing some of the tapes from games from 72 and 73 when it off is on the stupid bowl.
With Rick Weaver calling the game so start playing some of those tapes so everybody can live in the past.
This show doesn't need any assistance we need technical assistance which we don't get at all.
Oh no I forgot to mention that to me yesterday. Wait what's the use?
Cornish Telfen.
They replaced all the buttons remember at least the lights.
Here what about there?
No no here yeah.
Did they do that too?
It's like a Christmas tree.
What's on and what's off for the first time since I can't remember when.
I think it's gonna be a really good assumption for Jersey Joe or Smoky Joe or Wajali Wale Joe whatever we call him this week.
Schmendrick Joe to make was that we got some idea what we're doing here.
We don't need any tapes.
We don't need to be told to take any phone call.
That's not that we were told because he would never have the balls to tell me that.
But it doesn't need to be suggested that it's so much better the way you interact with the colors.
There aren't any colors. Don't you understand? There aren't any colors.
I mean I may be pretty stupid and emotional or queen in my old age and whatever else I am.
And I don't apologize for any of that.
Okay I am and you notice lately I've been just letting it all hang right out there.
I don't know anything.
Look at that.
Yeah let it hang out.
Look it back in.
Yeah trust me you won't see a thing.
Believe me.
Unless you got real good eyesight.
So I'm gonna like I said I said this weeks ago and everything was going along just fine.
And then I get the you know pressured indirectly pressured of this.
You know I allow myself to get suckered into that crap and there it is again the same swill.
If it was me I'd have look at Brotsev as we got all the addresses on those letters there.
I say have look at Brotsev as their homes and break their legs in their vocal cords.
Probably still wouldn't help you know what I mean.
I don't know.
I like that.
Don't call me home.
That's who we need.
Alistair Doerl I wonder if he's our kin to Alistair Schmuch.
Who says you ain't climate panel to project wrenching change.
Uh oh like I said it's a good thing I'm going to be dead pretty soon.
Because once on the floods come once Lake Ontario is up to the 85th floor of my building here.
Alistair Doerl says a you ain't climate panel will project wrenching disruptions to nature by 2100.
Oh we're all going to be dead by then.
That's 93 years away.
Do we have anybody on this going to be live in 93 years?
No.
In a report next week blaming human use of fossil fuels more clearly than ever for global warming scientific sources be saying.
A draft report based on work by 2500 scientists and do for release on February 2 in Paris draws on research
and greenhouse gases at their highest levels for 650,000 years fueling a warming likely to bring more droughts, floods and rising seas.
The report by the intergovernmental panel on climate change may have some good news however by Tony down chances of the biggest temperature and sea level rises projected
in the IPCC's previous 2001 study of the sources said.
But it will also revise up its lowest projections.
The main good news is that we have a clear idea of what were up against one source said.
The report will set the tone for work and extended UN's Kyoto Protocol, the main international plan for curbing global warming beyond 2012.
The IPCC says it is at least 90% sure that human activities led by burning fossil fuels are to blame for warming over the past 50 years, at least 90% sure.
The draft conclusion that the link is very likely would mark a strengthening from likely in the 2001 report a probability of 66 to 90%.
Quite often much of the debate is what level of certainty do we have around some of these phrases said Robert Watson, World Bank Chief Scientist who chair the previous 2001 report,
scientists and representatives of governments will meet in Paris from January 29 to review the draft and approve of text Watson to climate agreement of the 2007 conclusions.
But the sources said the new report is likely to foresee a rise in temperatures of 2 to 4.5 degrees Celsius that is 3.6 to 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit this century with about 3 Celsius 5.4 Fahrenheit most likely.
The 2001 report said temperatures could rise by 1.4 to 5.8 Celsius by 2100 but didn't say by which end of the range is most likely.
That's 2.5 to 10.4 degrees Fahrenheit. So instead of like 90 degrees in the shade it will be 100 degrees in the shade of the humidity of about 189.
You'll be shiftsin over there.
The IPCC would also narrow the 2001 forecast range of sea levels rise of 9 to 88 cm by 2100.
Bjorn Lombard, the Danish author of the skeptical environmentalist, said the IPCC would discredit the rhetoric of catastrophe that accused some governments of adopting.
Yes climate change is a problem but it's not this overarching civilization destroying thing that the rhetoric of today is telling us he said.
Even so, however the European Union says any temperature rise above 2 degrees Celsius 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit would cause dangerous change.
For instance with more heat waves like the one in Europe in 2003 that killed 35,000 people which you'll recall and I was actually there during the part of that time.
We were shiftsin baby. It was hotter than hell and believe me it's good practice for me because I'm going to be burning there a long time.
Even the minimum predicted shifts in climate for the 21st century are likely to be significant and disruptive.
The UN climate, the secretariat says of the 2001 projection of a minimum 1.4 Celsius rise. It says the top of the range would be catastrophic.
Temperatures have risen 0.6 degrees Celsius that's 1.1 degree Fahrenheit since 1900 and the 10 warmest years since records began in the 1850s have been since 1994.
The world has warmed about 5 Celsius 90 degrees Fahrenheit since the last ice age.
We're melting over here you got it. I get a good rubber raft keep that one and I you know a lot of people have used the rubber raft.
I say mine. Good. Good think of the garage.
Benjamin Santira climate scientist at the US Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory said research in last decade has expanded from studying service temperatures to everything from ocean heat content to glacial retreat.
He says the system is telling us an internally consistent story. You can't explain the observed changes in the climate system over the second half of the 20th century by invoking natural causes.
He said he did not know the IPCC view.
We're switching over here baby. I give me a good air condition is what I do or get find somebody who with a fan you know.
Not electric fan I'm talking about somebody who will fan you fight a good fan. I got some fans out there.
They'll fan you. I don't know if my fans will fan me but I got some fans out there. I got some people actually you know actually say not real nice things about me but just you know you're okay.
You're never still afraid. There you go. I take that. It is most amusing. Well you know there are people that they don't want to be carried away.
With me I go overboard. I'm an old fart now. I go overboard with people. You know I kissy kissy kissy with people I like.
And then the return is always like you're not you're okay.
Okay. Well listen what am I supposed to expect? Do I expect like you know that's all I expect. I'm pleased with whatever I can get.
Like a smile or a smirk. Like you're okay. And then they run like hell. 1242 votes on the poll.
And with all those choices on the poll hurry to twice we can be out of here by two.
And then the finalize pot in Florida. Absolutely.
Cheers.
Oh right.
Oh like.
Oh the hard bird.
Don't go don't go every time I see.
I will go.
Ready.
Don't go go go.
That green card it dimwitch.
Don't go don't go.
Oh.
Oh.
He's president of the ****.
Republicant muscle and in our team and in India.
I don't know why they want this.
Y'all have a nice.
First president for years.
With president of ****.
Oh.
What I get to vote once more.
And get to we all voted more.
If you want this.
Don't come down.
It's drumming stupidly.
Don't come down.
I'm this drunk in which kid.
Don't come down.
He's even.
No more than me.
He's president of ****.
Yeah don't care what it took.
You got a man by hooker and roll the Christian.
Oh I know what's best for you and I.
But I have no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president of ****.
President of ****.
1246.
We got the triple power hour next week.
I just heard that from other.
You know, triple power hour.
Three to six.
What's that?
I mean.
Is that to be like a super role?
Is that what that's all about?
Correct.
I see.
Well that's something.
Okay.
It's a little something.
Not a big stimulus but it's all something.
In other words, it's like it's like who wants to be a millionaire.
If it was good once a week, let's put it on 85 million times a week.
It's really good.
Nice going, Joe.
252 votes on a pool.
We got a shot at the, I don't know, 1300.
Other than that, everyone.
I beg your pardon.
And then it will be number one.
Yeah, if we can get 1300 votes on a pool today, I guarantee you.
We're number one.
And if we only get 1254, we're still number one.
See there, I mean, over the years knock on wood.
Over almost 31 years, I've had a lot of real great rating success in this market.
And you know, there's certain ones that you're more proud of than others.
And we've had a lot higher numbers on the station than we had in this last fall book.
But when you consider the context of what we got, you know what I'm saying?
Right?
I think it's pretty dang good.
We've done dang good.
So miracle is what it is.
In fact, in that December month when everybody else got,
when there were day parts that had a 0.3, a 0.3, what is that?
That's not even up to shake the transmitter for crying out loud.
That's not enough vibration from the final tubes in the transmitter to even kill those dead rats in there.
Maybe that's what you smell.
Where is the transmitter, by the way?
South by the, where is it?
I don't know out of an island somewhere.
Is it really?
Must I hurt?
Hopefully they are engineering departments out there too,
because they sure as hard in the building doing any work for us.
Are you renting that?
They are puffing up.
They are an embarrassment and they're degrading and humiliating.
Should see how bright these light bulbs are.
Yeah, the light bulbs they got.
In fact, that's where they would have been good at the light bulb.
1400 there would normally can't enjoy Kaufman in that crowd.
And Mr. Ego with his peppercorn shosh and his Parmesan cheese.
What a market man, what an absolute, it's just, you know, money is good though, I'll take it.
Other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now, my property insurance company 332.
The oil company is 188.
My health insurance company 127.
My employer or boss 100.
Well, what's, I don't understand, what's the difference between my employer slash boss?
I guess employer implies company and boss is this specific individual.
In Schmuck?
Yeah.
I see, like Joyce who we work for.
The media 62, my power company, FPL 55, my spouse 50.
I hate this pull 46, 3.6%.
My credit card company 42.
My homeowners and or condo association 41, 41.
What are you saying?
You heard me.
Cut the crap, 41.
There is no excuse for that.
Okay, sorry.
Well, I'm old.
My drug dealer 38.
The drug company is 35.
My ex-fouse and a partner, how many is that guy?
About 30, man.
My ex-fouse, my ex.
Flags.
My cable satellite dish provider 25.
My girlfriend or boyfriend 20.
My internet service provider 19.
My bank 16.
My kids 13.
My doctor 6.
Hello, doctor.
My realtor 5.
I'm sure that there's some real doctors in Florida.
I haven't encountered too many of them.
My preacher Rabbi, cleric, Getski, whatever 5.
And still my stockbroker, Solomente Uno.
Well, that's good.
Let's hit up the audience for some money.
There must be making some real cash.
All right.
On a 254 votes.
So we got the 1254 we wanted.
And like I said, you know what that means?
Beyond a shadow of a doubt with 1254.
Here's number one, Jimmy.
Now, how's that QM.com thing that's coming along?
That Josh is working so hard on.
Oh, I hear the problems for it.
That's not an answer.
That's all I know about it.
That's it.
I've heard promos.
Well, I know he's working feverishly.
Make that thing the promos say.
The little class website.
The promos say that it's great.
You know, the promos say the station is great too.
Agents find cocaine and broccoli load.
See, I bet you're going to start eating broccoli now.
Is that the only one that eats broccoli?
I hate broccoli.
Why do you say that?
Because it's nasty.
It's not.
He eats it.
He eats it.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It looks like it's not.
No, actually, broccoli parmesan.
Oh, what?
Broccoli.
As a matter of fact, what do they have at Ruth's Christy?
They have broccoli all rotten, man.
I'll grotten.
You know, you can either get broccoli or the spinach all rotten.
Mmm.
Make sure you're downwind immediately.
I'll take that even before that young guy at the woodbine the other day.
I still can't get over the fact that I said that on here.
It's just, you make a little of it because you're, you know,
I think you're even worse pervert than I am, which I didn't think was possible.
What?
Right.
Okay.
Look, we think stuff all day long us, men.
Yes.
You know, so you're gay, so you think, you know, in another way, but if you've ever thought
of reaching back and put my hands up somebody's leg and grabbing their goods, man, it's just
not good.
Well, maybe it would have been great.
Maybe he might have enjoyed it.
He said, hey, get lost, bitch.
What I was thinking about doing to that girl at Best Buy on Sunday.
Oh, so I don't feel so bad now.
Oh, man.
It was all brawler stay in South Florida on Sunday.
This was a really hot couple.
Let me tell you that right now.
I was just going to give up my machine, man, and say, okay, well, let's, and anyway, let's
get off of that because that's really embarrassing and humiliating.
And like I said, I'm going to let it all hang out right now.
Who cares?
Who cares at this point in my life?
Border agents found more than 1,200 pounds of cocaine valued at $40 million hidden in
the floor of a truck full of broccoli.
U.S. customs and border protection, say the yesterday in far Texas, P-H-A-R-R.
Far.
The seizure happened early Sunday afternoon of the far international bridge.
Customs officers using an X-ray scan on a tractor trailer company from Mexico noticed odd
shapes in the floor of the trailer.
A drug-stiffing drug alerted the set in our car.
It's the officers found a secret compartment carrying 500 brick-like packages of cocaine.
The driver, 3070-ruled Rio Bravo, Mexico, 3070-ruled from Rio Bravo, Mexico.
I thought that's an interesting name.
It was not charged, but the tractor and trailer were seized and investigated in investigation
by immigration's law was ongoing.
Who wasn't charged with anything?
I think it's normal to have a whole bunch like a 200 pounds of coke under the floor of broccoli.
Why not?
And the taste better, that's for sure.
The dog sniffed it out, went and doubted sniffed it out.
Oh, first it was tiny, now it's charged.
You know, it's really sad it's enough to make you want to sit on the floor and put your
head in your hands and cry.
How weak your calls are.
And that's because look where they're coming from.
I'm not saying that if we were in Peduca, Kentucky, or in Ishtba, Michigan, the calls would
be any better.
But South Florida is notorious, and in addition to which in the middle of the day time, being the
unfriendly place it is, we're not just going to have people who are friendly, like me or the
show in Calden and Shmuz, because you know, people, normal people, real people have a life
in the middle of the day.
They're working there in school, they're busy, they're getting there, shlavy waxed, whatever they're doing.
And so it's just, I'm not saying, because I remember one day I sat down here, I said,
I'm never taking another call, remember that?
I do either.
And that was the correct assumption to make.
And then of course, being weak, being an emotional old queen, you know, you ought to give it a shot,
pop a bicep, entertainment, and the audience, those of you who love it, like I said, we'll give you
our numbers to those three or four guys.
How's that?
Oh yeah.
And that's not like a weiner.
They could have like, what were those old, the party line things?
Remember these to run ads for it?
Right.
And everybody could get on the same phone line and they're like, oh, I better not.
Yeah.
Well, since all this instant messaging is going on, we'll let them get on there to I am.
They can do the aim, they can do the Yahoo instant messenger.
They can all get on there together and have like a little circle party.
You know, when you type high, it just doesn't have the same, it doesn't have the ring to it.
You know, although they do have the things, they were in fact one of my buddies on there a few days ago,
I told you, got the microphone and we were going to do it on a show playing all my sounders back to me.
You're a real groupie, Brandon, I'll tell you, he's okay, he's good, good people.
And then they can entertain themselves.
They can all get their little $10 microphones and radio shack and they can get on there and shack up together
and their little, in fact, they can also get on there with shack.
How's that?
That's right.
Me shack to bed we go.
I don't think so.
Oh, scary thought.
Probably for him too, I'm sure.
From 186 votes on the pool, we got 13 left and let's see if it's not even one o'clock yet.
I bet you anything.
I'll bet you Joyce's life on it that by one o'clock we got 13 in votes.
And I'll bet you her life on it again that by two o'clock we got 4 million votes.
The biggest name on the rack of choice, this is on it.
This is not a tumor, it's the one to two hour.
Looking for love in a divisive way with somebody's picture stolen from my space
flowing words out of my ass on a fake profile
trolling online, trolling online, trolling online, trolling online
I could be good looking or a bad hairy age by your gay or maybe your strength
look at all my dull little friends that I've got so far
trolling online, trolling online, trolling online, online
Oh, first time, everybody lives online
You're going to find the pain we got to have no life
Pulling online, pulling online, pulling online
Pulling online, I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely
Even though I may be incredibly homely
You never know it's my reason for nothing but lies
trolling online, trolling online, trolling online
I could be good looking or a bad hairy age by your gay or maybe your strength
look at all my dull little friends that I've got so far
trolling online, trolling online, trolling online
I don't know what I said, I don't know, I don't believe you
I'm not interested in stuff, it doesn't make sense
That's Bloney
It's 1101, don't say that 1101, hot baloney, fry it up
I might just try that, I don't know
It'll curl up so you've got to flip it routinely
And the baloney too?
Right, flip your baloney folks
It's 1101, we got to the mad dog or two
Just a one hour power out today but boy next week, wow, wake it up at that schedule
I'm going to just put it on the wall, nail it up there, lick it, and mirror it
Reverend Moon's anti-Obama-adjid prop writes Robert Perry on a smirking chimp
If you've wondered how, ever wondered how anjid prop again works
You might take a look at the latest case study from Reverend Sun Young Moon's Media Empire
A bobe story about Barack Obama attending a Muslim madrasa where he was six years old
A smirror that was then attributed to operatives of Hillary Clinton
The shrewdness of Moon's inside magazine stories that had hit two enemies with one anonymously sourced stone
A strategy of slime and divide straight from the textbooks of a spyage and see like the CIA
Only in this case it's not the CIA planning black propaganda in a foreign publication what reminds the US enemy
Its Moon using his media outlets subsidized by his mysterious foreign money to manipulate and distort the West political process again
The insight of the dross' story also turned out to be false
As CNN reported on January 22, the Indonesian school at Obama attended as a child was not a madrasa where sometimes extreme forms of Islam are taught
But rather a well-kept public school in an operable class neighborhood of Jakarta
The boys and girls were a school uniform and they're taught a typical school curriculum today as they were 39 years ago when Obama was a student there
While living with his mother in Indonesia reported CNN correspondent John Bous who's had prior experience covering wheel madrasas
While most of the school students are Muslim, Indonesia's a Muslim country actor all, Bous reported that the religious views of other students are respected and that Christian children at the school are taught that Jesus is the son of God
The son of...
Damn God!
Nevertheless the nasty inside story is sure to hurt Obama by pushing anti-Islamic hot buns of many Americans by setting Clinton operatives as the supposed source of the story
Moon's publication also played at the negative image of New York Senator as a ruthless politician who would sling mud in an opponent
Moon's media empire has planted similar stories in other US presidential campaigns publishing false or exaggerated stories that disparage democratic candidates and help Moon's political favorites especially in the Bush family
That's where the Bush family ought to be on the Moon
In fact, I got a message from me to the entire Bush family
You know what it is?
I do.
That's what you know it.
Cockamoon
In election 1988, Moon's Washington Times floated the story that Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis had psychiatric treatment, harming George River Walker's Bush's democratic opponent
In election 1992, it abandoned an accusation that Arkansas governor Bill Clinton had worked for the KGB again eating the senior George Bush
In election 2000, when George W. Bush was seeking the White House, the Times pushed allegations that Vice President Groh was delusional
In election 2004 to boost the younger George Bush again, it trumpeted attacks on Senator John Kerry's patriotism
Once Moon's media empire surfaced these accusations, they would reverberate through the right-wing echo chamber and often into the mainstream press
Usually the charges spotlighted a purported flaw so severe such as mental instability or treason that the Democrat will be disqualified in the eyes of many voters
Also since it's difficult to prove a negative mainstream news outlet, it often would treat the charges as a pun legitimate dispute, forcing the Democrat to wish a denial or refuse to comment
Sometimes TV punits would add insult to the injury by critiquing how poorly the Spirit Democrats counter the attack
Moon's long record of engaging in this agit propaganda helps explain his value to the right and especially to the Bush family
In turn, the Republicans have protected Moon from government investigations into his questionable sources of money which finance both his media empire and his allied right-wing political organizations
The Korean cult leaders spent more than $100 million a year just to subsidize his flagship newspaper, The Washington Times, according to a former Moon insider
Long time Washington Times reporter George Archibald recently put Moon's total investment in the newspaper over $3 billion since its founding in 1982
Though Moon's finances remain murky, the evidence is overwhelming that he engages in international money-laudering and has been closely tied to major crime syndicates in Asia and in South America
The latest attack at Obama has framed as a heartfelt desire to test out the credibility of the 45-year-old Illinois Senator who identifies himself as a Christian and belongs to a church in Chicago
But inside magazine, citing supposed opposition research from the Clinton cap, contender that Obama actually was raised as a Muslim and is trying to keep that a secret from your American people
He was a Muslim but he concealed the source supposedly close to the background of investigation told insight. The idea is to show Obama as the sector
Insight uses no name sources in the article nor did the magazine check out the facts about the school as he and ended
The article simply relies on its unnamed sources to claim that Obama was indoctrinated in a madrasa, a school for religious studies where voices sometimes taught Islamic extremism such as Saudi-based Wahhabism
Although their background check is not confirmed that the specific madrasa Mr. Obama attended was espousing Wahhabism, the sources said his democratic opponents believed this to be the case and are seeking to prove it inside magazine claimed
Insight then said the sources said the opponents are searching for evidence that Mr. Obama is still a Muslim or has ties to Islam
Mr. Obama attends services at Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago Southside, however he's not known to be a regular parishioner
More all the good in my eyes.
After Moon's magazine published a madrasa story, it quickly spread to the wider audience as the Rupert Murdoch's right-wing media outlets, Fox News and New York post both owned by Murdoch picked up and further disseminated the other stories that portrayed Obama as a secret Islamic militant and Clinton as a smear artist.
To further the subliminal link between Obama and Islamic terrorism, the post-rated surrender of the headline, Osama mud flies at Obama, much as Tuftsha of Host Rush Limbaugh has reveled in repeating the names Osama Obama,
again and again, all the better for his weak-minded listeners to connect Obama with Osama bin Laden.
What are his poppin' a couple?
There between.
Many right-wing pundits also have insisted on using Obama's middle name Hussein, Hussein, apparently to disqualify Obama by associating him with Saddam Hussein, though there's no connection, Hussein is a common and respected name in the Muslim world.
Obama received his middle name from his father who came from Kenya as a student, Kenya believe it, Obama's mother was the daughter of a Kansas farmer.
As the Obama-Madras article spread through the right-wing media world, Fox News made sure the story was put in the harshest possible light, Hubsay and Dread at Fox News, as they say in Norway.
And then what they say, Hubsay and Dread?
Hillary Clinton reported to be already digging up the dirt on Barack Obama said John Gibson, author of Fox's The Big Story.
The New York Senator reportedly is out of Obama's Madras of past.
That's right, the Clinton team reported to have pulled on all the stops to reveal something Obama would rather he did not know that he was educated in a Muslim-Madrasa.
For Obama's party wrote in his autobiography that after he had attended a Catholic school for two years, his Indonesian stepfather sent him into a predominantly Muslim school in Jakarta when he was six.
This inconsequential fact apparently became the basis for Insights claim that Obama was indoctrinated in Madrasa.
The allegations are completely false about that.
Obama's spokesman Robert Gibbs told Washington Post that published this sort of a trash without any documentation is surprising, but for Fox to repeat something so false, not once but many times, is appalling the irresponsible.
Clinton's spokesman Howard Wilson termed the Insight article an obvious right-wing hit job by a mooney publication that was designed to attack Clinton and Obama at the same time.
But the troubling backstory to this latest smear is the long history of moons publications injecting damaging propaganda against democratic politicians in ways meant to confuse American voters.
Viewed over the past quarter century, Moons Media Empire has the distinct appearance of a well-designed covert operation that uses foreign money, possibly from illicit sources to influence the US political process in ways beneficial to Moons political and financial goals.
Like they said, it's Cox's horse, you know, Reverend Moons.
More than religious fakery, maybe Snake, Orland, fakery. That's what the public loves. They just love it. They eat it up.
How are we doing on the poll now?
1285. We got 1,300 made in the shade.
Isn't that great? Get out the lemonade.
All right. I'll start squeezing.
There's that line. He's Susan Collins now.
Two times. He had to be in me.
Oh, what are we talking about? We got religious crazy people. We got politicians or nothing but a bunch of wimpy crooks.
I say everybody go out and have a good time in joy life. That's my suggestion. That's my tip. Get laid a lot. Enjoy life. Do no harm and screw everybody.
And don't listen to anything that Joe Bell tells you.
Just remember I told you that today, both of you go past him. Not listen to anything you tell us. Got you.
I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but I'll leave it up to you to say that.
Yeah!
Today's show is filled with lots of fun ideas.
Martha, can you show us what you're going to prepare for Super Bowl Sunday?
Hats. Really?
I think she'd taste the mist so delicious.
You're really going to make cash.
Oh, yeah. Really? So I'm going to just fold it in half this way.
Ah, this one's still alive. You're going to have to knock it out.
That's easy to do.
Persons really change you, Martha. For the better, I mean. Now cut off the ends.
Ooh! And we're going to bake this.
Uh-huh. And the oven is turned to 375 degrees.
Martha, it's not that jacked.
I get my tricks from baking past.
Yeah. You look pretty today, Martha. That knife matches your eyes.
Get me out of the stage, yeah? And enjoy this celebration.
What the hell is this that I'm watching here on CNN? Who is that?
That. That. That. That.
I think it's wrong that you're getting all new episodes of The Real World Denver Wednesdays at 10 only on CNN.
I'm watching a documentary.
How am I asking for a favorite to show in the world now?
You're getting a real world can be interesting, depending on who...
What kind of a couple of dikes in the Hattab there when they come down each other's throat?
I'm going to watch it then.
There was a long guy there that looked so interesting. I just about jumped through my little TV here,
through my little citizen's TV.
Mm-hmm. Don't be talking that way again.
That sounds like a real old pervert.
That would be really bad.
Oh, brother. Like I said, oh God, that's good.
Cricket captain called this pants down, speaking of perversion.
Sydney, I bought this wasn't perversion.
It was like that story I told you about Derwood Car and my PD and Albion Michigan a zid in years ago.
What year would that have been? That was 1965.
Woo!
42 years ago, God are you old?
65.
Albion Michigan.
It was a big old house like out in the hinterlands there and outside...
I don't know how big Albion is and not that many people there, but like out in the middle of nowhere.
Just a big old house and the radio station was in the big old house and the tower sat in the back, you know?
What a great idea.
Yeah, how unusual.
Just like that big tower KT over there on a bay road.
On bay road.
Turns out, micro-carc celebration for number four to number three in Australia and cricket lineup will be the butt of jokes for years to come.
Back to them.
Australian capy Ricky Panting, surprisingly sent Clark into bed at number three against New Zealand on Sunday.
Commentators wondered whether Panting was trying to give Clark 25 more experience at the top of the order before World Cup in the Caribbean and March and April.
Oh, did I tell you I was a World Cup in Berlin last summer?
Mm, but I didn't go to know soccer matches.
I let my friends go there, I felt.
But teammate Mike Hussey said Monday that Panting was meant to bat in his normal spot at the fall of the first wicket, but was called with his pants down.
The first wicket.
That's why they call it cricket.
It was a quick toilet break and he couldn't get his gear back on quickly enough, because he said it was a bit of an unfortunate situation.
I don't want to go into it too deeply. He said I think you can ask him about it.
You want to go into deeply.
Panting made just five runs batting in the unacousted position at number four.
Clark 75 and Hussey's unbeaten 65 at number six got Australia to a two wicket win and Sundays won the International of the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Scoring a 224 to 8 in reply to New Zealand's 218.
I don't have any idea.
All right, all of it Australian and British sportsman, they can have it.
Australia is qualified for next month's Best of Three Final Series with four wins and four matches.
And the big cricket match.
Do you ever watch that?
I don't know where they got those spots.
I guess it's like their version of baseball and they have those stiff and bats.
They look like a croquet and baseball combination.
Yeah, and they belt that little ball and it goes away out there and they run and after it and they're running around the wickets.
Very silly.
I think they've been more time spanking each other with those cricket bats than anything else.
There's spanking something.
I'll tell you that.
What about Buddy Holly and the crickets?
Remember that?
That'll do today.
All 99, the next book gets us to 1300 on the pool.
Let me tell you that right now.
That is a real.
In fact, remember what Chris said before and he knows he's the radio maven now.
He's the expert.
He said if we get to 1300.
We're number one.
Take your heart out.
Sid the kid Rosencrawl crans the scene over there across the street.
This is what really cracks me up about this market is that there are people on the air who consider themselves like real broadcasters.
Who really believe that they're part of the industry as we once knew it.
I mean, it's just comical.
It's idiotic.
And of course we got some of them on the year too.
I don't want to, you know, right.
There's a management types that agree with that.
Right.
I was especially if they're talking about sport.
Oh, yeah.
That's all that's all you got to do.
I'm now on any of these two stations, man.
I'll sit across the street.
There you go.
Those are the kind of people.
Oh, he's a broadcaster.
He's a broadcaster.
It makes a lot of sense to me.
Right.
But you know something like I said, the money is great.
What am I getting all worked up about again today here?
Details emerge about a possible terror threat.
Oh, we don't want to get you nervous or anything like that.
Because that would be bad.
But mimicking the hijackers who executed the 9-11 attacks,
Insurgents reportedly tied a well-cut interact,
were actually considered using student visas to slip terrorists into the U.S. to orchestrate
a new attack on American soil.
Lieutenant General Michael D. Maples, head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, I wonder
if he's going to any maple.
Recently testified that documents captured by the coalition forces during a rate of a
safe house believed to be a house, a Rocky members of, believed to house a Rocky members
of Alcatas six months ago, believed that Alcatta and Iraq was planning terrorist operations
in the U.S.A. at the time, Maples offered little additional insight into the possible
terror plot.
ABC News, however, has learned new details about what remains a classified incident that's
been dealt with at the highest levels of government.
Sources tell ABC News that the plot may have involved moving between 10 and 20 suspects,
believed to be affiliated with Alcatta and Iraq into the U.S. with student visas, the
same method used by the 19 Alcatta terrorists who struck American targets on 9-11.
U.S. officials now require universities to closely track foreign nationals who use student
visas to study in the U.S.
University officials must be for international students who fail to arrive on campus or
miss class regularly.
In August, the FBI and U.S. immigration and customs enforcement alerted intelligence
agencies and state and local law enforcement about 11 Egyptian students who have failed
to report to their classes at Montana State University, the students were ultimately apprehended.
Thanks God.
Say a bruh for that.
Still, though, write the heightened precautions, some security in the aimless fear that skilled
terrorists handpicked because of their clean records and because they're carefully trained,
could still slip in through an academic setting.
Oh my God.
The plot was discovered six months ago.
Roughly the same time that Abu Mishab al-Zarqawi, leader of Alcatta and Iraq, was killed
by coalition forces.
Sources tell ABC News that the suspects involved in the effort launched U.S. attack were closely
associated with Zarqawi.
The plan also came only months after I'm in the Pymon al-Zawahi, the Alcatta's number
two, had requested that Zarqawi attempt an attack inside the U.S.
A.
This appears to be the first hard evidence that Alcatta and Iraq was trying to attack us
here at home, said ABC News consultant Richard Clark, former chief counter-terrorism
adviser on U.S. security council.
The plan was uncovered in early stages and sources said there's no indication that the
suspects made it into the U.S. officials also emphasized that there's no evidence of an
imminent attack.
No reason to panic, okay?
Don't get it.
Don't let's get started with that again.
By the way, if you noticed that we, I guess we're all done with that.
Red light, green light, the yellow light on our crap.
Oh yeah.
Come on.
Let's get some lights going, baby.
They just like Tannuk all over again.
The hunt for a suspect continues high ever in some period that Alcatta recruits in a record
could easily be redirected.
Anyone willing to go to Iraq to fight American troops is probably willing to try to come to
the U.S.
Clark said.
Just let him.
Just let him give it a shot, huh?
Let's see what this crap is.
You fact me here.
Oh, this is not even from you.
No, you didn't fact me anything.
No, it's from my financial, baby, okay?
Oh, good.
It is good.
Good stuff.
He's good, good people.
I know complaints.
Doing just fine.
Just fine.
I got a couple of bucks put away.
Okay?
So let's talk about Neil's world for a couple of minutes.
You should hold auditions.
Yeah.
A little singing, a little dancing.
I got news for her.
I was telling a friend of mine here the other night.
I said, I'm going to do whatever the hell I want to do.
How's that?
I don't need any advice.
Great idea.
I don't need anybody to tell me who I care about, who I'm.
I'm going to do whatever the hell I want to do.
I'm not going to ask anybody's permission.
I'm just going to do it.
And when I croak, oh, surprise.
Here's a 50 bucks or whatever.
You know, maybe you'll get an envelope.
Maybe Chris will get an envelope or nothing in it, but an envelope.
Other than the government, this is our poll today.
We got 1,303 votes, not too bad for an old fart, who I shut that phone down for a indeterminate amount of time.
Maybe the rest of these two years, I don't know.
Just listen.
Remember what I told you?
Remember that I told you it's January 23, 2007.
And we're going to do the show the way we see it.
That's it.
And clearly, although when you're on, of course, you want to take all those great calls.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you will.
I will.
So they can wait for you.
There you go.
Build up all that.
Save it.
That's right.
Keep it up for 1306.
Other than the government, who is effing you the hardest right now, my property insurance company, 344.
The oil company is $195.
My health insurance company, 134.
My employer's life boss, 102.
The media, 64.
My power company, Florida, flooded with loot 58.
And that was definitely a setup call.
I go, oh, I love Appian now.
I've only been lost the power six day.
All right.
Go to Hell, man.
You must live at the power plant.
Yeah.
Now he's got his head up somebody's ass who works for Appian now.
My spouse, 53.
I hate this pull 47.
I'm here, 3.5%.
See, the people who aren't the callers, they're okay.
They're the good folks.
My credit card company, 45.
My homeowners, Andrew O'Connor, Association 43.
The drug company is 40.
My drug dealer, 36.
My ex-boss, slash partner, whatever, 32.
My cable satellite dish provider, 26.
My girlfriend, a boyfriend, 20.
Where's that girlfriend?
My internet service provider, 20.
My bank, 16.
My kids, 14.
My doctor, 6.
My realtor, 5.
My preacher, rabbi, uh, Schmendrick, 5.
And my stockpile was still sold out to Uno.
13 Edward and 6 votes on the pool.
Well, once we got to 13, then we crossed the bridge.
13.08.
They're coming in like in little chunks now.
In little tiny chunks.
I'm going to try that fried baloney.
All right.
Because I think it was most appropriate that you started.
I don't know how we get on the floor.
Well, you were talking about liking baloney.
And I'm not, I want of it, unless it's fried, then it's okay.
Now how about, oh, this, this will really get you going.
How about fried baloney with a slice of crust cheese on it?
Well, you could put some good cheese on it.
It would be better.
And as opposed to that craft cheese product,
I might have like a little bit of cheese in it.
Boredon has tried processed cheese.
It's much better.
Okay, I'm going to go on and buy some Boredon with LC de Moucao on it.
Or, if it's fried, it's going to be good.
I'm going to see if the wheels are my blown.
Our David's a bitch.
The
Open up the refrigerator.
The refrigerator.
Gonna make a sandwich from my even loner.
But you can let it into me, so we did a chips.
You can cut a hungry four rice.
The roll out of bread.
So, let it be the pie.
A loaf of rice.
I can give enough of that pro.
For loner, Scott, for love and chops.
Terrify.
And the Moucao guy tore to seven up.
Poglocross.
Boy, I got enough of this.
I, I, I, I, I.
I, I, I, I.
Mama, mama, mama, mama.
Roller.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Roller.
Roller.
Root.
Root.
Root.
Root.
Root.
the road out
Right whatever that means I haven't got any idea what I haven't played it in a long time well it's my
Baloney
Baloney you ain't nobody who says balona no
They have to say you say you have been in Balonia
Say no tell where they they were doing construction out there in the street was that the construction was going on
Morning noon and night so loud that made your eardrums just about burst
Well, there's my buddy Rob Marcello there on CNN do the weather from a distance. He looks pretty good up close
I don't know and I don't think I want to know all those rumors about Rob Marcello
See this is the one thing like you always say why do people get excited about this one?
That one cuz they're on television dumb like yeah like what's his name mr. Jensen told Howard Biel
Mm-hmm cuz you're on television dummy?
Why me?
See at least at least with Georgia got one person out there who a understands the movie be liked it
And you know
So tried to try to convince people what a great click that is I well what's the convince?
I mean it just is you know it's like it's like a rocky road ice cream
I got to admit it's people the first time I saw it when I was really young it kind of went over my head
Yeah, you know a lot of things that is that what you're saying it went over Chris and saying also went over
Josh Cordes and said well, it's kind of hard to know it's the end of when you're sleeping in the middle of it
I'll set you a picture of Chris watching network as a matter of fact you did
Yeah to your real email address. Oh, I don't I don't even look at that. Oh, I know but never the right thing
I have any of my buddies who use that I got that's way to send file. Let me tell you something right now
I talk about an overgrown child. I've got so many instant messaging things going right now. I know I've got so many
you know
Let's see
My space male problem
Well, that's all that's ancient. Yeah, it was last week Eric was trying to be helpful under scheduled maintenance
Well, what does that mean scheduled maintenance?
We may be down for a short period of time early tomorrow morning what they was that
Mm-hmm. That's also days ago. Where's George's thing here? Our man Chris? Oh there is there's the picture of
Chris during the show. God are you fat?
Jesus Christ are you fat and ugly?
No, I would just say something out of the well
You were never in a tweet. All right. You had a chance
God, let's you look about a hundred years old and that picture you look like an old fat slop and you're laying back to the snooze
And he's not watching. Oh, I see that's the most major. Yes. He's watching that work. He's in the snooze position in the crew snooze
Well, that's cute
Let's see is there anything else on here that's kind of interesting
Whatever
Okay, that says and I don't I don't use that email. I've got two other emails. I got the 75,000 instant messages on there
Like I said, I was kept down there for like five hours last night until I virtually almost passed out
I'll take you one thing I sure slept good
Got all mighty
Back and forth but that's where it goes
Jeff Cohen not the one you're thinking of many of you
But when we read his articles all the time I'm the snirking chimp and Jeff Cohen's blog do I have time before the right?
I do
Can independent media stop the corporate media's Hillary bandwagon?
I know what this is story you'd like good your fingers and legs crossed
It says prominent pundancy mixed static over Hillary Clinton's entry into the presidential race just after days just after Barack Obama's media created
Candidacy became official media talking heads are having so much fun lately
They don't seem to notice that our political system is failing to address ever worsening problems social environmental fiscal and imperial
Indeed our country's political decline in recent decades has been abetted by the decline in mainstream media the same media outlets
They were complicit in the disastrous Iraq war our bad on turning politics into an insular celebrity club
In which only they get to annoy frontrunners
If the torsial leadership passes from Bush one to Clinton one to Bush two to Clinton two
It'll be a loss for our country
But a victory for a corrupt beltway press corps that have horse-fresh ideas, especially those that challenge its power and privilege
It was a frightened national press corps that vilified the net root supporters of Democratic outsider Ned Lamont and defensive pro-war warhorse
Jew Lieberman
For the coming election season to be fact-based and reality based instead of just power-based independent media online and off
We'll have to play a bigger role in shaping the debate and correcting the record for example
East recent San Francisco Chronicle news report headline
Obama emerges as Clinton's rival for Democrat left asserted that Hillary Clinton was rightly regarded as the less
Most influential voice inside the now revered Clinton White House
Widely regarded actually if aggressiveness having been consistently wrong on the war and a host of other issues
Especially trade who absurdly bureaucratic health care proposal in 1993 shaped by and for big endurance companies
Was a slap in the face of unions congress members and grassroots forces who build a movement for simple nonprofit national health insurance
In fact enhanced medical or in effect enhanced Medicare for all she upset back to cause universal coverage for years and
And far from being revered many Democratic activists see the Clinton era is one of the climb in which Democrats lost their strong
Majorities in the US and US House Governorship and state legislatures. It's simple math for crying out loud
The 2008 presidential election is shaping up as a test of the power and capacity of new independent media versus old conglomer dominated media
And a test of grassroots networks politics versus corporateized democratic politics
In 2004 new media net with forces weren't quite strong enough to win the internet fueled and funded Howard Dean
Insurgency clocked a press corps and Democratic elites off guard
But they rallied this savage the then frontrunner in the weeks before the Iowa caucuses as hotheaded and experienced and
Unelectable those weeks on many Iowa caucus scores moved from dean to allegedly electable candidates like Carrie alleged
This month in Memphis more than 3000 independent journalist critics and media activists joined members of Congress at the National Media Reform Conference
Distratigized in how to build more democratic diverse independent media not surprisingly
Hillary Clinton who's been historically close to media conglomerates and was endorsed for Senate by Rupert Murdoch was not present
Only one presidential candidate came to Memphis represented Dennis Kucinich who now shares the House government reform and oversight committee on domestic policy
With jurors dicks know with the FCC
There was disappointment in a no-show presidential candidate John Edwards who has some of the dean thunder this year with his
Internet savvy campaign calling for war on poverty and withdrawing troops from Iraq
This election season will be fascinating to see whether blogs and independent media grassroots Democrats will be able to counter as Dean almost in
2004 the ferocious assault and cliches of corporate media in much mainstream media discussion 12 months before the Iowa caucuses
The campaigns already been narrowed to a two-person race with Clinton way ahead of Obama
But a difference to emerges when Democrats are pulled in crucial early primary in caucus states where voters are beginning to pay attention
Edwards is ahead in Iowa. Obama's ahead in New Hampshire the race is certainly not over nor is it a two-person race
My advice to mainstream journalists Jeff says if he love covering horse races transfer to the sport pages
If you want to cover only celebrity switch to the gossip pages if you're obsessed with how candidates look or dress try the fashion pages
As for how these presidential aspirants would govern I'm counting on independent media the public needs to hear Kucinich's step by step plan to end the war in Iraq and
Edward needs to be asked after the first 50,000 troops are withdrawn. What's the next step?
As for Clinton and Obama they're vaguely the vaguely their rhetoric the more they seem to dazzle the establishment media not unlike chance the gardener and being there
It'll be up to independent media to decipher their actual positions and the political financial interests of their funders and advisors
Says Jeff Khan
Anytime for a little pizza. What do you think oh
What are we going to do without mo?
Don't don't you live on
Does he really anybody heard him over there on oh and by the way
Remember we had that one call another jackass about man cow. Oh man cause he had like a point one a zero point one in this
Fall book I heard a tremendous impact in the market. I heard something about your favorite boy Moe recently
Yeah, one of our illustrious
I think both two of our reporters ran into him at the heat game recently. Yeah, Moe still listening to the show
To this show yes
He made a comment about how we're still playing some of the moe bits and you know
Don't we have anything else that we can play or something?
So we got an effect after the break. It's gonna be more intensive than ever before
I
Don't give a
Brandt point that very best to say
If he wants to close things and us
I'll have you know I know what I'm talking about
Every morning at the condo I take the elevator down and on my way to the car when I pull my folding basket out
I give a free condo
The door is a back-and-towel
I
Said the boys are back-and-towel
Why you
Oh my god, a long use for all fools. I know every single one of them that rules
Why I even know all the new my John rules I'm into the judge that he
All right
It's been good for my internship at the Uranian Centaion now
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass say that I was to your hand-house
If those you get quite somebody good enough to film my begging pants
It ain't easy
Very no chance I love it be coming back
Outside of considering a lucrative then consider it
If you want to know what I'll save you from shutting that transmitted the ground
Why that's easy
Sure
It
Sure
Going into your own dream class I do this day
Lord, I never write this. I feel ashamed
That I Обlivenely got BARBY
To a million and I saw Int�
This is what I did
I played
The second is any surprise to you at all?
that Moe is still listening.
Yeah, I mean, in between my Jean-Matches and Shuffleboard,
he didn't even let me go.
He was on the station, that was his problem.
He listened just around the clock,
almost every waking moment.
And this is a problem, Moe.
This was really bad for your morale and everybody else's too.
And of course it went away in a different,
because you're a miserable old SOB,
and everybody hated you like poison.
I'm going to give you that thing.
What took place just now off the air,
because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David,
who I get along with great.
I thought he called me and said,
I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is, don't listen.
Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard, maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music,
so you could focus on your wife and your family
and the grandkids instead of listening
and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening, so just wanted to get the message out
and don't call my show too, just for a record.
Don't call off the air, because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations, you know, the private line number, that's great.
But don't call, because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours, five to eight,
Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want,
but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right, I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit
on the radio station, but everybody else,
but it's over.
Man you done.
Jason, you're on QM.
We don't have any national guards then,
because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
Not, there's no National Guard.
No, of course not.
I thought you were going to play the ball spot call.
No, wait, what was that?
The doctor, the doctor, so I can play the ticker.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feetler's thumb.
Isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure
on your toupee?
The doctor performed the surgery.
Let's think about that.
What's his name?
Why?
He was Dr. Nick?
I don't know where he was.
He was George Colwell.
I'm not sure.
I don't know where my doctor is.
I'm not sure where he is.
I know.
He's going to only cross.
He's almost losing.
Oh, you can just see it.
Well, bottom line is that the doctor's kept telling.
Oh, Jason will be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks.
Somewhere in there.
Why do you live over here on QM?
All right.
For your bad man, you are right.
No wonder he wanted to get you as far as I can.
He did the right thing.
He backed off.
And if I hadn't driven that wedge between the two of you,
we'd be golfing together right now.
We'd be out there in our lime green pants right now with our rain catcher hats.
That's right.
We'd be out there with our balls.
Golfing it up a storm.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
He sure is the dingleberry man.
I'll tell you that.
Make no mistake about it.
Let's take a look at that pool here.
We're almost done here already.
I know this sounds crazy.
I don't need to take those stupid calls.
There isn't any point to it.
Oh, come on.
There is no, look at that.
It's already up to 28, man.
It's going to be all the way to 32 today.
Oh!
And just a little bit of snow left over from Monday.
Not bad.
And today's the 2030 January.
I'm believing you me.
I'm not complaining.
But I'm just telling you all these articles about global warming.
I'm living it.
I'm living it.
And no complaints, like I said.
How much we got?
We got 1343.
I bet you have Chris.
If Chris wouldn't have been snooze like that,
well, I tend to.
That was not good that you sent me that picture.
You know?
I mean, I know it.
Look, who am I to be telling people about what they look like?
I mean, I'm as grotesque as they come.
But, well, no, not as, they're worse.
You know, I see what you want to picture.
I'll tell you one thing.
When I was your age, I looked better than that.
That's how I looked.
Well, what difference does it make?
Lou, some weight.
Will you please?
Yes.
But I'm doing.
You lost 55 pounds, you said?
35.
Well, all right.
About 35.
About 30?
Well, that's good.
And we're going to really, we're going to get you down to,
well, how much do you weigh 255?
Yeah.
And you lost 35.
That means you were 290.
Oh, boy.
I never weighed that much.
And you're how tall?
510.
I'm not George.
You're not a midget.
Other than the government, who was effing you with the hardest right now?
That's a fault.
No, look, you'll get used to it.
I pick on everybody.
Okay.
You probably have a good guy.
You're probably a good guy.
Although, George says he's a very good guy.
He's a good guy.
You're fine with us.
And of course, the judge was starting to get a little porky too.
He kept denying it, but I saw those pictures.
In fact, I don't know why everybody in their brother was using his fake profile.
On the my space.
I don't know what that's all about.
Other than the government, who, in fact, if I was going to use somebody's profile, I'm
trying to be like a honeybee track.
That's the one I would use.
He looked pretty damn good.
But my property insurance company, I beg your pardon?
That looks too fake.
That was a problem.
Oh, well, why didn't you tell me that then?
My property insurance company, 353, the oil company, 203, my health insurance company, 1309.
My employer boss, 104, the media, 64.
My power company, Florida Planner, Route 61.
My spouse, 53.
My credit card company, 49.
I hate this, 448.
Homeowner's Andrew Kanoval, a commander, 44.
Drug company, 41.
My drug dealer, 37.
My ex-spouser partner, 33.
My cable satellite dish provider, 28.
Girlfriend, a boyfriend, 23.
My internet service provider, 20.
My bank, 16.
My kids, 15.
My doc, 66.
My wielder, 5.
My preacher, Schmendrick Getsky, 5.
And my stockbretter, still.
What is it, stockbretter?
Stockbroker.
Whatever it is, I'm a quack, only one.
Oh, God.
Hey!
Hey!
Stop, Bob!
I'm a high-wow!
No one's downstairs, but she drinks more than she eats.
I'm crazy!
Hey, Army Cole Potter,
Flagler Rockstar.
Listen to me.
Flagler Rockstar,
I know this world can't move.
What a lord, lord!
And the pictures,
You look so far.
Oh, wow!
My daughter's getting a little bit more.
She's getting like a skeleton,
And I'm gonna be with you.
My daughter's getting a little bit more.
I'm gonna apologize.
She's getting like a skeleton.
I will, I give it to you.
She wants to get high!
So high!
She wants the drink, it's whole walking dance there
Oh night, she is a separate
Real cream, oh, head
My daughter's gay, baby
Oops, scared my skeleton
My pain is killing it
Still a lot of skeletons
Do you want to do that?
No
Bye, bye, bye
