The reason is, the region is raised fears that an attack on Iran is becoming increasingly
likely before President Bush leaves office.
The Sunday Times has learned, oh yeah, it's got to be the Brits, it's learned.
The five generals and admirals are willing to resign, rather than improve it, they
consider it a reckless attack.
There are four or five generals and admirals we know of who would resign if Bush
ordered an attack on Iran as source with close ties to British intelligence be saying.
There is simply no stomach for it in the Pentagon, and a lot of people, quite some other
section of the attack, will be effective or even possible.
A British defense source confirmed that there were deep misgivings inside the Pentagon
about a military strike.
All the generals are, who can't?
A money to judge.
Oh, they're going to show the on-goer thing again?
They did.
Are you completely...
He's just coming off and...
In all seriousness.
No, he is, you know something, he means well.
That's about the best I can say for him.
He has a good heart.
He means well.
He's been right on a lot of issues, he's done some important stuff.
But, oh God, is he boring.
He's like, he could give him lessons.
In life?
Personality lessons, looseness lessons, you know.
Yeah, certainly.
When it goes loosen it up, baby, we have.
It would have been true.
I try to give my mother lessons in bowel movements, you know.
Speaking of looseness, he's tracking the doors.
When it goes loosen it up, baby, we have.
It would have been true.
I try to give my mother lessons in bowel movements, you know.
Speaking of looseness.
But General Peter Pays Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said recently there was
zero chance it would be over the ran.
We can only pray.
He played down claims by US intelligence that the Iranian government was responsible
for supplying insurgents in Iraq, forcing Bush on the defensive.
Paces view was backed up by British intelligence officials who said the extent of the Iranian
government's involvement in activities instead of Iraq by a small number of revolutionary
guards was far from clear.
According to a report in the New Yorker magazine, the Pentagon's already said if a working
group of planners drank on Iran, and that was the same old herds story I read you before,
if you were paying attention, you probably weren't.
Exactly.
Well, you ordinarily do pay attention to bedtime stories, but you get a pass today because
you try to stay alive and awake.
You know, I should have just gotten high before I came over here.
That was the difference.
That was the different burning, burning, smolvering, tar, seeping through the vents, making
these people sound to me like a sick workplace.
Sounds to me like a major law student.
That's right.
I'm calling Oshah again.
Yes, oh my god, we got 600 votes on the pool.
I think we're going to get to 750.
600 votes on the pool.
It's not bad.
Starting from scratch, starting from a standing start.
What do you think?
Is Chris impressed?
I know you're not.
Oh, the last day, what?
Yeah, I'm impressed.
Boy, you're bad today, man.
You're really bad.
I don't know what it is with you.
It was with me.
We had the door propped open.
Nobody's actually doing anything today.
Everyone's just milling about in the hall trying to find a place to breathe.
Trying to find a spot where they can't smell it.
Kind of like when I was at the Woodbine Lawn Wicked Your Wednesday when a woman was farting
all over the place.
Yes, oh, talk about June's swoon only.
It's in February, middle of February.
Good, golly miss Molly.
And you haven't really congratulated me on my tremendous success with making a really good friend on the MySpace.
Congratulations.
Wow.
You were very, you were, I mean, everybody was concerned after the Jacob business that I was going to have like a nervous breakdown.
And everything went so hunky-dory and so great.
Good.
I'm just, I mean, beyond, beyond good.
Great.
650 votes on the pool.
On the last day of my life, I want to go on having the best damn blank I've ever enjoyed.
Sex to 18.
Wild, uncontrolled screaming yelling carrying on like a lunatic.
Three way 109.
Wicked weed 54 of a cake's near trip 49.
I hate this pool.
Oh, it keeps going up.
See, they're just, they're just a bunch of bastards.
On the week of my 31st anniversary, there, although I haven't had a lot of people to say happy anniversary on our MySpace.
And I thank them.
I'm here for your sleep.
I'm gonna go love people out there.
Huh?
I'm gonna go look.
Oh, wait.
No, that's right. You can't.
Well, don't send George any emails because you can't read him today.
You got no internet.
I hate this pool 44.
That's up to 7.2%.
They're starting to turn really sour.
Dream or fantasy 38?
Party 36.
Hey, are you all the same commercial that I'm seeing?
Home oxygen to you.
Yeah.
Lugging around.
Oh, you were dead.
Right that number down.
Thanks a lot.
Oh, no.
Can they deliver it like same day service with home oxygen?
Yeah, you need the home oxygen tank and a long chew.
And that place.
Well, Bob movement 32 is speaking of that pizza 11.
That keeps inching up there and I have no idea why.
Well, I guess they love their pizza, man.
Oh, maybe you're gonna live to be 100.
You can gum that last lights of pizza, you know?
Just though doesn't put it in the blender, you know, puree it.
Yeah, that would be good and drink it.
I wouldn't, yeah, wouldn't you have for lunch.
Oh, I drank some pizza.
You know, Larry Kent.
Remember Larry Kent, big fat Larry Kent?
No.
I remember you mentioning him, mom.
He used to be on a year talk guy in a sale.
Sales a shyster at the INZ and they were just news.
Larry Kent, because he was always huge.
I mean, really, really fat.
And he would order a pizza from Mary's.
Oh, Mary's used to be so great.
125th and 441.
But anyway, and he would eat the whole pie by himself.
And he wouldn't eat the crust.
In other words, he would take the fork and eat the toppings.
You know, like the papi runny and cheese and stuff.
Which I love, the topping.
I mean, the crust is good, but I could live without it.
And guess what?
What?
He's dead.
Oh.
Anyway, a bowel movement 32, pizza 11, cigar 4, ice cream 3, drink 3, meal 2, and pee.
The best pee of my life on the day I die, I don't need 2.
Give that to your system.
Meal has only got 2.
How's that possible?
Don't you think that's a magnificent choice?
Yes.
I mean, I'm death-roader.
They say, okay, you guys want to have the best pee you ever had before we fry your ass,
or before we stick the needle in your arm, or you want to have the best meal, huh?
Judd Scythlin refuses Arthur's request for a stay.
That's a good word.
Well, that's good.
He's probably sitting on the bench and delirious feeding the pigeons right now.
See, Mackin' on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority meal, God.
Here is the sample native pair in the shower soul.
Oh, and round the four-hole town, standing at my toe home.
We'll stay close to all the time, but God's meant to play games.
God keeps the eyes offide behind insisting they're my days.
Yeah!
You got to hide your heart away.
Yeah!
You got to hide your heart away.
Now we'll start to happily pass, as that straight game will bite.
Man, you pull up all the men, is a four-hole state of mind, yine, yine, yine.
Now you can see a guest's four-hole queers, having fun with the boys.
In the locker room, I hear, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy.
You got to hide your heart away.
You got to hide your heart away.
Yeah, put it back in the closet where he belongs.
Who really cares?
You know, Norma Kent getting all whipped up about this.
It was just another chance for Norma to like pat himself on the back.
That's right.
As the founder of the oldest game, the largest game newspaper, for a quick pat yourself on the back, Norma.
Oh, that was, huh?
Did you say you had your dots back?
Oh, I didn't even check.
No, I did not have my dots back.
Why, you got the internet now?
Yeah.
I got no dots.
I feel civilized again.
I got no dots, though, man.
Yeah.
Well, we know I have to do dots nets.
Uh-oh, well, let me do this.
Ah!
You got to wear a dress?
That's right.
I want to show my hand, my dots.
And now the clock is gone.
Uh-oh.
So I'm, I'm, uh, regressing here.
Uh-oh.
Not good.
No clock, no dots, no dots.
How much did you add?
I got nothing.
So what does that mean?
I don't know.
Well, maybe I'll pass you around with it during the next break.
Certainly not now.
How come I ain't got no dots?
I wish I could tell you.
Uh-oh.
Not a good sign.
Maybe selective portions of the internet.
We are streaming now.
Let's hear it.
Oh, right.
We are now streaming.
For those people out there, of course, we've got 80's,
Indian people have been trying to listen.
I checked it on the stats page.
We got a tremendous number of people.
Of course, none of them were listening.
But they just kept trying to, you know, connect and trying and trying and trying and trying and dying and the...
I'm dying over here.
Come get in there.
Now we are streaming.
We've had three drop outs since we came back on there.
That's good.
So everything is fine except my phone thing here.
What do you think that is?
I wish I could tell you.
I wish I could speculate.
Huh.
Maybe I'll just click that baby one more time over there like that.
Come on.
You can do it.
Nothing's happening.
No dots.
Hmm.
I mean, usually that comes back spontaneously, you know?
Right.
Cindy Sheen says,
Herrackies are people too.
After spending two heart-wrenching hours listening to two Iraqi gentlemen,
one in educator, one assigned, just giving agonizing testimony about what's really going on in Iraq outside the green zone.
In Istanbul, I returned from my nearby, to my nearby hotel room and read something from the AP that tore my heart apart even further, she says.
In the article entitled, Americans underestimate Iraq death toll.
Christ of her GELPIE, a Duke University of Political Sciences, who tracks public opinion on civilian casualties in war set.
A better understanding of the Iraqi death toll probably wouldn't change already negative public attitude toward the war much.
People in democracies generally don't shy away from inflicting civilian casualties.
They may be even more tolerant of them in situations such as Iraq, where many of these civilian deaths are caused by other arachies.
This above statement is unspeakably appalling.
Why do people in democracies not shy away from inflicting human casualties?
If this statement is true, then why are we spreading American brand of democracy, fake elections, and publicly, this IE, Bush, and Malachi, all over the world?
Why do we want more democracies around the world to inflict more civilian casualties?
This is not acceptable to me and I renounce governments and shy away from other humans who do accept these casualties, she says.
This statement ignored a very basic fact also.
The invasion of Slascha, occupation of Iraq, is a horror that was based on lies, deceptions in greed.
The people of Iraq are suffering terribly in their country while George Bush dig-chainy, and 99% of the American public don't have to sacrifice one I would have comfort or concern because of the terror that's being inflicted on a civilian population, that there nothing to be punished so harshly.
Another one of our fellow Americans had this to say about civilian casualties, you have to look at who's doing the killing said Neil Crawford, a restaurant manager in Sutton's Bay, Michigan, who gets to about 10,000 arachies have been killed.
If these people are dying because the roadside bomb goes off, or if there's an insurgent attack in a marketplace, it's an unfortunate circumstance of war, people die, he says.
This comment also ignores the fact that the occupation of Iraq is a war of choice that should never been waged.
No insurgency existed before American troops were forced to roll the tanks into a country that was filled with innocent people, but Americans take such a counter-edit toward unfortunate circumstances of war if we're in a criminal amount of Americans being killed?
I don't think so, 3,000 of us were tragically slaughtered on 9-11, and we've used this as a justification to destroy two countries that did not attack us and commit genocide on people who just want to be left alone, now bloody Georgia's killed more Americans than Osama bin Laden many, many times more arachies.
During the seminar in Turkey, attendees got to congratulate the arachie men on the resistance in Iraq, human beings across the world, but especially in the middle of the year east, are probably insurgents in Iraq for holding off the mightiest military in history.
This makes me sick to my stomach, as the people of Iraq are victims, so are our soldiers who are oftentimes there for the third or fourth deployments.
What George Bush has done by bending over backwards frontwards and sideways to the oil companies and more profiteers is to make the USA the tested laughing stock of the world and make our soldiers targets of people who don't hate them but hate what they represent.
In the article from AP, the median number of arachies killed that those pulled guests was 90, 190, a very recent scientific guess science does work George.
Study put the median arachie death toll at 655,000, and my contacts in Iraq, including the sheik who spoke yesterday, claimed that it's well over a million.
An equivalent amount of Americans would exceed 10 million people, I don't think anyone would call that an unfortunate circumstance of war. Would the debts be more acceptable as a democracy that attacked us?
Now, Doom's Day dick is traveling the world reinforcing the nuclear option for Iran, saying that every option is still on the table for pretty safe Democrats can you put impeachment for these murders on the table yet?
The prevent one country from developing nuclear energy technology, the West is threatening to drop a nuclear bomb on Iran where millions of moderate Arabs will be endangered, a supposed democracy that spreads peace is letting you some of its thousands of nuclear bombs again on innocent people who will stop these maniacs.
The crimes against humanity keep piling up on the Bush regime if one stipulates that the invasion of Iraq was justified, the Geneva conventions required that the occupying power protect the occupied make sure that they have medicine and medical attention and clean water and food.
Bush co-is failed its responsibilities to the Iraqi people miserably and the Iraqi people want our troops out of their country.
Dropping nuclear or devastating conventional weapons on Iran will be another crime against humanity for the Bush regime to pay some scrapbook.
A majority of Americans do find the casualties on both sides unacceptable but now it's time to go from thinking unacceptable to action.
We need to get out of our comfy homes and hit the streets in the millions on March 17, especially in Washington DC if for anything else to demonstrate to the people of the world that citizens and democracies don't section killing innocent people.
We need to do it for our soldiers but more importantly for the innocent citizens of Iraq.
We need to demand an immediate withdrawal of troops from Iraq and we need to demand impeachment for Bush co to restore the peace and restore our reputation in the world.
After the program the sheikah person with a translator and apologize to me for Casey's death saying we don't want to kill your soldiers but we're protecting our country it is our country.
Time to give the Iraqis their country back. We should never have allowed bloody Bush co to go there in the first place.
Says Cindy she and you go Cindy and I still have no dots.
But during the break you'll see I'm going to work on it feverishly and the dots to the oh god Neil.
Goodbye I'm in a cold bad pasty Hold on they'll need a shoe on to where you inside of the I know case to the way you're fed as in the ground.
Yes you can't spend that money now.
But you sure die trying to say how that white trash die and that was gonna get you back to me with whiskey and in better need.
And I'm really surprised that you do have to die because you were that dumb.
You accomplished nothing and it became a media superstar.
I would have asked you to make a 20 but can't do more.
And now the corporate media has something other to do outside of crazy panther wearing as the nut.
25 or QM so anyway it's not connected to a server this thing I even rebooted the computer.
It's not connected to a story it says.
So the not saying that to come back now why would this not be connected to a server.
I wish I could tell you.
Well come on you're supposed to be a technical genius because it's our inner that your brains out what is it is right.
Come on Chris you're supposed to be the computer expert.
Well that's not very good that's not very helpful to me and I thought I care.
I mean we can't take any calls from here today.
Kick it.
Old style exactly.
647 votes I think we got a shot maybe I'm crazy call me crazy you're crazy 800.
Now okay what do you think?
I think we can do 800 that would be that would be revolutionary.
That would be especially after doing a scoop of the last night and go to the airport without any coat.
I'm coming to Toronto man and I'm at the airport with no jacket no sweater no coat with a short sleeve shirt no under shirt like some kind of a moron.
And it hit me while I was standing there with a security line and I'm thinking well what the hell do I do now you know.
Help me! Somebody help me!
And nobody would.
And the sad part of it is it's such a chinsy freaking airport you think that when you think there would be a souvenir stand where there was something like you know a sweatshirt or something or like like jackets you know saying Miami or something when you think you think but there isn't.
And they got one one concession stand that basically serves that entire terminal for there and it is terminal and they're lined up 85 deep and then it's just I can't even discuss with you.
And then the women are lined up like 400 deep outside the tea room there to go and take a pee because there's only like couple of stalls.
Whoever whoever designed that terminal ought to be shot whoever designed terminal for it for a lot of day of Hollywood international effort needs to be shot right now.
You suck!
Paul Krugman writes, what's a good thing I got a good pile here today you know what?
Yeah it is. The thing I came in here pretty nice and early and I got organized because last night, after coming home for that whole episode of the airport and giving me gypsy cab driver I just hopped in the hot shower and ran right to bed and collapsed passed down.
Paul Krugman says six years ago a man unsuited both by intellect and by temperament for high office somehow ended up running the country.
How did that happen? First he got the Republican nomination by locking up the big money early then he got within chat and butterfly range at the White House because the public enthusiastically encouraged by many in the news media treated the presidential election like a high school popularity contest.
The successful candidate received Cape Ubs treatment and a free pass on the fuzzy method is policy proposals because he seemed like a fun guy to hang out with while the unsuccessful candidate was subjected to sniggering mockery over his clothing and his mannerisms.
Today with thousands of Americans and tens of thousands of rakis that thanks to presidential folly without category surgeon and Afghanistan on the brink you think we would have learned a lesson but the early signs are not encouraging.
Presidential elections are high school writ large of course deferred news weeks howard fine in last month. Oh my goodness but in fairness to Mr. Fineman he was talking about the almost content free rivalry between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama a rivalry that at this point has made me a struggle over who's the bigger celebrity and about who gets the lock up the big donors.
Enough already. Let's make this election about the issues. Let's demand that presidential candidates explain what they propose doing about the real problems facing elimination and judge them by how they respond.
I know the counter argument you can't tell in advance what challenges a president may face so you should vote for the person after policy details but how do you judge the person. Public images can be deeply misleading remember when Dick Cheney had gravitas, gravitas.
The best way to judge politicians is by how they respond to hard policy questions. So here are some questions for the democratic hopefuls I'll talk about the Republicans another time.
First what are they proposed doing about the health care crisis all voting democratic candidates say they're for universal care but only Janet was this come out with a specific proposal.
The others have offered only vague generalities wonderfully uplifting generalities and Mr. Obama's case with no real substance. Second what are they proposed doing about the budget deficit there's a serious debate within the Democratic party between deficit hawks who point out how well the economy didn't the Clinton years and those who having watched Republican squatter Bill Clinton's hard won surplus on tax cuts for the world.
The wealthy and effectless war would give other things such as universal health care higher priority than deficit reduction. Mr. Edwards has come down on the anti hawks side but which side are Mr. Obama and I have no idea.
Third what will candidates do about taxes many of the Bush tax cuts are scheduled to expire the end of 2010. Should they be extended in a whole or in part and what a candidates proposed doing about the alternative minimum tax which will had tens of millions of middle class Americans unless something is done.
Fourth how do the candidates proposed getting Americans positioned in the world out of the hole in the Bush administration is dug all the Democrats seem to be more or less in favor with drawing from Iraq but what do they think we should do about our status sanctuary in Pakistan and what will they do if the lame defamination starts bombing Iran.
The point of these questions isn't to pose an ideological litmus test the point is instead to gauge candidates judgment seriousness and courage how they answer is as important as what they answer.
I should also say that although today's column focuses on the Democrats Republican candidate shouldn't be left off the hook in particular someone needs to make Rudy Giuliani who seems to become the Republican front runner stop running exclusively on what he did on 9-11.
Over the last six years we witnessed the damage done by President nominated because he had the big bucks behind him and elected sort of because he came across well on camera.
We need to pick the next president on the basis of substance not image elected sort of that's the opposite of a phrase in their Paul Krogman in today's New York Times.
656 votes on the pool I don't think we're going to make 800 why did you come up with that we just I think we were saved for the 750 would have been nice.
They can do it. Why we did the break into 40 I know we did that because I was posking around and trying to get the dots back on the phone it's not going to happen and the clock is gone too why would that be.
I don't know.
Let me try all over again I'm going to shut down like the beast voice shut it down.
Yeah I'm rebooting again I mean I know nothing's going to happen but at least it makes me feel good like I'm trying to do something as opposed to just sitting here saying oh the dots I'm working we're still screaming we only had the three dropouts people can actually hear this crap I mean this great your online.
Oh look at that screen that just came up on our own it's three booting now okay now exciting are you ready are you on the edge of your seat there are you on pins and needles.
Yes what does that mean on pins and needles it's another stupid expression sitting for the pins and needles.
You ever seen this spot I'm sure you have on TV where they talk about the paint like needle paints in your legs what they call restless legs syndrome.
RLS you see man you know anybody who's ever had that I mean I think they invented that a base they did I think they just invented that so they could pedal some other stupid drug that will probably kill you.
The searchers needles and pins I'm thinking 1963 is my guess 64 no dots no dots no clock how could the clock the clock was there all of time I can't see it I already.
It's your pinza and needles and pinza I can't say that I like the searchers they're pretty good.
I mean come on let's get serious let's get the needles and pins are you.
Hey speaking of being on needles and pins we got Curtis for the mad dog at two o'clock any K and Dave hide between four and five wow what is that.
And cap on five to seven for the Humper and then we got a bunch of stuff nobody cares about.
661 votes on the poll on the last day of my life I want to go out having the best and blank I've ever enjoyed I wonder what Jean Raver would have said the best and blank.
Sex 237 three way one twenty so put those two together you mean got like 54% because those you know I mean three way five way ten way wild Roman orgy what's wrong with that.
Of course you know Roman orgy is included gay but nevertheless I'm sure they had options.
Yeah there were plenty of options I'll be in the hetero corner thank you very much and I'll be in the homo corner I'll be watching everything going on I'm always curious.
Wicked weed 56 what I thought a patient or a trip 55 I hate this pool it just keeps us you're not there 51.
I hate the event and man like that illiterate guy said the vent him just seeping on through you can smell it you can sniff it you can taste it it's so bad.
I hate this pool 51 7.7% inching up to like Nia 8 dream or fantasy 40 it's a stupid answer you want to you want to dream about something great happening on your last day you want to experience it okay you want to experience it party 38 bomb moment 33 what could be wrong with that oh explosive.
And you know if it's the last year going to be a lot didn't even have to waste your time wiping right what terms is my right.
Let's you go to a party oh party 38 bomb moment 33 pizza 12 maybe it's a pizza party or chicken and broccoli pasta that looks really good.
Oh look at all the types of that.
Oh you don't like that.
Broccoli macaroni and cheese with broccoli that looks really good and I like that I like that cheese look like it was like cheese melted all over the pasta that
mmm by the way I thought you had this problem with milk.
I don't like milk I like cheese okay in other words you tell me that eating cheese is like drinking milk eating cheese is milk and so is ice cream yeah.
Some some of us not supposed to eat ice cream or cheese I easily started to say that I'm not going to have the problem with milk you're the one is oh milk yeah.
I was raving about cold stone or dreamery all the pizza on the way from the meal best and meal seven see certain in trouble a little bit to be much harder than that.
On last day of my life I want to have the best and ice cream I were I'm sorry cigar for ice cream three how about go to cold stone cream we're getting a big like a 10 gallon fat.
You know all mixed in together like all the different things smashed together yeah just smoke it a big stogie while you're enjoying your ice cream.
You can just move right into the coffin and then you can just be there in the car.
Oh right I like it I like that I knew you for that real store cream right in the box sure well ice cream three drink three and P2 well I think the P people are are done.
We had two P people early and there's probably P people people people at the bank on the P P or just they're doing to well with that.
671 votes I'm going out of the land I'm saying Chris we can make 800 a day headline news in the Chicago Tribune New York Times LA Times weekly reader if we make 800 votes.
You're a dorky and you're fat you want to live this is your big chance but everyone laughs at your jacket.
You're a dorky and you're fat you want to live this is your big chance but everyone laughs at your jacket.
You're a fat face the camera don't lie you're on a free show called a never get idle you're a fat face.
Oh you're a fat face.
You're a fat push man it's a grotesque 102 at 560 WQ I am Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at 2 and then that's strange.
Don't you find this kids a little bit bizarre they a little bit inexplicable I find the air a little bizarre today.
Don't start failure can you get about the tar baby I don't know what I'm going to do about this what maybe they knew about the tar before us.
Yeah I never thought about that maybe the mad dog in the and a Humper knew that it was going to be like the un-tipped on.
Unbreedable somebody gave him a tip somebody gave my heads up I'm going to tell you I want to stick my head right up the bottom of this damn computer screen.
What's the story with that how come the clock is gone huh and it says not connected to a server now.
I'm sure it's a related problem.
What the hell that was pretty profound I wasn't it.
Yeah George that's internet and I don't know.
Oh okay all right so we're fighting.
Don't be give me I mean we are streaming again thank the Lord for that we're streaming over here not screaming we're streaming nobody likes a screamer.
But a streamer that's another story what are streamers streamers like those things they have it parades and stuff right yes they stream.
And if you know they still there's the old air stream and not only that but let me what's going on with this pole thing here.
Boy I thought like I said we're going for 750.
So as I said 800 man they slowed down to a crawl they started and this is a pull that everybody's got to have an opinion on his other one is pull it all.
Although we got 7.7% say they hate it they hate no matter what we put out of the hated we just hate they do we hate the show we hate the station we hit the life.
That's our thought of for a man God what a place.
I can't begin to say all the line going to be coming back more often.
But not because I like it.
6.7% of that pull yeah I like it I like my weekend I'll say that I had a fine time we just a great experience.
You skeptics out there well you're never going to make any friend on the internet you're out all these people are fake they're all make believe whatever you say okay just continue in your cocoon okay.
Just continue being a pen pal to some stranger on there never meeting them never encountering never like enjoying the pleasure of their company you know never putting your armor on a giving a big hug in the little squeeze and no there was no that.
That's next time.
688 in the pool we'd like you to make this 700 the way this thing is slowed down and then the phone thing is all like I said well here's the story about
the poor Al Gore boy he just can't he can't get the respect.
Orchestra drowns out Gore's announcement the Oscars but his documentary won two awards pressed by best actor nominee Leo de Capriode who announced something important that they sent out the Academy Awards last night former VP Al Gore and Oscar nominee himself for his hit global warming documentary took a little too long to get to the kicker so the orchestra drowned him out.
And when you see the video clip of that he looks like he just got hit by a freight train.
I talk about deer in the headlights poor.
Exactly just like that.
Gore appeared as a special guest of de Capriode who told the crowd that the Oscars had turned green as he used the occasion of calling the US government to introduce a legislative enforcement of
the production of carbon emissions always like that Leo not but you know you can change my pick it turned me around so to speak although I hope you can't.
But it's then to close no oh god no don't turn me around no way Jose.
Back them cleaner cars energy efficient homes and green green building help reduce greenhouse gas emissions de Capriode said in a statement he should send it before the ceremony.
I didn't know he was like some kind of a big environmental activist law what do you know.
Yeah because I was hated in like poison any movie with him on it I wouldn't watch it if you paid me by this by the frame okay forget about by the second by the frame I wouldn't watch it.
But maybe he like I said he'll turn all of our answer on Leo de Capriode and in some cases he probably would like to.
We need our leaders and Washington to listen to the growing course of sciences next percent that we must put in place by any emission reductions to come back global warming to Capriode statement continued after the
camp here a lot of growth helping to raise awareness about global warming he brought it in and revealing his two thousand eight plans in a major major announcement.
After saying that he was just here for the movies Leo Gore said he hadn't planned on it but feeling inspired it tempted to read a prepared speech that isn't until the orchestra cut him off.
I guess with the billion people watching it's as good a time as any said Gore so my fellow Americans I'm going to take this opportunity hearing out a formula announced by intentions.
And then the music that must have all been staged I must have been like that was supposed to be a joke on the nobody laughed.
But somebody got hurt while Gore said that he has no intention of seeking the nomination for president again many of his fervent supporters still hoping to be
roped into running for the open presidency in two thousand eight.
If Gore decides to run but it be put about we all know that L.M.D.
The generate that die close to Sunday's Oscar ceremonies called out Gore during your opening monologue.
After pointing out the Jennifer Hudson lost on TV's American Idol but was now in the audience's nominee for the best supporting actress for the musical Dreamgirls the
generate noted that Gore was also nominated even though he had once won a reference to the two thousand presidential election which but it will put about which the Supreme Court gave to Bush.
The generate said I tried to figure it out and there's no rhyme or reason who's going to win.
Looking Jennifer Hudson she was on American Idol America didn't vote for her and she's here with an Oscar nomination and here's how Gore America did vote for him and then but it be put about.
Gore was up for his best documentary for his film and in Communion Truth while the capri was nominated for leading role in blood diamond and you know something out of here what a great activist he is Leo and what he's saying all the right thing I still can't deal with.
He looks like he just got off the spaceship doesn't he? He's the he's one of the moon tonight so I want to be surprised if he's one of the moon nights you think that would explain a lot got off that ship.
692 votes wicked if we push it here before the break we can get to 700 but we never we never would make it at 697 we would need a hundred and three votes in 52 minutes that's like that's about to a minute.
What do you think Chris should we push it and then we'll be left with the egg on our puts if we don't make it well good because they're not coming in like a big chunks like they like they're really
enthused and excited about probably because we couldn't take any calls today punch up one of the aligns it's not ran.
I don't hear a thing. Oh wait oh there you go. Here's one wait yeah. Yeah that was it.
I think you're pardoned. Yeah. What do I ask you to say it sounds to me like it was supposed to be a lame joke like it was supposed to be funny in the orchestra and rock.
Did you see it? No I saw the clip. He didn't find it amusing? No. I thought it was scary. I thought that his you know of course he was only acting.
Can you see the movie? No I have not. Any other questions? I'll get back to you.
Okay. Too bad we can't take some of these red calls you know it's like an interrogation. They're like 20 questions.
Did you see the movie? Did you see the clip? Did you have a bite of a bite of a bite of a bite? No but I had a real good bowel movement this morning. Is that making you feel better? You jerk.
We first the thing there is 6.97 let's take a look and see we have 700 votes even now like I said our goal was 700.
That in the Bahamas over custody of Anna Kohl's body anybody care about that. If you do your crazy person it's all I can tell you.
It just it just leaves me shaking my head and especially now that the judge you know he's going to go off to CBS.
What good is it without the judge? Oh there she is with her dead son. Now we did hear some of the hanging source one very close to the investigation that U.S. law enforcement
officials are in now thought today and have an appointment to talk to Anna Nicole. Oh they're good. I mentioned a hell of a conversation.
Okay. They have an appointment to speak to Anna Nicole. Can we hear the conversation? Wouldn't you love to hear that? All right. No.
It was 46 years ago but these survivors remember all the gruesome details of their ride inside a sealed semi-trailer following me. Fail, Bay and Pigs invasion.
You were in an excrement slashed on the floor and men and boys more than a hundred men captured by the Cuban militia took turns breathing fresh air out of a small hole somewhere in person.
This truck truck truck side. That's what you guys need to do there in a building. I'm stuck under the bullpen and I'll go in a while.
When the truck stopped eight hours later in Havana none of the men and nine of the men inside were dead.
Today my name is Bay survivors of the invasion plan to file a lawsuit against Cuban military commander Usmani Cienhuegos who they say gave the order to pack the men into the truck and Fidel Castro.
We believe we have enough proof that the crime was committed by these two individuals said one hour Lopez de la Cruz it would tell you a Sarmre Cirlin Bay of Pigs veteran who lives in Miami.
Lopez de la Cruz spoke to the hero yesterday for my dread where the group is planning to file a lawsuit today while they already did it seven o'clock at night there now.
The invasion veterans want their case heard in a Spanish court which is asserted jurisdiction for human rights abuses and countries around the world.
A similar court indicted former Chilean dictator Augusto Augusto penicet. Pinot Shae.
Now do you say penicet or penicet? I just say neither.
Oh we hopefully Spanish courts will listen and recognize this is a very clear cut case.
A very clear cut case Lopez de la Cruz said hopefully the men responsible received the justice we're asking for.
And of course everybody knows for justice we must go see gone.
Exactly how are we going to get it in some Spanish stupid court but nevertheless.
Well I tell you well I don't know what we're going to do with this phone thing now aren't the engineers screwing around there with all kinds of advice what we need to do but I'm glad the crystal made that his own it still has some others.
Or like a piece of the puzzle is back correct a piece of the puzzle just a little piece which you know little piece ain't bad.
That's why we can yeah that's right seven oh four on a pool I think we got 750 like 800 no chance no way Jose.
Don't overdo it on the Monday especially once a holiday that we didn't know anything about.
Welcome.
My wife took the card of the ball.
She drives my bill again she's three feet tall.
I wouldn't right was on no way.
I said I needed a lady today so I'm just sitting on a pension the way.
Waiting for the only best to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a pension the way with my friend.
I'm not glad it's time to tell my kids.
First and most and most people always think the same.
All that gonna do with that tells me to do.
Because in her life she must be a fan just sitting here and resting my bones.
One ring while my wife won't leave me alone.
We've talked it over, but I never waited.
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again.
Oi, so I zip up Benchin Del Rey.
Waiting for the lolly bus to take me away.
Oi, you've just sipped on a Benchin Del Rey with my friend Hyde.
There he is.
It's about ten times.
I've been waiting all day on this great trip.
Yeah, you shucked 18 at 5.60 WQAM.
Jesus' tomb claims, Barx Führer.
Well, I tell you, it's a good thing you got a...
I got some good stuff, including the story about the Oklahoma City bombing.
Did you read that off of Prison Planet?
And, of course, some people will say, all Prison Planet, those are those paranoid conspiratorial-minded lunatics.
Well, something they are, but nevertheless, we'll get to that.
Claims by a Canadian documentary filmmaker to a fond not only the burial place of Jesus,
but his DNA and evidence that he had a son are being dismissed as fanciful and absurd by both church leaders and archaeologists.
I think this is more fanciful and absurd theorizing.
Every Christian knows that Jesus, the son of God and man, died and rose again on Easter Sunday,
said Joseph's willing.
Every Christian knows it.
A spokesperson for the Catholic Church in New York, where a detail of the discovery will be unveiled today.
No alleged DNA test or Hollywood film has got to change that.
He told the New York Post that the discovery could have profound implications two thousand years after the boxes were placed in the ground,
shaking the foundations of modern faith and raising the Vinci code-life speculation that Jesus had a child with Mary Magdalene.
It's mind-boggling. It's an altered reality Toronto documentary director Sinha Jekimichi told the star.
Jekimichi. Whatever you say.
What word did you say? That was it.
The burial box of Jesus and one set of belong to Mary Magdalene will be on display at a press conference in New York City
to announce the four million-dollar documentary, the lost tomb of Jesus,
location of the press conference being kept secret to prevent a mob scene.
It's part of the solution and we can solve.
Mary goes there as elegant. It was a stun.
How come the stories don't say it was a stun with the music interrupting him?
As they're dumb.
Jekimichi said the discovery should not take anyone's belief in the resurrection of Jesus, saying he can solve several theologians making the film.
What can be, because it's bad for business if they, you know, convinced people it was a crap.
What convinced people in a new testament of the resurrection with Jesus' appearances, not his disappearance from the tomb?
Traditional Christian belief holds that Jesus ascended bodily to heaven.
More liberal interpretations of the Bible have allowed for a spiritual ascension.
Whatever that means. Just the spirit rose.
Yeah, the carcass stayed there and rotted.
Oh, not good. Kind of like ananacol. Kind of like.
I'm not a theologian. I don't want to take on anyone's say to go to Jacobo or whatever his name is.
Jacobo Vichy known as the naked archaeologist for his TV show by that name.
Oh, brother.
The show airs on discovery in the US and on Channel 4 in the UK on Sunday.
Was that Sunday yesterday or is it next on? I don't know. It doesn't say.
And March 6th in Canada on Vision TV. A book that Jesus family too, my jibok.
I can't say that name. Jacobo Vichy and Charles Pellegrino was out this week.
Titanic director James Cameron executive producer of the documentary wrote the introduction.
James Tabor, chair of religious studies at the University of North Carolina
and expert featured extensively in the laws to him said the discovery of the tomb
could even strengthen the belief of anyone who doubted that Jesus even existed.
To have a material link to Jesus is wonderfully says it's an archaeological dream.
Tabor and experienced archaeologist says that is an academic.
He's seen enough to convince him of the evidence.
But it myths to some trepidation about claiming that the tomb of Jesus has been found.
There's a part to you that says it's too amazing how can we write Tabor told the Toronto star.
Critics already are dismissing the documentary's claims.
It's a beautiful story about any proof whatsoever said Amos Cloner, professor at Israel's Bar Ilan University.
He told the Deutsche Press.
Cloner researched the tomb for the Israeli periodical otto coat in 1996.
Jacobo Vichy says there's nothing in the documentary that should offend about Christians.
Well, why not? Since he doesn't argue that Jesus did not ascend to heaven and he spiritually is told in the Bible.
The tomb was on earth in 1980 during construction of a department building and was first connected to the Jesus family in 1996 BBC Archimedery.
Why wouldn't it be the Christ family?
Jacobo Vichy's documentary uses scientific methods including DNA testing, statistical amelization, and forensic examination,
not available to the BBC 11 years ago.
The film and book follow years of growing interest in the private life of Jesus.
Oh God, I want to hear more.
Fueled by the 2003 Dan Brown novel that her entry code made in the movie last year, in which Jesus is said to have married Mary Magdalene and had a daughter,
sparking a centuries-long cover-up.
I wonder if he got tricked into having that daughter, George?
I wonder.
The novel denounced by church groups around the world's broadening, many industries speculating about the historical Jesus,
this is relationship to Mary and his family life.
Church leaders including the Pope dismissed the book and movie is pure fiction.
He preferred the Mel Gibson one, of course.
It is as it was, the last one of the Christ.
Right.
This is archaeology.
We got the casket, we got the bones, he told the star.
I think we can say in all probability, Jesus had this sun Jude.
Maybe that's where that Beatles song came from.
Hey Jude, it wasn't Jude law they were singing about.
It was Jesus' son, presumably through Mary Magdalene.
That was that name, Schumer Magdalene.
By way of, there we go.
DNA test conducted for the documentary, Lakehead University on two Osuaries, one inscribed Jesus' son of Joseph, the other Mary-Anne, Mary-Anne, or Mary, confirmed that the two were not related by blood, so were probably married.
Perhaps Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married as the DNA results from the tapioca Osuaries suggest, and perhaps their youth and was kept secret to protect a potential dynasty.
A secret hidden through all the ages, nearer to Ron White, says over, we enacted scenes of a happy Jesus and Mary home life.
Well don't tell me they were doing it, well I guess this was not another immaculate conception.
They were doing it.
A secret may just be able to uncover the Holy Family tomb.
He said the tomb was found in the tapioca neighborhood of Jerusalem during the construction of an apartment building in 1980.
And Al Goldstein said, use the apartment, use the apartment.
And nobody ever did.
Including Joe Castello wouldn't even know Al Goldstein.
I'll never forget that.
You're a good buddy Joe Castello. He's got some crispy, you know?
Am I right? About that episode or am I misreading that too?
I don't even know what you're talking about.
He was going to New York for whatever reason.
And you know, Al Goldstein was always saying to us, use the apartment, whether it was the one in New York, the one in Amsterdam,
and back when he had money before he went to jail and he ruined his life.
And Joe, I think called him and asked to use the apartment.
And of course Al didn't know him from Mexico. He had no idea who Al Goldstein was.
He sure had a foot in his foot, but you know what they say in Godfather 3?
Nobody wants another Joe.
Oh.
Except you know what they want another Joe? Starbucks. I'll cut a Joe.
What is the big deal with? I guess I'm a coffee guy.
You don't want coffee.
It's not that I don't like it. I can't drink it. I certainly like all the sweet and drinks that they sell on them.
But like I told you, like in the Eden Center they have a Starbucks like right in the middle of one of the floors.
And you can't read that menu. Maybe I should read in binoculars next time.
I said it's pretty good, you know, but I can't read the menu.
All those fruity drinks that you're talking me tell me how to get.
What loaded with sure. I know what you do how to get.
I know why you're doing that because you want to be in my will.
I'm going to keep saying Georgia ought to be in your will.
Just like when people start bringing a home a bunch of candy from all greens when I'm in Florida.
You know trying to get my blood sugar up to about 600.
Don't die.
A lot of people want to give it that will be before I decide to change it pretty soon.
729 votes on a pool. You know something Chris? I think it's my bad.
If I'd have really leaned on this baby, we could have got to 8.
You know, I mean 750 I think is a given.
Yeah.
I've got to play bill withers and lean on me.
Come and say cheese.
Ever wonder what happened to the British super group Oasis?
Lots of people thought they'd finally run out of ways to rip off the Beatles.
Not even close. Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before.
It's Oasis. Don't let it be.
Be United.
Back way.
Under one.
Oasis. Don't let it be. It gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredibly original songs like this.
I'd like to be.
Need the service of the ocean.
In and eight arms. Be creatures. Cultivation. That's with you.
Oasis. Don't let it be. You'll move it.
It will astound you. It will take John Lennon spinning his grave.
And at the conclusion.
The love you receive.
Is directly proportionate to the love.
You can win.
And look for no-galogers new solo LP.
Abbey Highway. On Stammer Records.
132.28. So, I said it wasn't this thing.
Fluid by here today was not too bad.
You know, I don't know about for you, but it was okay.
It was bad. It was really, really bad.
It was bad for you not because of the show, but because you're inhaling all those toxic fumes.
Yeah, it was there.
From all the taunting on the roof.
And nobody is doing anything about it.
Like maybe even bringing like a little see a fan or something.
Well, we opened the door. It made it a little bit better because it wasn't so bad out in the hall.
Boy, you are sure just full of misery and angst today, man.
And full of belly aching and whining.
And here I'm in such a great mood.
And I have one of the happy moods of my lifetime, I would say.
What?
Well, thanks a lot.
I'll screw you.
It's the first thing you asked me this morning, man, before you were getting on the radio.
No internet and this and that. How did you weekend go?
You people, I know, all this other good stuff.
I was sensational.
Gendolational man.
I was genuinely, you know, I wanted it to go well.
Well, let me just ask you this seriously.
Yes.
Because as you know, I've had, you know, my close good personal friends are always giving me advice in it.
And I'm not playing the name because I've been just, since the Jacob business all over everybody, including you,
like a crazy person.
But I don't even like that because I'm an old codger, man, in beginning and holding a young person's venue there.
That's right.
You're in prison world.
But what, what, what, what isn't that could go so wrong?
I don't understand when you understand something that just did.
That's just what I knew he was going to show up.
Why me little variable could have happened and that would have sent you for a loot compared to, you know,
based on the way that you've been acting lately.
Well, what that was that mean?
That means he could have been five minutes late.
That means something could have happened.
Any number of things that there would have been a nice call.
So, what do you think I got there earlier?
And I was like text messaging to make sure that he had the away then on the Hershey Highway.
And so, that's not an area any other sort of little thing that might have sent you into orbit considering the way that you've been.
Yeah, I got a whole thing for you.
But there was, there was no little thing.
There was no way.
I was just waiting was sensational.
I'm ecstatic.
Beyond my wildest dreams or expectations, that's how good it was.
I'm nipple twisting through.
I wouldn't go quite that far but never less.
I want you to know I kept my hands above the table at dinner the entire meal.
Okay, lunch.
I kept my hands above the table.
Everything was very above board as I say.
And your feet.
One time Florida International University professor Carlos Alvarez and his wife Elsa
supplied agents and cancerous government with classic intelligence information.
They went far beyond the harmless gossip the couple said they gathered on the Cuban Exile community.
Federal prosecutors said today.
On the eve of the couple's sudden things tomorrow, the US Attorney's Office disclosed for the first time
that the FBI obtained material from one of the Alvarez's home computers showing that rather than reducing their listed operation in the mid-90s,
they were still actively contacting the Cuban intelligence service.
In court papers filed today, prosecutors said it's sensitive details gathered from Slack Space on the Alvarez's computer,
showing that Carlos Alvarez prepared written reports on FBI President Modesto Medics' personal finances and private business ventures.
It redacted US government's study on the status of telecommunications in Cuba.
And others to the rescue leader Jose Basuelto, including an investigation jury continuing to let ties he's got to the CIA,
the Cuban American National Foundation and financial infrastructure is Bicardy.
And better be put, I like this anybody here.
Anybody here?
Oh, there's a biblical bone story.
Greater interest in studying more.
Oh yeah.
Let's dig up some more bone.
More about archaeology, more about history.
And I think that in terms of Christians, they're going to have to reevaluate the basis upon which they hold faith in Jesus.
Is it because of historical reasons or is it because of...
The salesman who pitched that story really good and they made a lot of people in offer they couldn't refuse.
That helped a lot.
That's why some things last through the ages because people didn't really have much of a choice, I guess.
736 votes, we need only 14 more for 750, which would be really easy.
Boy Chris, if you...
Now as you look back and right for a spectre, you see what you could have done here today?
You could have been a hero.
Ah-ha!
Am I right, couldn't you have been a big hero?
Uh-huh.
But because he's a little bit incoherent, of course I'm looking up and seeing if I got any dots.
I don't even have a clock back on here for Christ's sakes.
Oh, sorry, there's with a Jesus again.
I have nothing.
No dots.
I have nothing.
Don't bother me.
Don't forget to get to the Straight Vod Oklahoma City in the bombing, etc.
If I got time.
Don't forget.
Only about 600 pages.
She's at 200 pounds plus hugging machine, but her affection comes with a price.
Police are warning men about the hugging bandit who hardly embraces men coming out of downtown bars in Buffalo
and leaves them without a wallet.
Does the men say they've been victims?
Police say others are too embarrassed to admit it.
She doesn't just go up in a hug use to detect if a sergeant comes out of it.
She actually grabs them, tries to talk them into something more and there goes their wallet.
Like the gypsies that you were building a gun about.
Yup.
All the gypsies in the world met every way.
They're thick.
The hugging bandit's been striking for about the past decade, typically between two and four o'clock in the morning.
She uses the credit card she steals over the hours of her theft.
Just like those gypsies in Rome.
As far as I can tell, she waits until it's late at night and these guys coming out of the bars are tipsy Donovan said.
They're either going to go to their car or they're going to a hot dog vendor.
She makes sure that their ripper ring drunk is what she does.
Officers believe she's a 48-year-old buffalo woman they've arrested 17 times between 98 and 2005 for similar schemes,
as well as prostitution and criminal possession of stolen property.
At least to get a hug.
The most recent theft was early yesterday, a man told police a heavy-stab woman approached him for a sex.
When he said no, she gave Mahog and left with his wallet containing $25.
His driver's license and debit cards.
That sounds like my lunch meeting and I'm sadder to hear.
That's cute.
On Wednesday, police showed the man a photo where they included the woman suspected in the case the man admitted he was too drunk.
I remember her ass or the rest of her either.
Well, there it is.
The hugging bandit.
At least you get a little hug out of something, right?
Nothing wrong with the hug.
738 on a pole.
750 is a foregone contusion and unfortunately we're going to fall a little short.
What did I say when I came up with that 800 crat?
The good thing is we're streaming it baby.
We're streaming George's got the internet back.
I'm sure Chris doesn't have his.
Not that no.
It is?
Yes sir.
Mahog and I don't have my stuff here.
Oh, let me click that thing.
I don't know.
Why am I?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
How about if I reboot it one more time?
I'm on a new job.
I'm on a new job.
I'm so comfortable.
Can't hurt.
I'm sure it's not going to do anything.
So it's like a patchwork deal coming back in chunks, you know.
We'll pop away with it.
We'll face them hard as well tomorrow morning.
We'll pop you with it.
Hardcore.
Tomorrow morning.
I'm going to have some hardcore stuff.
I'm going to watch that.
21 till 2 at QAM.
And now, former vice president Al Gore on Global Warming.
This is former vice president Al Gore on Global Warming.
Take it from me.
The man who invented the internet.
The man who invented the mock turtleneck.
And the man who invented the chia pet.
The frithly and chocolatey toco puffs.
We are in trouble.
People laughed at me when I first spoke of Global Warming.
But who's laughing now?
I am sick to death of hearing meter of allologists.
Say to weather patterns have been caused by El Nino, which in Spanish, means little bully.
How could a small child be responsible for changes in the worldwide weather?
I've seen little boys stop Joe Pesci from rubbing their house.
But I have never seen them accurately forecast at mphuric abnormalities.
My innovative ideas were featured in the full length motion picture and titled the
Inconvingian Truth.
Admittedly, it was a two-hour PowerPoint slideshow presentation, but I have been nominated
for an Oscar.
Apparently, the Academy was awestruck by my keyboard stroking.
I have already selected a prime piece of real estate on my mental piece for that baby.
It'll go right next to my Boy Scout of the Year award, which I won at age 39.
The ice caps are disintegrating at an alarming rate, sort of like Barack Obama's chances of becoming Preston.
The ice sheets in Greenland are spoke of in my movie, and the sudsiquit melting thereof are akin to
an El Nino in the sud with an alpotsicle.
People need to listen to me.
We need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere and grow more plants and treats.
I suggest starting with marijuana, which I personally do not smoke.
Though many people have attributed my flow in deliberate speech pattern and lazy eye to being a pah-ha.
Trust me when I tell you, my irritating tunnel quality and monotone delivery are inherently mine.
In conclusion, trust the word of me, the 45th vice-president of the United States will not tell you.
Should we continue on our current path?
We are screwed.
A solution for the schoolable warming problem can be found in a lock box in my home in Nashville, Tennessee.
I alone possess the single key to unlock the box.
Though you can get your own key, by taking up the inconvenient truth on DVD, now available at Best Buy, Circus, City, Amazon.com, or Ralph's Snatch and Grab, located in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
I want to school with Ralph.
He used to beat me about the head and face with his metal Scooby-Doo lunch tail.
I got him back by sleeping with his life at a key party in 1973.
And since that time, we have become fast friends.
It's time to take responsibility for the world we live in and stop blaming that kid from Mexico.
Former vice-president Al Gore now runs and maintains a build-a-bear workshop at the Stone River Mall in Murphy's, Burrow, Tennessee.
He is completely crazy.
750, two votes. I told you we make the 750.
Oh, easy! And if we just go to about 230, we can probably make the 800.
Or we're not going to do that.
New Oklahoma City revelations spotlight FBI involvement in the bombing.
New claims by Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols that Tim McVeigh was being steered by a high level FBI official
I supported by a plethora of evidence that Prus McVeigh did not act alone, and that authorities had prior warnings,
and were complicit in the bombing of the Alfred P. Murat building.
The Salt Lake City Tribune reported on last week Wednesday.
Hey, don't forget to read that Oklahoma City bombing story.
Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols has a high ranking FBI official apparently was directing Tim McVeigh in a plot to blow up a government building,
and might have changed the original target of the attack, going to a new affidavit filed a new ass district court in Utah.
The official and other conspirators are being protected by the federal government and a cover-up to escape its responsibility for the loss of life in Oklahoma.
Nichols claims in a February 9th affidavit documents that supposedly held back up his allegations have been sealed to protect information in them,
such as social security numbers and data birth.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Utah had no comment on the allegations.
The FBI and Justice Department of Washington DC also declined comment.
Another report that this morning news named the FBI agent Larry Pots, with that information is now been sealed by the court.
Pots was no stranger to any government confrontations.
Having been the lead FBI agent at Ruby Ridge 92, which led to the shooting death of Vicki Weaver, the wife of separatist Randy Weaver.
Pots also reportedly was involved in the 51-day siege of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas, 93, which resulted in that fire that killed 81 Branch Davidian followers.
I remember being on here at IOD that day, remember that thing?
Yeah.
When they threw all the crap in there, the tear gas and stuff and the fire started and all those people were inside and they were like, I'll go in like, I'm dying over here!
Pots retired from the FBI under intense pressure and criticism for the cover-up of an order to allow agents to shoot anyone seen leaving the Weaver cabinet Ruby Ridge.
McVeigh said he believes Pots was manipulating him and forcing him to go off script, which I understood meant to change the target of the bombing, Nichols said.
The affidavit was found in lawsuit brought by Attorney Jesse Trentedou, whose brother Kenneth was tortured and beaten to death in Oklahoma City Federal Prison.
In 2005, authorities claim printed to had committed suicide, but he was being held in a suicide proof cell at the time and autopsy photos of his body showed he had been shocked with a stun gun, bruised, burned, sliced, and then hung.
Oh, he was hung.
Jesse Trentedou was a mass-definance that his brother was mistaken for one of Tim McVeigh's alleged bombing accomplices and attempting to begin to talk Federal agents went too far and then tried to instigate a cover-up of the murder.
Just like 9-11, the official story of the Oklahoma City bombing that McVeigh acted alone carrying out the attack using a fertilizer truck bomb is calculated by a plethora of eyewitness accounts as well as physical and circumstantial evidence.
For example, in early year of 95, a writer truck identical to one used in the bombing was filmed by a pilot during an overflight of an area near Camp Gruber Brags, Oklahoma, a June 1797 Washington Post article authenticates the photos as being exactly what they appear to be.
Photos of a writer truck at a clandestine base at Camp Gruber Brags, by were the military in position of a writer truck housing a remote clandestine army base days before the bombing.
In a 93-lettered-to-assistim, if they claimed that he was approached by military intelligence and had joined any elite squad, the government paid assassins.
If they often commented for themselves and changed the story on a whim, they fit in with the latest government version of events.
Is the camp graft-in-footage evidence of a grazen romance in such a clandestine program?
Multiple reports of Arabs of the scene assisting with a favor ignored in surveillance, textual withheld under national security.
The likely reason for this was the fact that Bush, senior and Clinton were responsible for bringing in nearly a thousand Iraqi soldiers captured by US forces during the 91 Persian Gulf War, some of whom were involved in the bombing.
The FBI claimed that they scoured the Alfred P. Murat building weeks before the bombing, and yet on the morning of the attack he stopped at a local gas station to ask directions, lending credibility to the new claims that he was being controlled by other conspirators, and that the target of the bombing had been changed.
Original reports of two explosions and several failed devices being diffused by bomb squads were buried by the establishments the official explanation of the V-A act that the loan was punished.
Scientific analysis conducted by General Benton K. Parton revealed core columns were blown out from within the building, and that extensive damage to the Alfred P. Murat building was completely inconsistent with the explanation of a single and relatively weak fertilizer truck bomb.
Many eyewitnesses reported the bomb squads in full reaction gear were seen around the building immediately before the blast.
Police officer Terence Yikki, who well-saved dozens of victims, was once such witness, Yikki compiled extensive files of his observations, but was later filed with throat and wrist slashed, having also been shot in the head after he told friends he was being followed by authorities.
I guess he just a coincidence, huh?
They always are.
They always are. There's a whole lot more to that, and you can find it on our website, neowargers.com.
758 votes. What a shame. What a wicked web we weave when we practice to deceive whatever the hell that means. 758. On the last day of my life, I want to go out and having the best damn blank I ever enjoyed. Sex 267.
That's it.
Three way 138 sounds a little sexual to me.
Wicked weed 55 65. See after the sex it's way down. Wait on a list. Wicked weed 65. Acacia no trip 63.
I sure hope you're you've already arrived there on that day. Not just leaving. Oh, look at that. I hate this pulls up to 62 8.1% as the momentum continues coming on.
You think you got stuff coming through your events dream or fantasy 44 party 39, ball movement 39.
I mean, why is that? I guess if you've been constipated for like three years like my mother for 50 years pizza 16 stupid choice.
Pizza meal nine meals a good choice, but it's not doing all I could drink five cigar five ice cream four and P the best P of ever two.
Oh, man, like like just like it has like a flood over South Florida.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Well while the night was going so hard to forget the time you told us during the weekend when you first And during the first weekend
No.
Get the chair or instead will he get life to me?
I've annoyed about the USA.
I heard a rumor that he might be gay and according to my 48.
I hate the government just as much as most of you.
Absolutely.
But I'm not even a rent for what have so low IQ.
Oh, my shaman.
Most of them are doing 8 to 10.
They can't have their weapons in the pen.
Well, Tim, make way.
Be joining them.
Oi!
Bye, bye, bye!
