By the you first
Or say patty's day bottoms up
There's a bunch of queers again this year who say that Irish to
God loves the aeush and let's of course your gay if you are you off the margin a puns in patty's day
No can be a bum a bucket of scum sure and that's okay
But you can't be a you should your gay
No, you're on a high-mournions those him and insist great I've delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day
What you're going straight to help a homosexuality
Oh come loves the aeush as long as men have been
The cars we've never been sure of their
And these things in drunken herl and chunks will laugh it all away
But you can't be a you should your gay
Oh, you can't be a you should you gay
Don't even try be a name a ship to gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay gay
gay a vac is they see me try to say no to how about you pardon what are you trying to say with them?
I don't know what I'm trying to say you can't be
Any a saint patty's day parade if you're some screaming flaming fag. That's what I'm trying to tell you
This has Timmy hardaway. He'll tell you know Timmy good old Timmy. He may I hate gay people
He wore a jockstrap old Timmy, you know, this is the jockstrap station, baby
I was trying to print out the thing that very jackass wrote this morning about how QA must have been very intensive
Disgressions to try to get the dolphin broadcast back and of course the ticket is still you know trying to
Hang on they're squeezing it. Well, it's hope they do and Mr
Of systemry maddets says he wants to be back on the broadcast if we get the games. Oh right
Nothing I mean there's nothing really and I don't think Jim Sarni writes a regular column for the Sun sent no anymore
If you google Jim Sarni on a sent cell website it says what?
What who yeah
And then you tell me I want to find out what he wrote and they'll say
Well, anybody want to know what that old toad wrote but in any rate
It's a Friday nothing wrong with that March 16th and we're all saying panties that we survived the eyes of March yesterday
Nothing really special happened nobody got nobody got knife. I guess today nobody I know stabbed stabbed in the back probably somebody did somewhere but
A lot of that stuff going on going on here the drilling yeah, I do I was just gonna ask you what's all that racket vibrating it
I don't know what they're telling us man. I thought it was college hoops. We got tennis going on
Maybe we got a real racket a Q.I.M. Which of course that's what I got a real racket
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday. Well, I'll tell you
Charlie B. Oh first I got to tell Chris. They're happy 30th birthday Chris somebody on the
Myspace want to meet a wish it's not the Chris you know or I know but it's some
And also they want to be say hey Chris you're fair like that see how I have bled we have 268 friends in Myspace
I have a little advice by the way about Myspace a little a little bit. You know what I mean? Yeah
Well, it knows if it all depends on what you're doing on there if you're just dealing around that's fine
If you're looking to like meet somebody to make a friend or an acquaintance or like get late or something like that
If the other person on there is evasive and doesn't want to give you very much information like even the
Town that they live in or much less like a last name or a phone number something like that
I would just take it with a green assault and probably like delete them immediately. You know if they don't want to uh
That that's just my suggestion
You know what I'm saying what do you say?
Because they're just too many a it's an anonymous thing. It's an anonymous
Who's
Makes people are forthcoming anyone to give you like a real name and this and that that's anyway Charlie B
He was very apologetic
Yeah
This is a good pull somebody said and this is great
But what are you apologizing child? So some of your pull suck? That's okay. A lot of our pull suck too
We're getting paid to do this stuff
So just because the one yesterday was weak. I mean we did wind up with the whole bunch of votes. How many like um, let's see
1400 all right
Today's pull is terrible to a court of the audience. I think today's pull is fine
And yet I hate this pull is when the hands down your pants. It's not even close way out in front of all the rest
I hate this pull because the flow is just full of hate and you know what I understand
If you're trapped in a outdoor septic tank and outdoor assess pool like stuff, but in actually you're probably going to be a little more
Hostile than the run of the mill schmuck running around on the loose
This is a good pull somebody said in this one might be good for uh front for uh what what day is it for over the weekend?
Well, no, don't tell me that this other one is gonna stay up all the way over the weekend
See I get ahead of myself on these now. I realize the one that's on it right now is the Friday pull it stays up there through the weekend
I might change this on I don't know
Sooner sooner rather than later
When Neil show ends early because of marlin's baseball I
Listen every second of the baseball broadcast smash my radio with a hammer sitting in dark room and pout
Taking that because I'm usually exhausted after Neil show anyway. Play my best in the LCDs
Switch to the sports hole station across the street work on my fantasy league roster
Pray that the marlin's via slow painful death listen to rush listen to magic listen to power
Turn off my radio until it's time for Neil's next show or read the bible there you go
Pray for us to come back when that marlin game comes on man
Well, you know what I haven't gotten any assistance on because I'm trying to get some Chicago tourist information
Here for a friend of mine who's making this first trip. I haven't been there in about 400 years. I love Chicago
It's a great city
But the pizza I asked this the other day and the pizza thing. I'm not getting any uh
Yeah, I mean you can go online and I've done that
And you can read all those reviews, but I'd like to you know hear from like the living and breathing person
Maybe a fax would be good. Okay. Maybe we'll get some calls. I you know, I have no
Because the list that I've got Lou Melnotties, which has been there for like five generations
I guess Jordanos which is uh
Geordonos is great
But I'm told that the lines are like around a block all the time to get in that joint
Geno's east pizza. We know all which everybody rates real high
But I'm told that pizza. We have dwee which is the same one in rock cross-free this much better
And Chicago pizza oven grind remember we had to call about that the other day. Yes. It's like pizza in a bowl
Pizza in a bowl. Hmm. So that's the list I've got so far. Maybe we'll get some advice on that from some people who maybe from Chicago or whatever
You know will you all the most of the Midwest people around the west coast of Florida?
We've obviously got a few out there, but nevertheless. Oh today is the right day today is Friday right
I want to double check before are we this today's Friday
BSO deputies will conduct the UI saturation patrols tonight
8.30 p.m. until 5.30 a.m.
in uh areas of dear field beach pompano beach and open park rock solid. No, I was going to go
In pair drivers will be identified in d.w. I was going to be actively enforced that's tonight from a 30 to 5.30
Mar morning if you're going to be driving around plaster drunk off your ass or just uh, you know
Have it like a big fat one in the airstrain not a good idea to be doing that in dear field beach pompano beach or open park
Tonight till 5.30 in morning 5.30 morning like come out and just have a wild blast. Okay. Here's the um
Full result from yesterday
Come to QA and hello. Hey, oh good morning. I'm from
I'll be down here for eight years. Rosadis is a real good spin truck
Rosadis Rosadis is good at the franchise with a spin truck and then you when you were in Chicago down by
Comiskey market stuff. There's no home run in pizza is very good too. What is it?
Home run in pizza home run in yeah, but those are very
Pizza from Chicago. Okay, I'll run right in thanks a lot. Tell us here you go right off the bat
That's why I punched that up because he was like a huh
You knew that although we weren't at Comiskey park we were a wriggly field but never less than since ones on north side and ones on the south side
But nevertheless home run in and Rosadis sounds a real small-sie man sounds a good
Too bad I can't eat no pizza, you know
And even if I got one probably the pizza thief would come and steal it unwittingly
Here's the pull from yesterday and again. This was a Charlie B's. I guess and I don't was this one of his
I don't know what he's apologizing for. Of course he's got plenty to apologize today's whatever
Anybody that works as feverishly as that guy to send us like a half a dozen pulls almost every day
Don't be apologizing for nothing Charlie. That's right. What I mean? We don't look a pull horse in the mouth
That's for show
Embarrassingly I don't know and then we got a bunch of other blanks to fill in. I know the answers to all these
970 69.2% great Americans who know their crap who think they do I hate this pull
153 10.9%
Embarrassingly I don't know the words to the star-spangled banner 102
Jose can you see you still don't have Jose Felicia? No not that one
Well, why not not out there? Well, what do you mean? Not that one? What do you mean? I like my friends?
Nav your dad and like my fire. Feliz Nav your dad. Yeah. Well, I hope they let him go after cool them out a little
You got like my fire. I got like my father. I'm not talking about by the dough was anybody can play the doors with
There we go. He's so good. Jose Felicia
Whatever happening is he still alive? I think he has hands together folks in prayer. He's got a beautiful wife
Does he really? Have you seen her?
No, he hasn't even I know that's exactly which we're gonna you are so bad. It's such a tasteless little spig man
I think I don't think there's any doubt you're gonna burn in hell. They're gonna roast you and toast them to whatsoever and have you for lunch
You know that it would be untrue. It would be untrue
So great
Are you start with the door? I know that was the door. I could close the wire line
Okay, that's enough
Embracing that I don't the answers to several of these 74 those people ought to be deported immediately probably some of your folks
You know the banana boat crowd are you kidding me? Hey, let's play banana boats. Listen by
Americans are
Embracing me. I don't know where Iraq is on a map 37 and I'll see if most of these people would be honest
They couldn't find a wreck if you're stuck in a oozy way inside don't that's right
Iraq my ass. That's what they would say and probably that might be there too the way things are going over there
They're asked is probably a better shaped in Iraq
And I'm vercing it on with answers to any of these 16 who are nations capital is named for 13
I'm sure it's hb countenborn
Who was president before w9 that's the flage of leads is nine
How many states there are in union six what sides fought in the civil war four
What are your American eclarities independence for how many stars there are on the fact flag three
14 emperivodes on yesterday's insipid idiotic qa empol
justice
That's absolutely
No, I really miss my time better start that over again. Okay, I got this liner to read
Join the qm street team today from noon to two with the Verizon wireless store at 100 South Fisk and Boulevard in downtown Miami
Stop by to win prizes and get autographs from me. He's dancers baby
They'll sign it for you in a lot of graph two they'll write right on
Just extend the hand the hand of friendships
There's like the hand of friendship in El Sin
They'll say where do I be signing the thing? Oh right over here
Oh
You see she's not very smart. You're here
You might even see her go down
She will always be have dress
hair and meet the rest
possibly the fool around
She just came on to say
How one small handy care
Maybe hit show on TV
Better lie
Maybe you heard you
Mine
What an Aussie eating thought that is 10 17 and 5 60 WDQM in fact
They either one of them now becoming Aussie eating thought maybe she's trying to catch up with him
I guess once upon a time she was considered so desirable and so luscious and delicious and now fat
Their line
Anyway, and you know this thing that I'm asking it seems like a fairly simple question
I'm sure we've got a lot of Chicago people out there and people who have spent a lot of time in the city
But it's I'm not just looking to have a list of names of places you can do that in the yellow pages
You know just open up to pizza in the yellow pages
I'm trying to find out which other really you know maybe three or four really absolute best
By test because it's been I think I said yesterday it's the last time I was there was uh that
Cubs thing that we did, you know, were they like you stay there for about 10 minutes and they sent your ass back
Right well they were afraid you might actually have a good time. They don't want to go to that no
716 votes out of the days pool. I guess we got a thousand made
I was a little worried about it because they they despise this pool that they they hated like poison
I don't know why I don't think there's anything wrong with it. No, maybe this doesn't have enough dumb expressions on it
I think it's fine just fine
The dumbest expression that people say is and I hate this pool is winning 164
23% of the audience hates this pool today
Boy talk about surly
One thing to go to Florida get the early bird we get the surly bird on this show WQ I am hello
Hey
Yes sir
South side of Chicago
Magic dick on the lick and stick
Okay moving along 716 votes the dumbest expression I hate this pool 23% 164
Two shakes of a lamb's tail 109
I'm picking a poke 79 I voted for two shakes of a lamb's tail so did you I get?
Hate that I say it all the time but
That's why I hated I guess I'm picking a poke 79 yeah poke this
How about poke salad Annie oh don't play that again. I hate that
Reminds me of that pofolks, you know
It's that whole illiterate kind of southern deep south illiterate mentality. Oh, y'all come back now
Like that I hate that never stole a freight train 64 lick of East split 61
In the coons age 58 now does that have kind of like racist overtones or something or what?
I don't know a feather in your cat 25
Well, no, I mean what does that mean in a coons age? How will the raccoons live to?
I don't know about the sloth. I haven't heard that in a coons age. What does that mean a feather in your cat 45 never heard a dumb expression 40
Right. Why is that even on there?
But that is a door nailed 40 dumb as dirt 20 as the crow flies 16
Haha a crow he flew right out the door of the crow five six seven
Oh
Apes five sixty oh god
Wet my whistle 14 or everybody wants to wet their whistle a whistle and a hop-skipping a jump has got 12 out of 723
Chris, I think you can rest easier. I think we will make the thousand although not you know
It's not gonna be another one of those record breaking days like Monday Q. I. M. Hello
Oh, I am yes, sir wonderful. Oh god W. Q. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M.
Hey, yeah, how you doing? I'm doing. I got one for your poll
Um, how about the dick bushing chainy for president?
Oh for that's pretty dumb expression
Wow
Did you ever just want to like put your head in your hands and cry for hours?
I was blowing my nose in that. Oh good. That's probably much much more entertaining
So honestly, how is that? I mean did they let you out on Fridays only or what is it?
They've sneak the telephone in under the under the door. They have the phone. They have phones in the
Who's going in and yeah
WQ. I. M. Hello
Neil yes, sir for the poll good to go
Good to go. Yeah, how about hot to go? I hate that. I hate go. Okay. Good. Thank you
You hate it. He hates it. Good to go. Let's add that one on it. All right. I think that's why they hit the poll
We just don't have enough stupid expressions on there
How about back in the day? Okay, well, I've been both on there I've put them both on there
Because I think they're both like kind of contemporaneous if he asked me whatever the hell that means back in the day
Good to go. Yeah back in the day everybody was good to go
Not no mole WQ. I. M. Hello good morning. Yeah, sir. When is the
Wednesday? I went for your poll if you want to put on really care of it
Well, how about the expression you were in my shoes
If you were in my shoes, yeah, like you and my shoes would be pretty damn busy in there
I'll tell you that be crowded. I have a good one. It's rainy tail in Florida. I wish I was in Toronto. How good when you?
It's it's murky. It's not raining. It's murky and you know
It's gonna snow later this afternoon again
I guess this is gonna be the last place because I noticed a predicting for next week one day 63 another day 65 to which I say
All right
What's wrong with that? Because once once the temperature warms up into machines that would buy and warm up too
Anybody buying that? Anybody believe it? No including me no chance
WQ. I. M. Hello
Yes
WQ. I. M. Hello
How about why do you continue to hate?
What is this Reverend jobs? Oh, isn't why not listen
Give me a little bit of credit. Okay WQ. I. M. Hello
Hey, I don't want for you, Paul. Yeah, you know what I mean?
You know what I mean. Yeah, I do I say that all the time. You know what I mean? We all say it that it's
Time it stopped
Yeah, let's stop saying that right now stop saying you know what I mean? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Yeah
That's not a stupid expression huh
Is that 130 down votes on the pool
Leprechaun speed trap net Florida drivers there's some good to stuff some people send in this morning already which is good
I don't want to read a bunch of boring news stories about how the world is coming to banana chicken littles running around going
I know bananas
30 Q.Y. M. Hello
Neil yes, I got one for you. Yeah
Let's make it snappy
Get out of here make it snappy snappy. It's okay. That's a dumb expression make it snappy
Well, that's pretty dumb, but who the hell anybody say that?
I'll put it on make it snappy put put a mall on there
Let's put five thought then at least it'll bring the percentage if I hit this pulled on 120 percent
We right now. It's 22.7 percent which is really bad that that makes you feel really bad almost unclean
You know like I'm gonna go take another shower with my body wash
In the fact that there are still people using soap in the shower that is so aggravating to me
It just makes me want to just just squat and do a any norms number run my carpet here that we wouldn't be too happy
But I just makes me want to do stuff like that. Well, what is wrong with people?
You know
When there's so much it's not like it's expensive to buy body wash
You know you can buy a bottle of body wash for a couple of bucks up
But it's not like real expensive, you know plus
well
You know
I mean why am I defending why do I have to like give these people instructions on life?
You know how to get out of bed in the morning how to breathe you know, yeah inhale. Yeah exhale
Yeah, go to the back fully
You know breathe real heavy or like a pillow Riley billo maybe billo and
Mark foling it into a heavy breathing contest that would be entertaining
WQ a m hello
How about what you got or you're off the chain
WQ
WQ a m hello
Hey, I got a go for you for what about uh
God willing there's something like that, you know, we're good the good lord willing
That's right. Okay. I like the one that goes
Willing and believe me he is if what you got is good. He's willing believe you me
By as that all we're gonna do days get stupid expressions for the poll
Yeah, not that I care it's fine with me. We can do it all the way up to two o'clock
Is this poll is gonna be on our all weekend long?
Over down to 22.6% hate the poll
A festival of hate that's life in South Florida. You know 31 years plus plus uh 15 days now
At every day I can smell it man
You can smell the hate in the year and I just asked myself what uh is it all about why why why is there so much
Why are these people so filled with nausea and disgust and just hatred and content for anything and everybody else
Anything that's breathing anything that's even the blades of grass
They like go out of their way to step on not just step on the grasses. They're walking
But like you know crunch it in with the shoe, you know like you're putting out a cigarette. Yeah, how people do that?
Squash it. Squash it and like dig it into their guy. Just oh get it get it
That's what they want
Of course, who don't want to get it W.A.M. Hello
Neil yes, sir
At the end of the day
That's the end of the day. Oh, I hate that one. Yeah at the end of the day
Oh, I do the hell what yeah, but just thought a one that I go ahead and stand
I don't even know what it means in your heart of hearts. Oh, I really love all the walkers. Let's get just like these people
Let's start hating. I hate that right like what does that even mean at the end of the day. Yeah
There's some radio person who like oh, you know who it is built-hanner used to say really
She would she would always be in the way and I still gave what what and he just said at the end of the day
I don't know. I guess that's when he was trying to explain to me at least the the checks clear in this place
Even though this is back in the beginning. You know, I thought other days full of crap and back in the day
And they were not good to go, you know
750 on the pole
Well Greg read was never good to go. That's what I that's what scurrying told me
750 votes on the polls. Isn't it amazing the tremendous turnover we've had
Since we had a regime change you got no more scurrying no more water Nazi no more mole. How are you still around?
She's working for power now. Who is scurrying? She made a comeback. Yeah, that's right
I'm just saying all of all the Greg's buddies that like she's over power because he's over there now
That's right. She's over in the side of building to be close to Greg
So all of these people have vanished kind of like most of the audience too
Oh
Well, that's my soul was wrong with me
Because of 100 bucks to film my SUV
The price of unleading keeps you going up my car
I can't feel a
Yeah
My hand shake the amony is a week
I have to walk to work on my own to be
Is she for just a call?
Talk truckers my car
I can't feel a
Yeah
Oh ways on as it was all my my guess prices are up cost to 29
There's no more joy around no money left
These opaque guys they stand me to death across the land. We should all boy cut this higher price and
They make it stop all this makes me just want to throw up because my car
I can't feel a
Huh
Oh
I can't feel a okay 1033 at 560 WDQ and don't forget you're on the QM street team
Today in fact pretty soon the whole staff is going to be the street team of things keep going the way that they're now under jolly joe
Huh, huh? Yeah, we're all gonna be out on the street least you are anyway
I'll be here in the comfy confines of my nice Toronto apartment no
Noteworthy the QM street team will be a thief arrives in wireless store
100 south-fisk and build a bar in downtown Miami stop out of when prizes which you can only begin to imagine what those might be and
Get out of ratch from the heat dancers just extend the Atlanta hand apprenticeship and they'll sign it for you
So Brandon says who's under the weather day feel better or take a couple of BC powders, man
Is that what you do in the south when you know feel anywhere else you take like an alky seltzer, you know
Right or after a BC powder and ask Bern or I hate that anyway. He suggests first time long time
Okay, see when you people call and say first time learning or
First time caller long time listener. I don't know how you want to put it down
But even when see nobody cares nobody cares. It's not interesting. It's no
It's just it's a no consequence to anybody just say something that's what you know, you know, but you'll see wqa.m. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes
Hey, how's the weather up there in Canada? It's a toasty man. It's about 30 oh yeah, I like that. I like matching cold weather
Yeah, or is the crappy place to live nice
Look at us your brain man. I know I know I had everybody there right
Um listen, I got two for you
One on cloud one is I'm on cloud nine
Yeah with the tentations right right and uh who farted
Who farted yeah
Uh-huh, okay, like you said Florida's a terrible place to live look at old duty. I don't think
Sharp is a knife. No, I've had nobody said sharp as a tack is what we'll say not sharp as sharp as a tack
And first time long time also a brand that says kick it an old school
What that's a good one. That's a good one. Kick it an old school. See that goes right in line with what were the other ones about good to go
yeah, and um
Whatever, yeah, it's all part of the same lingo part of the same generation of goofballs, you know who come up with this stuff
Well back oh it's back in the day. Hey every generation has their stupid expressions
What is it every generation has its stupid? I'm not doubting that I'm just telling you that
This is the generation that kind of came up with this particular group 22 SKDU daddy. Oh, let's cut a rug
I think he's mad at you know
You know something where there's an old expression
I think that sums it up really well where there's no sense there's no feeling you know what I mean
Well, they're all sent to you feeling yeah
But let's try it anyway
I
Delted and he felt it
Okay, how are we doing on the numbers on there and I pull us all we care about seven no 89 see
769 excuse me okay carried away
Valerie plain my Wilson is there and uh, boi but she's a lot of bad-looking lady when he showed me no she's all right
She gets towards her place where it's made to go she was how does it come only man my right?
She knows how to kill you like 25 different ways. Yeah, the C.I. The outed C.I. operative wrote a lot of people have been outed
Okay, speaking of that let's get back to the leopard kind of what we can't because look at the phones
You're just smoking now, baby. They're smoking it
Friday so they're smoking W.I.M. Hello. Well that one's good Q.I.M. Hello
Yes, how about anything that urban
Jarvis anything that anything that's urban or like drop it like it's hot any of that crap
Yeah crap
Craft is the word man. I think you're talking about all that urban rap. Yeah, that's what he's trying to get at
WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, a meal is one if we forgot to answer your poll and I don't know how we're going to be one we forgot okay
Yes, and that's uh the expression out here almost every day and that
Uh, hold on to what you got to you get what you want. No, yeah
Hold on to what you all got who used to say that on the year?
Who's the one who used to say that oh you know where you used to say that's right
Mikey
Mike winner you say that at the end of the short video
God tell you get when you all got that's a score it's great right
774 votes. Well, there's never they were trying to get hold there trying to hold on it until late. Well, whatever
774 on the poll we'll get that thousand day by uh by hooker by crook. That's another stupid expression by hooker by crook
On there. All right. We'll do it. Oh, it's not on there
We'll put it on there. Oh my crook. That's how we'll do it too
Here's the lineup today, man. We got mad dog at two
Power hour with mad dog only at four because I see it. I don't know my clearance does that
You know, why can't you just say jimmanage two to five the humbers on here today then we got gildi
At five tough loss for the panthers last night. They blew the lead twice. They lost to Buffalo
I told you it smelled like a loss to me and it was five three right there in a macarena
And I watched a little bit of that game. I saw so many
Saber fans man looked like the game was in Bufalo
I just couldn't believe it and then toward the end of the game is they were counting down the last seconds of the game
The crowd was screaming and carrying on like
Like it was the home team was gonna win five to three. I don't know what the hell's going on in that joint
But nevertheless like I said the whole cut panthers hockey. That's an oxymoron
No playoffs again this year. I'm awfully sorry
And the marlins in the medicine Jupiter at 6.50 night Eddie came from Vegas after the baseball game
That's always a big ratings builder those marlin games especially the ones right there in the middle of the daytime
Let's pull it on about eleven o'clock sounds good to me
Can you imagine the pressure pack power a half hour? We could do from 1038 to 11
We got 22 minutes to go that would be good
WQ I am hello
Yeah
Yes sir you're forgetting forget about it is yeah everybody in the brother
You know you know another one that they say now because of the soprano is because they ripped off all the godfather stuff
Forget about it is one and
We're just about a being
About it
Yeah forget about it right about a being done an expression
It's a it's a it's a void right and the
Spend of the name of a strip club
Yeah, I don't really care okay. I'm really interested in the sopranos
I know everybody says oh you've got to watch you just such a good father thing like you know something it's nothing about father
Okay, it ain't no godfather. It's not supposed to be well that good
I don't need to watch it because it's just a bunch of over acted the tag in over emotional hysterical like you know
It's hanging drama queens is what it is and I wish I could play some of those droppings that we used to play
We can't play it normal. Yeah, I did watch South Park last night. It must have been the wrong episode
Well, they played two of them back to back a repeat in the new one. I saw the one about the planetarium
Yeah
Okay, I was funny planetarium
That was the the old zone and then you should wait for the next one
Was that supposed to be really funny because it wasn't no it wasn't the one that I was telling you oh
Oh, I like the fact that Carpman got the um
He he well he didn't actually win the thing but he got the end of the finals doing the
The doodles or whatever that the cheesy puffs poofs or whatever right. It's the one where I got this on I love right week
Yeah, oh there are all the lines were in that
779 boats on the pool. Here's what we got so far the dumbest expression people say I hate this pool
Still got 22 for some but coming down 172 two shakes of a lambs hill 119
Picking a poke 83. Yeah poke this
Never stole a freight train 71
Look at the split 63 which of course a lot of you guys are thinking oh, we know what that means ha ha ha yeah right ever do
No comment in a kounz age 63 a feather in your crab a cat 46 never heard a dumb expression 42 idiots
That is a doornale 41 dumbest dirt 21 as the crow flies 16 went my whistle 15 how about wet my beak like Don Faneuchi
Uh what my whistle's hop skip and a jump 13 in the heart of and your heart of hearts for you know what I mean for
Huh you know what I mean? Huh? Huh? Huh? What do you mean? I don't know first time cover long time listener three that just drives me up the wall
I want to climb I want to do like plastic spastic man or spider-man and climb up the wall
Back in the day three good to go with three at the end of the day two
By hooker by crook make it snappy and if you were in my shoes
Those who got the big old so far to 74 almost 800 votes already run a rule
Let's see
Just about air week ass connected with sports love to use expression he or she is in control of their own destiny
That's that's not good. It says well if one could control destiny wouldn't be destiny would it?
Well, yeah, it says maybe the dumbest sports expression could be a subcategory or separate pool. Oh, yeah
He takes it to the hole well. I open up some avenues. I guess I do you
Last night my uncle Tony joined my wife and kids at the olive tree restaurant now my uncle Tony
He's an Italian cuisine connoisseur if it ain't perfect
He's not happy now
I couldn't believe it when he said the chicken parmesan was the best he'd ever tasted
Plus he kept raven about the free breadsticks and all the salad you could eat my uncle Tony
Recommends you come down to the olive tree because when you're here you're family and by that
I mean you know in the family like last night this couple was done eating right and they were
Walking out and my uncle says where you going and they say we're heading not to see a movie and Tony says huh, huh
Not until you head down to the four eighth club and put a hit on a
Pobo moroni and these people freaked out right they start laughing because they didn't realize my uncle was serious
And then once you eat at the olive tree you're in the family, right?
So Tony stands up and he says what's so funny?
Do I am news you am I some kind of clown or something?
Then he takes a steak knife right and he starts sticking this guy and he's sticking him right
Well anyway the meal was great the olive tree restaurant when you're here your family forever
Right 1047 least for a half hour at least still
They bring the wheel to the table like I get said them cork out of the bottle
I still keep thinking about Celetto and that exasperated look like you know you ever gonna get that thing
Open seeing get out of here. We can talk. You know. What's wrong with you?
Somebody fasses this in I don't think you do one of these qualify
I found it in the last place I looked
I mean that is stupid. It's a stupid thing to say because obviously
Yeah, I if you if you found it then wherever you found it that was the last place you look even if it was the first place you looked
It still was the last place you look I thought it the second to the last place I looked oh, well that's good
The least it wasn't the very last I hate when that happens and then and says love. He's a sharp as a cue ball
See this is this is an expressions for goyam
Because the way it's really said sharp as a mozza ball as the way it said or the way that most the Gentiles would say sharp as a
marble not sharp
Hello you
Huh great you're cutting out
What do you mean by that? Well that you were talking and then you weren't now you are again
Yeah, well how many times that happens? So just one all my lights are all just relax. Okay, you get so damn it
I don't even know about it. It's like what you tell me yesterday about the bokeh about chicken neck
The station has and paintings and why don't have any paintings anywhere whenever the hell was that?
To grand in our rear as he says there what like two thousand dollars behind
Well, I a guy like him can't afford to be too grand in or in your ears. I know
My god when you people gonna get with it
And one hell of this is this audience you know I have had one call or one fax about the Chicago pizza
Which is okay? I guess you know the best way to do it when you go somewhere you try yourself then you find out
Because everybody in their brother can give you all kinds of suggestions and tell you this but a beat but a book
Although it would be nice to get a few pointers like if you're going to Rome
I'll tell you about my favorite trot 3 and my favorite pizza rear in Rome
On the Prince of E Amadeo via Prince of E Amadeo
Well, what a great trot 3 imagine. I just love that place. In fact if I if I wait like 130 pounds if I was underweight
Not diabetic. I would just get on a plane right now and go there and just man
Juman juman to the food in a Roma baby unless I have I will admit this. I did have a couple of bad meals there
You know when somebody tells you oh, it's such a great place for food. You can't get a bad meal there
Well if you're going to wrong joint, you know, you can get a bad meal anywhere
You know what I'm saying what he made her he was with that again. You know what I'm saying
There was another poll too
Oh, now here you go. Here's some South Florida tourists and my suggestions
If somebody from out of town visits South Florida make sure they don't miss see what I would do is make sure they didn't do it
Right if I want to be a nice guy say oh don't go there. You don't want to go to South Florida
Make sure they don't miss South Beach and that for a zoo the monkey jungle little Havana the near Roger show now. We're talking
Oh god. What else is there the jungle queen dinner crew speaking of queens saw grass mills mall
My Kai spelled my Kia
Maybe they're talking about their car. I have no idea
Kia my Kai I would advise them not to come right here this boy. I like that. That's very very good. Very nice. I like it
Oh
A lot of faxes this morning man. Oh here. Oh and you know something
This is the winter and I say it all the time and I hate saying it because it's they're got a very excellent point
Can I be honest with you
Or to be honest with you I say that all the time. I don't know why because I am honest to them honest to a fault
I'm not one of those I mean L.I. when I need to like anybody else, but not that much
You know what do you mean? No, and then to like friends of mine. I don't lie
And I'm trying to think if I even like tell white lies. I just don't lie. There's no point
Right, but when somebody says can I be honest with him the faxes is no lie to me. I prefer that right if you were married
You'd lie a lot
But I'm not married and isn't that a wonderful thing? Yeah, maybe that's why I'm still alive. Maybe why I made it to 64 maybe make it to 94 okay
Because I'm not in a that persuasion or is a pet boom would say friendly persuasion
It's 20 days ago you got 810 votes on a pool there were creeped we're creeping along toward the 900 mark
We'll get to a thousand bite to not too much more than that though
Because let me see how much they hate
You know 21.7 22% hate to pull us the leading and the interesting part of it is
It's part of the fact that they hate to pull so much we're getting a zillion calls with people coming up with other expressions
It's a great pull
There's the damn thing wrong with it
Is there anything wrong with it? No, here's a fact. I'm not gonna bother to send
Yes, it's the it says how could we forget the stupidest expression frequently used by this
stupidest a holes and then it doesn't say what that is
I see well, maybe they overlooked maybe they got so emotionally overwrought. I don't know
560.0560.560 leave Verizon singular wireless line wq a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes. I have a couple of them. I don't like
Yeah, up your up your alley. No, oh
and
And cross park
What cross park cross my heart. Oh cross my heart and hope to die. Yeah cross my heart and hope to die
I'm gonna die if I don't see you again soon. I'm gonna die
I love that scene man where Clemens is making yeah
Michael's making a phone call to a K and the Clemens is making the
Clicking the sauce, you know in the past in a whole deal and to meet with shoving your meatballs and sausages little wine sugar
Yeah, if I don't see you again, I'm gonna die. Tell a girl that nice girl. Funny years. You love her. Come on Mikey
Hey, he's good Clemens. It was so great. Yeah, he was
That's why when we take those stupid ass polls about what you know your favorite character from the godfather
I just say all of the above, you know
Sure, it's hard to pick one out and say yeah, they weren't very good. I'm talking about the first two movies
Obviously in the third we could start getting carried away. I was pretend it didn't never happened
Pretend that it won't I still say there was some really good stuff in here too bad
They ruined the good story with all the bad acting but and the bad dialogue and the bad
whatever
I remember all the talk there was gonna be godfather for well who the hell was still gonna be alive
There was nobody left Michael died. Remember he dropped the orange. They all had
Marlowe's name was had the orange peel in his mouth. They're trying to scare the granted there. He's trying to scare Anthony
Remember he was there going through and then of course the bug spray like orange is killed if you're a dog
I guess so I guess and that's because oranges the citrus fruit come from Florida. They're killers. Well, you're being else in Florida
See do you think they're a lot of old people in Florida when those people came to Florida they were like
30 about like five years ago now they all look like 80 and 90 and 100ness because they've had a rough life in Florida
The sun you know just wrought their skin and dries it all out they get all wrinkled and crinkled
They start winning them lime green pants
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes sir. Cut up bugs me is that the journalist start using these phrases like in the mix and
Okay, what next I want to hate that in the mix. Yeah, what went missing turned up dead
But this fortunate really bugs me and you know to run jack
The yard won't hold it and we're one that would apply to you Terrell O'Lowen's used to say he overperformed his contract
Or outperformed his contract so he won't have more money. That's another favorite expression and
This is forcing us Sammy goes yard goes yard to me that just drives me insane
Absolutely keep out performing your contract. Neil. They owe you more money. Okay. Thanks, Proudy
I'll take it right now in a big just send me a big good barrel. Okay
I'll wear it and I'll grab all the money out of it just a big barrel full of money hundreds please US currency of course
5 6705 60 pound 560 the Verizon singular wireless line no ball game today
We got the three hours and six minutes to go and not that we're counting and what about those basket ball games college hoops
Yeah, 12 30 something
Don't now you're gonna start that same thing. I noticed Kenny didn't do that again this morning
And probably good choice on his part and do what
Talk about getting on a barc allonger because the college hoops is on TV
Out listen don't start promoting stuff on television. Okay, damn it
I don't want to start playing butch boss but if I hear that Robert greeper the grim Reaper lord of the board one more time
I'm gonna look a brought you on a phone. Oh seriously. I just get angry when I hear him say that so
Robert greeper the uh grim Reaper the Lord no more
No
Jesus got Almighty what kind of drugs are those morning guys on I don't know but it's nice to share yeah
Here's one it says thanks for taking my call
And I'll hang up and listen that's understood for when you thanks for taking my call
Yeah, that's why every time some jackass is that I say thanks for making your call you
We did what do you think I'm answering the phone here forwards? It's supposed to be a talk show right?
We get the numbers down it's just none of the one who's
Engragedy eating trying to like suck up, you know. Oh, thanks for taking my call. Larry wonderful
You're so great. I know that that's really simple. Hey, man. I'd rather I'd rather read the Toronto weather report than that crap
We put both of those on there
Poor look you pull whatever you want on all right
If we get a both on I hate this pull under 20% I'll feel like we made a major accomplishment
And there's not a damn thing wrong with it. I hate that wouldn't I'll hang up and listen to while we're at it
It's like why we're gonna hang up and listen. Let's have a conversation for crying out loud
No, no, that's that's they're not capable of doing that so they're like it's like a hit and runs calls
What it is they'll ask a real quickie like if you have a guest can you ask the doctor for me? I have blue lips
What is the remedy for that? I'll hang up and listen now
And of course back in those days back in the day when I used to have those kinds of shows on there
Generally I would hang up whether they were gonna listen or not right?
822 votes on our award-winning pool
Any questions
This is there some stations will give you candy some stations will give you cash
But not this station because this station is going to give you a chance to redeem the sins of all mankind
That's right. We're going to crucify you
They'll you to the cross be a big hero start your own religion
Even have a little magnetic dashboard statue made in your image just be the tenth color when you hear this
And we'll set a bunch of angry Romans to drag you up taught you up and nail you down if you've got a hammer and nail
We'll put you up for the night
This station accepts no responsibility for we know not what we do
Redeem the sins of all mankind
People listening for your chest no wind there were some refreshing honesty there this station there before we know that what we do
Like that a lot all right
837 votes on our pool that they hate like poison and the only the only thing I'm interested in let's see 21.2% hated now. I hate this pool
What is wrong with these people well that would take we don't only have three hours left
Several emails on these things. Let's see here's one guy that sends in the 80s zillion ones expressions for stupid people about his sharpers a marble
Mm-hmm did we put that on there? I'm just gonna read these to you and if you want to put any mango ahead because there's he's got like
400 oh they christ do it so you know it doesn't matter to me. Yeah, whatever you want Chris it'll keep you off your fan asked
around it
A few clowns short of a circus I never heard that before a lot of you in it huh few clowns short of a circus
I guess that's not our age is minicuyam
Not the brightest bulb on the Christmas tree. No, I don't think that's what they really say not the brightest bulb in the box or in the
Yeah, not the brightest bulb a few fry short of a happy meal
I've heard that he's a good I never heard that one before
Those are all variations of that he only has one ore in the water
A few beer short of a six pack. Mm-hmm a few pee short of a casserole all right
Doesn't have all her corn flakes in one box
I got a line for that one I'm gonna put it in the bread on yeah one taco short of a combination plate
I never did get my damn taco bella yesterday. I'll be dang man. It's not good. What's wrong with me lazy?
A few feathers short of a whole duck. Ooh that duck business man greasy. Mm-hmm
Just the thought of you. Give me luck just I mean would you like to eat a pigeon? I guess I don't know
I guess probably in France they do. Did they have white meat on pigeon? I don't even know if they cook a meal
I'll take the white meat on the pigeon please
The cheese slid off her cracker
Okay
Doesn't have all his dogs on one leash. Oh whoever said this in me. This is sweet
Elevator doesn't go all the way to the top floor. Yeah, we know that one
Her sewing machines out of thread
He's our kid his antenna doesn't pick up all the channels. Oh, I know a lot of people like that his belt doesn't go through all the loops
Missing a few buttons on his remote control no grain in the silo
He's our great. I'm gonna start using these receiver is off the hook
Too much oh, I love this too much yardage between the goalposts like many of our collars
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer and now we know that I like that one the lights are on but nobody's home. That's a beauty
Ha 24 a cent short of a quarter and
That's good and the wheel spin the wheel spinning but the hamsters did
Oh, these are beautiful. That sounds like a dick pertin bit just there. It really did
Or like a Larry Lou Jack with a cowboy title zoom
Let's see you're either with us or against us repeated by the most dangerous man in the world. I'm not
W you're either with us or against us. See I'm just letting you put whatever one's on you want Chris. It's up to you
Well, let's you just read we're all good ones not like they they were all great
The wheel spinning but the hamsters dead
Oh, man 24 a cent short of a quarter. I like that
It says what about that stupid saying that always rears its ugly head during hurricane season pack your patience
I hate that you have packed this pack your patience
Usually the weather fairy always says that he's you know, he's got packing on the mind I guess
Well, of course, he's probably getting a lot of a practice now is that the miss uh, what's your name?
On a side out of mind and weather fairy which one which one it's in the slamer
For like of a better term
Come on miss come on see I actually had a brain for her trying to forget about her
And then of course miss nor crusts her alternator warning canceled for Florida's flagra beat area
Well, thank the Lord for that. We prayed and prayed and prayed we put our hands together in our knees together and our cheeks together
And the the Lord said all right
To North Beach
Clearly the light has been turned off a very dark storm
It saw one flash of lightning there's another boy right there. I'm talking about the end of my life in my speaking north probably northeast if I can tell you
On up toward the north beach I believe
My name is there's a lot of citizenship right here. I see it in the world wide. It's so dark. It's fister. It's fister Miami, baby
5 670 560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line w-a-m. Hello
Good
Uh, you still rigging on the pan? No, sure
Uh, what about the hot to try?
Hot to try hot to try
Hot to try okay. Thanks hot to try huh?
Okay, of course and Lord there's the line the thunderstorms now they're showing it as a chad bets
You ever whatever your name is there on CNN
Lots of storms and mung and stuff and supposed to snow a little bit here maybe like half an inch later on today
Not good. Not good. We don't want no more snow
Don't be given us this springtime t-ge you know when it's like 14 15 16 degrees Celsius like around 60s
And then all of a sudden it's gonna snow a little bit. Yeah, you're gonna good indeed winner
That's the way the Lord messes with your brain. He's evil. He's a sadist 2 a.m. Hello
Uh, how about uh, but lipstick on a pig it still fits
Lipstick on a pig, y'all okay
That's for lipstick on this pig. That's what the stock market guys were saying back during that that whole phony thing that the
Entire CNBC crew even the cameraman ought to be in jail for that
Whilst the new economy against the old time and instead of that they get this crazy cramer guy and then all of a sudden he's like a a bit called hero
You know
See that's the one thing any anytime you get some jackass. That's a real goofball and they're like he's a big hero with a college crowd
You know because he's a jackass
Like the movie, you know everything that's like a goofy jackass. Oh, he's really great that crazy cramer
I want to give him all my money and see if he can lose it and he could
You're in seed. I'm confident. Somebody Q a n. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir
Well, you could have been a pull on that list of the
How do you pardon? You could have been a pull on one with the loan. Yeah, that's right
And and
Let's see the other one was just because your head comes to a point doesn't mean your show
Oh
Okay, I don't think that one's going to blind up on a pull, but that's kind of cute
I mean yeah on a scale of zero
Let's see see these people have been frustrated because we don't do the building polls anymore
Thank the Lord. I hated those all doesn't it boring the man the myth the legend all right
They must be talking about
Legendary the man the myth the legend that's stupid and for the sports nerds anything beginning with walkoff walkoff
Run walkoff single walkoff walk etc walkoff home run
I think we can just stick with a walkoff home run thing
I mean if we want to do the sports ones. I mean there's 80's in those and he has fans responsible for most of them
Oh Sammy goes yard
Well, what does that mean Sammy goes yard?
Sally goes around the roses. What the hell does that mean Sammy goes yard cuz he and all money goes yard a walkoff home run
And like I told Josh when we're arguing about this last year or the season before it just sounds so stupid
You know like oh he had a run of gamers over let's everybody walk off now
And then I got to run off the field they're gonna walk off walk off my ass. Okay, and it was a more long walk
I'll get a walk. I'll get a walk. I would be maybe about 10 miles couldn't hurt
Walkoff home run
The desperation see this is the thing now another you got the cable all these sports cable channels in the SPM's got about 50 different channels of their own
And all the other cramp on there they have to they have to try to like take something really terminally boring and make it real exciting
And really spice it up a little bit so they come up with just stupid cliches
Which of course Chris Burman and I don't mind Chris Burman
He was funny from about five minutes you know about 20 years ago
But he's one of the biggest
One of the guiltiest of all I was speaking of guilty. There's Carl Rhodes patients from all and oh my god
One of the all one's this whole crowd gonna wind up in prison
That's what I'd like no federal prison. Let's see him all all chain together on the chain gang
Like we could sweep that could be the theme song for the administration of sand cook working on the chain gang
You got that yes, I do. I love that song you do have to yeah
This is the time of year
Everyone's a little bit higher this say Colleen would you be wanting to come over to my place to have me
A wax my shell
Now that I want my Patrick
If you be wet in the green I know there's a smart lassie
She's making sure her lad is wearing the kelly green protection of leprecha condom
Don't be wishin' on a folded clover. I'll file in for the gift of gab
Especially if you're planning on kissing some bloody stones
What have you be doubting your protection with the apricondoms they're strong enough for a man
But I like them too. So check yourself as different condom and your work be catching anything else
1119 to 560s every QAM I go and speak of that here's that story in leprecha
I've tried ten times to read this
First years of facts from dick who says it's one of the stomest things people say these days nowadays is it is what it is
Okay, as opposed to it ain't what it is right it is what it isn't
What that was that supposed to mean he says I hate that one is you would say like poison
He's also sick of people say support the troops especially the hypocrites in DC
And he also says don't ever change. I'll write. I won't can't too late
There was no pata gold behind the dancing roadside leprecha only speeding tickets
Dozens of drivers in the Orlando area found out the hard way yesterday after passing an orange county shift deputy dressed as a leprecha
And warning drivers to slow down
Alazza detector clock cars above his side reading watch your speed or cost you a pata gold and several officers on motorcycles
Chase those who didn't heed the advice deputy Richard Lockman said police are beginning out about a ticket a minutes and say to clock yesterday morning
It was dressed in a green leprecha not filled with a hat tight white knickers and a fake red beard
When about he faked him out Lockman did the same thing with Christmas Elf outfit in December speeders complained that being stuffed by a deputy and
Customers in trapment. I think it's just ridiculous Lockman said the elf didn't force anybody to speed
No, I think he's got a point there. Oh look at this guy secret service arrest man after he jumps the fence of the White House
Maybe just was tried again for like a little lunch, okay? Maybe he made a little lunch for lunch. Oh the fanny wanted an autograph and they dragged his
Not conflicted answer. I'm looking right now with a guy with a beard and gray
You know he probably just looking for maybe spare some change mister something like that, you know
I really hate that. Yeah, I'm very tired of that. I'm just I would say that's probably the only thing
That I really dislike here intensely. I'm trying to think of anything else
I mean, you know the bad winter days which you only had like three or four all year, but
That's the only thing that really bugs me
Is there a way too many homeless people here which I guess you could probably see in any big city and too much of that and
And there are guys just like walking down the street who don't look like you know like that guy there like
They're a destitute or prostitute and oh, you know what some change pal. No
sorry
And I used to say sorry and then I don't even know I just keep walking or now you say sorry
Sorry, no, there's a sorry sorry. Oh, yeah, sorry
That's the Canadian way. Sorry
To straight cast got into a house and attacked three people inside then we're euthanized and checked for rabbis
rabies authority said the cast entered Melissa Breva's house through an open front door on Monday
I wonder where this is does it even say where the hell this was somewhere in central Florida and
Attacked two women visitors and a boy authority said I thought I had seen it all but I've never seen anything like this
Chief of police Martin Gutenstridor said animal control officer John Petter responded to a call for help Gutenstridor said
Gutenstridor
One woman was scratched and bitten on her legs the other woman
And a bit on her right can for after talking then Petter went to his truck for snares then heard screaming from inside the house
When he ran back he saw a young male with blood all over his purse
Gutenstridor said he was bitten on his forehead nose left ear and right cheek after some first aid from Petter
The three were taken to great planes read the memorial center. I don't know where that is
When investigator John Steadler arrived to an open the bedroom door
He saw a green white cat bearing its teeth in attack mode Gutenstridor beside
He shut the bedroom door return to his car for a dark gun both cats were shot
Tranquilized and taken the animal shelter where they were euthanized to which I say oh yeah
The only good cat is that that's bad dev cat you can't say that I just did the bodies were sent to Lincoln for rab-rab-ob
Chucks authorities want to find out who owned the cats other city ordinance and whatever city this was which it doesn't say
Cats may run free if they don't become nuisances
Well, you know cat and nuisances, isn't that what we done and see what seemed to miss a wood
Well, this poll is going over bigger than Mary Tyler man man and the six million dollar more and Gary Moore
WQAM hello
I'd like to call it tells George that
movie was auto focused with thank you
Playing on popcorn good movie. Thanks very much, Paulie. Yep. I've seen that thing on biography channel about the
Oh body of missing Georgia boy found in the wooded area. That's that's not good. No
Not good. That's America for a lot of bodies laying around. Oh, you know
So all those people singing I ain't got no body well
Just wait long enough watch the news. Neville finds some laying around not all of that little kid
Very sad, but that's America man a lot of crazy people with guns a lot of crazy eluintics run around on the loose
Lot of Ted Bundy's out there man
888 votes on the poll 888 just like my last trip to Rome 888 and then of course that was a great trip to Florence to Ferenza
And that place where they had the pigeon eggs and they little piece of gum
Passing itself off as prosciutto for sure. That'll only right
Wish I would have had a gun in that place man
I would like to shot that place up. She charged me 80 euros, which is like, you know about 90 bucks
And when and I think the bottle water is about all we really had there was nothing edible and we finally said
Then this is not what we had in mind bitch
W.A.M. They said I should peek you out and she give us a little K.A.M. Hello. Hello hi. Yes. I
I might have to begin to listen and I can
You want getting anywhere? I'm like clicking on the listen live
Yeah, and why would you like me to do about it? I don't know. I should do anything about the harder
No problem. We're feeding baby. We're feeding. We got plenty of people listening online right now
There are no dropouts. May we be one? We'll send you your money back
Yeah, we'll send you a send you your money back for listening to show how's that we'll send you your subscription feedback schmuck
He's calling me up because he can't that figure figure out how not to listen line is not yeah
Listen to this
The raspberry for the board may I be to help you please
5670560 and by the way still in the speaking English. Okay people are laughing at your ass
WQA and hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. Good morning. How you doing? I'm doing great. I got a couple for the pole
Yeah, yeah
Picking the poke pick in the poke that's on her. Yeah, not pee in a poke picking a poke and how about when people say
He died in an uncommonly death
I like that. That's good an untimely death. That's excellent. He died an untimely death. Got a Christmas beauty
Mm-hmm as opposed to I mean, what's a timely death like this is a thing 90
90
You better watch it mister a calendar got 26 years to go until 90
I got a stack a lot of important things to do lots of important stuff a lot of important people to do
I mean to do for whatever I'm good at I don't know to do you for
Look at these people these are the people that they're arrested about this kid getting killed
Look, oh don't wonder, that's the crowd from entry as far as I wish with no teeth always be where some old red necky bitch like that with no teeth
Convicted sex offender. What was he doing on the loose again? That's what I would like to know
Okay, what are these people doing on the loose if you have they find it with like a pin joint in your ass tray
Going away for 20 years minimum
But if you're like a sex offender you're gonna run around raping and the pillaging and looting and plundering and abusing
Then it's like around you know we're gonna be about 20 minutes
Until you cool off. We'll be able to take a cold shower on the inside and then we'll turn your ass out again
They just can't figure out while they while these things happen
It's like the Catholic Church moving and priest around you. Oh, if we just move into a different location
Maybe they'll come up with a different vocation
I'm asking you to think about how some starving children
Not an American Asia
Missy rather is I haven't eaten in a long time
Get your hands off
You see I'm doing a spot here
A burp
A little
A 15 dollars a month
Hey lady excuse me
But I gotta hold these rucksack food supplies into the ship cargo home
You touch that pallet and you're dead meat dog breath
Please
Him
And
This is being the public service announcement for Sally Strother save the children
1131. She's all class and all ass now. Let me ask you there's a bit that we've got all before that
I've been trying to break breaks to remember telling this you better go ahead and give Josh quarters and smack him on ahead
Or maybe he's listening now he's listening
He thinks that he put the stories up for today. There's nothing on it. I'm gonna have to like
Hit the button the button the sender the whatever tell him to hit the sender. Hey, yeah, hit the button schmuck
And what was the other very important thing? It was gonna say just something we important they but you know what if you you lose it, you know
So our good friend Chris says you go girl. How come that's not on there? It is now. Okay, you go girl
That's an Oprah thing. Oh you go that whole sick twisted, you know crap or hers is a cult of Oprah that is correct
And then that one I just
Yeah, I heard that
Yeah
What I'll do with respect to them. I mean, you know, we love that well. I heard that they got a camera
Let's see here's a fact that says oh yeah, this one was on that other lengthy one a few fry short of a happy meal
Like that although I do like 24 cent short of a quarter is good
You dance with the one that what brung you
That sounds like a real redneck you think you dance with the one what brung you
Mm-hmm and
Chomping at the bit which stupid schmit used to say champion of it. Oh
This is osky formerly from Montreal and definitely not a frog. Oh, what's that bit there with the airplane stuff?
And where he says there's a sale of pennies. What's that bit called? Oh, Titanic. That's it
Just see before you could even answer
It was okay. Well, I'll play that after the break make a nice break
And also here's another Chris we got lots of Chris is on there so many Chris isn't so little time, you know
Who says I used to live in Miami several years ago and listen to you. I now live in Utah
I'm sorry Chris and listen online heard you talking about the food in Chicago
Geordano is the best place. That's the best piece I've ever had in my life
He says uh, but I'll be put a boop a bit about anyway. I love the show and glad to be listening again
Thanks Chris in Utah and that nice see somebody online is telling me you know on the phone on the fax
They don't want to give me any advice about that. Maybe they never been to Chicago. Maybe they never had no Chicago piece of leafish stick
Really great stuff that weighs about a half upon the slides
It really is something man
And I still don't understand because we did have uh, uno is once a part of time in South Florida
Anything that's good doesn't last too long in that right like Sonic
Sonic went by by mm-hmm. Well, I'll be damned
Anything that's really fantastic like godfather's right
I mean, I know you still got that one probably up by the Hess station if it's still there
Did you tell me it was or wasn't I'm really I don't know I think I told you know that I just find out
Fudruckers is gone. What's gonna be next?
First it was corkies now it's fudruckers and it was godfather's right
I'm gonna tell you man when I was at WS news
That's when I discovered there was a godfather's on sunset. They're not far from where taco vb used to be
And I don't care what anybody says any of my people online there give me about the taco v with the best thing was about a beep
The best thing was the squeeze cheese man
Hmm they had that orange the real orange moussi and squeeze cheese that they put in the burritos and on the tacos
Oh, my taco v was great. I mean I do like Taco Bell, but it ain't no taco viva
mm-hmm
And right on that simple strip shopping center that on sunset
Between I want to say like a hundred and seventh f and the whatever in Galilee road
Right in between there was the first godfather's and I wasn't w's news and it came on ears a sponsor in the manager that place
I've put it a story a million times, but I can't get heavier out of my mind. Hey, have you
He was the young guy in his early 20s and his family you know started the
Well his family actually all bought a bin jail or something really well
They were like you know, no, I don't know. They had a bunch of businesses. I don't know and I see all on the up and up or whatever
That means there's another stupid expression on the up and up is huh? That's a monkey business. I don't know
But he was a fine young man and he just loved me man
Haviour hey, Haviour boy, but now that's his Indian years ago. He must be in a wheelchair or something right now
He must have a walker see that's the depressing part
I think back to all those days like the days of Zeta, you know, and all those because it was on FM
So we had all those living and breathing young people listening
It's a miracle. We have any young people listen here on AM on a scratchy AM radio station
I mean, it's a freaking miracle
Especially with a tremendous promotion at this station gives for everybody
And especially following well, I don't want to say I don't want to go into that because then I should feel what do the guy say I should feel guilty?
Yeah, they should feel guilty on payday. They should feel really guilty those guys WQ. I am hello
Dale yes, sir. I got a few of them boy here
Yeah, I might have missed the last couple of minutes of the Haviour he's already forgive me is the Pope Catholic is the Pope Catholic?
I like that. Is the Pope Jewish? Yeah does the Pope wear a funny hat?
Okay, there's one that you say all the time and I don't just don't get it side by each
Oh, that's a Canadian thing if the the only person I ever heard say that is Frank Suley who's a great racetrack announcer
calls harness racing at Western fear used to be a woodbite and he used to say when the horses were like next to each other instead of side by side
He would say side by each which is just a Canadian thing I guess I don't know
Okay now by duck in a row you got all these ducks in a row your ducks in a row. Yeah, there they are all lined up
Let's get them. That's the way Cheney likes them all lined up
All right now this one you say you don't call you say it doesn't bear
What is it does a bear?
Dog on bear does a bear oh those are the bear in the woods yeah that's right yeah
Okay, I would imagine probably the answer is yes
Yeah, like the Pope Catholic right okay now
Let me get off the subject a little bit because
Couple of guys on you show it you talk about all the time and I show it
Well, yeah, I've got a nice show here
Yeah
You talk about a guy I must be Jewish because I don't know
As first name was he public what is it grand trip Richmond
You ever hear that no you say it all the time it's time to be real fast so she's a grand
No, you never you never said the grand trip Richmond
Oh, great took Richmond grand very listen to this is yeah is this supposed to be a fun as a serious
All right, what about bombing it okay see a pal
He was going along real well to start when they start with the amateur comedy man
That's when I start getting really impatient. That's when my fingers start going to button
Like that
Like Tim Hardaway
Okay, how are we doing on this nine 14 that's not too bad. We'll make the thousand easy
No no reason to sweat at Chris
I'm now I'm ready for Taco Bell. I know that was really bad. I got started on that see
I'm I'm too impressionable and sometimes I'm impressionable to stuff. I say myself
When you're talking crap for four hours every day and getting paid a lot of money for it
And then you start reacting to it yourself then you must really be pretty good. Oh, I were doubted 20.5 percent. I hate this pool
How can I open anybody with any kind of a conscience vote for I hate this pool when everybody in their brother
Know is exactly what we're talking about when we got all these incredibly stupid expressions
I still want to go back to that one page. I save it. I sure hope so. That's worth a re-read
There was some really nifty stuff on there own nifty
How do you spell huda?
I did save it. I said the good stuff. I might even send you some
The wheel spinning but the hamster is dead
Kind of like Richard gear Richard spinning but the gerbil is dead
24 centroid of a quarter the lights are on but nobody's home now. That's a good one
The lights are on but nobody's home
No green in the silo
He's an antenna doesn't pick up all the channels. Her sewing machines out of thread. These are all good
Too bad this could be like about a ten far to a parter, you know
Could be lengthy we can do it for like a month and then of course the sports ones. Oh brother
Nobody comes in our house and pushes us around. Oh man
Talk about that phony macho crap bunch of pansies that take showers together and snap each of his ass with the towel
Nobody comes in our house. Yeah, right
Or my my speaking of house that that one just just kills me. You're gonna take it to the house
That is that part of you. Chris or you're already brainwashed on anything. That's good. That's whatever
I thought you ever heard that. George didn't even know what that means. No never heard it before
Gonna go for a touchdown. He's running for a tug. Take it to the house. I'm missing out on all the good stuff
Yeah, oh, yeah, it's just and it's like a literacy part two is what it's all about
A literacy part one is on our phone
917 votes on the pool and I hate this pool like I said 180 a 20 and a half percent
The season pace
Water 14 feet above the key of the seven minutes like I think a wrong week's Christmas in the 4p in all three holes and in boyhood
It's like a sister on week's quick drink when can we get on the way damn it? Get that finger out of your ear
You don't know what fingers been that's five compartments and it looks like a big tile and all she can say afloat
With the first four compartments breached but not five and the bar was staring away
Not five
Like I picked a wrong week when I'm filming the water was still over the tops of the boat kids. There's no stopping
He's a fire in the bar from this moment no matter what you do me your john be tree
Titanic will founder. I just want to tell you both good luck wrong counting on you
I believe you may get you head wise mr
There's a sale at panties
Jack I want you to draw me like one of your french girls
wearing this where did you get that dress?
On those shoes of that croche
Oh, man, there could be the most underrated comedy of all time. I mean, I don't know people love it
But it's just not rated as highly if you're gonna ask people you know the best comedy of all time
They're not gonna say airplane and then it is it is
You know this crowd this fourth-signored crowd are gonna say oh it's got to be uh
What is it? Caddy shack caddy shack that's what's going to be wrong with it, but the best
Not even close not even close to airplane, but nevertheless
If not Kenny and bold and Kenny and who is somebody says a poll suggestion they got Kenny and Mo Kenny and Joe as in
Uh Kenny and foe as in defo Kenny and big oh who is
Lock solid Kenny and row as in Joe Rose Kenny solo Kenny and says and Kenny and stu gots
And you know that no stu gots maybe we want no stu gots they missed the obvious choice and what's that Kenny and Lenny take the
I
60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
That little Dennis Kassinich man. He's one of my favorites
He's leading the charge for impeachment is what he says. No, I promise nobody listens to me. Why? Oh
He's a little guy kind of funny look. That's why got a bad hair piece. He's about two feet tall comes up to your kneecap
But he's great
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil guy. Yes sir speaking. Well one of my favorites is uh
So relatively new and uh all meet no potatoes
Okay, and uh I'm the pain in the ass guy. I'm sorry. I miss to show this morning that if you get a chance to watch
movie yet
Oh
He missed you talking about him
Come on now
Hold it together good yeah hold hold it together my ass
I'll get some tape boy you must be dreaming these people honest to god is just you know
Every time that I'm down there every single time and I you know the drive
To my house from the airport from four lava day which isn't that far
But then again get off five ninety five on hiatus, you know and you go over to a sunrise and you just you look at the
The palm trees and all those melulucas that are all like knocked down from the hurricane from my you know
What is it two year year and a half ago?
And I think for myself man that term vast wasteland if ever ever yes since we're talking about cliches and expressions a vast wasteland
But nevertheless oh a media from MSI says how about you know you shouldn't smit where you eat
I like that when that's good and we can actually write the word there on our uh website
If I like Chris you don't have to worry about the FCC or whatever on uh so far they don't run the internet
You can put any crap under your wand right yeah
It was tell me who was out all night and having a wild time. You didn't want to put on there any details
I like the details Christopher put it all on there let it all hang out. I guess here we did well what
Wow what a I don't know I don't know what it's all about anymore my mother used to say that all the time what's it all about nails
And I used to say about 30 and she'd look at me like huh
WQAM hello
Neil yes sir all right I got a couple for the pole here. Oh boy. There's no end to these is there. I know way
All right you got stopping smell the roses stopping the stopping smell of coffee or stopping smell the roses yes
Okay, uh don't throw coffee a lot lately. What is it? Don't throw stones in a glass house
Not like that and the grass is green on the other side
Mm-hmm. Hey you ever check out the taco viva that was in uh the brow mall back in the 80s?
No, probably I would imagine they said one in the food probably the Taco Bell is now these seven in the food court there and
And it was good. Well of course it was good. Taco Viva was that outstanding
And I know I'm talking about with that squeeze cheese they used to put on the burritos instead. Yeah, they kicked the crap out of Taco Bell
It sure is how it did hey you ever watch boomer
No, now do you get in Canada? What is it you get to watch it in Canada? Is it on there? Still mar oh Bill mar
Why would I watch these he was doing so well? I thought he said I don't know what he said. I thought he said Fumar
Yeah, Fumar so I thought Fumar no Fumar no Fumar no
Smoking baby now how do you say smoking in Espanol you just dead
Why so the more that's also a Tanyano see how the all those romance languages baby? Oh, you know common common origin. Yeah
Whatever the hell that means I get you when I when I try to show off that I know 10 words in each language
You know they get them all I call confused you know that's all right
Yeah, because I don't I don't speak either one of them, but but nevertheless
I speak in English they're a little bit every now and then
5 6 7 oh I like ran off my knee the jet will not give up under pressure
They're gonna continue working on it and then we're gonna blow them into the and you know everybody's gonna be dead
If we don't get this bush out there in fact
I am gonna read this little piece of this all of the phones are smoking because they hate this pool
How's that 20.4% if we can't get that under 20% today? I'm gonna be really parked off. I'll say that right now
I'm gonna be p-oed
That's what that stands for perked off p-oed
During a speech on the House floor on the Thursday yesterday
Representative little Dennis Kucinichibal how declared that impeachment may well be the only remedy which remains to stop a war of aggression against Iran
The 2004 presidential candidate was running again in 2008 told raw story that in his house floor statement
It speaks for itself this house cannot avoid its constitutionally authorized responsibility to restrain the abuse of executive power
He said on the four yesterday the administration has been preparing for an aggressive war against Iran
There was no solid direct evidence that Iran has got the intention of attacking the US or its allies
He noted that since the US is a signatory to the UN Charter constituent treaty among nations of the world
And article two states that all members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force
Against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state that even the threat of a war of aggression is ill-eagle
Article six of the constitution makes such treaties the supreme law of the land because they said this administration is openly threatened to
aggression against the Iranian violation of the US Constitution and the UN Charter but a beep bit of boop bit of op
And they said boy you sure are funny looking Dennis
And they won't listen to him because he's like a little goofball, but he's great
He's got the balls to speak up and tell it like it is
And anybody in America who's got the balls to speak up and tell like it is it's like oh gee. What's he starting complaining again?
Quit your complaining quit your bitchin
WQ I am hello
Good
Yeah, what have a cake and eat it to I'm sorry. I'm just being have your cake ready to yeah
Um, we can't cross the magazine for one of those
Like escort services and it says GFE for some of the girls. You want to know what that GFE me
GSE
OGS as in Frank and E
as in everything
They had certain models put with that we're trying to say for good F good F and easy or something like that
I don't know what might up. We'll find out from one of our perverts out there GFE my ass
Do you know what that means? That means I've ever heard of it. Yeah, Fee
I'm probably having an idea with the F stands for friend good friend as the purpose when he comes in
My criticism to that stuff. Oh, yeah
Really
Big time. No, he was such a pervert. What do you know? What are you laughing about does he know you're gonna talk about it on the air?
Why don't you talk about it? Why don't you be embarrassed by that? Well, what is wrong with that? Okay. Oh, you know some people lead a double life
Yeah, and
Listen, I know some people that have spent a long time on the internet's
Cruisin and the buzin and choosen and whatever you know what's wrong with that. What's not to like nothing
Nobody ever got abused on a
Screen you know what I'm saying
What is it be unless they wanted to wind up on what's his name sure on an NBC? What's the guys name?
They got it in 12 of the NBC one. Whatever that do. Yeah, the perverted justice. Yeah, the perverted justice god
That's a good guy. Got you again. Got you again
942 votes on the pool the dumbest expression that people say I hate this pool is down to 20.2 percent
We're getting close to get under 20%
We do it. It's that it should be like maybe 5 percent. I don't know why the hell they hate this pool
They must be feeling really porky down there. I'm telling you that there must be something really hostile
Like you know the fact that the weather is so bad. It's dark. It looks like three o'clock in the morning instead of like
noon looks like midnight
That picture I saw there before with a mimie scarline the thunder and lightning and the clouds and the mung. Yeah, it's nasty out there
nasty depressing looking like I'm looking here. It's like you've almost see a little
I'll smur it's murky, but it's not not that bad could be worse like this happen. It's gonna snow
Wouldn't it be something if it's snow there this afternoon. I'd love that me to can you see the driving?
I'm I often thought about that if it's snowed in Florida, would there be anybody left alive by midnight? No
I hate this pool 20.2 percent 191 two shakes of a lamb's tails wouldn't have since the beginning 125 from the get go that that's another one from the get go oh
That is so bad. I'm curious now. How do you spell?
I'm looking for who to think it. Did you put it on there?
Of course I did you want to find out how he spelled the who to
Who to has three votes sounds good. It's got three votes. I don't see it. Oh there it is who to think it. Oh, that's cute
The way he spelled it something I would have spelled it
Picking a poke 84 never stole a freight train 76 and in a coons a 70 do not be saying that again
Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q a m
I'm not a violent person
You're fairly fighting movies don't fire a fistude
But now my loins are burning
With all these gladiators almost new
And the 300 trailer made me go
To see them make it blow by blow
I'm for reason to see
The movie
300
This week
I'll give you a stiff hard clue
Yes, the reason is
To
Oh my gosh are you kidding booths?
That's Thor's
Sweaty skin right me into battle, but don't pull out that sword until you see the lights of their thighs
951 votes on our award winning pool and down to 20.1% say they hate this pool
But too much hate from South Florida. We need to work on it. Let's try another 31 years of this crap, huh?
I'd only be 95
So we have an update from Curtis. Yes, the G stands for Girlfriend Experience
No, well, that was pretty easy nothing x-rated about that. Well, what does that mean?
You've got no girlfriend. Girlfriend Experience
I have no idea depends on what context. I really don't know and quite frankly don't care, but nevertheless
It stands for Girlfriend Experience, pal. This is supposed to be an educational show and there you go
Well, we just got through a ton of games and we can put us call back
Call back Curtis. We want to find out what kind of hate you spank you. What was that in there? Yeah
Girlfriend Experience is that experience or experience girlfriend experiment
It's just an experience
Listen, we're not asking your dead ass. We're asking Curtis. He's obviously the expert pervert on his our kind of guy on the show
567 is obviously he's doing more than just watching the ball scores there on his computer screen
You know, I'm saying as much further than he's going to more than websites than just espn.com
Is what I'm thinking could be wrong about that, but I doubt it adieu did wqway and hello
And here yes sir
I rather you would actually call a hooker a girlfriend being that you would go to them to do things that you wouldn't do your girlfriend anyway
but
Just a quick thing about your show. I love you show, but
Can you read one of those taxes?
Why don't you get yourself a shredder instead of ripping the paper? I mean I'm getting tired of the ripping of the paper
I like it so you don't like ripping the paper go rip a rip your ass. He's getting he's getting tired of it
He might be on the verge of the game. He's getting tired of it. What a schmuck man
You you are wise so many people millions of people are dying their desperate. They're like is it's like trying to break the door down in a prison
Trying to get out of that place
We got to get out of this place remember that sure Eric burden and animals. That's correct
We got to get on this place because there's too many people like you sir looking for a problem
There's any problem you love the show. He just got through Sanio loves the show
But why did you quit tearing up because I feel like it because it makes me feel good
Okay, I rip it up with my own bare hands makes me feel real masculine. You know like a real man almost well closes all over again
Schmuck
There you go Eric burden in the animals man what a heavy bird we wear bear
And who the fuck it to
That's what the public wants to hear the house of the rising sun the animals man is this number one hit?
I could believe this had to be number one
60s are at 64 somewhere about back in that day 60
4 like I said
Not any more there is on first you know, okay, I sent a house to the rising sun w.q.a.m. Hello
Ah, is this the Nelson Roger Balfour show. Yeah, what can we do for you sir? Yeah, I read an article on the internet about you
What are you gonna start again with this crap? We're gonna get lost w.q.a.m. Hello. That's the guy with the work of media
Hello, oh, good. You yes, sir
How are you sir? Okay
And gmp is like a true girl and she'll take your money for sex
also
Also, it's rainy in Miami, so if you can drive to the street, you know who you are
In other words, everybody stay home
Wow, that was very educational
Yeah, the work of pd guy he's another one
He's a good bullet between the ears. I was gonna say in the brain, but we couldn't find it
Maybe just in his back home. Wtc.ym. Hello
Yes, sir
Humpty, yeah brutal
Need to be they need to be shot a lot of shooting needs to be done, pali should be a capital fence and
Real quick about pizza in Chicago. I'd say it's like what beach should I go to in Florida?
Just look around a little bit and you'll be fine
It's all good. It's all good. Okay, thanks pali
Like bubble would say it's all good although. I think geodano is based on the thing I got on the from the guy in Utah
And what I heard from a friend of mine who's a Chicago
I wouldn't say expert, but knows it pretty well
He said geodano is his great-ness probably why it's so busy there's lined up like 80
You know the one thing about the Chicago pizza and I'm trying to think of what station I worked in
Where we headed the they'll send it air express, you know, they put it in the with those what do they call those things?
I give up friends. Huh? They call them Fred. They pack them on dry ice is what I'm trying. Oh, okay
And we got I'm a thing with Sarah Soda like back in the 73 when I worked there WSP being we got a Chicago pizza
delivered the air express like that
And then there was some other stuff that we had was it the Chicago dogs
I don't know some other food that we had shipped and it's damn good
And if you go on the websites of all these places like Geno's East and Luma, Nadi's and geodanos most of those joints
Will will ship them anywhere in the country?
And so the fact that you're stuck like an ash debula or higher somewhere you're thinking oh gee
I wish I had some of that reading good Chicago style pizza or whatever there are a lot of places like that that'll send you
You know
Just don't stick your hands in the dry ice. That's my best suggestion to you. Not a really good idea now put it on your tongue
That's better. That's always the best
WQAM hello
WQAM hello
Hey Neil I got a few cliches. Oh sure 20 or 30 would be good go. I got a couple of hours. So
He's a real stand-up guy. You know stand-up guys are supposed to lay down guy right and the same my first time at the rodeo
Never heard that one. Oh really? Okay. Don't go to the rodeo much do I guess not
Smooth is a gravy sandwich
A gravy sandwich
Like that. Oh for me. Yeah, I love that and I picked a bad day
To get up snorting crack
Okay, I'm out of material. Yeah, sorry. Okay. Thank you. Some I'm glad I'm right at that point
I think was just the right spot. Yeah
Sometimes they push it a little bit too far. He knew exactly when to bail out when in that time to bail out
Sound like he was reprising the airplane a bit that we played a little bit ago. Yeah, boy bridges
Lloyd bridges is dead. How about some of the other people that are Peter Graves is still alive and doing those nice guy co-spots
Oh, that's one of my very least favorite ones on tangerine
I plan on some tangerine look lost and answer the door. I was one lucky woman
I was unless you saw airplane you have no idea what that even means right
Am I right? It is a tie-in. There's no question. Oh sure. He's reprising the same bag character that he was an airplane
I was here growing man naked today. Right
As a matter of fact
Oh
What's wrong with that they have it we all
Yeah, you have
Well, I'll be damn 957. Well, there was a guy would buy the other day. I swear to you
And in this is disgusting tube he looked like he looked like a famous porn star
And I say that turned very loosely who it loses after after losing an enormous amount of weight does that mean good or bad bad?
Okay
Ron Jeremy. He could have been his twin brother only a much a much smaller swimmer room
I know and I did not ask whether it was double-jointed or whatever you know
Oh my god there you talk about getting spilties talk about a guy who's definitely in the wrong career and just lucked out
Anyway and still made a lot of money
And as long as I live on ever forget that day
He was so insulted because I said he was fat and hairy and disgusting
Which I mean look in the mirror Ron you're fat and hairy and disgusting. Okay, so big deal. You're double-jointed. Congratulations. You know wow
He was very insulted. I guess he considers himself a real stud
I consider me
DUD
WQAM. Hello. Oh, hey Neil how you doing? Okay, sir. Sorry. This is already on there
The gravy thing brought this to mind riding the gravy train
What is that you didn't ever hear that? Yeah, we were talking about yesterday. It's so great. Mm-hmm. Delish
I mean you can put on a sandwich if you want
And you know another one we forgot because that guy's boring
In the back of the salad days what right?
About that yesterday forgot to put it on there though the salad days. Why I still don't understand that
Yeah, I mean wouldn't you say the steak and potato day?
About the salad salad days sounds lean and mean the mean and you know not to I don't know name something good like back in the pot roast days right
Back in the shaft of beyond days or something like that back in the sirloin steak days when we had a lot of money and things are really great
And we're on the gravy train or whatever now we're eating gravy train
And if we stick with the this bunch of losers we got here a QM much longer
We're gonna all be eating gravy train. I'm talking about Jolly
How's he doing by the way? Is he come by to say higher or whatever? No lately
Jolly Jersey Joe no no no no you told me how much he hates me. I guess he doesn't combine him. Oh wow
He probably hates me too now because of the fact that I tell the truth and I talk about the fact that the
The numbers are in the toilet now. What a phenomenal job. He's done. I think and of course that morning show
I would I wouldn't be surprised if he and Clarence are both the architects of that and toast as well
The aptly named one w.w.q.a.m. Hello
George finally came out all right w.w.q.a.m. Hello. Yeah, I got up there for you. Yes sir not for nothing
And you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying now in that already on
Yeah, we have a long time ago not to read all these because there's only about 40,000 of them
I could read the whole poll once and we'd be done. That's an idea. That's a thought
Now what was the first one he said not for nothing which not for nothing
I hear it a lot. I don't really understand what it means. It's like GFE
Growth well now what did the courtesy of girlfriend experience?
girlfriend experience. I got a Virginia on the way. Let's go in the shade and
I'll just make sure you get made if he gets
But this Castro no search me that he has to do with a subway
But this Castro is in perfect shape and as a picture
President for a colorful jacket on there read white and blue jacket as a matter of fact. So I made a conno he said all right
I made a conno I made a conno remember that the scene in town that mr. Ripley
Really stupid scene where they've had jazz club somewhere in Italy. Yeah, but that's the run that so feel the rend moody
I made a conno I made a conno I beg your pardon
Naples affair or something like that
What about it? That's where they originally saying that song
Well, what's that got to do with the
Town did mr. Ripley. I'm sure that they met Damon and rip him all some people say
I still very honored by the scene where Jude lost it in the baths have naked and Tom
Ripley wants to get in you know maddame and wants to get in there
Matt Damon
Matt demon
Team America world police. I'm gonna tell you if you depress get that this weekend and watch it over and over and over and over again
Now you love it
From on his past new in a QAM. Hi, day you bastards
Oh, right
Huh stop bombing back dad
Absolutely to it every day I
Want to watch it on TV I
Rack
Oh
Let us just put a none to which I rack I
I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist
Put in thin air and tell that Saddam Hussein boy
We're really pissed you're under my skin that little piece of
Get away
I'll get the mark to make a hit from all New York
Just
Like
I want to wake up and see their cities or blown to bits of gold.
And say that when number one, top of the heat, we can't be beat.
Again we have one who's thought bombing our land.
Why not start to save you?
Let's make your party lot of best.
And hold our breath.
And when all the boys are there, I'll do a show with that sick chair and save good vibes.
I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, who's heaven heads.
Bang bang, you're dead.
Did anybody ever attempt Josh Cortes on the back of the head and say, hey, there's no stories on here.
There's no bedtime stories.
Which I sent him a whole bunch yesterday.
He gave me a song and an insight into the cinema.
But my old time was in that band.
He's either in a meeting or not here.
He's why?
Either in a meeting or not here.
Wasn't that great?
Well, that's okay.
Listen, that's the QAM exercise.
He's too busy and practically irrelevant at the composite.
He's a damn little head and send a check.
That's the laughing button, but it's true.
I mean, why not help when I send a check when I send like, you know, 15, 20 important stories.
And there's nothing on there.
And our vast audience out there is like going back again and again.
Where is the stuff we're supposed to read today?
We're all those intellectual stories for all those egg heads out here.
Scott in Pinellas Park says he said, by the way, Pinellas Park is the only place
that could make Tamrak look good.
Excellent point, Scott.
A few more.
It's a win-win situation.
From the get-go, he or she is a partial stranger.
Yeah, that's interesting.
A partial stranger.
He or she's no day at the beach.
And it says the toll fee numbers are working if you're calling from the 727 area code.
Well, that's a record of Scott that will teach you to live in the 727 area code.
Don't do it again.
But here's my very favorite.
It's from Dave, who says, add this to your dumbest expressions poll.
This is my favorite.
We're not going to put this one on there, but this is, nothing is even close.
You want to hear it?
Ready?
Robert Creeper, the grim reaper and the Lord of the Board.
Nice going, Dave.
I mean, I just nausea inducing.
It's just puke inducing, you know.
56670560, pound 560, and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
Proaching a thousand out of that.
We're making our approach right now.
We're going to be landing any second.
975 votes.
And of course, you know, it will be a soft landing on the show.
Dominic Q.A.N.
Hello.
With that Lord of the Board spelled D-O-A-R-D or D-O-R-E-D.
D-O-R-E-D, yeah.
Board of the Board.
I'm going to either way.
Listen, I have the opposite of this.
I think the greatest expression has come into modern usage.
Yeah.
I'm sure that George will agree with me.
Friends with benefits.
Friends with benefits.
That's a good expression when you get it.
Because the renders marriage obsolete.
Amen.
Amen to that, sir.
You're holding weekend.
And you too.
Have a lovely weekend and a lovely life, wife, life.
56670560, pound 560, and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
Don't forget, join the QM Street team right now till 2 o'clock.
At the Verizon Wireless Store at 100th South Viscayne Boulevard in downtown Miami, the QM Street team.
Maybe George Cordis is down there on the street.
He ought to be.
Stop buying when prices get autographs from the heat dancers.
No stories on our website today, George Cordis.
I just mentioned that in passing.
And that check that was just, oh man, it was like writing my hand in all of a sudden.
Oh.
Oh.
Remember that guy I called before?
Oh, I know.
I'm never a thing of stories.
Don't worry.
I'm shredding those.
WQAM, hello.
Here, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, dear sir.
We don't need any new articles on the web because we know you'll read them all on the air.
Here.
There was a, that's probably George's boyfriend.
WQAM has a lot of things to do with the web.
Hello.
Yeah, can I come in?
Speaking.
Speaking.
Yeah, hey.
Just for a day, I have done this expression.
That's the way they're kicking crumbles.
Yeah, that's not good.
No, get it.
I don't think so.
So he can crackers in there, man.
Not a good idea.
Kind of like the sums up this business.
Too many crumbs.
Summers up pretty well to me.
5.67.05.60 and 0.05.60 in the Verizon.
Remember what I said before about people who are not in the industry.
People who think that they're very funny.
Like Bill Marip, for example.
When that guy called me for instance, did we get Bill Marip here in Canada?
No, he's banned at the border, pal.
B-O-B, banned on the border.
Man, twerp, giving the word twerp, new definition.
And when he was sucking up, because he's got around his show all the time, and coders.
See, there's a man of no principles whatsoever.
Right.
He pretends to be this great liberal and this great anti-right wing hero.
And then, but the hillkiss and coders ass has grotesque and nauseating as a thought may be,
because she's a guest on the show all the time.
Oh, yeah, I'll have her back, and I don't have always agreed with what she's saying.
And then, oh, what a simple whim.
I think he ought to well open the rubber creeper to the Lord of the Bordon, Mia.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, how about hello, these lucks.
WQAM, hello.
Anyhow, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
I've noticed that you guys for a couple of years now, and I've never really felt your pain when you say this.
My amy's bad and self-ported is bad as much as I did last night when I went to the youth fair.
And the people there, man, terrible, terrible, terrible, and I'm talking about like,
even older people also, you know, not just the young kids.
You want even older ones?
Yeah, most, mostly older people.
Yeah, the 30s, the 30-year-olds, when it is, and I'm 24 years old.
I'm not 40 or 50 or 60 complaining.
I'm a young guy.
Yeah.
And the people down here are just, I don't know what they think of themselves, are they looking for something mirror?
And it's just sad, it's sad, man.
What?
Tell me about it.
Good over, Neil.
I'm moving in.
Okay, see you.
Send a picture, pal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the horizon, see you at a wireless line.
I guess I'll give a quick rundown.
Okay, I'll say one thing.
We haven't had a whole lot of repeats like usual.
980 votes on the poll.
The dumbest expression that people say is, I hate this poll is down to an even 20%.
We got a shot at getting under that.
196.
That's scandalous.
Two shakes of a lamb's tail, 125, a pig in a poke 84.
Never stole a freight train, 76.
That's one of my favorites.
In a coons' age, 70.
I don't want to be saying that.
Look at these split, 67.
Mm-hmm.
Feather in your cap, 49.
That is a door nail, 48.
I never heard of the dumb expression, 43.
Where you must not get out of the house too much, I guess.
First time, Paula, long time listed, 23.
I despise that.
You know what I mean?
23.
Dumbest dirt, 21.
As the crow flies, 16.
But my whistle, 16.
In your heart of hearts, 15.
Back in the day, 15.
At the end of the day, 14.
A hop-skip at a jump, 13.
You go, girl, 12.
Walk off home, run 8.
See, we should do this force one separate.
Uh, I'll hang up and listen, 8.
He died an untimely death, 7.
As sharp as a marble, 7.
Thanks for taking my call, 7.
You shouldn't, uh, Schmidt, were you we?
Three.
Who'd have funcated three?
Make it snappy three.
Who invented that?
You shouldn't, wasn't that Greg Reed who said that?
Don't Schmidt, were you we?
I don't know.
Make it snappy three.
Good to go with three.
It is what it is, too.
Pack your patients, too.
A lot of packing going out, I'll tell you that right now.
In the next two, not for nothing one.
Have your cake and eat it, too, one.
I think Al Pacino said that several times.
What is that bunch of, uh, sex offender with his parents?
The family?
Oh, filled that little kid.
Uh, it's just sick.
Really sick.
I think they ought to take the whole family and execute them on the NBC nightly news.
No votes for win-win situation is the Pope Catholic.
I heard that.
Hot to trot by hooker by crook, airfew in my shoes.
No votes yet.
Out of 93.
So this half hour Chris will go over a thousand an hour to spare.
Or we can replace him in a Marlins game for me, as they would be there.
Sounds good.
Did they win?
Uh, I think so.
No.
And does anybody care?
No.
Even they don't care.
27 past noon at QM time.
Try the U.S.
Doors.
Who was a little baby father of fight?
Cooking.
One of a dozen guys.
It may be the other hour of service.
Did you get frost?
That was that frozen sperm.
There it is.
Burkets as he is a dad.
He shot down.
Your husband has been bad.
Look like none of them will budge you.
It'll be up to that crazy judge.
Who can it be now?
Return any pass now.
Who is the dad now?
Who can it be now?
Who can it be now?
1232-560-W.
Here's another one.
There's no look.
Now let's see.
19.7%.
Let's hear it.
We got 120%.
We started out with like what?
89% or something.
They hated it.
Too much hate down there.
Stop hating.
Reach out and tap somebody under the shoulder and say,
I love you.
Or just live.
Let me go out in the hall to do that.
Go out in the hall and grab somebody.
Go get Tommy and kiss him on the cheek.
Say, I love you Tommy.
He'll smack you on.
Rich says,
but you just relax.
Rich says,
Fubruckers are still around a date county.
See if he's been more time a date county,
you'd find out what's really going on.
You're talking about me?
Yeah.
Well Chris lives there.
He ought to know.
He doesn't know.
He thinks a guy,
although he shouldn't know where the food is though.
It says it's in the roundness to the international mall.
Sonic is also in the date county still.
See if he's going to date county.
He'd find the good stuff.
Finally, there's also a Godfather's Pizza inside a head station on bird road
next to Tammy and me Park.
So how do you like that?
And of course the Godfather's.
Which I know we asked the one on the baby road extension.
In a head station,
I think that was the first head station that had the Godfather's.
Remember they came by a couple times and they brought us pizza.
Remember that?
Oh.
And the pizza doesn't really travel all that well as you know.
I mean traditional style does,
but I'm talking about that kind of thick, the thick kind.
Like steak.
Steak doesn't travel well.
It's going to be on the year.
Although over the years I guess we've had people brought us in steak.
And then there was always Smith and Wolensky came here.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's not go there speaking of expression.
Oh.
Don't even go there.
I like that.
I like to hate that one.
That's one of my least favorites.
Don't even go there.
Oh.
Brother.
So Godfather's is still around,
but not like the original one.
No.
That was so good.
Especially that one on sunset with my buddy Javier.
Hey Javier, come over here and sit down.
I'm not going to sit down with my lamb.
Well I sure wonder if he went to the Pokey with the rest of the family.
But he was a popular guy in Nero if he did.
Here's one from Ed in Fort Lauderdale.
He says as Nercupon.
I love it.
That was good.
Not getting ahead of myself.
As Nercupon.
I'm right.
As Nervus as a Forky Pine in a Balloon Factory.
That is cute.
Isn't that cute?
Yes it is.
Nervus as a Forky Pine in a Balloon Factory.
You know what I'm looking for?
I can.
That's probably just about not going to find it.
I'm not going to put that on there.
I'm sure.
Because that's, hey it's cute.
But who the hell ever heard of that?
Anybody ever heard that?
No.
Anybody ever say that?
No.
No.
I think we're approaching a thousand on the pole.
Get ready.
Get ready for a real exciting moment here.
9.97.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
See I didn't want to let that thing go all the way through.
Little just a-
Oh no, that wasn't good.
Try it again.
Okay that was good.
About a half a bomb.
Which Georgia's half a bomb is better than known.
That's what you were.
That's right.
But nevertheless.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60.
Levy rise in singular.
Wireless line.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How about Gitter Dunn?
Gitter Dunn.
Gitter Dunn.
Yeah get it done.
Okay get it done.
Okay you're done.
How are you spelling?
Who the fuck it?
He's calling Eater.
Oh man, not to that Chris.
It goes to show the fact people are the funny people.
You know just look at him.
You're laugh.
Now seriously he's funny guy.
Don't realize you're funny yet but you'll see.
He's funny looking so he's halfway there.
Oh now that's because that was a gratuitously it was honest of course but it was gratuitously nasty in the inventory.
Yeah what would you do then?
He hasn't sought me out yet.
He's feeling bad about that.
He doesn't have a hot girlfriend to come in here and give me a handful ass.
How do you know he doesn't have a hot girlfriend?
Trust me.
Are you seeing his girlfriend?
I haven't seen no of course not.
If he had I'd seen her by now.
You know what that would be like.
It would be like somebody showing you a baby picture and you say you know proud father or mother just had a baby.
And you say gee that's the ugliest baby I've ever seen in my life.
He's just not going to do that.
No you're not.
So the fact that you're saying he doesn't have a hot girlfriend.
How do you know?
Because he doesn't have any.
That's how he said the other day he said he was like working on one.
I think I know what he yeah he's working on it.
I think I know what he knew.
He's got a lot of somebody closes the deal.
Do you have any Q.A.M.
How about closes the deal?
Yes sir.
How's he on?
Great.
How about that loose?
How does it loose?
It's a loose.
And it could loose.
Okay this is a loose.
He sounds like he was getting tickled by that like with the feather.
Like with the goose feather or goose down.
What is goose down?
You know how they make goose down?
Do they make goose down?
Do they make goose down?
Oh my hands.
Oh my hands.
Oh my hands.
Is the feathers from the needle?
998 in the pole.
No, see you shouldn't do that.
No, yeah.
Don't cut your chickens before they had.
That's another stupid expression.
You know this this pool today even there is a lot of stupid crap on here.
It makes it makes you realize how conditioned we are that so much of our lives at least verbally is spent exchanging stupid ass expressions that we hear and we get we get hooked with them you know.
And just keeps saying I'm over and over again.
Am I correct?
I think absolutely correct.
But Robert Greeper the alluring of the board the schmuck of the puck.
He's he's the then that one is it.
Thanks a lot Dave.
And the guy's name is Dave Ryder not not really the Dave Ryder radio Dave Ryder.
I wonder if he's still alive.
I don't know.
Dave Ryder that hired me at W.Y. and Z away from W.S. News that that's quite a story.
W.S. News.
Because I handed my contract at WNWS that if I stayed I forget to the end of the contract I got a twenty twenty five thousand dollar bonus.
And I stayed till the end of the deal and then after I sealed the deal and the meantime I and Z hired me away and they tried to I had to go to court and Cheryl's ex husband the judge Lenny what was his name?
Leonard I can't think of what his name was but anyway we had to have a trial as to whether my non-compete would hold up in court or I could go to work for I and Z.
And of course we won.
Henry Rothblatt sent the one of his flunky attorneys in there to argue my case the judge Lenny or you can't remember his name.
No.
Whatever you drive me to budget has to be Lenny Mark's head.
I can't think of what his name was.
Some Jewish guy.
Well, I know Cheryl was murdered.
You know he was Jewish and he had a lot of money.
That wasn't Ripken.
Leonard Ripken.
And that's about what do you say like that?
Yeah Leonard Ripken.
That's about what he was saying.
That's about what he was saying.
That's about what he was saying.
That was the last name.
All the time we knew her.
That's about the last name.
Before her latest Jewish wealthy thousand and three votes now.
Now you can turn to this baby.
One all over the place.
One of the one more.
I should.
Thousand and three votes.
I mean, nothing that's a big deal.
It's pretty weak.
As a matter of fact.
And the good part I'm sure.
A hundred and nineteen point six percent.
Hate to pull.
That's not too bad for this crowd.
For this very antsy hostile crowd.
All right.
Now maybe you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
I'm not sure if you can tell me about that.
As opposed to the normal mechanical kind of interaction that you might have with your runner that.
As opposed to the normal mechanical kind of interaction that you might have with your runner that.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world.
Around the world we can take your money then have sex with one of your friends.
Alright.
Alright.
Alright.
ATM.
Why can't we do that on the air?
Well, I did realize there is just an acronym, I thought it was a place where you stuck your card and you got something valuable up but never less.
Okay, moving right along five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty.
Yeah, and it's I'm trying to think of what the hell the food was that we had it, kept it clicked.
This was an sour soda, not hard.
1973 so it's 32 34 years ago see what I was talking about the other day
Mm-hmm and all you punk's out there anybody under like 35, you know to me your I punk is a bad word
But you're a punk, you know all you young whippersnappers. There's another one young whippersnappers
No stupid thing that old fart say I still don't know what a whip right?
It's only before I'm never gonna be an old fart. I may cut a few every now and then but I'm not a real fart
I don't want to get like that
Not that I'm some young I mean I was a squares of cardboard backs when I was 20 so what differences?
I mean this is a make at least have inconsistent
But I just don't want to be like out of touch with the you know the mainstream community
I just want to know what a whipper is
Snapper what happens when you snap if you whipper snapper all right
That's for your whipper snapper. I have no idea what I was gonna talk about
Oh what is it?
Women and other companies as well. How good man gets to the heart of the matter coming up next aren't or in the
See this is the same old American uptightness about anything has to do with the body or sex or anything like oh
G is aren't clean and then evercrombie and fridge catalog
Yeah, they're upset because Ella is hot looking the young people are in the evercrombie and fridge catalog and most of us look at the mirror
This flab and this fat like oh geez, you know
That's what they're upset about
And probably because they're getting aroused is all held by looking at it and when who the hell who's alive wouldn't be getting aroused by the evercrombie and
Fitch catalog man
There's something there for everybody and they're all legal baby. They're all legal if you like it grabs it and
Do something good with it. That's my suggestion get jiggy with it
Oh, so anyway, what's the that's another stupid expression get jiggy with it, huh with it not with it with it
Isn't that how it goes get jiggy with it with it?
That will Smith man. He just makes me want a cock. I'm turning right now in fact
He puts a cup. I'm like a moon
No
Smith with the cock it in
Back
That's a lot more than what you come what you get rid of that crap
Yeah, you're getting jiggy with it
You're gonna get jiggy without it pretty soon if you don't cut the crap
Pro 48 a Q. I.m. Don't forget you're in a QM street 13. I keep reading this promo, but it's kind of like I don't know
It is it is what it is
Noon to two that's now to two a thief arise a marvelous store hundreds out this game
Boulevard down time I was step out of when prices get all grass from the heat dancers
So what were you just tell me about the sonic again? What's the big deal? It's a burger joint
It's car, but just happened to be really good like you could get a bacon cheese burger and it was on
Mm-hmm like good they they had bread options and I know that doesn't mean a whole lot to you
But you could have like a toasted sourdough
slices two thick slices of toasted sourdough bread instead of the traditional bun for example the bacon was nice and thick and
was good on there
And
Good good hardy food and they
Hardies in Tampa
Well, they have a few they are those Schroenbergers man. I'd say I love them Schroenberg. I like hardies a lot too
Bacon Schroenbergers at Hardies. Oh, you go up north to the south and they have the sonics are everywhere and they're great
Well, there's one there in North Miami. I guess in North Miami
This is what I'm getting here from my buddy online is giving me he went and he got so excited by that previous if the
Pre-Mobile for it whoever's gonna tell me is it needs to give me like a what for okay?
Let me know exactly where it is so I can put on here so somebody might find it
I'll just make sure they don't go there whenever anybody else wants to go so it's not too overcrout it and we do have a
NW here, but it's in it's in the mall like in the eating center and one of the food courts in the small crappy food court
There's an a and w and still there's still some the same stuff
You know the popper burger and a mama burger and the teen burger and the baby burger and the whatever the dead burger
It's okay. I mean, it's not like what you call great fast food cuisine, but it's it's okay. It's edible
The minikuy in food line. Hello
Good day, Mr. Rogers. Good day. I don't know if you have this one
I already been it drives me nuts no scan off my back. Yeah, no skin off my back or no skin off my ass
That's really something that one too. Okay, have a good one. Thanks palace. No skin off my ass
I would prefer putting an ass on there as opposed to back because I'm you know perverted and old you know whatever bag
Well, I mean wouldn't you rather put ass on the pole as opposed to back no skin
I never heard anybody say no skin off my back either did you yeah, but most of the time we say off my ass
You know
There's plenty there anybody wants some I mean I could use a little little chop chop perhaps
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, Nail. Yes, sir. I call you from Syracuse from time to time. I got a good one for your poll
Yes, sir
Get her done. I thought we did that one already get her done saw my no votes
It sounded with no votes. Well, you better go vote for it. Pally get her done. Okay. Get her done now
Get her done
I'm probably the farmer say that you know when I got to go milk the cows you know get her done
You know the eater being yeah, and I'm gonna go on the house and find my wife and get her
What a disgusting thought that is for those people
I mean for some people it might be a very erotic thought but for those people it's a grotesque and horrendous thought
I mean like to think that those people are reproducing that's the problem maybe for sterilization. That's what we need
They can do all the hanky spanky. They want. I don't want to deprive anybody of their happiness
But jeez Louise no more making no more babies with them people with that crowd that red necky in red crowd
Okay, let's see what this says it says my oh yeah
Boca Bob says a small potatoes
I mean that's not the same that's a I mean you know
small potatoes
What I just from that cream man mr. Ross
On a way man. He just he just left. We just got two of the thing we're Frankie Pintangely
And you give your loyalty to a Jew before you undress that's right small potatoes is both about well
I started I haven't rocked to be very proud but I would say
The board goes back five six seven oh five sixty you know for a poll that they claim they hated like poison at the beginning of the show
See leave it to me leave it to this old bag to teach them that they liked it
You know what I'm saying because the right in the beginning of the show I said to them
You like it and his own oh no
Beach of that time. Yeah, it is I got the quickest finger in the North baby. Let me tell you what I heard
Yeah, believe me. Oh no. Well, we'll see WQ. I am hello
Hello, Mr. Mill yes, sir
Alice who is it?
This is a man
Busy as a three-legged bird dog in a cubby of quail huh
Yeah
and
And oh that was it. Oh, okay
I'm I waited because I was positive there might have had to be more because he saw it so he sounded so authoritative
And so pleased to be on the radio to share his expertise with the audience to share something
WQ I am hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir. I got a couple for you. Okay, five will get you ten
Not a woodbine it won't five dollars to get you ten said it would buy me. Maybe that's what they meant by that five
I'll get to ten sent and two peas in a pod and two peas or five long time
Okay, yeah, pali
See yeah, he sure tickled a hell out of him. You must have found that further again
First the feather was in his camp and then it must have been that dome got in his place somewhere because he was just tickled
That's what that it was okay. It was you know what not maybe the greatest call in history of the human race
Seriously well when is the last time we didn't anything like this that's had this kind of response
I mean it's probably only 75 million stupid expression
But when's the last time and now are you are we gonna find out where that damn sonic was? I'll I'm sure I'll get the information
Yeah, I'm not the huh, I mean I'm not gonna drive a lot of time right now and go on down to my amitagot find sonic not
But those would see that's another thing like adventure car hop in sagas mass. I told you already warned from our
Arnie woo-woo again and not Arnie Warren
Arnie Ginsburg from W. M. A. X. and Boston he owned that adventure car hop
And that was a great place on the way to rocking him park to lose our money back when I lived in Boston in the early 60s
Always with stuff at adventure car hop and it was those those were great the old car hops
Am I right? Yeah, no, I like the a and w used to go there all the time and
In some of those places the girls would come out on roller skates. That's right. Am I right? Yes
And of course then when they would trip and fall and trade would go flying and all your food on the ground
It wasn't quite so cute when the food would go flying
And some of those heterogies got to look up her dress while she was flopping
That's right, but whatever thought it was somebody else's food. Right. That's right. Oh look at that
She's Sarah over there. She just took a slip and fall and all the food went flying
But look at that, you know back. Yeah, that's what it looks like to me, but never left
So we are really kicking a big family today. We'll find out where that Sonic is in fact
I wouldn't be surprised if George takes the whole family out this weekend of Sonic
Hey, if one was close by you and you know the well I'm gonna find out for you where it is north Miami's not like a million miles from Hollywood
Where you are for Christ's sakes would you? No, no, but still last time I look
Whatever his name is Josh quarters and put no stories up
Where are you Josh? Yeah, so you know that check I was thinking about for Josh
Yeah, occasionally I said I'm gonna listen a good moon wanna you know send away
Nice job, John
People that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two-hour
This court finds you give to
I
Burn it
Where is the part and who needed the most I can't believe this I could actually go to jail
Cuz scooter there be as totally toast
Crap not working for you
They said he skills me all the way
He lied and now
He's
And we just need to see him gone
Shoulder saliva just to get us to war the whole story was I can say
Live
Sky high while we're getting poor
Push and chain me must have been high to think we let them
Just need to see them gone
Live behind a bad day
Shooters don't know if the fence is on but they figured it out
It's when you are told
Genie sense of life. They're all going down
Nothing out of that fight you let us
Us a safe clear
I hope they long down to you and changing you a time
It will be yourself
I
Want to one at five sixty W. It's our award winning gigantic one to our let me just take a look and see now
Maybe I'm picking on Josh quarters needlessly, but yeah, well, I think he probably did was he you know
He posted the stories and he forgot to hit the button whatever. No, there's nothing on there
There's nothing on there and
Work work and he be working
You know, I'm saying the met texted
Yeah, send him a text message and say hey you jackass you just blew a nice fat check down the drain because you ain't doing your job
I mean wouldn't it make sense for him to like to double check after we does that just to see if they're on here like oh
Yeah, let's see. There's all the 20 stories in the assembly or sometimes eight or nine or ten or only seven or eight on the weekends
You know because I don't want to overwork his fat ass
But nevertheless we do the best we can house judiciary committee chairman John Connors today
Yes to them. Sorry. Well, whatever
Central editor of the US Attorney General Alberto Vio Fadganzala's demanding answers to allegations that he may have advised the president
To shut down an investigation of the White House's domestic wiretapping surveillance program because of his involvement with the program
It would be an extraordinary abuse of authority if you advise the president on this matter after learning that your own conduct was to be investigated
Connures wrote
Roth story reported earlier yesterday in a statement released by Senator Russ Finegul that expressed some of our concerns about the reports
Concerny the attorney general's possible rule in blocking investigation which he may have been a target. I'll ride put him all in jail
Throw away the key
Connures also issued a statement about ABC News reports of emails linking Carl Rove to the US Attorney firing scandal
These latest reports if through our proof positive that lower level officials in the Justice Department are being hung out to drive
So the statement this goes all the way to the top of the justice department the most senior White House staff
Connures question the truthfulness of testimony given to the West Congress by the Justice Department and but it be pretty good about well there you go now you go John good
Oh, I'm sorry. I should have shredded that I tore it up on the area
560
560 leave a rise did we ever find out where Sonic was yet or what when you're not going there anyway? Oh, Chris found out he looked at one is in Naples
Now that is not true
Really because I'm on their website and I put in for the closest one within 150 miles of Miami
I got an email here the close ones at the hundred Miami one they found one and they also had that other email before from somebody who said
There's a sonic and date county and together Godfather guy. Oh, they must be drinking something because go to the sonic website
closest one is a West Coast
The closest one is on the West Coast
correct
Are you sure well look into the bottom of that before this hour's on I'm gonna tell you right now right
Well, kid the bottom of the sonic dilemma. We'll find out what intersection it's supposed to be at and just
WQ a n hello
Checkers so I don't think there's any sonic's down here
No way no way checkers down here. Yeah, there's chubby chubby checker down there
W checker you got it. Okay, okay, I'm saying how to down delabies at chubby checkers
Well, this is a real dilemma that we got in the middle of now all of a sudden like a one minute one guy saying one thing and then the next
Minute I'm getting a message yet. There is one I found he did a he did a some kind of a search and
Chris of course who's to anything it has to do with food he searching for it with both hands
WQ a m sonic line hello
You yes, sir. What's going on? How you doing?
Love him the show today of course
Pretty confident aren't you?
What do you got pali?
No, okay pretty confident aren't you?
Yeah, in your case, I'm sure you're like it because what else you got going on. I have no nothing
Yeah, this is turned into a real mystery now real dilemma the sonic thing you know one minute
I'm here one thing and the next minute I'm here
Another thing and then probably a couple minutes on the channel
So I if everybody in Dave County or even all over South Florida head out for sonic tonight
Just start looking for just stop at every street corner and say don't they is sonic
Don't is WQ a m hello
Hey, Nino. Yes, sir
Good morning. If you watch on
This man the Valerie plane that's the money. Oh people should be good to the firing squad. Yeah, okay
We know that it's old news WQ a m hello
Neil yes, sir. I can't believe it's been an hour man and nobody's given you the real definition of the GFE yet
It's a code word man. Yeah
It's a code word that means the girl will do a monocle of energy without a condom
They can't well, isn't that nice? Okay. Well, I want we wouldn't have is that on the sheet you had there that gave you all that information
You're right. I never got that far. Thank you Steve. We got it here north Miami 149
75 West Dixie highway what a guy is so now we need an agent to go over there and order up a bacon cheeseburger
North Miami 149 75 West Dixie highway. Well, I think I think we ought to like send him a bill or something
Because you know the power of the show back when we used to have an audience back when people used to
It's right listen to me so I remember those days wasn't that long ago, man till Joe Bell came to town
Well, there's that Peggy Eddenfield again with no teeth
The child of the child lived in the same mobile home park as the suspect. Oh mobile home park see trailer trash
See what I'm saying. I don't want to knock everybody lose in a trailer park, but Josh says the story's been up there
What city was that also
What what are you talking about 149 75 West Dixie highway? That's North Miami, okay
What are you questioning now? I got that information from my main man on there my number one correspond to the universe and the
Teleando you're questioning how big your pardon
No, he's not an evil illegal alien
Oh, you never know what am I looking for? Oh, I'm looking for the stories are not there
Well, if they are then he must have posted them with yesterday's or something like that
See the stories may be there, but the stats are just not sure what I'm up on today
I don't know and you know what I'm sorry that I even mentioned sorry Josh and you're still like it no check
Well, what did he say what what what I'm curious? He said he'll go check and then he came back and here he is now and he says I checked in the
Rept there
Yeah, but what about on the stats thing it shows no stories it shows no stats
He said I'm on his
I beg your pardon. He said it does on his it shows stats on your page for today. Yes from March 16
2007 this doesn't show any story read by anybody doesn't even show any
Get out of here. I saw a gaslight man. You got to be kidding me boring movie
It was great. Yeah, there's no sonic on that address either
Well, what does that mean?
Oh, this is turning into a
Mess what how do you know there's no sonic on that address?
If you put a sonic driving dot com
Yeah, have a store locator button you put any address or even just like a town and how many miles away from that address and it tells you
Where the closest ones are?
Maybe maybe it's subsonic maybe a super sonic
It'll be a shame if people started wasting their time going there and like you've come to find out it wasn't there
Maybe it's a decoy, you know, that's right. Somebody's waiting there to make it something else there
Maybe there's one of those hot to go is left over from the Pepsi people
Wasn't it Pepsi was a coke I think was Pepsi, wouldn't I don't recall they started the hot to go because they were pissed off because the other
Chains were only doing Coca-Cola coke instead of Pepsi and so is as their way of rebuilding we're gonna show you guys a thing or two
We're gonna put all you fast food guys out of our business
So they open up those hot to go they weren't so hot and they did go they were guys and go away Pepsi has lots of businesses like Taco Bell and KFC
For example, Miguel said he's gonna go check for us
Check for you what it's gonna go drive over to the address
He's gonna drive over to that address to see if the sonic is really there
Well, that would be quite a shame. It's got nothing better to do their damn few stations in America that would do that for you
Where they have the promotions guy go and drive over to see if they're really a such a place
And we're big time here, huh?
We're big time we can maybe that was out there information that my buddy found on the internet's there
That could be it. I mean just because it's on the internet
It might have been there 75 years ago. It might have been there when George Washington was a baby for all we know
But will Miguel's gonna go right over there and check that to me sounds like that
Not far from where the well-known since the up to three a few blocks because I used to live there and
Twin Lakes Racking Club. Mm-hmm. I'm 441 and 100 and I want to say 51 right by their year Golden Glades Interchange
Back when there were like 10 or 20 white people lived in that neighborhood and part of town
I mean, I'm just I'm just saying it like it is, you know
Not to the same thing wrong with that but that part of town is kind of changing demographics in the intervening years
Eric says yes, the stories were posted with the wrong date for some reason. Yeah
You won't see the stats until tomorrow. Oh, I don't really care what the stats are all that much
Is just that if I don't see anything on there to me I start getting panicking like that you know me
Yeah, just like that because I think oh error. What's his name?
Justin put them up there at all so they are on there somewhere just look around you'll find some crap
Just like the sonic thing if it's not right where we told you was just keep looking around you'll find one so
I guess what what we found something you found someone
Their website you have to like
Check different things and if you check everything to the club
There's one on 1520 North Miami North. Wait a minute. So there's a bunch of Sonic's around and we'll count more down in the day counting
For it. We have one. I'm sorry. These are three are Kansas
So we have 1520 North Maine Miami North what?
Never mind the sites all messed up
North America yeah, I'm such before they're giving us a whole local home and also
You know this is turned into a real
Picking a poke to go back to the original topic today. You're poking a pig. Yeah, poking it
I mean, what are you talking about
Hey, I'm just looking at this. I thought you just said you found one. Okay, and where does it say Miami?
It says like I clicked on it Miami Ohio. Yeah, it's like Miami Ohio Miami Kansas everything else
We're not getting a something for Florida right now, so what we'll keep checking
This has become a little I don't think I can emotionally deal with this
I mean ask me if I care do I really care? No, it'll be nice nice for the audience to find out nice for everybody to find out
I mean don't be so Miguel is really on his way over there to that location see if they're really is a Sonic
Apparently, it's what he said that now that is special. Thanks Miguel. You're the best man
That is really I guarantee you the guys across the street aren't gonna be doing that
You can be damn sure that Sid Rosenstein grants burger shorts. He ain't doing that
They're sitting around fat and sassy now. We're gonna have big trend. We had it
It wasn't something first of all and believe me and ain't gonna happen again
Hi there you
bruh
still
Hi there bothered by those pesky religious fanatics
Excuse me have you made peace with the ultimate supreme being?
Leave me on!
Yes, you could try blowing them up
Pardon me sir, but did you know that your moral soul is in danger?
But think of the mess not to mention those legal fees. That's why we at Lingham Labs have developed Jehovah Way
The clean simple way to rid yourself of those annoying acolytes
Jesus
Knock it off!
Where are we?
What are we doing here?
Man, I gotta get a life too!
Yes, Jehovah Way proven safe and effective and for those annoying encounters at the airport
It's new travel-sized Jehovah Way
Hi, they're Christmas! Christmas Christmas!
Hey, where do I get the stupid clothes and what's my hair? My hair!
Yes, Jehovah Way, little spray that keeps fanatics away
Look for it in the pest control section of your local hardware store
Okay, 118 at 560 WQ I am the mystery continues
I went on the sonic thing myself just out of curiosity and I typed in Miami, Florida
And anywhere there's nowhere within 10 miles according to that
Then we get this back from Tracy and the king of one of our regular friends who says
I don't know the exact address but there's a sonic burger on Biscayne just north of downtown
Just out of the new times building, have a great day, you two Tracy
So there's two sonic stuff we got here and we get better check it out
The one in North Miami at 149.75 Dixie Highway
I mean it's entirely possible that maybe they disappeared and maybe these are new locations again
Possible or not as the case may be but I will say this
At least got us off those stupid cliches and expressions that we're getting 80 million phone calls about
What was it on Biscayne?
It doesn't have an address, she says there's a son for you are really something because there's a checkers on 1650 Biscayne Boulevard
Yeah
Maybe they're seeing checkers and thinking it's sonic because you know as we all know Tracy's not all there
Well, what does that mean? I think he's confusing Tracy with Tammy. Oh, I apologize and I apologize Tracy's a sweetheart for you
It's been nice knowing you man
But you got 10 female listeners and friends about eight of them they got you know an IQ larger than their thumbnail
And he's ripping Tracy. I think they're both going to come over and kill him cool good
She said is a sonic burger on Biscayne just north of downtown just out of the new times building we'll find out from this crowd WQA and hello
Yeah, speak to me speaking
Neil yeah
How about you can't make a
We're done with that crap. Okay WQA and hello
And the how you doing okay sir? There is a sonic on southwest 104th Street just
of us one
104th Street Southwest just east of us one in the candle area that is correct
Maybe Josh calls
Information and says give the red the phone number to sonic on south goes on in 4th Street names crazy. He may get it
He may get it you may get the phone number and be able to
Lay this just to be the rough. Okay. Thanks pal. You got it. Okay. There you go call up
411 if you can handle that
Take your finger off the food they call it finger food. He's fingering it
Take the finger off the food log it up to a stick it in the phone. They're called 411 ask for sonic. Where did he say?
104th wherever where he said
Maybe you're something maybe there's a bunch of them and they just aren't on their website yet
Maybe they just from open maybe they replace some of the old checkers with some right I mean this guy sounded lucky and IQ
Larger than this thumbnail. He sounded legit sounds legit to me sounds like a human being right WQA and hello
Is it Neil? It is
Neil how you doing? I've been listening to you guys for 20 years. Love to show excellent. Good taste
Hey, the closest sonic I know of is in Arcadia. Extern year in Arcadia. There's a good one there. That's where the nut houses too
Hey, yeah one more thing. Yep
Cali shake my humming. I fuck
Yeah, right. Good bleep there too by the way not
I even hit it again. This is me on the safe side. We all did. Oh, yeah
Anyway, so we got Tracy with the one and then Steve said is one of North Miami and this other guy said there's one in Kendall
I think there's a sonic at every street corral. Oh, if you ask me
I
Sure hope at least it's like CS one of those things. You know like your hope. It's lucky used to be you know
Yeah, it's really good if people are all the effort to find it WQA and hello
Neil yes, sir the one that's on dick the highway
140 something or another long gone gone about
Eight ten years now really yeah, it became a
Jamaican place, you know how the neighborhood is. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, but you should know anything that's
good in South Florida as a blast that is that is correct look at flood rockers look at
Some of the other chain. Oh, are be um hardy, you know, right on uh-huh, you know
So yeah, I kiss that one goodbye. I know there's one of four peers. There's one in Naples
See in South Florida, they can only have things that you can you can gum you can't you have to don't need to have teeth to eat them
Well, let's just go and get the next blender that's on sale at RJ. Okay. Take care
Yeah, Apple sauce doing how about a take out apple sauce to be good. Oh, oh all much
Yeah, I mean you don't have to build a drive for these the senior citizens will build one for you
Everything that you can gum over there you could have apple sauce
So what I'm most sexy highway
I wouldn't be wasting my time going over there because this guy said it's long gone like like somebody that
The good things in South Florida used to be what video they probably bailed out just like I did
So that one's gone, but then we got the one in Kendall there, you know, and now did you call up?
He's on the phone now he's on the phone right now getting the address and finding out the exact location if there really is a sonic burger
You'll hear it first right here, man
Are you sure
Well, one exciting week. I was started Monday with a 1500 and some odd votes and just about shattered the I mean shattered the world record
And out of the day we got this sonic business. Okay, which
Quite frankly didn't everybody think that they were long gone now. What's the story Chris? You like yeah
411 has no sonics listed at all in date or Broward County
Well that's that
Well, that's the guy talking about Tracy's got this one here. Maybe people are remembering sonics that were there
You know yesterday
But these are people who live there see
Like Tracy actually lives in this guy to call the
Yeah, so Kendall 104th I drive Kendall a lot. I don't remember seeing a sonic at all
And you know this man would remember a sonic if he saw oh
Oh, I'm gonna pop it. We got to go to the canes after this. I'll check 104th in Kendall
Well, but we're jealous. Oh, well, hey McGell you better
Tell him to forget about it, but bring me back a bacon cheeseburger anyway
Oh, man
Bring one back from the AW you know here. We got everybody all whipped up and we thought we really had our
Our finger on it so to speak focus says they have them in Orlando. Well, let's go to Orlando. I'm on my way now Q a.m
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What about the big one that got away. Yeah, okay. W Q a.m. Hello
A meal
Yes, there is no
Sonics and day County this like you've been said, bro
I drive all over day county every single day. There's no sonic that was there on way 60 highway
It's left in 1997
1997 brother. Sorry, man. Love you, Neil
Thanks for the bad news palies. Thanks
So there you go. We're doing a little investigation. It's where I work on here
We're saving some people a lot of drive around when it be something to make your plans to like go ahead dinner
There's something tonight and then you drive over there and there's like a big empty lot
I'll tell you what else I wonder if it's still there
You know what that was that diner. There was the first McDonald's in Florida
Right on a biscane boulevard. I know that when you're talking about with the
The very famous diner that was been there for a zine years and they're both gone right the brown derby
What are you talking about making a joke? No, you know the diner I'm talking about yes
Very famous place and and the McDonald's there was the first one in the state
And I had actually gone through there you know, gone through the drive through there a few times 100 years ago
That's long gone
And and you're telling me that it's not interesting reminiscing about the places that are gone at least we at least we do a pubic service until the audience
Don't go there. It's not there. No, no, don't go there man
You're wasting your time and you're very expensive gasoline and thank you mr. President for that very inexpensive
Vaseline so we misunderstood
We thought that a guy was saying thank you for the low prices on gasoline and it's Vaseline
Because that's what this is about synopsis are doing to us all don't send five pages of sonic maps from university dodgy
maniacs
What what does that mean why are they doing that?
What do you mean why?
Because they can no more so what are the maps to tell you not here
They don't exist the closest one is like in the Orlando Melbourne
Oh
How to stress again depressing everybody was all whipped up into a frenzy about this it was like all good times
Maybe good times. I'm gonna play that theme just to piss you off
And there ain't no sonic no mo well
Just like that song by bill withers ain't no sunshine anymore. Remember that depressing to go withers
He did lean on me. Yeah, he was depressing like Bobby Goldsboro
All those suicide records, you know, and if you and if they weren't about suicide when they listen to me wanted to commit suicide
Mm-hmm 26 pants one so there's no signing in
Any mo
I'm a girl says he's turning around. Yeah turn around Miguel. Sorry. Thank you anyway pal. Thank you
Well, say the gas the gas Boston Armand Lake a guy like Miguel. I mean, you know, he's a good guy
But he can't afford to be wasted in half a decade gas just to drive down there in the sea. Oh, that used to be here like
What do you guys say 10 years ago? He's probably in the QA with Van anyways
He's probably sitting in the parking lot
With somehow chick who's not his wife. Oh, I'm sorry. That's I that was a bad idea
27
27 past one at five sixty WQA
Good what was it you heard me
I was visiting for some excuse me sorry
Old days
This town was once alive
They even had to regret
There were things to do all night
Broward and in day but the old fart walking dead and the power to let
The crooked wheels who just got off the boat I heard he'll ride your
This is the day that Miami died
The best for the one who brought us home
Through Miami
Then you believe there was a time
They had casinos and hallendale
Oh my god try to organize the crime
But the experiment had failed when the brain did gave you down and door the false of sound
They pissed along the plate
It's a big cut in the screen
I heard the old Rogers
Oh well
I'm touching it baby
Well, punch it again
Yeah, the day radio died how about a sequel to that brother
And here I thought there was no chance to be anything in that oh yeah
I don't know what oh yeah what
Burn me once I found out that there are those things usually come in
When you least expect that
I see
Well anyway I hit the thing 400 times if that's enough too bad
Here's the fact that says these guys these jokers are mistaking checkers for sonics
That's a checkers on 104th in Pinecrest
Not a sonic okay
I have no idea what the one that um oh and Chuck wants Tracy's picture on the website
No way Chuck just leave our listeners alone okay quick look into molest all of our listeners
Chuck says this is a great fact over him Chuck. He says this is really special
Last time I ate at sonic in Tampa. I had a double burger within
This is great with the minutes. I had violent diarrhea and I had to go to the bathroom
The sonic only was a drive-through we needless to say I went in my pants. Thank God they gave me a handful of paper napkins
I drove back the
And I drove back the next day to ask for my money back and they were closed
Said Chuck what a story how's it up to make you up Chuck
Oh, well maybe there's maybe there's a blessing in the skies there you see right
Speaking of stupid cliches. It's a blessing in the skies
There is no more sonic because it'll just go right through you like an h-bomb
Like a nuclear weapon in your kishkis. Well, so there you go wait we tried
And for just a couple of times there for a couple of moments see that anything really good like that in the food in the area food man
A lot of good stuff that's come to town though, especially fast food things chains like that
Mm-hmm, and they they just you know if it's at least it all solid like if there's any real meat in it
You know then you require actual teeth to chew it. It probably can be around too long
Which is kind of sad
WQIM sonic line hello
Hey
Yeah, yeah, you don't listen
I know that I'm anti-plotive said that impeachment was off the table
But just hearing the start of Mrs. Plains the testimony
You know, I want to know what's going through this woman's mind
The only thing that she sure said was she has no idea how many of her contacts were killed worldwide
And the extent of a damage that Carl Robin arrested a bushman to dip towards this country
That's her major thing was a weapon to match the stuff
No, okay pal. I'll call Nancy right now until I pass it along you if there it
I mean, what what do you want me to do about it?
So I mean everyone like fix it. Oh, I'm gonna okay. I'll fix it on Monday
Let's rest up over the weekend. Let's drive around looking for sonic burgers
And then once we get a good rest and a good meal on our perfect then then we can roll in like Ross furrows is roll up your streams and do new do
Lift up the hook that engine and get out the old studies and do do do
I think I sonic man. He did did did
He do did it Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, listen tell me all that the closest
Uh, Sonic is in Melbourne. Okay. I looked it up on my GPS
You're positive now. Yes, sir. I am okay. Thank you. What you want the address? I give it to you now
Well, no we're not going to Melbourne. I'll go into that
Okay, thank you closest Sonic is in Melbourne. So I get my car right now. It's 130 in the afternoon
You can be up there by a rush hour time
You fill it up and then the way like I said bring up some depends like the astronaut like the lady astronaut
I bring a whole bunch of depends because from what Chuck said it might might be kind of interesting drive home, you know
So I'm gonna Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? I'm the topic of a restaurant attrition in South Florida
Yes, there was a place called cheeseburger and paradise that opened up in the fashion mall
It was right next to bone fish grill, which I really don't care much for
It had great burgers. It was real cheap. I'm using nice atmosphere
He listed after about eight months the places shut down because they shut down the whole fashion mall
And I've not heard any plans of the place reopening. So
It's another one of the great restaurants that just disappears in his car for the course man
Typically, I never go on pally thanks for the bad news man
Well, let's South Florida for you can't complain about the taste in tongue as there isn't any, you know
Not saying there aren't any good restaurants left because that would be really a stupid and bad thing to say
There are some but a lot of the places that we used to love man long gone
Long gone including sonic evidently all gone
And let me ask you this
Since it's the same ownership. Why is it that people are getting checkers confused?
Oh with sonic like Tracy am I
I'm gonna lay out same kind of sign? I don't know
Same kind of sign that says what this is sonic and over on the kidding. It's really checkers like that
There's no it is. They're spelling it wrong. Oh, so KERS right sokers
I wonder how Bob Soaker is doing
Remember our good old weatherman Bob Soaker are ready from channel seven wonder how is he doing still fat probably
W.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm a son of a there's a
There's a place on Griffin Road. It's where he has to yilvin Boulevard. It's called. Oh, yeah, uh, W.A.M. Hello
Neil. I'm yes, Neil. I've never heard so much misinformation in my life
Checkers and and sonic are not the same company. It was checkers and rallies. Oh rallies. Oh rallies
Those were the and checkers is garbage
Sonic used to be down there used to be a location where you said on North Miami Beach or on
Dixie highway. They used to be one in Davie
Um on Nova Drive. There used to be one in Kendall and I think there was one in homestead
Neil used to weigh 360 pounds believe me. I know my junk food
Here is that this is a guy we can trust. They are long gone since about the mid 90s mid to late 90s
They're all gone
They're in other parts of Florida just like hardies is long gone and there are other parts of Florida
Hardies and water burger which is also another good chain. They have in Tampa area Orlando and the pan handle not down here
Um, but sonic is long gone from here whether the lever tried to come back. I don't know
But this is an area that you know, I don't have to tell you you're long gone too
No, but there's been a lot of misinformation. There used to be sonic's here. They are gone
Thanks pal. This is the voice and the body of experience. Well, I'm no longer that quite that body only 260 now
I'm not congratulating. All right. Thank you. Yeah. Okay
Well, he's probably glad because it sounded me like he liked sonic and he's glad they're gone because he would know
Like with Chris it's good thing that it's not there because Chris would be if that one in Kendall was
Still open down here. You'd be stopping there tonight two three four times. Oh, yeah, sure
Guarante you wouldn't be going there. I mean, I went there a couple times. It wasn't like a push. I went out of my way to go to
Oh, Tracey and Kendall says thanks Chris. I was wrong. I was thinking sonic, but it is checkers
We still love you Tracey. You're the best
I was wrong. It's amazing how we're getting misinformation from some of our most trusted correspondents today
Which is of course, which is good because it's helped to kill a whole hour here
But no mole you might like sonic but it ain't round no mole
Just like him
Now what's all just happening or don't tell me I knocked the thing that's the audition line again. I hate when I get so animated
David that I just
Clang on that thing and knock it off the
I went for new systems
I was thinking about losing weight
I stepped on the scale and I got a measure and say
We said we need a mister is always so much that we can do
I think life was searching for me the only thing for you
I'm certain of my fighting on the right
I'm sorry
I don't have to
I don't have to go and dance
I don't have the worry about no
Vogue is around my fuzz
Because life was such you know
I'm a brand new man
Look up the mover
Fuck the fat out of splash you can't
Fuck the fat out of my baby
You can't suck the cell you bleed
Something bad off my head
Hey, suck the way you're around me
I'm not going to step on the fat all the time so anyway sonic forget about it
It's long gone ain't no sonic and date ain't no sonic and brown or ain't no sonic and Palm Beach
Ain't no sonic no mole anywhere near any of you folks unless you listen, you know
Listen on the internet. Mm-hmm. No dropouts today. All right
Let's see here's an email on my mind space from somebody says jordanos jino's east and the others are all okay
To very good but lu malnades and
Duay are the best of the best
lu malnades and pizzeria duay
Says I agree with the people who say that pizzeria duay and jodanas can be inconsistent
But then malnades is consistently good. It says don't go to any of the suburban locations
Which are essentially franchises and where quality can be can very wildly to put it mildly
Widenly to put it mildly always go to the mother church location to get the real thing
Thanks very much whoever said that in for them
So the deal is the real deal the real deal no punches pude is
The lu malnades and pizzeria duay
Uno duay train pizzeria train pizzeria quattro and yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda
So that was pretty exciting about all that sonic stuff, huh? Yes, it was but mystery salt boy. We're like the Scooby-Doo gang
Oh
Man, that was a zelma, huh?
So how's the goani?
Yeah, that's what I thought you said well at least we got off this stupid thing with these clichs anyway
There was a great there was a great sonic. Oh, it was super sonic
That's the way I would look at it when you say a little bit
I'm positive that I never ate there, you know, I'm a just it just I mean I know I know what it looked like
Because I remember having seen him what back in the day, you know, when I was there when I was forced to be there
But I'm just positive. I never ate there
Thousand ninety-one votes on the pool. I'm not going to a&w after the show, but I doubt it
Well, they have the diet route here now, right? They do
But they saw the story as soon they have it at the restaurant a&w makes diet route here
Well, yeah, like in a real supermarket. Mm-hmm
I don't really go to the real supermarket that often I have two of them very easy walking business if I want so lazy
But it's just so much easier to go to like here. That's why they call it convenience store means everything is priced triple the ordinary price and you don't have to go too far
lazy
The dumbest expression that people say is I hate this pulls down to 18.8% let's hear it
Not bad
I hate this full toy
Well, our goal was to get under 20% which was really scandalous and obnoxious two shakes of a lamb's tail 128
Well, that would be good to order exotic two shakes and a lamb's tail if they have that
I didn't have great milkshakes too. I
I don't recall ever having one there
I
Thought that's one of the things they were really famous for the long. I'm sure
What do you say Chris? Well Chris never went to Sonic. Did you yeah a couple times?
You didn't know it's not too excited about it where the shakes is good as stake in shake. I don't think I ever had a shake there
The stake the shakes at stake in shake are absolute phenomenal phenomenal not good sensational. They're okay
You
Who the fuck is
You know this is a guy early in the week. He was kissing my fanny so bad talk about that bit. I just played
I mean, I was like losing weight from it
I'm picking a poke 89 never stole a freight train 78 and I think of Peter Paul Merriasing
Frey train freight indonesia. Let that song freight train you got it. I look for it. Well, I love that song
I mean a lot of other people recorded it, but the way they do it the way they did everything Peter Paul and Harry
Never stole a freight train 78 in a cool day 72 you don't have it. Oh, I'm afraid train
Frey train. I'll sing it look at these foot 68. Uh-oh. They're feathering your cat 50. That is a door nail 50
I never heard a demonstration 44 44 people just don't ever get out of the house
They never interact with other people not a bad idea sometimes. You know what I mean 32 what do you think?
What I mean
First time caller long time listener 31 you go girl 24
I hate when they say that to me you go girl
dumb as dirt 22 at the end of the day 18 back in the day 18 and I in your heart of hearts uh 16
As the crow fly is 16. I wonder if the crow flies right near your heart of hearts. Why sure hope it doesn't pierce it
Wet my whistle 16
Thanks for taking my call 14. Oh, I despise when they say thank you for taking my call
I always say the same sarcastic thing. Thank you for making your call to go as well over the head
You know because it's even done with the Anderson
Uh, hop skippin a jump 14
Sounds very to me hop skippin a jump my ass
Uh, moving along. I'll hang up and I'll listen 12 walk off home run 11 walk off home run ridiculous
He died an untimely death nine. I'd much rather die a timely death
Uh, get her done a get her done
As sharp as a marble eight nothing not for nothing seven good to go seven not hot to go but good to go
You shouldn't shmit where you eat for who to thunk it for who did it who to
Make it snappy for is the Pope can't like three pack your patience three
Your patience. That's like shopping at Best Buy, you know
Uh, win-win situation two have your cake. You need a two a two
Have your cake. You need a two-two
It is what it is to you are what you are and it is what it is in the mix two
I heard that one and none for no skit off my ass hot to trot by hooker back cook or if you were in my shoes
If you are shoes, we both have corns, I think the way I look at it
You got corns
1096 so in other words woman by the time we come back well, we aren't really coming back
1103 now came in just a big chunk came flying in there now
And how about that super duper Tuesday of February 5 next year?
All these states going to be voting on Tuesday
Super duper Tuesday, Californian, Missouri and all the Arkansas and Oklahoma and New Mexico and Idaho and
Whatever that are you tall?
Wow
Now we're starting and Barack Obama is gonna kick ass
He's gonna clean up at that point Hillary Hillary one hour and she'll be sulking in a corner. You're watching
Good like an old washer woman she'll go off in a corner with her pale and
The biggest thing about so far is
The biggest is Leo Rodgers is 42560
Oh
No, the sounds crazy, but she drinks more than she is
Nicole Patti's like a rock star
Oh
Jessica
An pive
I think she keeps driving around looking for Sonic if he asks me.
Look at that plane.
Give it up.
Aino Sun.
Aino Sunshine and Aino Sun.
She wants to drink and smoke and dance there.
Oh, night.
All right.
She is the same with real cream.
Oh, yeah.
My daughter's name.
Oh, skin, let's get it.
My baby's still in the eye.
Skin, let's get it.
My baby's still in the eye.
Bye, bye, bye.
