Why the earth you bastard?
Tonight, a WC-43.
Join your favorite radio sport holes on TV.
It's the 560 Sport Hole Radio Christmas special.
Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Drop dead of the history of safe ways.
Put her down to none.
How lazy fun!
Like splashes of bad manners in my life.
Ho ho ho ho ho!
The better check your mail, the better check it twice.
Check it all day or check it all night.
No checks will be coming in the mail.
Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Go to hell!
Do you know what I mean?
So today and Monday,
the rest of the day said the better.
At Christmas, there were things in other works that I can't talk about.
But you never know.
New year we might wind up someplace else.
In fact, our exit from here might be very soon and very expeditious.
wouldn't that be a wonderful thing?
OOOOO!
So, less of the better.
Do you give that? I got it.
Good. I said nothing.
Commissioner, yeah, I noticed you've been really quiet.
Who was in there during the crossover?
I'm thinking you were yucking it up with.
I'm thinking...
We're trying to think. Who was it, Chris?
Some female. Jen.
Oh, Jen. Jen.
Yeah. We were exchanging presents.
She gave me a shirt.
It was a sterical.
The shirt.
I see.
Commissioner Robert McDallis says the FCC won't move forward on any pending indecency complaints until the US Supreme Court weighs in on the issue.
McDallis says what happens is going to determine the course of action that this or other commissions take on the issue.
And November the FCC asked the Supreme Court to overturn a ruling with struck down its fleeting expletive rule.
Well,
screw you with the FCC.
Okay, you guys wouldn't know radio if they jam 400 of them up your collective arse.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
What drug gave you the best experience?
And we certainly are recommending drugs, although, you know, whatever you like to do, go ahead.
1018, 2018.
Why do I say we aren't recommending drugs?
We're working in this business and in this place, you need all the drugs you can get.
Alcohol 243.
Grash 240.
Almost a dead heat.
Even Stephen.
I never used drugs of booze, 112.
Potter cocaine 78.
Quailude 61.
They get really lured when you give them a quailude.
Let me tell you right now.
LSD 57.
Exocc 53.
How she's 51.
Oh, today's the last day of Hodge, by the way.
Well, good.
Then let me forget to rip the egg.
I'm going to admit about this.
The Jesus Christ is that is.
All right.
Oh, they're taking the Christ out of Christmas.
I was reading some stupid article by some Jackass, some right-wing Jackass.
Oh, you can't have Christmas without Christ.
Well, guess what?
Well, sugar 39, morphine 24, crack 22, laughing gas 17, speed 11 and heroin 10.
Out of 2018, what we eventually did give 1000.
I mean, you know, took all afternoon, but I don't know about today, though, Chris.
I think 900 would be a nice goal again.
Stop good to me.
What was the goal yesterday?
800?
Oh, nine, I think eight nine eight eight eight.
So 12 on a pool today so far.
It's going to take a long time to read it.
Anyway, we're going to get into that.
This business about the taking the Christy Christmas has become a cultural holiday.
For some people, it's a religious holiday, but in a more generic sense, it's become a cultural holiday.
So that everybody, even if they're not Christians, who don't believe in all that crap, they can celebrate it.
They can exchange gifts and have fun into whatever they own, and part of the culture of it.
Right?
Go to Christmas parties.
Shrooms around.
Right. Right.
So when the far-bison, when the religionist, the Jesus Christers, is world-of-the-all calls,
then want to keep injecting, sticking Jesus in the face of those of us who don't believe in Jesus,
that's what it becomes offensive.
And this is the thing about the religionist and the God Squad that just really frosts my fat old nasty smelly ass,
and that is that you people don't understand.
That just plain common decency dictates if you want to believe in something,
and you and your family want to celebrate it, whatever.
Go ahead, have a good time.
Leave the other people alone.
Don't use your religion as a weapon.
Of course, that's what's going on in the whole world, and always has and always will.
That's a weapon.
Oh, don't take Jesus and the activity seen out of Christmas.
Why not?
Why can't we just have, you know, I mean, you do your thing in your house,
and don't put it out in the front yard, by the way.
I got crazy religious people living in my neighborhood there in plantation,
and they really pissed me off.
But anyway, what celebrity death of 2007 was the saddest to you?
And look at that.
One more heartless at this time of the year, goodwill on earth and peace on man, man.
We have 621 vote, but none of these 162.
Couldn't you find an at length he lists there's somebody that you were disturbed croaking?
I voted for somebody.
Yeah, I did too.
I probably had a father dry, and he only had the two vote.
Me and one other.
One other astute person.
He was a great guy.
Great priest.
Great liberal.
A liberal priest.
Oh my God.
I don't think he even molested any altar boys that I know of.
Right.
None of these 162, Molly Ivan 75, Kurt Honigue, Jr. 41.
Luciano Pavrote 36.
How's that?
Why?
Evil, con Evil 33, Dan Fogelberg 27, and Nicole Smith 26.
Mr. Wipple 22, actually I prefer her son better.
We didn't put him on there though.
I don't know what his name was.
Dan, Danny, we forgot.
Mr. Wipple 22, Tammy Fei, Mr. 20.
Phil Resudo, the scooter 17.
Merve Griffin 17.
Hey, Merve, you fairly.
I guess it's too late for him to come out now.
Brad Delp 14.
He was the lead singer of Austin.
I grew old up before to show this morning committed suicide.
And if you listen to their music, you'll understand easily why.
Boston was good.
More than a feeling.
That was one of their songs.
It wasn't a problem with their music.
It was the problem with the stations that played them into the ground.
It was the ground.
There's no question.
No question.
Oh, they just killed us with it.
Yep.
Charles Nelson Riley 12.
He vined to Carlo 12, Robert Goulet 12, Art Buckwall 12, Bill Walsh 11.
Norman Mealer 8, Brett Summers 6.
What a nasty Emmy who knows.
Maybe she was very nice and very sweet.
I doubt it though.
I turn her 6, Reverend Jerry Falwell 6, Dave Halberstam 6, Wally Shura 5.
Four's Yeltsin 5, Dennis Johnson 5.
Who the hell's Dennis Johnson?
I don't know.
Was he one of the beat-
Exelting?
Huh?
Exelting?
Goulet.
Goulet.
Franky Lane 4, Max Roach 4, Marcel Marso 3, Hank Bauer 2.
Lady Bird Johnson 2, Beverly Sills 2, the Reverend Robert Dryan 1 and only 2.
God, he was a great guy.
Tom Johnson 1, Pound Paul Sullivan 1, Madeleine Angle, Lane Goulet, I don't know who that is 1.
Langle?
The other hand is the one.
Tommy Makeham 1, Eddie Robinson 1.
Did you ever see Tommy Makeham?
The Arthur Schlesinger Jr. 1 and none for Betty Hutton, Harold Madison Jr., Mr. Butch, Ray Ann
Dunlund, Bradford Washburner James Kelly, I was 6-2 on those last few people.
Betty Hutton I knew and now she's dead.
I have to be really old, really old and moldy like me, remember Betty Hutton.
Dennis Johnson, nicknamed DJ, was an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Superconics, Phoenix Suns and Boston Celtics.
He's dead, died February 22nd, 2007.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
Wow, so that's the one and basketball player.
I don't know who that was.
Lisa, a food and other game last night, boy, let's get some hockey talk on it.
No.
Not, they really suck, man.
They just tear my kish-kish-ish out.
It's that twa Friday, you bastards.
And for Mr. Arkalli, I hired the Olsen twins.
On Broca of Fishing Pole, and a nutless fruitcake.
Hope Jason Giamby likes my steroid-free protein shake.
I got a dad through the courts, sent to Lindsay Lawin.
What's got Peter's been some shorts?
Cause hell is where he's goin'.
I bought lots of scimpy clothes for the desperate housewife.
I hope OJ loves my gift of free sharpkins soon night.
What jam in a nipple ring?
Got star Jones a real man.
Torn ashly sims into sing and a cold kid men are tan.
10, 15 to 5, 60 W to QM.
Happy holidays from all your friends.
There's nothing wrong with saying happy holidays.
It covers it all.
All these far-bisoned play-a-man, all these crazy people.
What?
You will acknowledge our God or will kill it.
This fox-crowed man is the John Gibson Billorani crab.
Oh, they're taking Christmas away.
The anti-Christian crowd.
Yeah, right.
Leave everybody alone.
Go celebrate the roast spin your dreidel and stick your baby Jesus
where the moon known shine.
And leave everybody else alone.
Okay, to drink some eggnog and get drunk.
And have a good time and give some gifts and whatever.
Right?
Right.
Keep it simple, baby.
Keep it simple.
A former dolphins chaplain is the subject of velocity against the arse d'isies of Miami
with allegations that he sexually abused a one-time altar boy.
Oh my God.
The abuse began former dolphins chaplain.
The abuse began in 1977 when the boy was 13 according to the lawsuit which was five
of the date circuit court yesterday.
The priest took him to the dolphin games and introducing the players and also the coach
Don Chulas house for a tea.
What kind of a 13-year-old kid drinks tea?
The players and coach didn't know the boy was being sexually abused.
The lawsuit stated.
The players and brainstorm.
The abuse went on for five years when the priest took the boy to off-scale restaurants,
gave him booze, and took him on overnight trips to the Florida Keys and North...
Carolina.
The priest was identified as Donald Walker, who at the time officiated at St. James'
Catholic Church.
Walker was transferred to a Persian napal's after the boy's mother learned the abuse
to the lawsuit like, oh boy.
They may not be good, but at least they're consistent to church.
They just keep shuffling them around.
Oh, we got some problems over here.
He's diddling some boys.
So set him over there to diddles some boys and napals.
He's now a retired priest who lives in Venice, Florida and runs a nonprofit called the Daily
Walk Ministries Napoles.
The Archdiocese of Miami is through the statement about the allegations.
The Archdiocese takes any allegations seriously and has stated our policy we report the
allegations to the Audi Audi this set.
The lawsuit filed by Herman and Murmelsstein is asking for $10 million compensation.
So when you go this Christmas holiday, all you Catholics out there in South Florida,
when you go to church and put your money in the basket, just stick a Tisca to the basket,
let's put some pedophile repellent money in the basket.
That's what it's all about.
You keep paying your money so you can pay off all these grotesque lawsuits.
I bet you a lot of people are going to call in and they wish his happy holidays.
You want a bet?
No, don't go to the QAN, hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Hi.
Could you please...
Could I please speak to somebody that might know where this package could possibly be?
What are you talking about, his package?
Yeah.
Where his package could be?
In the end we'll get a search party.
Who's the QAN?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I mean, how's the Christians like to do, a Jewish person came up to them,
is that happy Hanukkah?
Yeah, I mean, you see, nobody that I know of says that America is a Jewish country,
but there are a lot of entitlement A-holes who run around all over the America's
or Christian country like Ann Kolder for example, man Kolder.
Yeah, like you.
Like you, the Christian.
America is just bored and they want something to complain about, that's it.
Everybody, everybody, that's how folks.
See what I'm saying?
Oh, I know.
I'm going to complain a lot of stuff today and Monday, you'll see.
All right.
In fact, if I was smart I would have just launched right into it now,
but why do I want to do that?
Because I know a lot of people want to share their best for the holidays
and so far I think we have their best for most first couple.
That was their best.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, look morning.
I can't drink to me, please.
Right?
Yes?
Yeah, look morning.
Good morning.
Oh, you're chronic.
Get out of here.
You make me sick with a bad voice.
You're annoying.
See, one thing on this show, and that's one of the reasons I've survived all these years
in spite of these bad truths, I don't believe in chronic.
Nobody wants to hear chronic.
I'm a sport chosen and elsewhere.
It's like, oh, hey, here's somebody we know.
Nobody wants to hear those people.
There should only be one celebrity on a talk show and that's the host.
And maybe, you know, maybe the little George.
Every now and then.
Huh?
Yeah.
You're, I don't know what your story is.
It's a good thing you're on vacation.
I know.
I'm already on vacation.
You're bad.
You're really in bad shape.
Uh-huh.
Everybody say a prayer for George during the holidays, okay?
I don't think he's going to survive it.
What are you so worried about?
Huh?
Nothing.
Is something we can help you with?
Uh, no, money.
Oh, here we go.
It's money again.
Oh, I'm going to kill myself right here on the earth.
Hey, you asked money.
I'm fine.
Everything's fine.
Where are some money from chicken neck?
Oh, yeah.
He's like, 30 Q.A.M.
Hello.
New.
Yes.
Could you help a little bit?
I want to buy it.
WQ.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I'm not going to say happy holidays.
What are you doing?
How about that?
Well, because I know you'll never mind.
Hey, I want to let you know.
If you really want an animal, because you said on Monday that your victory lived up to let you have animals,
you can go to your doctor and get a note.
And the doctor will say that you need to have an animal.
No, you learned some plain and you couldn't have one.
I was just stating a fact that I'm not allowed to have animals in the building.
Because Ellie Breffer was bugging me, do I have a dog?
Well, if you really want one, you can have one.
Let me see it again.
I don't want a dog.
I don't want a perikete.
I don't want a cockatoo.
I don't want a orangutan.
Get out of here.
Go away, lady.
You can get a doctor's note saying you have to have a...
I got news for you.
You get 50 doctors notes.
They're not allowed to know pets in this building.
They don't want no dog poop all over the place.
No dog poo.
Is that like a Hispanic thing, poo?
Are you kidding me?
No, I'm not.
Poo.
Yeah.
I don't want to get too deeply into that.
I don't even know what you're saying.
First of all, we don't use that word to cut with yourself.
You're Mexican bashing again.
I don't want to go into it.
Just talk about risk for tend.
I didn't say it.
Just ignore it.
We don't use that word.
And she didn't call and ask about what I wanted to know.
I don't know any Hispanics that use that word.
If that's what you're asking.
You want?
I don't know any Hispanics.
What are they saying?
What would his Spanish call fart?
Is there a word for fart?
Yeah, pale.
Pale?
Pale.
Pale.
Maybe that's why I heard you in the elephant.
Right, pale.
The elephant fart song.
Watch yourself now.
We're trying to get this thing ironed out very elegantly here.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
How long, Nioh?
Yeah.
What is fast-hanging flesh show on the air?
What would you think it would be?
I don't know.
That's why I'm thinking.
Last day of the year, December 31.
And that's his last day on this station, that's correct.
You know something?
Our last day on this station might be that day too, as a matter of fact.
Well, I'd love to have you and him together on the air one last time.
Yeah.
To come to this hotel memory lane.
No, yeah, memory lane.
Nobody wants to hear a couple of old fat Jews going down memory lane.
Okay, just relax.
That would be a good idea though.
Last day of the year, maybe Hank and I can confabulate together.
Do a little cross-over, cross-dress.
Remember those days when we were doing the cross-over?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm sure they want to wish you a happy Hanukkah and Niel, so at least allow me to, I think.
Yeah, okay, over to all.
That would be Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-L, how long I wish line, yes.
They'll?
Yes.
I was just wondering, I know I know why these leads are going to get rid of you.
Yeah.
He brings out the best of all these haulers.
What the hell was that with?
The box you know it.
Yeah, I hope not.
Talk to you later.
You should live so long, Schmuck.
That's what always cracks me up is that people have absolutely nothing to say will call and it happens to Zidian times.
And ripped the other haulers, I mean rightfully so, but who the hell are they to be ripping?
They got nothing on material.
That's their material is talking about how everybody else don't have any.
Really, brilliance sir, very good.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Which celebrity death of 2007 was saddest to you?
I'm not going to read the list because none of these is kicking ass, 173.
Of course when you add all the other ones together it beats that.
How does 669?
I don't know, I think maybe we got a shot at the 1000 today.
I don't know.
I mean there's nobody around.
It's the Friday before Christmas man.
This is the, is it today or tomorrow?
That's the busiest shopping day of the year.
I guess tomorrow.
But today's got to be bright on the ass heels, isn't it?
Did I mention I went to Woodbine yesterday for the quarter-slot guy, 116,900 bucks that I mentioned it by just did?
I'm on a roll there, I think I'm going to just get out of here and go there and play, play the slots all day.
Do it.
Quarter-slots.
Now I've played the dollar, a wheel of fortune again, and I've put in 100 bucks and I've played it for like almost an hour.
Just kept, gave me 200 on the line and 150 on the wheel.
Just kept me going and going and going and I got back to even and I got 1500 bucks on the line.
How do you like that?
Uh huh.
I liked it.
And it came and paid me off and I ran out of there like somebody had stuck a match under my ass.
I flew out of that place.
Good plan.
And so I got $1,600 and somebody else's money, see a buy, buy buy.
And I wasn't even playing the quarter-slot.
You know what you said yesterday is so true that as time goes on.
You know maybe one or two they disappear, they vanish for a while or whatever.
Now they're like the old rate influx of new A-holes.
Sure, they're the other, they keep making more.
Yeah, there's a factory where they went and doubt they stamp them out.
What the biggest name?
The best town ever.
The most famous in the world.
On the 80s, 20 to 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
There you best, dude.
Next, the malls with cards of credit.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Fizz the cease and again in dead.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
At the mall with my friend, Darrell.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Parking wood, arizing hairwood.
Riding with my word, weiss.
Mile long lines and browning faces.
Reed us both with verbal disgraces.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Shopping sure no pleasure.
I must resort to drastic measures.
La la la la la la la la la la la la.
Get out of the way, kid.
I can go all the way around here.
Push the kid and cuss the cashier.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la.
After this I'll need a cold beer.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Say it, Harold.
I'll get a little grass.
You'll make this any happier for me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Where were you in my age?
All of a sudden Christmas is 19% revolving credit.
And six months to pay it off.
Hey, you, I saw that place.
Hey, give it back right now before I shove my booties.
Oh, I'm your low lives, I don't know.
Yeah, oh, ho, ho, to you too.
Hey, miss, how can that possibly be out of stock?
Do two people realize there's more than one customer who might want to buy it on special?
Where's the manager?
I'm the manager, you got a problem.
Yeah, I only wish the happiest of holidays to you and your sir.
Hey, kids, come here, come here, come here.
You'll be singing, okay, yeah, yeah.
I gotta get out of here.
Merry Christmas, yeah.
Well, it's gonna be a long drive home.
Happy generic holidays, everybody.
1032.
And guess who has got a card?
Maybe an online card, I guess.
I don't know what this is, but it's a picture of Johnny Dork.
For the mustache and a big cowboy hat.
Dressed up with a cowboy shirt just like the back-end and doodod days.
Remember those days doodod?
Sure.
And it says, thank you so much for listening for the past six years.
I've decided to take a break from radio for a while.
So it's with mixed emotions that I tell you.
I'll be leaving Kiss Country in my last day will be Sunday, December 23rd.
Johnny Dork!
The past six years have been so much fun.
I've enjoyed talking with you on the phone, meeting you and playing your favorite songs.
I'll still be dancing it round up.
And maybe you'll hear me again sometime in the future, but for now it's goodbye.
Once again, thanks for listening.
I hope you have the best holidays ever.
It writes Johnny Dork.
Johnny Dork!
Johnny Dork!
Yeah, right.
Put it in anyway.
So there, I can't believe that picture.
Wow, a mustache looks like an old coupe cowboy.
Like a little hoop Gibson.
Johnny's on his way out to the end of the year.
They're going to know any of these stations.
Everybody's on the way out the door.
Like a log jam at the exit door.
WQA-M, hello.
Neil is a fondament still a priest.
WQA-M, hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
This is a little probably untimely, but you heard the dogman call after the touchdown Monday.
The football game, the crazy call.
No, I did not.
Oh, you didn't hear it.
Oh, but...
What?
It was they were screaming in yellow like lunatics.
Yeah.
Keith Oberman had a great line when he played it.
The highlight.
He played their call.
He goes, any resemblance between that call and the Hindenburg this after was purely coincidental.
Right.
And his new book is coming out next Tuesday.
You're still a fan of his or...
Keith?
Yeah.
Yeah, I like the fact that he rips Vouchin' ass and he tells it like it is on the air,
but as a person, I wish he would do something evil would happen to him.
Yeah, I know you didn't like it.
You did it with I miss this.
That's correct.
That is correct.
But I still watch him every now and then though, but not like I used to.
Yeah, his special comments for all those blab things is coming out Tuesday these days.
Okay, great.
We'll go by the book.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
I speak here, please.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, I have the holidays, brother.
Back to you, sister.
Hey, so what are you doing for the holidays?
Going to Woodbuy and win some money.
Yeah, I'm going to play the quarter slots.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Good morning, sir.
Yeah, hello.
Yeah, I was looking at the poll.
Didn't that jerk off Televangelis from Fort Lauderdale die, too?
I can't believe he was handed it.
Yeah, but the question is, which one of these people said, who's death sat in you the most?
Why would anybody be sad about him?
Nobody would be sad about him.
Well, there you go.
That's why he's not on the poll.
There was another reverend who died and he was kind of the father of Televangelis.
He was a great humbard.
Remember that guy?
He croaked, too?
He's dead or is in the door now?
I don't know that.
What a great ear.
Yeah.
Jerry Falwell, D. James Kennedy and Rex Humbard.
I'll write Rex Humbug.
All right.
Happy quenzo.
Thanks for the good news.
Happy Hodge.
Remember, Gil Hodge's?
Russ Hodge's.
The Giants win the pennant.
The Giants win the Russ Hodge's.
Now maybe you got that call by a doubted.
Now we don't want to hear the call.
Well, what's wrong with you, Chris?
You're sorry I got it ready to go.
We don't want to, well go ahead.
Go ahead.
Thirty-six.
Thirty-six, Charlotte.
De Maria comes to us.
De Maria comes to us.
It's time for the formation.
I'm in back to throw.
Got time.
Over the middle.
De Maria's got it!
Horting!
He's back on the table!
De Maria!
Come on, De Maria!
De Maria!
De Maria!
De Maria!
De Maria!
De Maria!
We're not going in for that one baby.
A 64 yard pass completion.
The Camarillo who...
I love this Camarillo!
The entire team is jump Camarillo in the end.
So to see him white, let's wait a little bit to win it too.
Still live over there.
I'm not going in for that one baby.
I'm still here.
Soak it in.
Why should I be surprised?
Why should I be in a state of disbelief?
The less said the better.
Like I said, that was at the top of the show today.
Today and Monday, the less said the better.
Somebody please get us out of here.
Please, please, I'm begging you.
I'm begging for somebody to throw us a rope for the life raft to test to it.
Please, please.
WDQ-I-N, hello.
Yeah, speak in the ill-please.
Speaking, yes.
Nail.
I was just thinking back when you played those old details WGingles.
You just played all the Gingles from New York.
Radio has been demolished in the last one.
You're K-L-W-U-M-T-S-O-N.
Yeah.
The best.
They've just taken basically personal, they've made it corporate.
That's right.
Like they've done anything, Nail.
They've taken the record industry, the whole business, they've demolished it.
I mean, it's as bland as white bread.
And I'll tell you one thing, my friend.
You have been one of the shining stars in this business,
and we're going to miss you.
You are the tops, my man.
What do you mean you're going to miss me?
I'm not going to be on this station, but I'm not leaving.
I hope the guys are still in the market, Nail, or at least national somewhere.
I'll be on the market.
Publix.
See you, Pali.
Thanks.
I'll be around.
Don't worry about that.
I'm taking out a sandwich board.
Nail Rajan is going to be on Yadi-Yah somewhere, you know.
Hopefully very soon.
I mean, who would have thought like two, three months ago,
who would have thought that all of this would come to an ugly end like this?
You know what I mean?
Everything with them is always an ugly end.
Never, never like a man, never like in a responsible, you know.
Although maybe we're working on that.
We'll see.
Because there's one word that they give them.
They just don't like the Haiti, you know what that word is?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, they just don't like that.
W-A-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Rafael, the cleanup, my car and I got grease all over it.
Oh.
W-A-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yeah.
Earlier you were talking to that woman, you said you didn't want any animals.
But I just heard you the other day saying you'd love a cop or two.
Dump it.
I would, but of course, I don't have the capacity to do that, but nevertheless.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Now must have been somebody knows Jolly Joe.
He was about almost as funny as Jolly Joe, but not quite, but then again, who is?
I got his name.
The best talent here is the Logics.
425.60Q-A-M.
The fourth leader.
A U-B-S-D.
Rune off the red neck reindeer.
He lives in a mobile home.
He likes to kiss his sister underneath the mistletoe.
He feeds up his kids at Walmart, and yes, he only has two teeth.
He used all his empty, bare cans to decorate the Christmas tree.
And then one drunk in Christmas Eve Santa came to the trailer park.
Instead of giving kids their toys, they'd drink moonshine and the dog.
And now we be hit and they've been a Santa's slave is up on blocks.
Rune down the red neck reindeer.
He collects wealth, bear and watch his cops.
1044.16-11-560WQ-A.
Who we left off the list and Chris is the one who needs to be beaten to a bloody pump because of this.
Is that Sean Taylor?
Ah.
Now, you put that on there.
We'll get 45,000 votes, because even people who never hurt a Sean Taylor were carrying on.
This is the worst thing that could ever happen out here.
Oh my god.
It was like that Britney nut.
That guy.
And how f***ing there?
Anyone at the...
That one.
Right?
Right.
There was a lot of gnashing a teeth and carrying out.
I mean, it was a tragedy and so on.
Even the line never hurt him either, because I don't pay any attention to the redskins.
They suck, especially Joe Gibbs.
And then right after that, right after he got murdered, then the following weekend, Joe Gibbs did that stupid ass thing calling the second time out.
And getting a 15-year penalty and giving a field goal to the opposing team wherever it was and giving the game away.
Well, he was under a lot of stress.
Oh, boy.
And maybe, just maybe he didn't ask Jesus for help with that.
And he's not alone as born again in Christian Creeps, Joe Gibbs.
And guess who just died also?
You'll never guess.
He was the producer who helped build a major TV and movie studio, Frank Capra Jr.,
whose father directed the Christmas Classics of Wonder Whole Life, his died he was 73.
Capra died once in the United Hospital in Philadelphia after a long fight with prostate cancer.
His screen credits include several major motion pictures including 28 days,
the divine secrets of the Yaya sisterhood.
Do you ever hear that?
Yes.
I didn't.
Right.
And you see, what?
I didn't work.
The Master of Disturbance, Black Knight, and a walk to remember.
He was also at the Hamlet Dawson's Creek, starring a then-unknown Katie Holmes film that studios and kept online with the studio sound stages full in recent years between movies and films.
And he was filming another successful teenage soap, One Tree Hill.
Capra Jr. said his father had no idea he was making the classic when filming It's a Wonderful Life.
And I can understand why, because it's a very corny and very bad and overplayed movie with Jimmy Stewart, Donner Reed, and Lionel Barrymore.
Oh my God, It's a Wonderful Life, My Aunt's.
And of course, this tab of the year between that and Christmas heroes, they just jammed that down your throat over and over again.
It's a Wonderful Life.
Bad flick.
W.A.M. Hello.
Even D.Phone never had so much corn.
Q.A.M.
No deal.
Yes.
I was up and I'm person around with my windows down.
Yeah.
Big Mac in my mouth.
Yeah, okay.
While Shubon and your Dome and the little camp it off perfect for the holidays.
It'll camp it off.
How we doing on Chris's pool?
I think we got a shot today.
7.16.
Woo!
Look out.
We're going to be dangerous man.
My, my, my.
I look out now.
I was just going to play bits today, but I think the way the phones are just smoking today with all these really good calls.
Monday, that's all I'm doing, because it's Christmas Eve.
Right.
And you're going to be on vacation anyway.
And they don't want, you know, and it's not that they don't want to, although they don't want to.
But there's nobody around.
Although I'm told that Zach is threatening to show up one or two days next week.
And Cordis, I don't know.
Well, you know, I only, how do you like that?
I just got through sending him that thousand bucks.
Wouldn't you think he'd go out of his way to help us out next week?
Oh, we're talking about jump to it.
Maybe he, yeah.
Maybe he just hasn't been on high pants.
Well, I'm grateful little bastard.
He's, I think Brandon's got a good point about him.
What, what?
Oh, seriously, what's wrong with that kid?
I don't know.
Hope he shows up today.
I got a, just like a dog.
What?
Got a Christmas present for him.
Hope he shows up today.
From, from you?
From me.
I get from there.
For everybody.
Isn't that sweet?
Well, and what, what?
Here you are, belly aching.
You don't have any money, which I'm sure is true.
And belly aching about, oh, I'm going to take care of you when I do my next deal.
Right.
And we're like a real radio station in your, right?
And all panicky and psychotic.
And you keep buying presents.
You just, yeah.
That's, that's me.
That's your nice guy.
It's like me.
Right.
Just like me.
Like who a fallin' other job.
I mean, just to stay alive, just to stay afloat, I got to make at least $5,200, $600,000,000 a year.
Just, just to keep everybody happy.
That's on my human payroll.
And I still just keep buying crap.
Man, Rolex watches and stuff and furniture and you name it.
Sky's the limit with me, because that's me.
Santa Cal.
WQAM.
Hello.
He told that gentleman to stick a big one.
I got his, I'll just rip them.
Yeah.
And.
Oh, this is a guy who's doing an narration on the show.
Okay, thank you.
WQAM, hello.
He leaves me, G.I. alone.
WQAM, hello.
All I want for Christmas is Christmas for my fridge.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How have you just relaxed?
What was stopping you going into it now?
What?
Speaking their language, getting into it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're doing screenless holiday talk.
I don't think anybody has said to have a great holiday
to you and all the audience and everybody else, all our good friends in South Florida.
Right.
And that's because everybody in South Florida pretty much hates each other.
Like poison.
BAH!
BAH!
Oh, it's a holiday.
BAH!
Like that.
Although I will tell you again, we'll make you feel better about being there.
The driving here is so much worse than it is there.
You can't even begin to believe.
I've heard stories, yes.
The worst driver is a scared drive, right?
And the people here are scared.
They are slow.
They are so slow that you just want to scream.
You just want to carry on like a lunatic and roll down the window
and just scream until your vocal box breaks.
It's just, I've never seen anything like it.
They just refuse to go.
Let me Qion, hello.
Kion, BAH!
Let me Qion, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Merry Christmas and happy Shakenenigo, whatever you celebrate.
Right, yeah.
I don't celebrate any of it.
Okay, well that's probably a good thing.
But I know you buy gifts for people and that's very nice.
Yes, I do.
As far as vocal bars, we know those step balls, beesies aren't paying them.
But can we buy his CDs anywhere?
No.
No, you can't.
You just got to listen to you.
Yes, correct.
And we'd love to listen to you, Neil.
Keep it going.
Okay, thanks.
Have a happy sir.
Okay enough.
Enough of sucking.
56670560, 0560.
I can't believe we're getting a lot of calls today because I would have thought that the Friday
before Christmas, I would have thought this would be because here yesterday, man, they were bailing
out of town, out of town, their way to the airport like crazy.
Everybody's zooming out of here.
Well, of course, part of that.
And maybe they'll be coming down there to see you guys.
Yeah, then.
Maybe much of frogs are going to be coming down there too.
A bunch of y'all.
The curse of the frogs, man.
There's nothing worse than French Canadians.
Let's do that pole again.
Who are the worst bastards on the face of the earth?
French Canadians are just a regular French as in from France in your pants.
726 votes on our world famous pole.
Now, how's, uh, did we put them on there?
Yes, we did.
Where is he?
Sean Taylor's already got five votes.
See, I told you.
He's going to go zooming up there.
Wouldn't surprise me if he wins the pole.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Man, there's not the horse.
Q-A-M, yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, Merry Christmas.
Back to you.
Even to George too.
Yeah, even to George.
Aw, thank you.
Hard to say.
Hey, that, I did want to take it.
That was the first time I heard that call.
That was pretty funny.
Uh, with, uh, Mad Dog and...
Yeah, it was, uh, something.
Yeah, if you're a fan, it was funny.
But anyway, uh, I just spoke to him.
You, uh, I've been listening to you for a long time, Neil, and he brings me.
There'd be sad ending for me because me and my dad, back...
Back in the inquisitor general days when he was around, he listened to you.
In between dies when we were out in the boat.
It's going to be sad when you go.
But I think when your contract runs off, you should probably just reach out.
Look at that was coming.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how about playing some old, uh, Dan Ingram or, uh, cousin Brucey?
Polly.
Well, what does that mean?
Some old Dan Ingram or, uh, cousin Brucey?
Well, what does that mean?
You know, some old clips you always play.
I don't have any clips of Dan Ingram or, uh, cousin Brucey.
What are you talking about?
Sure you do, I've been doing this.
No, I don't.
No, I do not.
Oh, come on.
I know I got it.
Oh, I thought you had it.
I thought you were, uh, even if I did have it, I don't want it.
How do you like that?
That's all right.
You're right. You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.
Looks.
You know in America they tried hockey on TV 100 years ago.
I remember it very well.
And it went over there and, uh, who that was the guy, did the game.
Jim, not, uh, Palmer, what that was his name.
Jim, Palmer, he was the most boring, the most, oh my God!
I slide on!
Here is the golden sun!
HCF!!!
êtez!!!
He's caught.
Ricky Storm!
Mustow and here to extend this shoot out.
He goes wide!
And Copeland makes the same.
Pretty exciting, huh?
Not.
Boy.
Who the hell was that?
He's out.
Cut down the angle.
Makes the same.
Look to what he does here against the lock up.
He scores!
What a maneuver for that is.
This whole shootout thing, man.
It just leaves me limp.
But nevertheless, you know, everything they got to try to spice everything up.
Now that's what sports is all about now.
That's where they're like 75 different guys in the booth broadcasting all the football games.
Try to spice it up and, you know, slap each other on the ass and yuck it up.
Ho ho ho ho!
And you're wondering what the hell are they laughing about?
What is so funny?
In fact, that Danny goes on.
They're actually consorts with Shannon Sharpe.
I figured it out last weekend.
Chris, you know what it is?
What's that?
Danny likes being on there and right next to Shannon Sharpe
because it makes him seem that much more articulate.
Maybe that's true?
Yeah, yeah.
Makes Danny seem like a rocket scientist.
Ronnie and Danny Bois.
Get out of my way.
I was just holiday-wise, too.
Quickly ship me an hose and I'll pull it.
For later.
Roger, shout.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Who's that supposed to be?
Any questions?
Just hear those APM's ringing in, give a meme buddy Yahoo!
Come on, it's bloodly weather to go back up together with you!
Charge it up, charge it up, charge it up, go home
Let's jump in the hole
To the tune of twenty percent or so
Charge it up, charge it up to twenty grams
Now check out my plan
I'm writing a book and it looks like chapter 13 of Gen
I love to hit the lottery but I'm an unlucky old smooth
So I guess it's lovely weather to go bankrupt together with you
You, you, you, and you
As you said, smooth
It's eleven o'clock, how's Joe Paluka doing by the way? Is he dead and the Alcat?
They're both dead again
Joe Paluka and Alcat?
Andy Cap
And what about the smooth?
I think he's still going in?
Yeah, Andy Cap?
We got seven hundred and seven votes on the poll
We got a shot at that thousand, man
And if we can get eight hundred by noon, even on this day, that'll be seven forty three
I think you got a fighting chance
Chris and then if you get to the thousand, they might give you the show when I get out of here
Yeah, it's the Chris show
Oh my god, can you imagine that?
Hey, gotta be improvement over some of the crap they might put on here
But like I said, I'm low key in it today and Monday especially
Monday, I'm just playing the rack
Maybe just Monday will put some people up on the rack who ought to be there
I don't want to mention any names
WDQA and hello
Mr. Niel
Yes, sir, Mr. Collar
Let's just schedule for next week
Have they been working on Christmas?
No, I don't work on Tuesday
No, that's a good job
I didn't know if Jerky Joe was going to be taking over four years of what was going to be happening
No, the Christmas thing, buddy
Back to you, Paluka, wow
5,6,7,0,5,60
The smoothness all of a sudden have just faded badly
Of course, that's because the delay hasn't caught up yet
Our twenty-five minute delay
Once he catches up man, this phone is going to explode
BANG
We'll see
5,6,7,0,5,60,5,60
It's a chance for you for free to come on a year and say
Happy holidays to all you bastards or whatever you want to do
We don't care today, it's one of those
You know, I don't want to overdo it today
A lot of people are taking off, like I said, a lot of people here yesterday
Like it got out of town, headed for the airport and they're like taking a long busman's holiday
Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday and Tuesday
Five days, a five-day weekend
Sounds good to me
WDQYM, hello
I'm Aiden Sannin
WDQYM, hello
Hey, tomorrow we're going to get food in them
WDQYM, hello
I want to have sex with a donkey for Christmas
WDQYM, hello
Deal
Yes, sir
Happy holidays to you and George, most staff
Back to you, thank you
Hey, for example, it's birthday today, Brownie Brown
Yeah
What's your birthday?
What's your birthday?
For whose birthday?
Oh, this is that in the beginning
Do it!
Plan!
Stick it!
Yes, stick it, I think, in your case
Do it!
Get yourself some mental helps, sir
I'm sure they've got some low-cost clinics where they can give you some real serious ass systems
WDQYM, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Are you Rogers?
That's me
Uncle Neil
Yeah
I'm a little bit...
What?
What do you got?
No, I've just been listening to you, I'm 35 years, we're the same, I think, and I've kept my passport and I'm moving to Mexico
And I just wanted to say goodbye
Okay, well, good luck to you, sir
Anybody would move to Mexico, a boy needs some serious ass systems, wow
In fact, I got some people you can take with you
Oh, that was bad
And very untrue, by the way, you were so unfair to Mexicans
Just a lot of averages says there's about to be a few good Mexicans
I imagine
Just a lot of averages is made to people in Mexico
I've only ever met one I didn't like and I told you about that guy
Well, there you go, see?
I don't think I ever met any I didn't like yet
Yet
WDQYM, hello
Hey, you know, I was your diabetes doing
It's doing bad, very bad
Very bad, I eat, it's a miracle to me that I'm still alive, I have no idea why I'm still alive, I have no idea
I eat crap, candy, ice cream, just by the bucket full, by the barrel full
Okay, well maybe you should share something with Charlie Joe Bell there
Yeah, okay, WDQYM, hello
Don't Bell's my plan
WDQYM, how many is, yeah, I'm sure that, QYM, hello
Hey, no
Yes, sir
I just want to say all the sheep out there that Christmas is a fake holiday
It's a one of fake holiday
It's a fake holiday, put up on a retailer
All you do is get broken, bigger rich, I'm tired of it, I'm leaving
Okay, see ya
CN Mars is about ready to get hit by this big asteroid, so I'll see you on the red planet
Now what's going to happen if Mars gets knocked off orbit or something?
On, it's going to be the entire, what?
How do you know that?
I don't, I'm just kidding
Isn't that screw up the entire solar system? I mean are we all kind of in concert?
You know the plan is like this?
You miss it about my plans, yeah, I don't think so
Yeah, I don't think so
You miss it about my plans like Tessio would say
Let's play a whole bunch of Godfather crap
Where the hell is that line by Tessio? I'm, you know, here it is
It screws up all my range, right?
All my range, man, that's right
Time can you give me your dog?
Roll time, say
Can't do it, Sally
Can't do it, Sally, and they say don't call me Sally
Don't call me, so you watch the entire Godfather, huh?
Not the whole thing, I guess you didn't do it
Hmm?
You see what I'm gonna want?
What?
There's Josh Quartus
We can put him on the spot about working next week
Yeah, what is your story, man? I just sent you a bunch of money and now you're shining us
What are you talking about, man?
I've been told that you aren't available to work next week when George is on vacation
Of course not
Of course not what?
Well, two reasons, number one I would never work on Christmas
But number two, I'm gonna first of all, I'm not gonna be here on Christmas
You don't have to worry about being there on Christmas
Okay, I leave Sunday
Quartus is gonna do this show on Christmas
Which God only knows what kind of show that's gonna be, but anyway
Well, I'm flattered, you're asking me to do the show, is that, is that what I'm getting here?
But, but either way, I'm gonna be up in like New York, man
From the 23rd through the 27th
So you still haven't spent that money, is that what you're saying?
Oh, you noticed the check out cash, did you know?
Very fast, yeah, I did notice you know
I thought I was gonna get, you know, two checks there
You stiff me for a while, but that's cool, man
Ha ha ha ha ha
I'm just gonna have to get it all off of it
Everything that Brandon has ever said about you, I multiply it times a million right now
Who's that, is that the guy that hates me?
Yes, that's the guy that hates you like poison
And once you're a Russian ex-girlfriend
Well, good, well then again, who the hell are you?
I don't know, I'm gonna get in line
So you gotta be in New York next week, so you're not around
No, that's okay, Zach is already volunteered, because Zach actually likes this show
Well, maybe when you come back from New York, we'll already be gone
I hope not, man, don't say that
We're gone, we're gone, you know
Don't say that
We might be someplace else, we might wind up somewhere else on the dial
It could happen fairly soon, very fast
Could be like some kind of a radio explosion, yeah
Like Rondi, as we'd say, very soon
Well, happy holidays, Neil
Back to it and don't dispense it all one place
I'm not grateful, bastard
Hey, it's all right
W-Q-A-M, hello
I'll get this to happen
W-Q-A-M, hello
If something happens to Mars, you can kiss your rein, it's goodbye
Oh, all right
W-Q-A-M, hello
My god, that's my wife's smell down there
W-Q-A-M, hello
Neil
Back to him, yes
Neil
What are you doing?
Neil, yes
Neil, long time listener, I've been listening to you for probably about 25 years
What's this rumor right here that you might believe in us, Neil? What's going on?
It's not a rumor, it's not a rumor
Are you really out of here, buddy?
Out of the station, yes
Okay, are you still staying on South Florida radio?
That is correct, first I know if anybody wants me, if they don't want me, I'll just go kill myself
You do not have a job yet, Neil
No, not yet
Okay, Neil, what's your last day at N-Q-A-M?
I haven't got any idea, I don't know, I'll let you know, just relax, could be up to a year, but I hope not
Neil, I love you, I want to wish you a very happy holiday
Okay, and the same to you, sir, I haven't had any happy whatever, you're just killing me
Wow
He's a good guy, but just annoying, you know, there's some people that are good people, but they just, they don't mean to be annoying, they just are
And that was him
760 votes on a poll, wow
I think you're going to do it
Oh, I might hit that grant
767, I've flown on many of those, I prefer the 747 myself
Come back from Amsterdam, I was in the upper deck aren't you impressed?
Indeed
And nobody next to me, when I flew over there was nobody next to me, and coming back there was nobody next to me, and I don't know about you, well you haven't flown that much
A long time
A long time, but when I fly, and especially the kind of ridiculous rates they charge in business class, unless I'm taking a friend along or something like that, I don't want to be sitting next to them stranger for $70
Especially somebody who smells bad or is working too damn much wine or just, you know, slobbering all over the place, I don't want that
I want to be alone
Yeah, it gives you more room to spread out and throw your crap around and your newspapers and stuff like that
WDQYM, hello
I'm out of your mouth
WDQYM, hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
What are your plans this year, New Year's Eve, what do you do then next?
I'm not working on New Year's Eve, I do nothing, I stay in, I stay away from all the crazy people like you
Are you going to miss Hank?
Are you going to miss Hank? What does that mean?
Like you know, your friendship, I don't know, is it going to end? You guys talk closely up here?
No, we don't
So you're going to miss him then?
I had dinner with Hank once at Pompano Park many, many years ago
So the relationship will be officially over once he leaves the day?
No, what relationship? What relationship are you talking about? Start getting out of here
Jamit, jam on it
WDQYM, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hello Neil
Let me try it again, yes
Hi, how you doing?
I just went to George about four o'clock this afternoon, I'm heading to a Cuban mountain
I don't know if that's where he is going but that's where I'm heading
Going anywhere
Good luck with you
Hold up there right now
That's what I'm hoping for, I can put it in my mouth
Okay, the locals call it
Whoever else is, it's everybody's up, there's got Cuban, they're all all over
Oh I see, look good, good luck to you, everybody's got a house up there, the Cuban
WDQYM, hello
Hello, now
How are you this afternoon?
Okay sir
I have a Godfather question, can I get a little music in the background?
Maybe
You remember in Godfather 2 when Michael and his wife are attacked in their room?
Mike where there's no other trouble in life with their toys?
Yeah
Right after that attack, Michael's coming in the room
He goes to Tom Hagen and says you're going to be the new Don
Right
And then you don't hear anything more about it, do you remember that scene?
Yeah of course
Well how come they didn't really go into it anymore about Tom being the new Don?
I mean that was just...
He used to use the new Don for a few days until Michael showed up in the next scene again, okay?
They didn't want to waste any more footage because it was already a 75 hour movie
Okay
And you do notice that when Michael ever says anything with the word R, it comes out with a W like Waco instead of Waco
Waco yeah, Waco, he's a twerkwiste
A twerkwiste
See you have the right day Neil
You too
He's a twerkwiste
And then of course Michael has one of his many diabetic attacks, his seizures there
He's a better runnykin oran's hallucinant
Can be, you remember that?
Yep, they just had it right there off screen
That is whole tray full of juice and candy
Yeah well they always have that as a Vatican
You know, a lot of probably never know about that
A lot of sweet treats
Sure, that's a good idea
You get those altar boys man, little candy, little something sweet
But anyway and then of course he's our cake
Cake, he's offering cake, cake, they were a guy
And every scene he's eating cake, he's diabetic, he's like me
He's addicted to sugar man, that's the problem
From minutes after 11 and 5, 5, 60 that
And of course he's eating pasta too man
Mine, Javanje, oh mom ate a little dinner
Bada bada bada bada
Remember that?
Mm hmm
Top 8 jincol, look what I got
That was a great scene with the keen downstairs
There was so mean to him
Through Tom Hagen?
Yeah
Michael, why do you hurt me?
Remember that when I asked are you leaving?
Yeah, yeah
Michael, why do you hurt me?
They just treated him like crap cause he was like the adopted
Because he's Irish, right? German Irish. German. Well, let me tell you something.
My crout-mic friend? That guy was great. He's dead too, by the way. What a shame.
Well, let me tell you something, my crout-mic friend. Jack Waltzkin.
Well, there's another siren out there, man. I told you, these people drive so bad, or maybe just some old fart had a heart attack.
Maybe I'll have a heart attack and croak on here one of these days.
Not on this station, though. That's one thing I want to get out of here before I croak.
There you bastards.
Dead dead dead, someday you'll be dead. Dead dead dead, someday we'll all be dead.
The mint ribbon we start dying, we die a little more every day.
Younger old Richard Ford, there's nothing we can do to stop it.
So we look long at that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that you see.
That great your house in green and red, because someday you'll be dead. Dead dead dead, someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead, someday we'll all be dead.
It might have been there in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will seem to soon you.
So we sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into bed.
That you'll think God for your family, because someday they'll be dead. Dead dead dead, someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead, someday we'll all be dead. All right.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings fill your head.
What a festive season, someday you'll be dead. Dead dead dead, someday we'll be dead. Dead dead dead, every one you know.
Dead a very Merry Christmas to you. Dead dead dead dead.
Dead dead dead, a Merry Christmas to everybody.
Twenty after eleven, a couple of weeks till those caucuses get going and they keep showing us my cuckabee on there over and over again.
my god what what is this country come to what is the world come to
when a far-bisoned boy like my kaka be who's whose main claim to fame is that
he's the cheerleader of the god squad he's uh... the republican leading
candidate now
that i can't have a scary
yeah whatever
and no way the democrats can clinch a defeat from the jaws of victory on their
almost any circumstances it scares the living
bg's of the me it's not to make me want to like across the border
steven colbert was the vote of a piece of liberty the year by the newspaper
editors broadcast producers
they said he had the biggest impact on pop culture in two thousand seven
he finished just a nudge about jk rowling
finishing through was al Gore
voting was otherwise spread across many entertainers including pop stars
britney's spiers
henna m-a montana star malle a miley cypress rapper kanya west
comedy director producer jod apato apatow
appetite
and country singer Kenny chesney who's probably like a you know if he's a
country singer must be like a retard
now now now now like that he's bald
he's bald
he is yet never seen him never heard of
don't want to know from his country singer all pass out pass away
they all looked like they're got it they got
just stand out of the same factory and i like that retard factory
something about that tenisee thing
nice bull
Kentucky
country music thing
seventy-six over the over eight hundred by noon all hallelujah
there is a god there is a jesus there is a neighbor ham Solomon man
thank the lord
wait till you this group test story from the scum sent
you know where barto is you know over there on a west coast near Tampa
police a barto high school student hoping to improve her math grades to extra
credit instead got a load request from her teacher
isick nathan tillis was arrested after repeatedly telling the student she could
earn an a if she gave more sex
pretty good a
according to authorities he learned the girl into a teacher's long bathroom
Wednesday but once inside police and the girls from a trap
the sixteen year old was wearing a hidden listening device which recorded tillis
his proposition after he dropped his pants
dropped in pants
twenty-nine year old teacher also scribbled his request on a hall pass in the
rest before it's stated he wrote it down
officers arrested tillis charging with soliciting a lutex sex act from mine
he wrote it down this was a teacher
oh my god
literally i put it in writing
now there's a rocket scientist for right
there's a way to teach your kids
how to do it
i don't see a shantiller for zooming up the list like me anticipated would you
think he would Chris yes you did he's a little on pretty well
he's uh... what's it got
is only got nine votes what are you talking about
yeah but you look how far up he's called so quickly
so they got nine votes
even rather collet is got more votes and even bread dealt from Boston's got more
votes yeah it has like twenty people already
yeah yeah who got like in single digits and in zeros
like uh... across the street like the numbers over there like like footies
gonna have if they leave his stupid ass on here
my god
he that that picture him on his website he's read is a beat talk about he looks
like a drunken Irishman
might disney uh...
number disney in that red nose
disney the red nose manager boy he was something
what a temper on that uh...
well
you have much to do with him do you do
enough
and i have to make that make sure you don't want anymore
five six seven i come on my gun to play all christmas stuff to a clock is it's
kind of fading here on the screen this time i notice that and that's fine
because i didn't intend to do this kind of a show today
i tend to just take my way through like i'm going to do all day on monday and
christmas eve
there's no calls on your now even to a screenless lot of sirens outside the
ambulances and fire trucks and
emergency and paramedics and
dead bodies and stuff body parts
probably some violent hockey games going on in town
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty in the horizon singular wireless line
wqa m hello
mail
yes
what's your opinion on the uh...
casinos coming out of war
i'm just up written in the paper today
here's your cousin or all that there's a lot
i need your help for sure the only one that i could any stations i can get
all the good information from what what does that mean every time you call
about this you say exactly the same thing about i'm the only one you get any
information from the go through the same routine what is it that you want to
know
i want to know what you know
nothing i have what i want to know is in the story they heard of the attorney
general sues the block symbol deal
when something actually happens there will let you know will send you a
telegram okay you'll probably be dead by them
we'll send you a telegram
god
one about casinos coming on there there ain't no casinos coming down there okay
maybe the seminals are going to get that field pushed through but i doubted
that they uh... you know and it into with your gays
but i really doubt it
we don't want anything like that in florida baby all the farbic and a goi
man gambling is a sin at the dog the anti-dog racing crowd they're all air
there's like seven thousand groups involved in all this crap
we don't want it we don't want it is evil it's bad we don't want it
but it's gonna bring a lot of money we don't want it
anything where people might have fun that might raise a lot of money for the
state for education other things we don't want it we don't know when i
did a lot of we don't want it
just like the thing with the per mutuals in the slots uh... how i'll meet
you could that whole deal is going i mean really mediocre like it goes to
the less than mediocre and they need they have an instant i there's yet
and then of course the or gay governor he signs this uh... back to her deal with
the indians because they are there this one like crazy anyway in uh... in
Washington
and so he signs this deal and now attorney general bill macalamas to federal
court yesterday to block the deal signed by governor trolley christ and
the seminal travel to the state court determines whether the deal is valid
that's what stands right now sir well let you know in the court says uh... what's
the quick call and茶 within the misses stupid crap ar怎 time you call
to
i'm going to would bring back
th
zes
u
them
I'm going to call matches they'll Christmas
But Christmas is all the right
Say I'm to the New Republic in Forsyth
I'm coming, I'm yourself the matches they will Christmas
May you find the day
Perhaps a dicker and ties it to your trucks
Okay there you go great let's sedump that
Wow now why didn't you remind me of that
Remind you obviously I remembered it as well as you did
I see well we had a dump a Christmas reading there for you
Oh baby
Wooo
Well what's the point of time we could play that but then again what's the point of time we could play a lot of stuff?
Not no mole, not now
Everybody's really uptight and out of sight with Stevie Wonder speaking of whatever he just said
1132, 28 till noon at 560 WTQA in
So what's that Curtis got to do on Christmas day?
I have no idea what Curtis is showing
He does a sports show what?
Maybe he'll do a non-sports show
You think?
A lot of these people have other things going on in their lives I know it doesn't seem that way
No not when you listen
No
I wait till you're this story
This will make you almost forget about that last bit that I was playing that we had a dump
A devon group of evangelical Christians in the New Wester flocking to help purify a spot
They believe the Bible is ordained as holy ground and happens to be
1500 miles of interstate asphalt
Why the location of courtesy and then the small contingent of churchgoers believe that interstate 35
A sprawling highway running from Texas to Minnesota is specifically mentioned in the book of Isaiah chapter 35
I have all right
I, 35
A highway shall be there in a road
reads the port to the chapters verse 8
And it shall be called the highway of holiness
The young clean shall not pass over it
You're unclean
But if I 35 is indeed to play some Christians believe there's a lot of work to be done before the road can
fulfill it saintly destiny according to CNN's Gary Tuckman
who was on the scene in Texas as believers launched an effort to pray for the road
Churchgoers in all six states recently finished 35 days of praying along in interstate 35
But the prayers are still continuing reports Tuckman some of the faithful believe that in order to fulfill the prophecy of I-35ing the holy highway
It needs some intensive prayer first just like we do on the show pray for us plays
So we watch this about 25 fervent and enthusiastic Christians prayed on the interstate's shoulder and Dallas
Their prayers go off for safer neighborhoods more godliness and also in hopes that businesses limiting the lining the highway including strip clubs
Another unclean establishments like clean up the rack strip clubs on the highway. Oh no
What would Isaiah have thought about that?
Probably would have said oh God that's good
Tuckman says the unfaithful also point to a link between the area near this highway
And tragedies that have happened in history such as the bridge collapse in I-35 Minneapolis last August
And the assassination of JFK 44 years ago near I-35 in Dallas
We just want to say wow why would this happen on one highway one of the prayer champions organizers Cindy Jacobs sold CNN
Let's pray that to be safety for everyone on these highways
We want to say wow
Helping to publicize the groups efforts is Christian televangelist the crazy lunatic pet Robertson
Who's featured the I-35 prayers on his Christian broadcasting network
What an amazing story Robertson says well wouldn't that be wonderful cut a line right down the middle of America and let it spread to both coasts
Oh my goodness I-35
What I always tell you man the religious people are the crazy people and the more religious they are the
The crazy they are
And all your kids out there let me just take it right now the whole sandy clause thing it's a lie
It's a lie but take all the gifts man it's nice to get presents sure
It's nice to get presents too especially if you see the smile and the enthusiasm and you know the happiness on the other person's face sometimes
810 votes on the pool how Sean Taylor do now that was the late edition we apologize for that oversight
He's moving up he's moving on up 14 he's got a long way to go because none of these 198 word celebrity death of 2007
Was the saddest to you 198 is kicking ass by far they just don't care
WQ I am hello WQ I am hello
Yeah, yeah, yeah, speak to me sir gone hello, Neil yes, yeah, Neil
This is so far I'm gonna come over there with a blender bus yeah, this is so frustrating the
The gambling thing 25 years ago wait a minute is this the same schmuck that just called me a minute ago no
Is the different schmuck well that's not nice but yeah it is no 25 years ago what you and I sat down at a table in
Davie at a house discussing this and I remember you saying well what are you talking about we sat down at a table in Davie
Yes, you were sponsoring a development in Davie and you were talking about how they'll never have to see your
Gaming yeah, it was all right was that right yep, go to the idiot's up in the up in palahashing that area because it's a Bible
Thumping red next state that's why sir with a bunch of hypocrites we've already got gambling up the old ass
We got dog racing we got horse racing we had a harness racing at a highlight we got the lotto
But for some strange reason casinos oh
Oh my god look what it could be like Vegas look how bad that is look how terrible things are going there
Well why are these old parts calling me today because you know it's so
That's easy but anybody in the age of a hundred is out schlepping and chopping and doing stuff that's why
WQ a and hello
Hello, I want to talk about gambling we'll give you a stand worth I'm his phone number at home okay
Call him up and hot could try to go with him WQ a and hello
What my junior with honey WQ a and hello
Hey, no, what's up? How you doing sir?
Good I'm on your old stomping ground a hell no
Yeah, oh
They dropped the steel on the back down the 15 here
Yeah
They can use your buddy can't be how all this oh
Okay, that's the a single right there that call inspired me to do it well
I'm coming hour and 37 minutes not bad
Mm-hmm
Actually taking a few calls today which I had no intention doing because I knew it was going to be a really
Limited you know and it's it's that time
They're not out there we have a very limited available audience today and of course most days
Oh
But I'm not unlike I said I'm on my best behavior today and Monday especially because Monday is like Christmas Eve
And I'm gonna like play all kinds of good stuff and that's it I'm gonna bite my tongue so hard a dripping blood all down my nice and a blue shirt
819 votes on your pool Chris is really confident he's gonna get that thousand but you know something as time goes on
And is this day or just continues more and more people are gonna be taking off from work and leaving and taking off from town
Going and doing their Christmas their holiday craft you know I mean well it takes a minute to vote and only it doesn't take a minute to vote
It takes a matter of seconds. Although you're right with this list. There's a long list on there
So what her father dry and I did he's only got me and one other person two votes what a shame
And isn't it interesting that I voted for a Catholic priest how do you like that you see?
I wrote it isn't very ironic and very surprising but then again
They don't know father dry and like I did he was he was a great liberal with a big mouth
He told it like it was he exposed all the right wing bull crap before it was you know politically expedient to do so
And of course even now here we are all these years later and the Democrats still don't have the balls to open up a mouth and tell it like it is
Because the motto of the Democratic Party is if it's possible to fail we'll do it we'll find a way we'll find the way
Failure be us they keep showing the story about the early retirement of this marine dog you know his
His master got killed
And they keep showing his German Shepherd nice dog but you don't need if you want to have a dog you can get know from a doctor
You know when you go on and talk about wanting to go off into the hills of Montana or North Carolina
Yep, sometimes I think you're a little bit over the top of that but the more I think about it I want to be a
Best out
You're five sixty QAM
Force leader I bet you best
Yes, sir yes
About one big is
And we're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth. I don't have any my friends. Okay. Yeah
Well, it is all bridges over now look a little waterway if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking say I
Said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place
Okay, well, I'm saying sir
Is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over Navable waterways over one
Navigable waterways yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Yeah, so it's up to them to decide what time
The bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the time well what is the time?
I believe is that watch our times sir
That they are not open to marine traffic other than that they are open to marine traffic
So in other words any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for you
Absolutely
Correct. Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
Sounds like some kind of the end of all
To one vote right exactly
No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do
Man, you better know your law is Mr. Because you sure don't that's right
I suppose you want the man bridges closed to both traffic and a hurricane too
I want the bridges closed period. Okay. I want them closed
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch his MTV and get the hell out of our lives. I want those bridges closed
Let him use the junior tunnel. Okay. Let him use them a carpet cause
I think they ought to go on a George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenters. How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you but you sound like some stupid idiotic
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation
Beachboy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest composition
Thanks for granting us this interview Brian
Brian, do you have any idea how retarded you sound?
Show you what I mean. Here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beachboy recording session
Hey man, did you like it?
Yeah, I did. I did.
Right here. Man, okay. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, listen
Do you like it?
Oh, that's very nice Brian
Do you like it?
That's a little hard to dance too
Do you like it? Yeah, very nice Brian
Brian Wilson collection of burned out compositions
Do you like it?
Oh yeah, I'm sorry
Mastered copy available now on eBay
Do you like it? Well, I've got to be going up
Do you like it?
Oi
One day he was stuffed and after he had made the deal
It turned out to be a cop
Oh, now he's in prison
Making love to other men
No, he isn't gay but he had to pay the billy end
The end
Humpen is run from humpen is run from
Look at the convict
Oh, humpen is run from humpen is run from
All because of love
Rectum
Grandma got run over at the Walmart
Troubled under shoppers greedy feet
Get out of my way, you curver
It was on the day after Thanksgiving
Oh, a poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
Every year we now withdraw
All she wanted was a player
Congratulations, you ruined Chris more the DVD she owned
Merry Christmas and his man
But when those faithful doors swung open
Well, when the Walmart
She was stepped on and banked up straight to the bone
Grandma's now white out of action
In a hospital she sits
After her body is in traction
And she even needs a nurse to take ice cream
Pfft
Grandma got run over at the Walmart
Troubled under shoppers greedy feet
It was on the day after Thanksgiving
Don't
Poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
You're a kid
Grandma got run over at the Walmart
Troubled under shoppers greedy feet
It was on the day after Thanksgiving
Poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
No, operator, give me the number for 9-1-1
Merry Christmas everybody, watch your ass
So this is Christmas
And you know this song
But when my wife is singing
It ruins it for everyone
And so this is Christmas
When we sing we all like
Or as soon as you hear your girl
I wish it's right for her for like
You're the healthy as she calls
Merry Christmas and his man
And I have a new name
Oh, boy
That's so sweet, so good call
Oh, now you can hear
We're not any sweet
Splat, splat, splat, splat, splat
Phew
Thank you, Merry Christmas
Now I can bully well-rest in peace
Now back to the Neil Rogers program
On 1240 WGBA
Here again, America's youngest dog show host
6-year-old Neil Rogers
Okay, I guess we're done with Neil
And there's four minutes left in the hour
Who's fixing calls?
The Orleans, hello
And a Neil, how's it going?
Great
That's good
Wresler, I can't film my subscriptions
And a lot just the Democrat and Chronicle
Of the good old DNC
We're in a bush and that paper is
There ain't as many other people that like Wres
And they said, now my business
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there
Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know
You're a fine American
Have a nice flight, hello
I want to speak to Neil
You got him
Somebody on?
Yeah
Neil
Yeah
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniffing
Bed, water, and a pantry
Great call
This is great so far
Did he say pantry?
Let me sneak it off
Not a mong bring
I run my bike
30 miles every Saturday
to the list show
And this guy calls me named
She'm a new sir
She'm on you
By the way, have you seen some of those
Bad boys at the new AMP?
No, what are you tackling about A?
This is my gun
A million producers
Well, and they stick me in here with an A
Shit is my car
Show me the castle
Oh Neil, you're supposed to be such a nice boy
And now you're so terrible
Yeah, but you can't share it off
You can't share it off
I don't need this
Office from Everestations
Wikipedia, Almira, Fredonia
But instead I stay here and entertain you
Grotesque, Sub-Huin, Dutabag
Unbelievable
To me, the hell
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or a watt?
No, I have to put it to the operator
Let's...
Let's lock into that
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night
Somebody asked you
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore
He's a daughtering old man
He claims he's only 40
Yeah, right, and do we be true in two?
Oh, he's trapped a drop of Saturn
And if you think he's bad now, we totally had him
Oh, boy
Okay, let me come back
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell
But I hope not
Well, we got the bridge to the area
Anyway, we don't have to have anybody bugging us for that crap in
Wow, yeah
Well, that was good on my part
Nice of you, Neil
Thank you so much
I have 144 votes on your poll, Chris
You're gonna make your thousand, I think
Yeah, I think so too
Wow, on the Friday before Christmas, man, what a feather in our ear
Which celebrity death of 2007 was saddest to you?
I'm certainly gonna read this whole long
In fact, here are the ones who don't have any votes
Betty Hutton, Ray Ann Donnellan,
Bradford Washburn and James Kelly
Wow
None of these 207
None of these
There's a long list of a lot of people here that they're beloved by most
But, oh, none of these 207
Molly Evans 91, I'm just gonna read the ones with the 20 or more
Or with double digits, how's that?
All right
Okay, Molly Evans 91, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. 55, Luciano Pavrote 48
Evil, Carnival 47, Dan Fogelberg 37
And in the Colesmith 36, Mr. Whipple has
About 30, man
Phil Resudor of the Scoder 27, Merv Griffin, hey, Merv
You're fair, Rick
22, Charles Nelson Riley
You're fair, Rick
21, Tammy Fehmester 21, Sean Taylor 19
He moved up, but not that great
A Bill Wash 19, Brad Delph 18, Art Buckwell 18, Robert Cruley 15
Ivan De Carlo 14, and Dave Halberstam 11
The best talent in his Neil Rajek's
4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
Lans security Tom Ridge
Advising you to put duct tape on your radio
When I raise the warning color to pink
For the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour
Hey, pukes, Vigil and Guy Anger Anderson
I looked in the toilet today
Guess what?
A Starbucks right there in my sh**
Huh, what do you know?
Right there in the toilet
Crazy
They are everywhere
Every day that moves is morning
We have a yellow light
That must be
They have something too high
And I'll make
But if you lay headdives
What's really heavy
Kind of subdued
Is you move like a yellow light
Does I lie?
The corporate be a right
And that's why
We have a yellow light
Catch, explain
The meaning of what needs light too
What needs light too
Which is at his desk
With a set of low pens
And noodles got through
And later time then
Once in confusion
And they have a yellow light
With that name
Something they can define
I'm dry, dry, dry
We have a yellow light
A big light
And they have something
What needs to be
They have a yellow light
With that name
Something they can define
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor
You're fairy
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the ones were trimmed
And cars had rims
And seems so very long ago
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor
With every four silkside I'm right
Make your days be merry and bright
And may all your new neighbors
Be white
Oh, hey, where's your old
I can't find Roodle
Oh, hey, where's your old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Hey, what's that all over the place
It's terrible, it's terrible, yeah, yeah
I don't know
It takes back no time
Oh, no, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, no, the razor got out
And thank God, it's diarrhea
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Hey, what's that all over the place
It's terrible, it's terrible
It's a white neighbor
It's diarrhea
And they still got diarrhea
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go, go
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Who's that old
Hi everybody, you know the holidays are the hardest time to control your weight
That's why I've come up with a way for you to shake your ball while a jelly
With sweat into the carol
You'll be prancing to the tune of
At your top, asteer on the Elfra, feel the burn
You'll also get squatting around
The grit and street
And slusting out your tail
I love it
You'll be flexing your all
And power stepping through a winter wonderland of fat burning fun
I'll eat food for a grand man
You'll be ho ho ho holding in your stomach and unwrapping your thighs
As you join me singing
All of our procrastiners to touch by fate
Rick and Siddish sweat into the carols
Available on Paramount's home video
Go to a club for Chennville
Then where all the girls disrobed
There's one thing keeps me going
Back the lack of their wardrobe
Maybe one will come home with me
Oh that is what I hope
Oh I really like the one named Joy
A stripper named Joy
Oh I really like some Christmas joy
We have the best fans in the world
I am so grateful to all of you
You just rock! I mean it's a perfect
And the husband free Christmas
I wish they all were disappear
Guess the news is low
TV buys it apropos when the talk it hurts my ears
I'm so sorry
I have an husband free Christmas
Another Donnie and the Queen
I love you all
Yeah we know you took the spill
Now back the more we'll fill and please don't make me
Now I'll care what you say
Oh no Donnie say hello to every gossip show you see
We donnie, Osmond
Mr. Maybe, punchy, you're a little bit rockin' roll
But to me you're both all real
I'm a dancer
An husband free Christmas
All 900 of you must go
Look at him
Oh by Galiah won't be Galiah for see you
Much more
Hi to the Donnie Osmond which you knew and yours
the happiest of all
He started out a regular guy who joins the directory
And made the ultimate sacrifice
Embracing celebrity father or two
Amen
Fun or in food
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
As time went by his earthly means
Compromised his choice
He found the way to get really by altering
Young boys father or two
Amen
Fun or in food
Fun or in food
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
He was happy to get till he got caught
by some title tale
Then the Vatican paid
Everyone off and he didn't have to go to jail
Father or two
Amen
Fun or in food
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
He did it like a supper through the keys away
Father or two
Amen
Fun or in food
Father or two
Father or two
Father or two
Fun or in food
Father or two
Amen
You're fair
Father or two
Some people don't
You don't have a collude
They walk all around
With the head of their looks
It's always the same
They're just looking for fame
And they're all the of the use
Like the chronic from loose
All the chronic from loose
It's first on the line
Cause he's hooked right and catfish
With half of its mind
We'll be waiting for you here tonight
Just come on up with your green Corvette here
We, we, you and what army of Lil' Yahu's are we
All your friends with Carol Blood
All your friends from Carpet's Spring
Why don't you stand up like on your own
And it's always we, we, like you got all your buddies
How come you don't like stand on your own thing
We do stand on our own
No we, there's that we again man
Are you speaking French or English?
You're having this we, we, we
We are, we are, we are
There we go, we are
You sound like Dan Quayle now
Sure you can't even spell us
You don't want to ask me to pick on the radio
Right
And you know you don't have to pick as we, we
You sound like that baby now
Are you in Lutzer? Are you an Aintry sir?
I think you've been up in Aintry with us, man
But you want admitted now and wait till tomorrow
Some people don't
They don't have a groove
They walk all around
With your head up there, blues
There's always a song
They're just looking in for fame
And they love the abuse
Or like the chronic promise
These are chronic promise
The biggest name of this town
is near Rogers
4.25.6.9.9.9
4.5.25.6
ih
$1 million
We give
Tou 26
Stop
Now fall
All us red next shore of incest
This ex-justain is good unless its family
Because all us red next practice incest
Now I'm my only uncle and the worries mean
My ancestor took me with her
But after her double wide
What a deal ain't got no wheels
And incised felt like something died
It's my cheek and winked her eyes
And said we're all alone in the house
But I got sick when she gave me a kiss
And chewing till back go in her mouth
All us red next shore of incest
A bright, this ex-justain is good unless its family
Because all us red next practice incest
So come meet my new wife, she's my niece
I just got me a farm with horses
Chickens, cows and pigs
A four by four that I adore
With tires that are too damn big
The rear window it has a gun rack
As where I keep my gun
Rambles wagging and the wives in the back
My neck is red for two months son
All us red next shore of incest
This ex-justain is good unless its family
Because all us red next practice incest
My sister is the one over there
With the dirty knees
Every human's is hard to choose
Who's got the nicest two
And I don't like the way my daddy has been watching me
I had a chip name paid when they should go away
To Teo on a weather moon is full of blue
But with our right wing censorship
There are words that mustn't slip
To tell you how I feel for kids
That feel for kids so
With PCK into one of
And I'll see you with Dio on a tune
Now if you see Kate, tell her I'm a service day
And the SCC won't let me sing this song I wrote today
Now if you see Kate, take her hand gently say
That after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days
Oh, PCK into one of
That I'll see you with Dio on a go, on a go
But got to see you with Dio on a tune
There was a no farmer who lived on a rock
He's dead in the middle just shaking his fist
That some boys who were down by the creek
They're feeding the water
Their hands on their marbles
And play things in at half past four
There came a young lady
She looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles
And laces and white fluffy duck
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children
So they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling
Reptucin' later from yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
Down by the dock
He looked like a man with a size of a home
In the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her for lightly she'd show him her little bet dog
Who was subject to bits
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands
With a movement so quick
And then she'd bend over
And suck down his candy
So tasty made of butter, sky
And then he spread wood cream all over her cookies
That she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty you can go f*** yourself
It's 30 a day plus gas
Well I ran in Lincoln
Cash or credit I drove up in the hill
You want me insurance?
And to recall how it happened, well it's good luck
It still gives me change
What a weirdo
Followed my map of star how sales
And was shot to sea
Sitting on her front porch was
Angelina Jollin
La la la la la la la la
When I walked up like I knew her
And I saw her hesitate
But the chloro bond started working then for her
It was too late
Put her in my car
Roll the windows down
Now she watched my queen and
I made her crown
Could this stupid chloro's me
And I've got Angelina Jollin
In my basement
And I think I'll keep her there with me
Hello
And charge her red
I can't rent well I hope she don't mind
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement
I think I'm ready for that
How wonderful life is
With Angelina Jollin in my basement
Let me out of here
Well I'm scared to credit
Fuller and manning
But I bet you'd give your lesson
Help me
Angelina Jollin
Locked down in your basement
I'm here in my dog
I'm doing this dog
I'll hurt your dog mister
It puts the dog in the basket
1224 or 560 WQ
And the world famous neo-rodger show
It's the holidays man so we're just like roll the long singing the song
What do you think of my selection so far?
I was thinking of standing
What?
Digging the radio
Did you guys get some lunch today or what?
Got some breakfast from how is this usually?
I thought maybe there'd be like a big holiday lunch catered for you or something like that
Oh yeah
What?
I'll be here and a lunch for crying out loud
It's Christmas week coming up
I'm gonna thought that there'd be like dancing girls and all the stakes and ribs and wings
The dancing girls last week
Dingolangs, why?
We had dancing girls on the last week
Did you really?
Yeah
On the show
On the show
Which celebrity death of 2000 was saddest to you and Chris's mighty proud to tell you that we got 891 votes
We're gonna be way over 900 by the top of the hour are we?
We better
So we got a real good shot of the 1000 today
We can do 1000 on this Friday December 21
It'll warm the cockles of my kneecap man
It'll make me feel like a real human being
I'll give that shot Taylor, fly it up there
Is he?
28
28, well let's see he's of the names on there
2468
Neyine
He came from nowhere to number
PI
10
Which celebrity death of 2007 was saddest to you?
No of these 216
Molly Ivan's 97
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. 57
Evil, con Evil 49
Luciano Pavarotti 48
An Anaculsmith 39
Dan Fulgler 38
Mr. Wipple, please don't squeeze it
31
Phil Rosuto, the scooter
30, man
Sean Taylor 28
He's run on the scooter's ass
Charles Nelson Raleigh 23
Who's on probably a lot of guys ass
Merb Griffin 22
Same thing
Tenney Fane met Mr. 21
Bill Walsh 20
I'm just doing the double digit ones
Brad Delph 18
Art Buckwell 18
Robert Crowley 17
Ivonda Carlo 15
Dave Halberstam 13
Who'd you vote for?
Molly Ivan's
No
I voted for Oumb
Father Dryans got four now
Thank God
If there's at least three other people out there
Remember the great Father Robert Dryans from Massachusetts
A two police
The biggest name
The best out of two
He's no Roger's
Fortress, you're five sixty two am
The fourth leader
It's Friday, you bastard
I'm dying out of here
You fairy
I'm not doing it
If you've got soldiers on a towel
The talent is moving out
And buddy, it's thanks to the upstead eyes
Oh, I'm getting out
I'm getting out of here
I'm getting out of here
I'm getting out of here
I'm getting out of here
I'm getting out of here
What's the problem officer?
Deploy from the vehicle
I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine
If you're God driving without a seatbelt
You will be removed from your car and shot
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2
The new laws in effect now
So click it or be shot
Officers don't like doing this
They are only following orders
It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism
Terrorists act such as mouth noise
Curp and fighting
But be annoying to others
So under Patriot Act 2
Eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot
It's the law
We like saying that
The law
The law
The law
It's the law
Turn 28
He scored the sweetest bag
I'll go on the next day
It's too many seats
In your dime bag
Getting to the party
Two minutes too late
Isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
It's not 38
When your last phone break
The free bag
When you're already safe
The food we eat
That's you just kidding
You take
Who are you?
You get it
Hard-crowning
That's you already ate
A nose-drawnest sign
A law that you break
It's like 10,000 joints
When all you need is a light
It's like having the feel of your dreams
And then fighting out these fast-tender lights
And there's a need for chronic
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic
Yeah, I really do think
It's not 38
When your last phone break
The free bag
When you're already safe
The food we eat
That's you just kidding
You take
Who are you?
You get it
Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the heir apparent
Her son, Prince Charles
Hello
Hello Charles
It's mom
Mom
What are you calling for again, mom?
I'm worried about you Charles
Mom, you can't keep calling me every day
I'm very worried you can call me like 10 times a day, mom
I've been handed the newspaper here
The Daily Mirror?
Yes
I don't read such rubbish
Well, did you happen to see the front page?
I didn't see it, mom, I don't read such rubbish, I've told you
It says it's Charles bisexual
Okay, what?
It's true, Charles
What is the same, mom?
It's Charles bisexual
What's the mean by that, mom?
It means you like the lassies and the lads
I don't like the lads, mom
Don't cry, mom
It's true, isn't it?
Please don't cry, mom
It's true
It's not true
I know I should have thought someone wrong when I called you listening to Clay-Aid
I like him, mom, he's a good singer
I mean, that's all there is to it
And all those Barbara Strays and movies are not connected out
I love to hear it, mom
That doesn't make me buy
How's Harry?
Harry's fine
With it?
Watching him shower right now
Where are you crying, mom?
It's true, isn't it?
What? It's true?
It's not true
You're my sex, you're my...
I am not by sex, you are
I don't have any sex, the woman I'm dating, mom, looks like a horse
I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all, you know that
Is that why you go for the men?
I don't go for the men, mom
So it's not true?
I'm going to be the king of England
Yes, that should have worried about
Or are you worried, mom?
You're being a king and a queen
I can't continue this conversation any longer, mom
All right, my date's here
Your date?
The committer?
Come on in, Ernie
Who is that?
I... just a friend
Is that committer?
It's Ernie
Ernie, who's Ernie?
My friend Ernie
Who is Ernie?
We play football together, mom
You don't play football, mom
We play games together, mom
I've got to go and have them
Stop crying
Stop crying
Just amazes me how the queen sounds so much like that
Right away, bride, you know what?
Mm-hmm
Well, you know, birds are a feather
He's got a croak one of these days
Then he's going to be the queen
Sure, he's a real, he's...
Yeah, yeah
Screamer
Anyway, we have 922 votes on Chris' pool
He is pleased as punch because he knows
That we're going to make the thousand, don't you, sir?
Yup
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen
Believe me, we know the trouble
Oh, my, do we know
Thank God that it's not just Friday
But it's a Christmas Friday
We can just screw off here most of the day
And then Monday when I'm going to screw off all day
Although after after they were
Am I going to have leftover to play on Monday?
Right
It's the same stuff
Maybe I'll spin some wax
Yeah, let's spin some wax
They got all those great...
Huh?
All these jingles
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, like this one
The big H
Golden
Or
CKLW
Golden
Like that
Or
77WNDC
Turn to gold
And there's a Monday to end, turn to gold
You hear that when I'm sure
Golden and Moldy, and then there's always this one
You're the biggest name to the best talent
You know his new projects
4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
Hey, you best, dude
Oops
Well, you got a lot of this and a lot of crap, you know how that is
You know how that is
I do
Good
Jingle bell, jingle bell, there ever stop
You cannot find that brand new Xbox
No one seen in control, reality is run
Means your anger time has begun
Jingle bell, jingle bell, there ever stop
Microsoft's got one every kid wants
Parents have checked that the mall's everywhere
Now the tearing hair
The daily hand for shelves
Was a day from now
They sold out right away
Christmas day, time you'll hear your kid win
It's a really shabby week good to date
Sorry there, mom and dad feel like a thief
Your kid wants this alone
Strangle little kids, boy that would be me
That's the way to go
Yes, I know it goes
Throughout a park on Xbox
Jingle bell, jingle bell, there ever stop
Jingle bell, jingle bell, there ever stop
There were less at my door
When the singing jingle bells over and over again
Singing jingle bells over and over again
I got a mind brain, I can't take it no more
This is a good book, kids outside
They're really one big pain in my behind the office
Singing jingle bells at my door
I say I get them a dollar, each just to go away
Singing the jingle bells off key that just bother and leave
Ringing my doorbell that just be in the awkward with my Christmas
I just wish those damn carolers were going away
Carolers said my door when the singing jingle bells over and over again
Singing jingle bells over and over again
I got a mind brain, I can't take it no more
Return to Santa
I got a sweater from my grandma
It was pink and black
But don't worry, be happy
Was printed on the bench
He wrote a pocket
Return to Santa
Just send me cash
Your tank is square
A game me or rash
I got a fruit cake and some plant pans
Where trip is for my nose
Another bottle of old spice
Ported iron holes
He wrote a pocket
Return to Santa
A whole needs this junk
But this year's Christmas
A real Easter
He wrote a pocket
Return to Santa
Don't mean into me rude
But this Christmas
I got scruched
Return to Santa
Return to Santa
Break down the shelf
Wear them at once
Go to hang from trees
And play banjo
You got some who own a station
On a newfangled gravy
Oh, now as nore's
Carolers go
Rolly's a big city you know
And that's where the beesleys had to go
For Jolly Rolly Jones
A new jam
He'll do what he can
Shake your hand like a friend
Then quickly walk away
Yes, they had jones
Go to five-six-ohs
With ratings and the toilet bowls
To get those
Blaming for the most
An order and control
And then so
Jolly Rolly Joe
A bunch of you know
And in the note he lets move
Go and here's what blows
Gives Goundy his own show
He'll make a big change
And read a rake
It's worse on the same
He hasn't done a thing
Or what goes on the air
And two
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue
About a poor
Not that essentially blows
For all radio
G-M
Of five-six-ohs
Jolly Rolly Joe
He'll do it
He'll do it
He'll do it
He'll do it
He'll do it
Down in Miami
Here in a looser cell
There's a fake bass-pastor named
Jolly Joe
He manages a radio station there
And then he comes to paying bills
Joe don't care
That's the Joe's a fool
I am gonna pay the love up
Ho ho ho ho
Debbie Debbie
Debbie Joe
What a show
Ho ho ho ho
Debbie Joe
Joe's picked a point out
That these lead greed has a spinging freeze
Correct him please
I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice
But to live on your desk a steaming pile of joints
Debbie Joe
I'm not a great enough apple for my hair
Debbie
Debbie Joe
Ho ho ho
Debbie Joe
Debbie Joe
I'm looking forward to seeing Debbie Joe
On the corner of the job
And Paul Metal Park Road
Walking through the traffic
With a cardboard sign that says
Oh, that'd be fun!
Can you smirm me a dime?
Ho ho ho ho ho
Debbie Joe
You got to get your stuff
Ho ho ho ho
Debbie Debbie
I got to pay the love up
Ho ho ho
Debbie Joe
You blow
What biggest name?
The best talent to make his new Rogers
4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
And to two hours
Don't let me tell you don't bother me while I'm in here
I sir
Hello
It's Mickey Mouse
Oh Mr. Mouse good morning how are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing sir
You're freaking telling me
No, I'm not
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes
Why did we move the process?
Sir, you told me to move the bride
I didn't tell you when you must have misunderstood me
No sir, you said move the practice to Monday
Hey, listen but wife
I'm the boss, I make the decisions
You take the heat
You move the practice
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad
Hold on, we're ready
We must
Shut the hell up
I'm on the phone, we must
Hi there!
Yes sir, what was your question?
I'm calling you, I'm going crazy over here
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson calling me every three minutes
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind
Hold on
We must get here you both
Stop it, we must
I'm going to slow it, slow it
Stop going to slow it, we must
We must
If it wasn't to my hand, we must
That's your penis, both
My other hand, Remus
That's the phone boss
Right, I can't hear anything, we must stop slowing the floor
Sorry, sorry
The moves are working out very well
The practice is 4th and it's time for us
What, you get time for us
Christ, are we even beating the WB?
Barely
Oh my god
Michael Jackson was a rating success
Of course, hold on a second
Remus
What's the hell you're doing with a harmonica reading?
Don't play it, Remus, I'll jam the thing down your throat
Get that blue bird away from me
Oh, come on, Bluebird
I'm allergic
Eyes are
Sir, over 25 million people
Stop it, Pfizer, listen
You see me what I'm doing here
Sir, you're on the phone
I know I'm on the phone
Do you see what I'm doing?
You hear imagination for crying out loud
I'm moving my hands up and down
Slide to side, I'm the puppet master
Eyes were hands, you do it
Now Fox is gonna air over something
You cut out all the Michael Jackson interview
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work with you
Stop, stop, stop, stop
Puppet master, me
Idiot
Oh
Oh
Remus
Yes, yes, yes, stop the hell you're doing now
Listen to blow a blow
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss
My other ear, Remus
At the phone, boss
Get out, get over the word
Get out
Hi, sir
I'm sorry, sir
Kill me
Kill me softly
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
Let's go
Let's go
Let's go
Let's go
Let's go
Let's go
Oh, smashing
What
Beasley BDGI
$4.99
Oh
Let's go
Let's go
What the hell was that?
I don't know
What did he do?
He's in white
I don't know
What did he do in here?
I pulled my open
And dressed up like Chinese Steven
That's for you
You're supposed to be the dude
How about a nice Hawaiian punch?
Sure
Oh
God
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
So how do you do it?
You come on
Get lost
Get lost
Get lost
Get lost
Get lost
Get lost
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so
so far.ijk, koki, koki, koki, koki, koki challenged.der He��ing K TO 9
Why did you shoot that?
What's yourส back?
Sarah was really a squats prawn guy and so many other bands who rely more on bal hope
did you see, the other bands who specialize in Incredible Prohibition달�wyn
question. I got a question. You know your stank. Where do you always answer the same way?
No. But you do not pour. I didn't like that question. I'll
rephrase it. Hey, what are you doing here? I'm with 10 states of
charity now. You're more on. I go ahead and ask you a question. Okay. Why are all
spoils coming and don't do? That white smoke. I didn't like that question either.
What's that book you're holding? Let me see that. Sport whole guide the fantasy dating.
I'll take this. That's mine. Not anymore, ain't. Now scratch.
Stop it now. Don't taste me, mo. Yeah, maybe you're right. Put it there, John.
I got your chasing out. I got your chasing out. I got your chasing out.
Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it.
Merry Christmas, everybody. Hold St. Joe Bell here with a big drooping sack of
hollet H. Yes, every year at this time I distribute
some joys from the V-60 ditty bag of valuable grises. It's all about the
beginning. Right? No brother. We really know how to give it to you. Let's take a look
at what we have in the bag here. Shall we? All right. Well, here we are. This is a gift of appreciation for you.
It is a new contract extension for 6,000 years. Oh, for $6,000 and one cat-line.
Okay, let's see what we have here for. Oh, look, this is for George. Now for George, I have a look.
Somewhere here. Oh, that's not it. Oh, here it is. This is a token of my concern. Just press the button here.
Are you okay? Are you all right? Is there anything I can't do for you?
Oh, and last but very least. I didn't forget you, Boca. Here is your... It's... I... I just don't know what to tell you.
Oh, I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I
I... I... I... I... I... I... I... Ah! I... I... I... I... I... I... I... Ikeeper... I... I... I... I... I... I... толькоly I... I was... just one day... three days... three hours... three days... because I was somebody!
...two days... three hours... three hours... three hours... three... cinco hours... кровar... кровar... kara... Gregory...
And I take it over with that view instead of that view.
He's got a lot of time to talk about me and I'll write you.
I don't give a brat what that fairy has to say.
If he wants to smoke things to God, then what?
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down.
And on my way to the car when I told my children to bask it out,
I give a free condo paper.
The toys are back in town.
The toys are back in town.
The toys are back in town.
The toys are back in the town.
The toys are back in town.
The toys are back in town.
The toys are back in town.
The toys are back in town.
The toys are back in town.
I've shut the toys of back in town.
Why you lose?
I know everything is going on in that news.
Why I even know all the no-majot rules.
I'm hip to the drive.
Daddy, I'll lose you.
You better go a doctor like it's the better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way for you, baby.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
You little smoothies, you little boys, you little boys.
You little boys, you little boys, you little boys.
You little boys, you little boys.
So how do you like that, baby?
I'm breaking through the $5 barrier on the downside, $4.99.
I'm sure they can do better.
Are you hurtin'?
I'm sure they can do better.
953 votes on the poll.
We need to do better than that.
We need to get to a thousand by two o'clock, or Chris is going to be really pealed for the holidays, ain't ya?
Ah, that's not really.
You're going to see, you're going to use psychology, man.
I'll say not really.
I'm going to be so down if that was a thousand.
Chris?
Yeah, that's a broken man.
Now that's when we leave.
9.53, which celebrity death of 2007 was saddest to you?
None of these, 225 deaths.
That is so insensitive and just rotten to the core.
None of these, 225.
I didn't care about any of these people.
And it's a long list, and some of them are like, you know, almost human.
Molly Ivins, 106, Kurt Vodaget, Jr. 58.
Evil, con Evil 50.
Luciano Pavarote, 49.
Dan Phil, River 43.
I'm going to read him all by the way.
You're alive?
Because it takes a long time.
Yeah.
End of the Colesmith 42, Sean Taylor 38, he came from nowhere, 2038.
Mr. Wipple 34, the scooter Phil Resudo 32.
Charles Nelson Riley 25, Bill Walsh 24, Merv Griffin 22, 10.
He made Mr. 21, Brad Delpe 18, Art Buckwell 18, Ivada Carlo 17, Robert Goulay 17.
Dave Halberstam 13, via author.
I turner 9, Norman Meyler 9, Reverend Jerry Falwell 9, Walla Sharaw 8, Brett Summer 7, Dennis Johnson 7, Marcel Marso 6, what he say about it.
Max Roach 6, Boise Elson 6, Frankie Lane 5, Mewel Train, Beverly Sills 4.
Reverend Robert Drenen, Father Drenen 4, Hank Bauer 3, Lady Bird Johnson 3, Eddie Robinson 3.
Tommy Makeham 2, Harold Madison Jr., Mr. Butch 2.
Who's Mr. Butch?
I don't know.
Mr. Butch?
I have no idea.
Tom Johnson 1, Paul Sullivan 1, Madeline Langel 1.
I still haven't got any idea who that is or what that is.
Leon Helmsley 1, Arthur Slesinger Jr., 1, and 0 Still for poor Betty Hutton, Ray Ann Donnellan, Bradford Washburn and James Kelly.
The best talent is no longer used to be Ray Ann Donnell 5, 69, and the fourth leader.
Oh God.
Oh, a long, long time ago, it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store, just ended the Spanish American war.
So they ported like it was 1899.
There were events that made you shiver, but there were times we did deliver.
A promise that was kept with that famous one small step.
I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent.
A century we will present.
And this is how it went.
My, my, how the time it did fly since it started some depot at many teas we did try.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
It all started when two guys were right when they put an airplane into flight.
And the start of radio.
Sigmund Freud had his mum to thank and quantum theory and Max Planck and the Titanic.
That story we all know.
Well, World War I it soon began with shooting archduke Francis Merton and millions died from the flu.
And plastic it was brand new.
And then Russia had each revolution.
Panama connected both the fioshin's monopolies.
And we were all in the same place.
And we were all in the same place.
And we were all in the same place.
And we were all in the same place.
And we were all in the same place.
And we were all in the same place.
And we were all in the same place.
And we were all correct.
And we were all in heaven where we were all in heaven.
But it's something fun and many tears we decry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye
It all happened in the blink of a night
A hundred years have gone by
Frank Lane Winston, they were soon be winning
Starting with the day invasion
But at what an appalling cost
In Russia no one did the frost
In Germany they finally lost
Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust
Batman little boy and all the gay
Change the whole world on that very day
Nidah had just begun
In China, food find us a town
The first player in baseball that was black
Is real guy at their home land back
Massachusetts elected Jack Gunn
Three years gone by
And we were singing my, my other time
It defies since it started something
Quoted many tears we decried
For the century it's time that we say goodbye
It all happened in the blink of a night
A hundred years have gone by
Separate for equal made such a fuss
A closer to tide went on the bus
Holyoke cured with a vaccine
Then Russia'd scare us big time with spot Nick
Our troops into Korea quick
Discovered the double helix scheme
Oh, JFK let us wait too soon
But promise to get us all to the moon
Yuri is first in space
Yeah, the bill we did it raised
And the friendship said we'd climbed into the night
Cubus missiles gave us quite a fright
Southeast Asia is on to fight
A hundred years gone by
And we were singing my, my other use
It defies since it started something
Quoted many tears we decried
For the century it's time that we say goodbye
It all happened in the blink of a night
A hundred years have gone by
Niels Trient Step was the big news
Roll first wave gave women right to choose
Nixon resigns about what a gate
Got the troops at a Vietnam
Had hostages taken by Iran
And a virus made us too scared to go date
A test two babies held the loft
Some guy named Bill started Microsoft
Chernobyl explosion
The Berlin Wall gets broken
The USSR says goodbye
Some students in China they did try
Seven died in the Florida sky
A hundred years gone by
And they were singing my, my have the time
It defies since it started something
Quoted many tears we decried
For the century it's time that we say goodbye
It all happened in the blink of a night
A hundred years have gone by
We were singing my, my have the time it defies
Since it started some deported many tears we decried
For the century it's time that we say goodbye
Cause a hundred years have gone by
I have the time
We sometimes get caught
Our color varieties will come
Anybody here
Seen good Russian dots in it
We'll live all around your town
You're fair
He's not just thinking of the truth
Before he's gone
Taking a shower with his son
Babies and I
This was the White House's people
For this Christian to know what's best
For you and me
A member of all my friends
He was in some people
In other words do he and me
But he is
Please send him time to live
Born a skeleton, I'm so old
These types of stars
They've longed, can't pay while
Aver lost out sin and gone
What an emotional Friday before Christmas
Aren't you all swept up in a ball of emotion
And almost on the verge of tears
Over the verge
127 at a QAM
And we don't have mad dog today
I never give the schedule I don't believe in
That's because I can barely read it on this copy
Curious at Bruce Rume in Pompat of Beech 2 to 4
Then the power hour with the Humper
Hanks today is there dwindling down on the station
Congratulations Humper
Hank from 4 to 7
And then you got Dolphins all
Asses with very beautiful
Followed by the R&I Carriers
New Orleans Bowl
FAU in Memphis at 735
And then everybody in audience will likely head to the Bowl
By the way Chris, 977
Yeah we're going to do it
I think we got that thousand licked on the Friday before Christmas
Which is
Monumental man are going to be talking about it
On the front page of the Washington Post
The Weekly Reader 978
Great
The best talent
Is real Rajesh
4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
The day you wear stills
On the next Oprah
You'll be shocked
You'll be amazed
You'll be talking about it for the next
However long until she shocks you again
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true
Today
Everyone in the studio audience
All 276 members
Get a brand new
Liver
Everybody gets a liver
Everybody gets a liver
Everybody gets a liver
Then tomorrow
All 276 studio audience members
Get a brand new
You villa
Everybody gets a brain new in your room
Everybody gets a liver in your room
The next day
All 276 members of the studio audience
Get a three-foot helper monkey
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey
The next day
All 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
Everybody gets a breast area
I'm a woman in the prosthetic arm
Oprah giving away great stuff
She didn't have to pay for it
Even though she could easily afford to
And next season
Everybody in the studio audience gets a stedman
Everybody gets a stedman
Everybody gets a stedman
Now, inside addition
Oprah Winfrey used her megawatt star power to help Barack Obama's
Presidential campaign this weekend
I believe that as a transgender
that Barack Obama will bring a sense of
States of the White House
Barack Obama wanted to be with a man
Winfrey said he wouldn't make a good president
Yeah, I really like him
He's great but maybe a little feminine on the feminine side
Inside addition
We'll be right back
A lot of slipping and sliding
We'll all fall salad
I'm peeking and I'm having
Duking back and down
Don't wanna rip it
Don't wanna dance with me
I've got a brand new lover name
Shout that band
One day when I was in the middle
And a hot breath until
That's where I'm never been
And it's a shell of love
I told her that I loved her
I never believed
She pulled her on the rhyming
She gave me fever
She's my true diffuited
I love the child story
She was in like a hound
Everywhere I go
Whenever I'm around I'm on my piece of youth
She might step on my blue suede
She's running on
It's hard and just the olden night
And I got jealous
And she started a fight
And because I was dancing with no eludes
I had some hard gym
Then it's to the rescue
Shout that band
And she's my heart's design
Shout that band
And there's no soul without you
And we were married on the blueberry hill
Now we so happy
And I love her still
She's my true diffuited
And I love the child story
She was in like a hound
Everywhere I go
Whenever I'm around I'm on my piece of youth
She might step on my blue suede
She's running on
It's hard and just the olden night
And I got jealous
And she started a fight
And because I was dancing with no eludes
I had some hard gym
Then it's to the rescue
Shout that band
And it's my heart's design
And I got the kind of love and stuff
My soul about
Shout that band and well I love her still
I'll never let chocolate band go
This is a special holiday edition
of VH1's Behind the Music
Although they have a new movie
The original chipmunks first appeared in the late 50s
It all started with a hit song
And a seemingly bright future
But these rare session tapes tell a different story
Okay Simon
Okay Theodore
Okay Alvin
Alvin
What the f*** is Alvin?
He's shooting up a junk out of that
I'm here Dave
Alvin I'm sick of your
Take your finger out of my face man
Alvin got a shout out
I'm going to get this f***
I'm going so low
What?
I'm going to get out of it
Michael O'Flanahan produced the now classic album
A founding curled up in the lunchbox
The thing is he could have had it all
O'Flanahan just couldn't stop chasing the devil
The brightest celestial object I've ever seen
O'Flan's comet
The chipmunks on a special holiday edition
A VH1's
Behind the music
The music is a very good song
It's a very good song
It's a very good song
It's a very good song
It's a very good song
It's a very good song
It's a very good song
Get out the credit cards
That just can be
Shuffle around the clock
If you hurry up the shipping is free
Cause the internet
Cause the internet
Cause the internet around
I'm 38, well he's Georgia
You know, sent me a couple of little
2Ds there on my space
It's quiet everybody's gone don't you understand?
I know they know more
I really dispoenaed my friends and professors
They were there for a little bit
Luckily, if you're good for them I hope it's true
They got their work done
They shuffled a couple of papers around
Okay I'm done and they bailed out
Brande has a job
Now why are you picking on him?
I thought I would
And speaking of Josh Cordis
Who's gonna be doing the stories next week
Don't tell me it's gonna be another one of these deals
Where I'm gonna send a bunch of stories
And to look online they're on our website
Oh no stories
Who's gonna be taking care of that?
George can do it
I don't know
No no he does a particular thing
That's a different story
So I don't know
Maybe Eric can do it
He does a particular thing
Oh right
Oh see that's a serious question
You might want to ask him that before you kick him in the face
Who's gonna do the stories that they tell us
Come on, there's no rejects
I'm not gonna do it
4.87
Why the, you bastard
Okay you're listening to the ticket
Not
Every good Christian knows it gain to play
I did not so very hard to do
Five the top
The name of the game is the Bible
But as you were hurt for it's the way we do
Tell people you know the way
The Bible says
Invite them to your house
Make their possessions away
The Bible says
And then you burn it down
You can get somebody to believe in
If you make the Bible say it's true
No matter what you do
You can be garried
The Lord will always forgive you
Think up a poison in his name
The Bible says
Way that all around
The Bible says
Find a fortune's lineage
The Bible says
And shoot a doctor down
Everybody, we are all with you
Hey
Come on, here we go with the publics
Be the crap out of your kids
The Bible says
You are due to the right of the Bible
Go on a fair promise
The Bible says
And pass the play around
The Bible says
Find all the chickens
And the Bible says
You make the sacrifice
You get the hind of it now
The Bible says
I'm starched up
God gave him the right
The Bible says
He lends his spoken mass
The Bible says
He's a creepy head
The Bible says
He's a Bible
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Guys, I am a killer
He didn't hide it back
When someone gives the whole over it
Jesus freaks out back
Jesus Christ is super happy
Never shut up to church
Posing won't get thrown on the floor
He's been choked to church
The Bible says
God gave him the right
The Bible says
He's a creepy head
The Bible says
He's a creepy head
The Bible says
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
He's not checking to line up
There is too much a fellow watcher
He's still forgetting to take up hell
He's got it in his head
Taking pills and not a joke
And for a cold and cold
First and shortly, do it
So come now I wanna smoke
The Pope stops down
Gains on the ground
The Pope stops down
He exits the command
The Pope stops down
He's a creepy head
The Pope stops down
The Pope stops down
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yes
The Pope is getting higher
Higher, higher
Aye, aye, aye
The pop-spots don't, can't even look at it
The pop-spots don't, he likes his second ass
The pop-spots don't, he's a groovy ad-man
The pop-spots don't, the pop-spots don't
The pop-spots don't, the pop-spots don't
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Everything we need is fairly ugly
No, I think not
Here, there's hope
He's like, 모든오
Come on again
Here's hope
I've already said too much
No no no no no no no no
Yeah, I've already said.
No, there's hope
No, there's hope
No, there's hope
No, there's hope
The boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are
girls are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys are boys, the boys are boys hmmmm, the boys are boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the girls are boys, the boys are boys, the girls are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the girls must be boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys are boys, the boys are boys, the guys are boys are boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys, the boys are boys are boys,
I'm gonna play the whole game.
I'm gonna play the whole game.
I'm gonna play the whole game.
I'm gonna play the whole game.
I'm gonna play the whole game.
I'm gonna play the whole game.
I'm gonna play the whole game.
Hey, how the way is that?
That's too.
Anyway, 151 almost time to get out of here.
Have a great holiday and get a facts here.
Can you believe we got a facts on holiday?
I don't.
You know what else we have?
What's that?
A thousand, too.
Woo!
Heavy duty, baby.
We got a thousand, too, on a pole.
The only sad part about that pole is we asked about your favorite dead celebrity,
the saddest of death of 2007 among celebrities.
And leading the pack by far, none of these 232.
We've got 47,000 names on here.
And 232 people couldn't find anybody that, you know,
how Sean Taylor do, 45.
He moved up there.
He flew up there.
He went flying up there, which is really amazing when he came right down to it.
Anyway, here's the facts.
It says yesterday you read a quote and I'll be damned if I can't remember it.
It contained a message about when the last brick of the last church
would you help me with a quote in the author.
This is one of our regular facts in his WB.
And George writes at the bottom,
Josh will be doing the stories.
Well, thank God for that.
On great old, little punk.
Anyway, now he's all right.
Anyway, here's the quote from Amio Zola.
And anyway, this is what the Dinos, Dinos Guleacas or whatever his name is.
I don't know.
Tom, Jung, Jung Kipper.
This is March 23rd, 2004.
He said this to me.
The quote was,
Civilization will thrive when the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest.
And I'm putting that right back over there.
No one lose that.
Words of wisdom from Amio Zola, baby.
Words to live by, amen.
During the weekend, I'm going to go ahead and start tearing some of the churches down.
Some brick by brick.
What the biggest name?
The best talent here is Neil Rogers.
4.2560 QAM.
The next force, leader.
You're God.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
Absolutely.
My beliefs are what's required to avoid a lack of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
You're fair.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
Ew!
Why my religion annotates baby tree and racial hate?
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
I'm religion's better than yours.
Still God.
I look like a router best,
I consider boys everywhere addressed.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
Jupahis.
Who knows who we threats
and dogs and dogs
i'm a religion
better no yours
Fίorgh
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
better no yours
We are demons
and we know the hood
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
Please
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
I'm a religion
better no yours
V bread
Gondorce the Father, you like forward brush to his ppyrologians better than your boys.
Body-rich is better than your religion.
My religion's better than your orders.
We wear ties and white our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
All right, we don't want to use our brains for mindless living over it my religion better than yours
My my my
No, it's radio five sixty WQ a.m
I am a good lord. I don't care how many day go get any what grease ball come bars come out of the wood work
No, don't don't don't don't
