Hey baby, I'm gonna use you as a sex toy.
Oh, right.
Roll another part.
Eeeh.
La la la, da da da da.
La la ju da da da da da da.
Wait.
La la la la, da da da.
La la la, da da da da.
I love you.
I was gonna creep my room.
I feel like I'm hot.
I was gonna get up and find the boom.
But then I got hot.
Oh, la la, da da da da.
You messed up.
And I know why, why?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cause like I have, you feel like I have.
You feel like I have.
Oh, la la da da da.
I was gonna go to class before I got hot.
Come on, y'all.
I'm taking a nap.
I could have cheated and I could have passed.
But I got hot.
La la, I'm telling you to make some mess.
And I know why, why?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cause like I have, you feel like I have.
You feel like I have.
Cause like I have.
I was gonna go to class before I got hot.
I was gonna make my child support.
But then I got hot.
Oh, you would.
Yeah.
La la, da da da da.
My whole face checks.
And I know why.
Why, why?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cause like I have.
You feel like I have.
You feel like I have.
La la da da da.
Was he gonna run from the cops?
But I was hot.
Oh, I'm serious, man.
I was gonna pull right over and stop.
But I was hot.
Oh, la la da da.
Now I'm a pair of pleats.
Shake it.
I know why.
Why, why?
Yeah, yeah.
Cause like I have.
You feel like I have.
You feel like I have.
La la da da da.
I was gonna make love to you.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
I was gonna need your pussy.
Oh, yeah.
La la da da da.
Now I'm jacking.
Okay, so like I said.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
I was just waiting.
There was a bad, while I dumped that.
I sure hope this thing works, doesn't it?
I don't know.
Let's pretend it does.
Hit it again.
So anyway, it's a 1003.
Here I thought we were gonna play something really a revolutionary
that I haven't played in a long time.
And I guess I won't be playing anytime soon.
I thought there were some good bleeps in that thing,
but there aren't.
Well, it's a subject matter thing.
Yeah, that's true.
Did that thing work or what?
Did we actually have no way of knowing?
No, we don't.
I banged it, I slammed it, I...
Well, I'm gonna have to dump you.
Keep proud talking like that.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hey, that was...
Hey, listen.
It was...
That was probably good.
It was equally as good for us as it was there at the end
of that awful morning show with Ethan Skolnik.
What in God's name?
You know something?
It's one thing to know that your show is getting canceled
and you're going off here, like these guys have known
for many, many weeks and months now.
It's another thing to go out like to do as much damage
as you possibly can before you leave.
Is that what they're doing?
Look, what are you talking about?
This is what they want to do.
Is it called sabotage?
The programming department wants them.
Ethan Skolnik and the juice?
Sure.
Wow.
Anyway, we want to apologize.
It's not just for that bitter.
I thought I was saying, I love that bit.
It's a great...
Of course.
It's a great...
Sure.
So, it's a song, but at any rate...
Excuse me.
We want to apologize for Eric and for...
And I'm not sending any more checks to your buddy
to Josh Corris.
Oh, hey, he's in the room right now.
I'm not sending any more to him until I start seeing some evidence
that something's going on at the website.
No, I'm serious.
He's one of these guys.
Give me the money.
Give me the money.
I'm going to Vegas.
Give me the money.
He always wants to get paid,
but he don't want to do nothing for it.
What's different about that?
Nothing, I guess.
It's the QMF in a way.
Ethan Skolnik.
Oh, it wasn't bad enough we had Alex Marviz disease
before I went away to Montreal,
which I'll tell you all about.
We're making some serious changes on his show starting today.
The least I am anyhow.
In fact, I think we're making some serious changes.
Period. Let's just shut the damn thing off.
So for five at the last six days,
for those, I mean,
you know, there are some people.
There's a few hundred people
that read our bedtime stories on NeilRodges.com.
Not as many people as should,
because there's some great stuff on there.
But the five at the last six days,
we owe them an apology
because there's nothing on there.
I mean, you've been sending them in
while I was away over the weekend.
And I sent them in for today.
I sent them yesterday afternoon.
I sent them, you know,
10 interesting stories for today.
I apologize.
You're not on there.
They're not on there.
And Josh comes in this morning.
But if he put a boot, put a bump,
I got a new computer.
Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap, Bap.
The life was really nice.
I wish I could afford a computer like that.
And Eric was supposed to be putting these stories on there.
Now, what the hell is Eric going to say?
He said,
what's he going to say beside that?
Josh is called.
I think he's going to blame Josh.
What is it?
I guess we're getting just like the rest of the state
who are we at a station.
We're just like kind of like, you know,
when we feel like doing a little something,
we'll do it.
And then if we don't, we just won't.
That's all.
Tune in and see if we feel like doing a show.
Tune in and see if we can instead
put some hacks sports writer on the air.
Ethan's is calling.
You know something Bo Canver must have something
going on with him too.
Although speaking of that,
we've got the power hour now.
Now, this is what the schedule says for today.
So, I'm going to say,
okay.
Evan Cohen between two and four.
Now, was he on this morning?
Evan Cohen, no.
Oh, he's not on with him in the morning.
No, that's just, I see I'm getting Evan
and Ethan confused now.
Ethan Skolnik, I see.
Excuse me, I got the wrong Jew.
We got Evan Cohen at two.
So, there's no mad dog today.
I'm assuming.
But then on the schedule,
current eclerics is the power hour with mad dog and Bo.
Well, why the hell would bad dog be on it for if he's not
on between two and four during his regular show?
Are we going to call in another doing hour?
Yeah.
You really believe that?
Nope.
Nope.
And then, five to seven, we got Bo and Bo.
Bo and O.
So, I guess it's definitely, I wasn't able to.
You're even able to work on power 96 before she told
her, I still don't go to hell.
Right?
I mean, I just don't know what's going on, you know.
I have no idea.
Probably just as well.
Yeah, I think so.
Of course, the audience,
they can't keep track of how our high water
and clearance he can't even make the schedule out wide for Christ's
but like you said before the show today,
he's programming to himself, okay?
And that's what QM has become.
It's programming for clearance and his little
little sports and boyfriends.
And it seems to be working really in a very special way.
So what's Eric's story?
Did he respond to you?
Is he in his little box this morning or what?
He said, what the hell did I do?
No, what it isn't what he did do is what he didn't do.
He didn't put any stories up.
He put them up for yesterday, I guess.
But five at the last six days other than for yesterday,
there's nothing there, Eric.
There are no stories.
There's nothing to read.
Did we like putting the newspaper out with all blank pages?
That's what we like, Eric.
New fatso.
New silly person.
And here's the fact that he started this morning
from somebody who was so illiterate and yet he's written everybody else.
And the reason that he's writing this fact is because I put this pull
up there about bilingualism, having just spent two very unpleasant days in Montreal.
Or you should learn, you're always telling us how you hate Montreal and the frogs,
and you know what I still do.
It's just that my little friend, he was all excited about going to Montreal.
And he got the cure.
He was there for two days and he will not be going back.
And neither will anybody else if they're smart.
By a lingualism doesn't work.
There are two places in North America where I can think of where they try to force it
on everybody.
One is Miami and the other one is Montreal, both with an M.
As in murder.
As in massacism.
Does it work in Miami?
No.
Just the divides everybody and pisses everybody off.
Does it work in Montreal?
No.
Even worse.
Even worse.
Parle v.
Jump on Z.
So anyway, the fact that we did the pull about bilingualism today,
which I'm amazed, we're not going to make the thousand votes on that today.
Chris,
it's all your fault.
Yeah, it must be my fault.
No, it must be Eric's fault.
Everything is Eric's fault.
Screw you, Eric.
You idiot.
You fatso you.
Here's the fact that it says Mr. Neil God.
And wait to hear how illiterate this is.
As a world traveler, you well know that there's always an advantage if you speak another language,
especially in Europe.
I know that most Europeans speak two or three languages before the Rudd of College.
If you travel to Asia, Latin America,
everyone is learning English or other languages.
Huh, they're learning in English.
Americans must not see bilingualism as an attack to the American culture.
Or way of life, it is simply an added advantage to the country or even your community.
I'm glad that I'm able to speak Spanish in my houses.
I learned English when I came to this country.
Not well though.
This allowed me to come to Florida, get a good job doing business in Latin America.
I learned Portuguese, Italian.
Now I'm learning some Chinese.
Ha ha ha.
You will get in your pool today.
People who hate bilingualism, but those are rednecks, fascists,
or American who really does not dominate their own language or are functional illiterate.
Rednecks or American who really does not dominate their own language or are functional illiterate,
like they last sat in the year.
They do not like any changes in their way of life.
They are near-sighted, spelled S-I-T-E-D, two words near-sighted,
ignorant American who will be responsible for the demise of the American society.
The world is getting smaller when the economy and the culture that will survive the changes
are those whose societies are willing to accept changes.
What Americans should hate is that our high school students and some college kids
graduate not knowing how to speak right or read English.
Let's not even discuss it in most American.
Do not even know their basic history.
The more language you know, the more you can earn.
With three exclamation points.
The more language you know, the more you can earn.
From somebody who thinks they know how to speak English, but don't.
But anyway, very sad.
Or here's a new schedule.
Just got faxed to me.
Is this for today?
I think it's a very bad thing.
I kind of got the mad dog out of that.
Corrected the clearance decided to make a new page.
This is my third, my third try the schedule for today.
Nice going, clearance you idiot.
You ferry.
Bozo.
No mad dog at what we got for,
oh four to seven bull and oh, that's the change.
Because there is no mad dog today.
And there's no Humper today.
Everybody's on vacation the same week.
That's good scheduling.
Excellent idea.
So there's an illiterate fax from somebody giving me a song that's about
bilingualism and we must do this.
We must not do anything.
We must first and he even alluded to it there in the last illiterate paragraph.
First you ought to speak English that would be good.
Then after that, start worrying about other languages.
This isn't Europe.
This isn't places where even the sluppers learn true through languages
where there's an emphasis in education.
This is America.
The last time I checked Montreal was in Canada and it doesn't work there either.
It blows, it sucks, it's it's it's it's it's great.
And if you wonder why people in South Florida hate the French Canadians
because they have good reason because they're disgusting,
they're obnoxious, they're cheap, they're grotesque,
and they're some human.
Other than that, they're great.
I don't want to spend like the whole day on that today but I just might.
All right, just might read that fax again over and over again.
If you can't, nothing like lecturing people on language
when you yourself be illiterate.
You don't understand?
I'm going to play that because I got high again.
Please.
And then we'll throw one of the more of those new programs.
I've tried to but it was too late.
You know what I'm saying?
There's a lot of stuff to throw things over in that pit.
Do you?
Oh yeah.
No, no, no, no, I know that the Lord even loves Neil Roger.
No.
Oh, I took a call from the eponix.
They say the future be right for me.
Now I can't get snow job because I don't got no liberty.
I was talking like an old Negro.
Eponix thought they had this way.
Now I can't do nothing but my heritage say that's okay.
Change my name to shoot, roll, drive a douce and a quarter and a can of that.
I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside,
developing their bar, grinding the blues out of the teeth.
White devil's got snow job holding and high high.
Tony Bond, explicated my knowledge.
Now I got to go and sell both raccoke and raccoke.
Raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke.
No, they would have bar in the song.
Eponix makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with litteracy.
Now I got to make more money.
They were fools.
Sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Eponix ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch steal her purse and pull her hair.
Then I gonna take some money by a cereal and a fridge of dead.
I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside,
the building their bar, grinding the blues out of the teeth.
White devil's got snow job holding and high high high.
Tony Bond, explicated my knowledge, changed now.
Got to go and sell both raccoke and raccoke.
Raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, raccoke, race.
I'm the thing I ever let it go all the way to the bitter end.
10, 20 at 5, 60 WQM, happy Tuesday to you.
Eric's got a story up on our website for today.
Those of you who...
Oh!
So what did he say?
Did he have the cajones to say I screwed up?
Oh, he's got five, six stories up there now.
And there are actually some people reading them a little bit.
What did he say?
I heard that.
You heard what?
That's what he said.
He asked what did he screw up or whatever.
Yeah.
What the hell did I do?
I said no stories posted for five, six days is what he's saying.
Yeah.
And then he said I heard that.
So what does that mean?
What kind of an explanation is that?
I don't know.
I mean at least make up some kind of a story like your blood sugar was like a thousand
or something and you were going to die about a coma.
Give us some kind of a cock-a-name-y story with your please as opposed to just say oh yeah
I screwed up.
But not even saying that.
Ethan Skolnik is like a regular...
No wonder the Kenyans bow shows going off the year.
Good God.
And not eight, it's time to soon.
Now what's the day today, the 21st and what date is Joe Rostar allegedly?
It's the third.
What?
The third?
So that means like ten and three is a thirteen.
Two instruments.
Eric says he'll gladly do Josh's job from now on.
Assuming he's getting paid the same that Josh gets paid.
He doesn't say that.
He didn't say that.
I just added that on to you.
He's a good one to be casting his versions on Josh or anybody else at this point after
screwing up five at the last six days.
And he's all of a sudden making slight comments about somebody else.
Is it too yet?
No, seriously, this is not a good start.
I mean, I'm not saying I had a really bad time.
The food among trail is great.
That I will say the food is great.
The shopping is great, so I'm told.
And so I'll find on my credit card, I'm sure.
But other than that, the people are pathetic.
They suck.
They're obnoxious and disgusting.
And not just the ones who speak only French.
But I'll get to that momentarily.
Here's the email on my space.
And this is typical.
And it's from a guy whose handle is Retardo M.
Retardo M could be the guy that said that facts that I read in the beginning of the
show about the if you peoples would be a more literate than whatever he said.
It says, awesome.
I can't believe I finally found you.
Of course, this is somebody who lives in Maryland somewhere now.
Keep that in mind.
But nevertheless, I used to live in for a liquor deal.
See, people that say for liquor deal, those people need to be shot.
Because they think that's very cute and very funny.
It's not.
I used to live in for a liquor deal and listed and listed to you.
And I've listened to you back in the W.I.D. Dick and Dead era.
And I've wondered what happened to you.
Please make me a friend.
All of this person doesn't, he has no thing under, has to be a friend of a friend request.
Please make me a friend as I have no life.
I have no life.
By the way, if you aren't too old to remember, how do you like that for a shot?
If you aren't too old to remember, my friend and I did, sweet home-broward county as
well as chronic and gave it to you on a tape back when you were playing somewhere in
Crol Springs, signing autographs for a new home's opening, signed Tony.
How do you like that?
So Tony, who's returned to O.M. in Maryland somewhere, finally found the show.
Get used to it, Tony.
We've been on the station almost 10 years now and promotion aid us.
Oh, we're losing all that money on the Marlins.
We lose our ass on the Slicin' Marlins and we can't afford to promote or do go, yeah.
Right.
Well, I somehow we should feel responsible for the fact that they're losing the rest of
the Marlins.
You ought to be happy they're losing the rest of the Marlins.
You had a short show yesterday in the real estate.
I would love to look at this scene.
I've seen 1230 Marlin pre-game show.
Finally.
Nice, finally.
Yes, it was very nice.
I think that's the last one, too, isn't it?
Who knows?
Now, I could get that schedule out and look, but you know, the way things are going right
now and looking at this schedule, we got it.
OK, here's the schedule.
Evan Cohen and two, ladies and gentlemen.
Four to seven, we got Bowen.
Bowen O.
Wow.
What a quinile of that is.
What a pairing, you know?
Miami Dolphins all access.
Seven to seven, 35.
We got a short and show on that, thank God, because we got your Marlin game.
Seven, 35.
Those are the marlins that we're losing our ass on again this season.
Marlins at St. Louis today, 10 in game that we'll dedicate follows.
Marlins baseball, which is like following two and a half, three hours of dead air.
OK, here's George's pull result from yesterday.
Seven hundred and seven votes, not two, chamois.
No, considering we started one at nine, thirty, nine, thirty.
Nine, thirty, so many of you.
Really?
Yeah.
Which of these will mess up your life?
The most of it happens to you.
That was the poll question.
156 said physical disabilities, such as blindness, hearing loss or loss of mobility.
One, fifty six.
That's what I voted.
Getting laid off from your job, 76.
Loss of love, 165, spending time in jail of prison, 63, D.Y.
50.
Bad marriage or divorce, 39.
Bad marriage, George.
On plant pregnancy, 39.
Ooh, yeah, there's a lot of things going together.
Go hand, gland and hand.
Thrugidiction, 31, impotence, 27, religious conversion, 23, religious conversion.
Oh, my God.
Identity, theft, 22, victim of rape or other violent crime, 20.
Illness or injury of a family member, 17.
Bad creditor, bankruptcy, 15.
Diabetes, have blood pressure, arthritis, other non-fatal health condition, 13.
Alcoholism, 12.
Dropping out of school, 11.
Going bald, nine.
Herpes are other non-fatal STD, nine.
Obesity, five.
Serving time in the military, five.
Being a stalking victim, none, and anorexia or bulimia, none.
I was 707.
How can anorexia or bulimia have no votes?
Because nobody's anorexica or bulimia in the audience.
Nobody feels sorry for those who are.
I'm sure in our audience is all fat, right?
And they're not busy sticking their finger down their throat.
Maybe something else, but not their finger.
It felt like a finger.
So anyway, that's Georgia's pull from yesterday.
You had how many 707?
So that's our goal today is 708.
That would really be great.
What?
Yeah, that's what I come here for every day on these Tuesdays and Thursdays in the
summertime.
It's to beat however many votes you've gotten the full today before.
I'm going to show you a hard one.
No, not what the kind of pulls you put up there.
Well, 554 is what we got so far today in an English no less.
As far as bilingualism, I have basically one thing that sums up my feelings about the
whole concept.
Bilingualism, my ass.
What are we doing these stunt rejoins now?
Is everybody else?
Oh, you found those two?
Aren't they fun?
Keeps you.
You're an idiot.
You're a moron.
Okay.
How can this be going on, ladies and gentlemen?
How can this be happening?
An overgrown, jock-sniffing child is the program director.
I don't even know what that bit was.
I was going to play there.
What the hell was it?
I don't know.
Oh, okay.
I don't either.
Well, too bad.
You lose.
I was something really hysterical.
Probably not.
So you had the same difficulty there with the...
Yeah, some more.
Sure.
Keeping you guessing.
I did a thing on the air.
I talked about it.
How this is not even radio-wish.
How people, professional radio professionals use radio audio cues, you know, and their
life is all about audio cues.
You've got these false cues in there and you're going to get...
See, the best part of the whole deal is that we got this fat ass general manager who
will allow us this child to be the program director.
And we've got this mishmash of mung.
A mishmash of mung where we used to have, like, at least the semblance of a radio station,
which we don't got no mong.
No mong.
No mong.
I'm going to start getting pissed off my first day back from Montreal, you know.
Oh my God.
What was that?
He says, you know, on 560 WQA, and I'm assuming that's the Q and now we come back and
but a beep or the rejoin, whatever it is.
And then Chris tells me we've got some rejoins that we aren't going to plan to show that
go on for a minute.
Yep.
Which we've been through that a million times.
Okay.
It's kind of like, what can we put on the air to make sure that we drive you away?
What can we do?
You're wrong about that.
The more sports, the more better.
Right.
Like all those chunks of play that we have to put in as if people don't know what it sounds
like when somebody's calling a home run and a baseball game.
Yeah, but you can't hear that stuff enough.
You can't hear those plays enough, no, can you?
Yes.
And then come on.
With the people we got calling the plays on this station, you can't want, once is once too many.
Once is one time too many with the Jimmy Cifilis and with the Dave and boring.
But you know, I don't start up now.
It's a bad idea and you'll don't be starting up.
They already hate you like poison.
Two, four, six, eight, nine.
I sent ten stories and Eric's got nine of them up already.
And I was going fat Eric.
And of course the fact that he's got a whole bunch of them up there and there's the evidence
right there is if we needed any that I sent him a bunch of stories for today.
And all of a sudden they're magically appearing must be magic.
Let's play that.
What you're taking by Lingwill is a mess.
They're a poor question today.
575 votes.
I hate it.
139.
Hate it.
I'm all for it.
128.
So almost even Stephen.
I don't care.
103.
That was George's vote.
Well, that's because George speaks both languages.
So he's giving both.
We're giving both as if there's only two.
Both languages that are prevalent in South Florida, not anymore, not where I live.
Let me say it again.
When you move to a country, a country has a language, okay?
The language of America is English.
Yes.
Speak the English.
When you move to Canada, the language of Canada is English.
Speak it English.
If you're a tourist, that's a different story.
If you're traveling in Europe like that stupid facts, illiterate facts said.
If you're traveling in Europe, yeah, it's helpful to know a little Italian, try a little
bit, or a little frog, or whatever.
But it's not necessary.
It's not required.
And you want to know why?
Because people are in the business of serving tourists like in hotels and restaurants.
They learn a bunch of different languages because they know that you want them to speak
your language so you can communicate.
Communicate.
Follow the dotted lines, okay?
Communicate is really great.
The other reason I don't care is because I don't do business with people that don't
speak English.
I don't let it bother me.
Well, good.
And stick to that policy.
No speaking English.
I just want to get out of my face.
Right.
No speaking English.
Get out of my face and go back to your place.
Okay, let's see.
I don't care.
103.
I'm more for bisexuality.
86.
If you're going to be bi, be bisexual, not bilingual.
86.
It doesn't work.
66.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
Period.
And I wish I was bilingual 53.
That was a Chris ad on there at the end.
It didn't really well, Chris.
Well, I wish you were bilingual.
Yeah, sure.
I wish I could have been in Spanish.
Yeah, that's because you live in Dave County.
Well, yeah, he does.
Wait some kind of a fool.
Well, you can't afford to live in Broward County.
Exactly.
Well, whatever that means.
Why don't you move to Palm Beach County?
In fact, why not move like to, um, no, or, or, or, or, or whatever that place is?
Hey, if I can move, come on, move into to a happy to right now.
I'll press her up.
She put some cheap land in two egg.
570 votes.
So we're not going to go anywhere near as long as we get seven away, I'll be happy.
And starting today, we're taking a lot of calls on this show.
Even when I'm doing it, you'll see WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
What's all that noise?
Oh, that's my truck.
Oh, yes, sir.
Hi.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
How are you doing today?
We meet you.
What happened to you?
What does that mean?
Well, you're not doing the programs anymore.
So just wondering.
What is that?
I was at the radio.
Well, what does that mean?
I'm not doing the programs anymore.
What are you talking about?
I never learned you.
Well, that's true.
I do Tuesday and Thursday.
It's the summertime.
Sir, follow the dive to bouncing balls Tuesday and Thursday.
I'm on.
All right.
I'll see you later.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
I hope not.
See, that's what we want.
That's what the audience is dying for all the way.
I do have a couple of stories.
I mean, that's it.
What?
No, you're right.
That's what they want.
That's it.
That's what they want.
Our articulate guys like that to say some kaka.
And that's what America wants.
Kaka, maybe.
Kaka.
Oh.
WKQM Kaka Radio.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, this is a sound dumb.
But you know when you sing that song about we love the Panthers?
Yeah.
Are there any other words to that?
My friends actually love that doing that a Panther game.
Your friend goes to the Panther game?
Yeah, he's the only one.
I'm sure you like that.
Yeah, well, good luck to him.
Okay.
We love the Panthers.
They really blow.
And when it comes to hockey, that's all I know.
That's it.
So you're going to know.
Oh, you're a scruffer.
You're screening calls, supposedly.
I mean, you know, I don't want to overwork your fat ass now.
You know, between you and fat Eric.
That's one thing I know from person.
I'm sorry.
Fat people are lazy people.
Okay.
Fat people are lazy people.
And fat people are the dead people.
Let's keep those two things in mind.
WKQM, hello.
I just found some Michael Big Hot.
I found them breaking up the body.
So that's what you want.
Yeah, that's what they want.
Not that there's any calls now.
If you had difficulty getting a lot of response because it looks to me.
There's nobody around.
What?
You've got to ask.
Yes, I'm asking you.
If I knew what you want, it's like,
you know, it's like, you know, it's sure it is.
When we're talking about bilingualism, I'll tell you what.
We're talking about what?
Back in the day when the audience, which is never on this station.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
That's when you get a picture call.
Like I said, this is what I've been longing for.
This is what's been missing in my life for months and months and months.
Now we're talking.
Yeah.
Oh.
And in your silent, you don't agree with what?
I agree with what?
No, this is great.
What are you talking about?
It's the world of fire.
I wouldn't say that.
I sure aren't a lot of calls on here.
I'll tell you that.
But then again, it's the 21st of August.
What's done you expect?
Like anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
They'll take a lot of chances.
The school is back in.
It's in.
Oh, no.
Well, that's a bad sign.
And if school is back in and this is the best we can do on the phone.
56670560,
pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
Well, they make you, they want to make you big, you know, especially since I've like shut them off for so long now.
Oh, we want you to like a dog.
You got them your hind legs and bag like a dog.
You know, one that's still alive as opposed to being with Michael Vic.
What's your take on Michael Vic?
He makes me want to take another big dump.
Here's a guy that's making all of this millions and millions of dollars who is borderline illiterate.
And he's, you know, and he's doing dog fighting on the side.
Bad news, kettles with a Z, you know.
That's my take.
Anybody that abuses animals or like, you know, innocent people, children, women.
And anybody who's an abuser, he deserves to go away for a long time.
And they're debating, well, when he gets off, can you go back to the NFL?
Sure, because the NFL in spite of this new commissioner.
The NFL loves slime balls.
Just ask where he'll lose. He'll tell you.
Hey, Kirby, looks like a dog woman running after a bug.
Where are they?
Is your dog misbehaving?
There's one man who can help with your problem, pooch.
Michael Vic, the dog whisperer.
Dog whisperer, please help.
Rover will stop barking.
If you aren't shut the hell up, I'm gonna get a job.
Oh, now you know, you got shot damn close.
Boxing is too big.
Amazing.
There's no canine conundrum that Michael Vic, the dog whisperer,
can it cure?
Dog whisperer, love it keeps messing on the carpet.
Nothing.
You make one more pooch stain on that carpet.
I'm gonna get job on up in here.
I make a big ol' stain with your blurmin' and testas of what now.
You feeling me dog?
Thank you, dog whisperer.
Michael Vic can diagnose and discipline any dog.
Dog whisperer, my pitpo keeps attacking other dogs.
He do?
Really?
Shit.
Jump good boy.
You come and live with me.
We'll make us some money.
Michael Vic is the dog whisperer coming this fall live on Sundays because he won't be playing football.
Must be the money.
That must be the problem.
Okay, a little money sure is there in the Vic family.
It's 1046, 14 before 11 at 560 W.D.C.
And we got Evan Cohen at two of a sceptin' them.
And it's brother Marty.
Now, how is Evan doing?
Have you heard any of it, Chris or not?
Yeah, we're working on the month Sunday.
It's really good.
He's good.
Yes.
Really good.
Correct.
W.D.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Daniel, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
Good.
Did you have a nice summer?
Yeah, that's so far.
I have no complaints.
Oh good.
Did you happen to see Bill Maher's decider thing on 18?
I don't watch Bill Maher.
He makes me want to vomit.
What don't?
Really?
I think he's kind of clever.
What don't you like about him?
I just had a curiosity.
He's a twerp.
He's a what?
A twerp.
A double p.
A W-E-R-P.
A twerp.
Oh, okay.
I just, we had some great things about Bush.
I mean, some of his appointees, I mean...
Yeah, well, I agree with a lot of what he says, but he's a twerp.
And he makes me want to vomit.
And Larry King, I think, is going to be a lope with him.
And I just can't stand him.
You know what?
He talks about strong Hannity, you know, box-dose.
Uh-huh.
And he says that they have a, you know, they have Hannity in combed Hannities,
and like capital letters in combes is a little tiny.
Well, you can't read it without a name.
That's basically what he does.
He restates the obvious things that everybody else should have been
sometimes, including me, right.
That's Bill Mar.
Oh, but he says all the things that you say, and he, oh, yeah, that's the problem.
I've said those things like two, three years ago, five years.
And so is everybody else.
And Larry King is obsessed, and he's even more obsessed with him than the
Abadiah Tammy Faye, which is saying a lot.
Tammy Faye Messner, what a mess.
And, of course, oh, it's bigger than the King.
I was in my hotel room over the weekend in Montreal, and there was Larry on there,
and he had his tribute to the King, and he had Priscilla on there,
and then he would Graceland, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
and I'll let Elvis Crap again.
That we talked about on Thursday.
How come Chris is answering the phone?
I don't know.
Which is supposed to be screening these calls you fancy.
Yeah, I've all done, I think you forgot it.
And, and I believe that.
But Eric has got more than 10 stories on there for a day,
which means some of the ones that I've already sent for tomorrow.
Yeah, he's putting all the ones for tomorrow on there,
which means there aren't going to be any for, stop putting stories on there now, please.
Because what you're doing is taking the wrong ones, and you're putting them on there for a day.
You know something? I feel like I've just lost control.
I don't know what just happened since Thursday.
I think he's overcompensating, I think he's got a most serious...
Well, stop overcompensating.
246, 8, 10.
He's got 13 stories on there for a day, only sent 10.
And this morning I said a bunch already for tomorrow, which, you know, don't listen.
I just had nothing to do with it.
I think we just shut the website down.
I don't know how to relax.
Relax.
In other words, don't care. Like a lot of other people just stop caring.
It's not the same thing.
Don't care.
I'm still caring.
Oh, it's just summer schedule.
I'm just going to tell Matt, I'll get back to bed.
I could be here.
Don't have to work tomorrow, just relax.
Oh, what a bunch of slackers, man.
Just unbelievable.
WDQA and hello.
A nail.
Yes.
How about those cubbies?
What about them?
Yeah.
How about those cubbies?
Good call, yeah.
WDQA and hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
The new phone screeners are doing a wonderful job.
Yeah, except in your case.
5670560, 0.560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
But when you're really fat, sometimes the fat gets up into your ears, you know, in the ear canals.
And you can't hear the voices on the phone like that one, for example. Chris.
WDQA and hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, who?
I'm wondering who was fattening all these Michael Vitt dog fights, sir.
Are they going to prosecute them in any way?
Does it make a difference?
Well, I don't know.
I mean, anybody who's doing stuff like that, I feel that they certainly should get a good look at it.
In case you go out there and give them a good look, okay?
So you round them up and we'll throw them in a slam where you go round them up.
Give them a good look.
56705 is that what it is?
I may have to change my attitude about Thursday's show, you know.
Well, we'll see.
This is like a dry run today, like a test case.
Dry hump.
And I dry hump.
5670560, 0.560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
I haven't heard a ladies voice yet on the phone today.
We're all the ladies.
Maybe they're off with Joe Rose.
I bet you when Joe Rose comes back on September 3rd alleged that the ladies all come back to the QM all for the 80s.
Both of them to lay.
How you doing with the ladies?
What's your take on bilingualism?
607 votes.
I hated 146.
I'm all 4133.
That's like a wash.
I don't care 109.
I'm more for bisexuality 67.
87.
It doesn't work 69.
I wish I was bilingual 63.
I wish I was by.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey Neil, good morning.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
Well, I'm sorry.
I just have a comment about Michael Vick.
I think that if he ever does get back into the NFL and he has a bad game, he's issued an electric treatment in the locker room or dip his head in the water.
And you know, just the same thing that he used to do to the dogs, he should do to him when he comes back.
Why do they have to wait for the NFL?
Why can't they do that in jail?
It's all excellent.
The quicker the better.
Okay.
Thank you.
If he ever comes back to the NFL, if he comes back to the NFL, that's when I stop watching it.
I'll tell you that right now.
They can take their football and they can stick it where the moon.
Back to them.
Don't try it.
Okay, it might be a tough fit.
But you know something?
Where does the world is away?
Airy slimeball, as long as they're a jock, as long as it's a celebrity or they're a jock, airy slimeball, no matter what the hell they do.
Oh, you know, well, he's in rehab and...
I wonder if those dead dogs are going to be rehab, do you think?
Yeah, life rehab.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, Neil, what do you think about Ron Paul?
I don't.
You don't?
I don't think anything of him.
He's another, he's like Dennis Kassinich and drag.
Yeah, I don't think he would be good for the country as far as Kassinich and...
Ron Paul has got as much chance of getting elected president as you have been going and performing open heart surgery, 1130 this morning, okay, sir.
Cut the crap.
God.
What do you think, Ron Paul?
I don't.
I think the same thing to him is I think of Bill Marr, same exact thing.
Just get out of my face and get out of my place and get out of my space. Go away.
Just go away and don't come back.
Oh, but he's not one of the evil Republicans, which is exactly why he's got no chance.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I mean, it's probably going to be a year and they're going to put them in one of those camps where it's like for all the white collar guys.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
Why don't we care about Michael Vick so much?
Why is this the topic of the year today?
Why does everybody all with double-bomb my... is this because Brittany isn't in rehab again this week?
I'll tell you what I'm a dolphin fan and I'll take him on a dolphin in 2010, no problem.
William.
And Ricky, you'll take Ricky back and how's Ricky doing by the way? Chris is he running fast and jumping high?
I know, yeah.
Hi.
He'll take him on 2010, the dolphins any day.
And that's because you don't care, sir. You have no values. You have no scruples.
This guy's a butchery murderer, a slime ball of innocent animals, and you'll take him on the dolphins.
You know something I say it's a perfect fit.
Oh, you shouldn't say that. This is the dolphin station.
Yeah, we got our collective heads up the dolphins, ask now that we got the games back.
And across the street, I noticed that didn't have a little problem with Jason Taylor, across the street.
Correct.
Major problem with Joel Feinberg, okay.
Oh, Jason Taylor doesn't care about us in our business.
Guess what? Nobody cares about your business, Joel.
Okay, you're a loser.
You're the Make Believe station. Not just the Make Believe sports station.
You're the Make Believe station. You don't even own a station.
You're like Ranta Radio. That's what you are, Joel. You're a joke.
And only because of the fact that Jolly Joe was given the keys to the Kingdom to a little boy named Clarence,
that you know, you got any chance that I'll get any number.
Oh, but we got to send the kid.
Yeah, that's part of the problem.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Turn the radio down off.
You're like, hey, I'm sorry.
Yes. How's it going?
Okay.
I'm glad to have you back. I tell you what, I'm glad you got rid of those chronic collars
that Reverend John scared you.
Yeah, okay. Good. W-Q-A-M, hello.
See how I get there.
Well, I'll come back. It's great to hear you back.
I have a question for you. You know, they have this reward out there for this cop killer.
Do you have to pay taxes on that money?
Do you have to pay taxes on that money?
And then Michael Vitt, when he goes to prison, longest job three.
Wait, hold on.
You were right.
Oh, I wait till you go.
L-9 is always the good one. Q-A-M, hello.
Why is the question in town?
Yeah. Like I said, L-9 is always my favorite.
621 hosts. We're going to beat that 707 that George is in yesterday.
And then he will fear us.
This is the new Roger Show.
Rock solid, Wayne.
Any questions?
Good bye, Carl Rowe.
You're flaming me open, how long?
Now you'll have more time for Jeff Ganon's ukulez and comfort you
while you tickle his poopy tube.
Yet dirty, tasty bag of you.
And a lousy dancer, wish calling you a turd blossom is the only truth he said
since his ass is where you kept your head.
You should've told a party just the president.
You're recovering queer and prepare a fear.
Get the hell out of here.
Get lying traitors.
Say bye bye and don't hide it.
You'll be nearby.
Just a sinner from tree to snow.
But still, prepare.
If you want to put your tongue in some republic intel,
welcome to the good christian republican boyfriend, who's for you in here.
Oh Michael, maybe Michael tickle it for real good time inside.
Oh baby, I can just conjure up some imagination right now, some a maggot nation.
1102 at 560 WQ, I'm happy Tuesday to it.
On the station, it used to be great before Clarence and Joe Bell teamed up and
Joyce to destroy it.
I'm not going to read a whole bunch of stories, but like I said, I got a few things.
A little something, something here and there.
Not as good as the calls though, obviously.
But then what is?
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama, they said the Bush administration
blundered by tightening restrictions on Cuban Americans who want to visit the island
or send money home and promise to reverse the measures they've elected.
Thank you, Abe.
The only way Senator said the restrictions imposed in 2004 isolated the comments
I learned from the transformative message carried there by Cuban Americans.
He promised to grant Cuban exiles unrestricted rights to visit their families
and to send remittances home.
Give me the money.
The primary means we have a link.
After Wade Jeeman fundamental ways he wrote an op-ed piece in the herald.
Unfortunately, the Bush administration has made grand gestures to that end while strategically.
No.
This is a go.
And it says in the article here which I don't want to read it too long because I don't want to do a lot of boring reading here on the show any mo.
The Cuban ex-halvo is considered key to winning fluid and top presidential candidates have generally followed the recommendations of the community's most hardline and vocal leaders who support a full embargo against the Castro government.
bad mistake the hard line the old geeks are in domino park freaks and geeks no
speaking in glaze a key that kind of crap like I said bilingualism doesn't work
and let me give you a good piece of travel advice do not go to Montreal okay
unless you're just gonna go to eat and and even that the food was a disappointing
wasn't as good it was it was okay there's a restaurant that I love they're
called bookachinos okay not as good as and I've been there you know every
other time I've gone to Montreal I always have at least one meal there not as
good disappointing this a freaking pointing okay although they do speak
English and that's good some about two or three of them you know what's like
well I'm sure you do well in your case it doesn't make any difference in my
am you going to a store and somebody is approaching you in Spanish now what
would you say huh what do you mean somebody approaches me in Spanish like
like customers like somebody wants to await on you in a store and you speak
English and if they do I continue the conversation in English and if they don't I
say thank you very much and I leave really but see I don't have a problem there I
don't go to places where they don't speak English how do you know that how do
you know that when you walk in the middle speaking because I've been in the
same place for a while and so I know which places speak English which one is
don't and so far every place that I go into they speak English or have the
ability to guess how many places speaking I don't know none so I'm not going to
go there I guess oh don't go see it's a very easily avoided issue as far as
unconcerned even down here like they have an eaten center you know like the big
shopping center here in Toronto and the eating center in Montreal the difference
being that then throughout the speaking mission in Montreal they speak
frog and if you don't speaking if you don't speak French they make it very
obvious that oh I mean they kind of like me do away from you I mean there is there
are two reasons that I live in Broward and one of them is the traffic yeah and the
other one is the language well Broward has an official language I don't know if
it's official but so far I don't have a problem I don't have a problem going
places where they don't speak English it hasn't happened yet in Broward in
Broward good well if you want to go to speak English go to Montreal no thank you
partly who up your ass that probably was Rampazille
bestie no and there there's nothing more disgusting than a frog I don't care
I mean you people in Helen Dale and Holly Wood and Dany you've seen them for
years and years and years and during the so-called season when they come with
their speedos and with their note tip and the Gimmi Souvenirs and all the other
crap you know go back to Quebec and get lost I just want to assure anybody out
there that who thinks that you know that's what Canada is all about is the
frogs forget about it that's Quebec they're disgusting and nauseating and
they make it a horrible horrible place it is not a good experience plus it's not
very much of a city anyway it's crap kind of like dumpy you know even the
Eden Center is kind of dumpy five six I notice you know see the thing with Chris
is he puts the calls on hold when he feels like you know what's that yeah we
had that discussion yeah I'm what did he say he doesn't say anything
I was there I was up there for two seconds so I was there he was why he was up
there for two seconds yeah I disappeared well that was a really call how am I
going to go back to taking calls when we don't have any five six seven oh five
sixty and I'm sure we got a lot of people out there at least we did back when
we had an audience on the station a lot of people have had that experience in
Dave County in fact we used to do that all the time and I got very stupid which
is one of the reasons I'm glad I stopped taking calls oh well I went into a
place in Miami they wouldn't speak English to me well there's an easy
solution that go find some place where they do five six seven oh five sixty
and pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line
somebody QA and hello hey Neil pleasure to talk to you when you take calls
on well yes sir first of all the the whole thing with Michael Vic I agree with
you this guy the only thing I see for him in the future is probably coaching
the hurricane but other than that I think his career is done and rightfully so
and I just wanted to say we always enjoy listening to your stories of your
travels and you've got the best job in the world so I'm sure you're a happy
guy okay have a great day pack have the best job in the world sure what
136 votes on our poll all we need is 708 that would really be great and
it will show up George after yesterday after his seven oh seven although at
this time of the year now this although you said the kids are back in school
so what's the excuse now I don't know let's make one up I mean with everybody
talking about Michael Vic it's not good to say it's dawn days of summer by the
way that got brought up a good point what would you rather be doing if not
this besides nothing of course no cop out answer what does that mean I would
do wish you would have been doing for a living if not this if you don't think
your job I don't I don't that's not something I think about I have no idea I
mean that that's that's a well kind of a question is that well the guy brought
up a good point you know your job is great your job is great in my
complaining I'm not complaining about my job I'm complaining about the people that
are making it more difficult and the people are one is a place in the well well
well we can all relate to okay there you go because they're absolutely in my
language okay that is that is they're doing everything in their power to
to destroy to burn to damage to I mean it's it's unbelievable it's the parade
of the sports writers on q a m if it's not Alex Marvez it's Ethan Skolik if
it's not Ethan Skolik it's they've run and hide if it's not they've hide it's
the sports agents with what's his name Dave what's his name come on Chris
which one the agent uh Rosenstein yeah
yeah Drew or whatever his name is that everybody hates like poison that's why we
put him on the air because everybody despises him and it hates him and when he
comes under radio people go yeah are puking their guts out all over all over
the streets they're opening up the windows of their cars and heeding all over
all over the place from drawers on that's why we put him on the air because this
pervaging and we got Joe Zeki up the old uh shoot this week I'm looking at this
schedule my god who the hell wants to hear Joe's again and then we got him
all over the place Joe Bell you're impossible man you are a fat ass
impossible guys what you are you're a movable and tractable and hopeless is
what you are and the good luck in your new job whenever it starts
WDQA and hello good morning good morning sir I didn't know I was up
hey how's it going to you how's it going George you know you got you know what
Neil one of the nicest things that you've done for this community is you brought
George and and and worked him into the the the
community right
really enjoyable really you guys and then day and I said or here wherever the
hell was I said what can I do for the community because you know ask not
what your community can do for you you know how that goes what can you get
back up and here's the best way it was put I'm ranting down the Ottawa River
July 4th and I talk to the graph guy was talking with the graph guy and I
can go up on the left side of the river he's the left side of the river is
well back Montreal and I said on the right side is the best
parallel right yeah that's that's basically the way they think that's basically
the way you think but you know that already yes I do always make it
you take care of my back see you pal yeah we hate the frogs baby we hate the
frogs and that's one good thing you won't hear people speak in front you
in Ontario because if they do but I'm being not that we have a lot of
violence but in this case the exception probably who get lost get out of here
well there's that Bob Murray guy from the you know Murray energy 30 inch hole
2000 and they're gonna do a real a big hole yeah how long do you think they
should keep drill holes there in a mountainside for like a couple of months I don't
want to body parts yeah they're gonna I mean what's the point you know don't
you reach the point or should we just sacrifice for some more rescue workers
I don't want to yeah let's not go there no I don't know how about if we drill a
hole we stick Michael Victor since everybody was there you know his dumb ass his
obnoxious violent ass hateful sick twisted see I can I can almost relate to
it as grotesque it is is is much of an animal over as I am especially a dog
lover if somebody was really desperate for cash you know and this is the only
way they had to make money and there was some big bucks in it you know and
desperate but here's a guy who is because he's a dumb job making millions and
dollars and he's involved in crap like this you can't complain about his values
you want to know why because he doesn't have it baby
now look at that fight message gotta send to
how was I even know to find what you're
mullet brain right right there wasn't the big hole mine is anyway I just
turned down to make a living I ain't living I'm just working in a cold
mind going down down we gotta find the way he's out of here
I lost my dick all the guys this phone gotta write bubble-puss
stop digging the China
hey wait a minute you see that a microphone
there's a microphone and a microphone
and a mind that now stand back there behind there's a microphone over here
how could I be sure it was you
what is the phone yeah you're right I'll have the brisket and Dr. Browns make that a
black cherry yeah but from a very good reason why so
certainly cool as many uses but a comforts a modern life
in each of the factories run into full more trains and the trains
they call the fuel power plants use cold to power your
Victor roller and keep the theater lights on the white floor
relax like heavy for when placed in hands of
supra they can turn a lump of cold into a precious
diamond I would out cold you couldn't bother
to rip it into the sand steam clean your hat
well where spots on your shoes so you see cold is not just
less than a horse you can bet children
why some they go power unseekable luxury liners and who knows
wine scooter paint rocket ships yes cold
the fuel of America is a dust-reel investment for the new
purest century
it's 1118 at 560 W.C. by the way one last time you travel on a train
mean I've only had one real train trip and it was
years ago many like not bad no we went on the train
it's about five hours sounds like an awful long time on the train
does not have my mind was like more than me I don't know it was like
Seattle the Montana but it went really slow so it was like all day long
this was okay I have no complaints no mind wasn't mind was more than okay
because I accomplished something so it was great you were
accomplished why what I wanted to accomplish more than anything in the
world that's the best thing in the world ever for a man
yeah are you still confused I met someone yeah and we did something
wow on the train you got a train you got a lead
uh we're not late but I got off at the right stop I see okay well we got
some big news boys official now very jackass says it so it must be true
the university of Miami decided today something they should have done a hundred
years ago to leave the orange bowl and move its games in
Alphan Stadium to leave that toilet and of course
somebody alumni are gonna be oh gee the orange bowl in such a
treasure it's a it's a toilet okay it's a toilet anybody who's ever
attended any event there in especially a ballgame knows that sitting on
that cement is perfect for the people at cell
peso and prep age and crap like that
Amy saw the relocation will eliminate the last marquee
for the orange bowl could lead to the demolition of the city on stadium
long overdue a faded relic with benched-style seats in adequate
restrooms and few amenities it says here in various column
very being the master of understatement the switches tentatively scheduled to
happen in 2008 provided the school can negotiate an early end of its lease with
Miami the move was approved by the 17 person executive committee of UM's Board
of Trustees and announced that a news conference at 10 30 this morning
UM and dolphin stadium officials agreed to a 25 year lease
hyzing a holdings is assured the university that the dolphin stadium name will
be changed sometime the next few years that would likely involve selling
naming rights to a corporation because the canes they don't want to play in a
stadium called dolphin stadium right it's an ego thing
and the dolphins I want to play in a stadium called canes stadium right
right correct UM is also receiving assurance of dolphin stadium we'll
eliminate the baseball infield dirt within a few years after 2010
I'll don't worry about that the marlins will be long gone by then anyway
that would require either the marlins leaving by then their lease ends after
the 2010 season or dolphin stadium coming for the solution to eliminate the
dirt
the orange bowl was once the home of the dolphins in orange bowl classic but the
NFL team in the college classic both move north of the stadium that then
dolphins owner Joe Robbie built after years of clashes with Miami City officials
the bowl also hosted several super balls before the dolphin stadium came along
and out shown it it says and out shown it
UM which has played the orange bowl since 1937 when it opened as bird eye
and stadium I bet you didn't know that
nope bird eye and stadium now do we still have bird eye
into the all-change of name to whatever else they are now
I don't I haven't seen a bird eye in a long time or boedena says we say
what do you say boedena speaking in English
UM could play its final game there November 10th against Virginia
Miami closes the season with road games of Virginia to take Boston College
beside Virginia UM's other home game while we don't care what they are
we don't care finances have been the biggest factor in UM has moved north
UM officials have said the school would earn at least a million and a half bucks
more annually and potentially more than twice to that by moving to the
dolphin stadium Miami City manager Pete Hernandez has said the
orange bowl said would be an ideal occasion for construction of a retractable
roofball park for the marlins discussion of that possibility are expected to
get underway soon oh yeah let's build some more stadiums okay
maybe they could play baseball inside like a old Miami arena and the old white
elephant or we could build another new way to fish like you know they did
for the panthers they're going to be leaving sometime soon we love the
panthers they're really good they're the best hockey team in our hood
yeah no good boy this is it how are you pardon I said how's it going
it starts getting smart with me mr. Hodgeot although it was a great community
service I did put in your ass I don't know what that means I don't
either but it was it was good maybe my misery makes them feel better about
their own somebody QAM hello hello yes sir and you I definitely
agree with you that orange bowl is a tired old piece
mm-hmm it definitely needs to go and uh can't let's talk
okay thanks can't let us talk
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 lever rise in singular wireless line kind of week on these
phones here I'm looking you know oh yeah a couple here a couple there well what's
that all about it's about it to normal day WQA and hello mr. Rogers yes sir
good morning I've been a loyalist there's just a day to day my friend oh my god
now I've been out of town and I don't know if you ever gave your answer are you
finally going to your 50 year reunion or not I'm still thinking about it's not for
three years I got plenty time to think about oh you have plenty of time that my
suggestion go have good time and tell everybody you do a lot better than they did Neil
well I'm gonna ask you this well first of all I wouldn't want to do that it would be very
rude and obnoxious number one and number two why would I how would I have a good time
I bet you would meet all the other people from 50 years ago yeah I know that but why do I
want to see them now that they're old and daughtering like me why would I want to do that
well you used to see the naked swimming in the pool yeah I don't want to see a naked now trust
me sir I don't want to see them naked I probably don't want to see them you know see this guy
doesn't give it I will say one thing boy about Montreal and that casino I think I already alluded to
before there were some I guess college kids in there I almost like fell off my machine mind
I don't know if they spoke English though I don't know if they were by I was kind of wishing
that they were buying I'm not talking about bilingual my momia but you know I guess you
can go anywhere even in the most horrible place in the world and find some hot looking people right
I'm I'm I'm I did yeah well that was the case in Montreal that's my travel advice don't go there
unless you're a masochist unless you speak frog unless you want to be treated like garbage unless
you want to be around a really obnoxious loud pushy disgusting smelly people oh fat the French
Canadians you know nothing I want to generalize I'm sure there might be some nice ones I haven't
met in the yet they are the lowest form of some human life on the planet oh you can't say that
well I just did I've been saying that for years then of course we got the ultra orthodox Jews
look how many votes we got in the pool gentlemen six six six oh my god it's the sign of the George
it's the sign of the beast the sign of the beast all in CNN tonight starts at the three part
series be sure and miss that or they're supposedly going to expose religion oh look at that
they're protesting against boys she's in Canada now and they're protesting like crazy
but your murderer go back where you came from and stuff like that and they're doing an English
no less wdq and hello yeah frog city yes sir yes so recall you were spoke by hot because it
closed in the arms both and now I have to go to the bathroom so they're going right where I said I
moved right along I put a new type Leon helps up like 20 years ago she just died in Macchietta
we have a good I'm sorry I'm so glad you reminded me that there's some good news
we only have some that bitch that slut kill god absolutely
can't believe what I just saw that woman do reached up and grabbed my husband's joke oh my god
she's lucky I didn't jump right off the stage and then take her out with just one punch
cuz you know you shouldn't squeeze you better let them be keep your hands off the family juice
it's really kind of rude to grab his back and try to run me
no fuck you can't touch you shouldn't get enough lady would better learn the things they're all to me
you know you shouldn't squeeze
you don't touch that jump don't squeeze it don't please it and don't tease it 1131 and 560
of every qm we got 675 votes on the pool I'm going to show you man by the time we get to the
when the little handers don't show me don't show me my name as you had ballgame yesterday so that's
why you only had 777 votes you forgot about that you had a handy crappy and I'm already forgot about
that we need to forget why is that all because as soon as the 1230 hit I went out and started
breaking and smoking good well didn't the marlins win a game yesterday I believe
that's incorrect they lost 8 to 7 oh no oh what a horrible day it's going to be today
now the marlins are they it's right they play at St. Louis tonight we got the pregame show at 735
after much has said that nobody wants to hear in fact nobody wants to hear that either QA and
hello hello Neil yes sir hi do you get MSNBC up there yes we do oh there are any lead
story now and how much Canada sucks it sucks it sucks Canada was oh I'm so deeply and bitterly
offended good 5 670 560 pound 560 see I like the clever people see that the little
seller first they're running a lead story now Canada blows you know what stay where you are
stay right where you want to know why because you fit in just like that glove that old you was
trying to fit on he was trying to squeeze it back home that's where you can stick it I want to see
some action on this phone otherwise Thursday and going back to all the stories again and of course
you know what they would say don't you listen to the phone's for all those months and you're
sure everybody to come running back and calling you now fat ass I know what they're going to say
they're going to bitch no matter what you do yeah that's just my guess even if I took a poll on
that Thursday and said well you're like better the show with the calls or with the bedtime
stories it's say we hate Neil regardless okay we hate you no matter what you do
and because that's the stuff for me in a way still I've had no lady and we are gunner you can
ain't lady callers on those days when you're on yeah actually for the talking about them half the
time bad stuff mixed yeah you know it's a love hate thing mm-hmm 5 6705 like that old bag that
the nearly knocked me down a part of them wow I think that was a hate hate thing that wasn't
she hated me and I hated her who's it what that's oh I should have kicked your right in the
that's right bitch I'm serious man oh oh oh oh like like she didn't see me like I'm like I like
about crane like I'm skinny or something she didn't see my fat ass standing there they are
disgusting they're obnoxious and that's not up for debate I mean that's just a fact that's not
my opinion wqy and hello wqy and hello hi a lady you like that pretty good good this is
I'm from my chest the same way you are I'm not going back no I'm not going back enough I know
I'm ready to go back to see my relatives it's still there I don't know how they drive
and that's no every day you know I don't know how to do it do do how do you do when did you move
here for Rochester I didn't move there from Rochester I've been around you been around anyway the
party candidate you see suggest anybody to go I'm going to Canada have a nice day
see with me I never learned my lesson why did I say I wanted a lady call just on
my sister's just remind you I never learned my lesson why do I do that I air me
down with the calls maybe the same you stop smoking a little variety I guess I got
now I got to start smoking so maybe you know that might help something wow five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty see at the 12 corners okay see it rolls drugs in Rochester
maybe that's where she gets her drugs and pound five sixty in the barindes and in singular
where I was like whatever the hell it is wow I sure missed this nobody Q a m hello
yeah what an idiot she is is anywhere you can incorporate weather and traffic updates into the
show no thank you sir have a good day
nobody Q m that must have been Jim DeFetus Q a m hello hi yes sir why do I speak about
George and his actions on the radio yes actions on the radio by like not putting you on jackass
how about Chris keeps putting you back on the way notice I think he's getting paid off
as he's slipping you a few bucks under the table or what I wish five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty in the barindes in singular wireless line and you know the interesting
part of it is because I haven't taken calls I mean you know a few here in here but as far as
really doing the show this way in months how long has it been maybe a year maybe months and
months and months and months and months and months and months and a long time they're all still there
each and every one they're all still there nobody Q a m hello hello you yes sir yeah I got
question for you yeah do you shave up five areas five six seven oh five sixty
how he said do you shave I thought he said something else do I shave my private areas no I do not
I shaved my public areas like my purse on phase I thought he said for sure that's because it sound
like he had 40 pounds of motion his mouth or something like that five six seven oh five sixty
and pound five sixty on the Verizon and singular wireless lines WQA I'm shaving line hello
hey Neil how you doing okay sir how you doing are you back and Florida now no I'm not are you coming
back when I feel like it for a couple days here and there well I mean that's the most intelligent
thing you could do you know the people that what do you mean by that well because anybody would a
brain would spend you know the summer out of Florida and then come back here in the winter when
you're freezing your butt off up there I but I don't freeze my butt off see what weather isn't
everything I know that's very that that's the one case people make for Florida I would rather I
rather live at the North Pole than live in Florida I hate Florida like poison you know it's even
worse than South Florida and I mean oh well wait a minute you just got through tell me it's the
most intelligent thing I could do is come back and live there and now you're going to tell me what's
worse than South Florida and what's that central Florida yeah Orlando yeah it's horrible I don't
want to be there either you don't believe me no I'll take Miami over Orlando any day well you know
what you can have it I don't want it you can have it it's too a a smart me for me I was that
remember that song I don't want it you can have it it's too smart me for me
686 votes I think we're going to beat your 707 but we don't have any ball game today
too bad Chris isn't even offering any ideas as to how many votes we should shoot for today
I don't really care because we're we're making them transition now back to the great calls like that
the smartest thing you could do it become back to Florida I stay here and I don't want to be there
okay in fact let me say this to you sir I don't give advice to people how they should live
their lives I mean I'll give travel advice like if I go to a place and I think it's really great
I'll say hey you're really ought to check out so and so you know like Berlin or whatever but if I
go to a place in Toronto I'll say don't go to Montreal you'll hate it it's disgusting and rotesque
but I'm not going to tell you how to live your life sir the smartest thing you could do
would it be win the lottery that would be the smartest thing I could do WDQA and hello
my name is Joe last name mama WDQA and hello hello yes sir hey have you ever noticed that
Kim Bo campers voice kind of sounds like Bo Winkle yeah I mean you run the two together they sound
pretty much the same well he's going to be on with the bow bow and oh this afternoon from
him up four to seven Bo Winkle Bo Winkle and oh that's it that's easy okay see he's trying to
give me to take a gratuitous shot at Kim Bo campers which is easy to do because he deserves it
Dullard I think he used to play for the Canadians Dullard Sam LaRong as dull as they come that's
why we got him on the air baby they didn't want him across the street remember that deal with Greg
Read and Joel Feinberg and he got that message saying oh don't pay off because we don't want
yeah don't overpay him like he did with everybody else because we aren't offering him any job
over here and that's why we grabbed him up like hotcakes like he was the greatest thing since
Brent Ausberger it's just and this lineup tomorrow Kenny Ethan and OJ in the morning oh my god
like I said go out in a in a ball of flame boys
FAMING that's right in a big ball of flame Ethan Skolnick is here I guess Alex must have
or it may probably I will win bag you know the sports writers all hang around together for the
free food in the stadiums they probably passed the naked pictures around that's got to be the
only reason that they're on the air like just non-stop 18 hours a day and 19 it's just it's
incredible to me and you know what the other reason is because I keep ripping it so whatever I say
they'll do the opposite that's right that's right Neil says you must be wrong what does he know about sports
that old fairy WDQA and hello no yes sir I'm sure we'd like to give Susan Graham a group of
okay good we don't care we didn't care the first eight thousand times and we still don't care
how many QA and hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing today okay oh you ever going to come back
to doing a show full time no offense to you George love to show when you do okay all right and you
will bring you up today on what it's all about September 10 September 10 yeah we will have
been doing it for seven years now so I know you're right and I got one more question real quick
uh what the heck would think of the Doy Doy Doy why who was that where's he at man I love that
when you make fun of that guy what the heck was the day doodoy doodoy doodoy doodoy doodoy doodoy the idea
what you're talking about funny too long Q i m okay ok in bow tonight on american accounting the
firm of tunnel and sundays off against that deadline we were doing a quarterly report for a major
corporation and kind of fell behind as any so we need a recon salad counts receivable for the past
three months. Show no problem, Paul. I'm just revving up these tank statements. Then pops
out of getting involved. And that really threw everybody off.
Hey, did you finish up your const payables? No, we're going to do receivable. Why are you doing
receivables before payables? Huh? Didn't I tell you to do the payables first? I'm getting
pretty f***ing aggravated. Tempers flare as the deadline lose.
Top, I'm gonna double check the figures. You don't need to double check the figures. What if they
get on it? It's just a f***ing damn far. Don't miss this balance sheet of
battle tonight on American accountings. 14-year-old noon at 560 WQM. Happy Tuesday.
You know, Nilo, the smartest thing you could do would be.
Yeah, I love those people. One of the best. One of the best.
The best out of your life. Sure. And then the guy goes on to say,
you know what's even worse than South Florida, Central Florida. You think it sucks here?
Yeah, I know. I don't think I know it.
What's your take on bilingualism as our poll question today? 700 votes.
We're on a verge of passing George's tremendous total of yesterday.
What you had to ballgame, why don't you run it? I'm surprised it got that high, you know.
I mean, the surprise you got that high? Yeah. Where's that promo?
Better early of the day.
I'm on poor. Oh, I were with the Holy Father, the Holy Father.
Like, she's going to do an expose. I'm religion my ass, okay?
Like, this is news. Okay, this is news that the Jews in the Goyne have been killing
each other for 5,000 years and the ragheads. You know, that's what I have all those babies, you know.
When you have to have a few of them blow themselves up, you have to have a few spares left over.
Let me say it again, all you Muslim women that are wearing all that heavy-duty burger craft,
you're covering up the wrong body part. Believe me.
Get with it. Quick reproducing like rabbits.
What's your take on bilingualism? I hated 166. I'm all for it 149. I don't care, 122. It's kind of like,
you know, come see, come saw.
Come at Alevoo.
Mercy.
Travian. Travian.
Travian, Mercy.
Bonjour. I hope we can do that. I hope we can do that crap.
I like frogs do you?
I don't care, 122. I'm more for a bisexuality than bilingualism 95. I'll good for you.
I wish I was by Lingel 90 and it doesn't work 78.
See, it doesn't work. It's actually beginning the trillion votes because that's the correct answer.
I didn't vote for that, but it doesn't work.
It does not work. It just creates a lot of division and a lot of hate.
And if you don't believe me, get on the first train to go to Montreal, okay?
The first plane, the first train, the first banana boat, and you'll say, you know, Neil was right.
It's a piece of crap. W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, I want you buddy.
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen, two things, Neil. You guys, I was going to ask you about Al Pacino.
You guys have a tour of Paul on all his movies and what twins you're probably the past.
Sure you did.
You said you never did, huh?
No.
Okay, what did I saw? I actually saw a surpoca.
I haven't seen that movie.
Don't ever take you guys with anyone against the family again.
Never.
That was an awesome movie.
I don't know if you enjoyed that movie, but I guess it was good.
100 years ago, yeah.
Pretty good actor.
And the other thing I wanted to tell you was, I got invited to my 30-year reunion.
And I was like, you know what?
I'm going to go to my 30-year high school reunion.
You mean, go see people I couldn't stand 30 years ago.
I've got some money now to go see them now 30 years later.
What's your number? You didn't go?
No, I haven't got any of them then.
I've got any other one either.
That's why I have to 50 years of...
You're not Mr. Much, man.
Not Mr. Much.
Anyway, we all have a good day.
I could talk to you.
See you, pal.
Hey, Carol.
Well, there's a guy who wouldn't go to his 30th.
So why don't you say, if I go to my 50th?
Not that I had people that I hated in school.
I wasn't like that.
Hostile like him.
But I bet if I met some of them now, I might get hostile.
Like, boy, you sure look like crap.
You used to look really good back at high school.
Now you look like garbage, you know?
Like that.
See, the thing with me is I don't have to worry about that
because I never looked good.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, I understand.
I mean, most people, sometime in their lifetime,
you know, like in their teens or in their 20s or sometimes
even in their 30s, they are fairly attractive.
They have something going for them.
Sure.
Like six eyes in the middle of their forehead.
Something different, you know, something unique.
But in my case, it was always, and that's so good.
And now I see, I like totally, I've seen the pictures
of some of these people that I went to school with.
Oh my god.
Wow.
The walkers and the wheelchairs and the canes and stuff like that.
712 votes on a pool.
I think we just passed George.
Let's have a party.
I'll bring the papers.
By the way, what's the,
we had some howies this morning.
And that's it?
Yeah, that's it.
Sure, it's like when I was there, I'll tell you that.
That's a good thing I'm not there.
Yeah, it is.
Although I'm not real man, you can't eat the food.
Like I said, all the bokeh chinas wasn't as good this time.
A little bit disappointing.
And where else did we eat?
Oh, well, we're going to eat it.
Rubens, but the service was so bad that we got up and left,
which I almost never do that.
How long are you going to wait, you know,
for an omelette in the day's burger?
How long are you going to wait?
Would you wait 45 minutes?
For an omelette?
Yeah, and it's cheeseburger.
Not if I knew up front that I was going to be waiting that long.
No, no, I'm just saying it.
Yeah, you had ordered what you wanted.
Would you sit there and just be totally ignored?
Anyone in the why?
Because I think, because we spoke English.
Like that could be.
That might be it.
But if I'm going to land it would be,
a part of who I stick my foot up your ass and get out of here,
how to get out of the way I'm getting out of this place.
I hate that place.
And if I ever go there again,
I want you to personally come and put me out of my pain.
Okay, out of my misery.
Okay, so having I been through this before,
although I think the first time or two I told you how good it was
because of the food,
because of the restaurants.
And I said, well, I'm not sure I was kind of like,
you know, halfway between Canada and Europe.
It's a little European, but it blows.
It's garbage.
I was trying to talk myself into it.
How many QA and hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, you're talking about a lot of
keep running all these writers through the programs in the morning.
Maybe you can answer the question for me, sir.
I would love to hear the answer.
Because you trained us all to be program directors over the years
and program managers,
it's because they're trying to get somebody great like Dan LaBasterd
so the clients can be.
So, somebody great like Dan LaBasterd?
I'm kidding.
Yeah.
That's why they think that they're going to get somebody that's going to be
the magic boy.
And they're all boring and I hate him and I don't want to.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
The magic bullet for what?
Dan LaBasterd's got a show.
These people don't have a show.
Where they got to put him?
They got Joe Rose coming in the morning.
Where they going to put these people?
That's the whole point where I know where.
Back to them.
Century Village.
Okay, pal, I see.
I think I had the better answer.
Back to them.
But then again, don't I own.
I'm getting paid the big bucks.
750 votes on the pool on bilingualism.
It doesn't work.
Okay.
Speak of the English.
Okay.
Speak of the English.
You're in America.
You're in Canada.
The official language is English.
Speak English.
There shouldn't even be any debate.
I know I'm right about it.
I don't debate it.
No.
I just avoid it.
That's the language.
You avoid what?
People that don't speak English.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8,
I don't fucking know.
Is that funny?
It's just funny coming from you because you can accommodate me or you can't.
Yes or no?
See or no.
You don't speak Spanish properly anyway.
I do fine.
I can get my way through it but I don't walk into it.
I have the option.
I don't want to.
Right.
It's good.
I like that.
That's even every country.
You want to speak Spanish with each other.
Fine.
I'll go over here.
Where they speak English.
Right.
Right.
An association.
Go back to Domino Park and you know act like you're on a banana boat somewhere
and get out of our face.
And if you want to come in America
and be treated like an American,
speak in English.
Period.
See, I can speak Spanish.
But as you know, I have to muddle through it.
I sound like an idiot.
I feel like an idiot when I'm speaking it.
I don't think so.
Dominic Q.A.
I'm Hello.
Any.
Yes, sir.
I was at the mom's game the other day and I was surrounded by nothing but Spanish.
I swear the entire section.
I heard nothing but Spanish talking about that section.
I must be out there.
No, no, no.
You should not let me in.
You have time to go ask for a ticket in the English section.
Were you in date County?
He's he's uh right now.
So he's he's he's.
I'm sorry.
I know what it's about.
You know what he is.
He is what he is.
You know, that's where he went to a Marlin game allegedly.
He wouldn't know where to find a Marlin game.
If he gave him a compass or roadmap and 15 people for a search party,
okay, he couldn't find a Marlin game.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
Although he does have a point about that.
Because you know those Cubans, they love their baseball.
Yeah, that's what they can't tell us.
That's what they did that.
That was the proper gandal line for years and years.
That's why the Miami Amigos went over so well.
That was good.
717 if we could just teach the Spanish speaking people hockey,
then we might get some people for the hockey games.
What do you think?
No.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey everybody, how's it going?
Okay.
Yeah, does that just think the uh the language issue just it's it divides the personality,
you know?
That is correct.
Yeah, that's basically the only problem.
Uh but it doesn't that and I think it's just good to know what both languages.
Oh, and it's good to know as many languages as possible.
I wish I knew about three or four languages.
No question.
Yeah, and I listen as far as George, uh he needs to know a little bit more about terminology
of skating uh their called speeds.
All right.
What are called speeds?
I have no idea.
He just has to know I got a roller skating suit.
That's right.
Maybe then he wouldn't have.
Sir, I'll meet you on the floor and I'll beat your ass with skill and fists.
Whatever.
All right.
Let's see.
Let's see who knows more about skating.
Yeah.
See, friends.
How do you like that, sir?
With my corn hand.
Yeah.
Yeah, what do you say?
If you ask down and roll over your face, my friend.
You better hear your terminology.
Because you sure as hell.
What?
Never heard that term in my life.
What's called speeds?
Well, he hung up before he fell.
I know.
Hit and run sued.
I'll hit him right in.
I've written 17 votes on our war running poll.
What's your take on bilingualism?
Back on the day we'd have 7,000 votes on this.
Back in the days.
That was before everybody gave up.
This is Brady Quinn.
Whenever I shave my ball,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
I'm going to go to the North.
I'm going to go to the North.
I'm going to go to the North.
I'm going to go to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North.
I'm going to the North now.
I didn't hear it.
Now that was a good call, a guy asked who's the guy that used to say that was a good
hello I had no idea what he's talking about.
Probably two at five sixty at W.
Two A.M.
With all the fake stuff rejoins and all the fault of all.
It's the one good thing when I'm playing those minute rejoins.
Good thing he warned me about that.
Ain't no problem.
What are you laughing about?
Oh come on now.
That's four minutes less than hour you'd have to talk if we were doing that.
Like I said, let's play a ball now.
One after another side by each.
And I see you make it sound like I'm trying to like you know, fake my way through.
No no no.
I'm being sarcastic.
No you're just being honest.
Hey listen, it's so much easier.
I mean I did not have all these bedtime stories so much easier just to see her and take
calls and question her again.
And you can imagine having the format of the like the old first team where they had three
nine minute breaks, twenty seven minutes.
You don't have to talk for thirty three minutes now.
Yeah.
Well what do we start that tomorrow?
Five six seven oh five sixty the calls are pretty weak.
I mean actually the quality has been I can't think of any good ones so far.
They're all right.
And pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line other than the guy who asked
about about that.
He was good.
Dominic Huey and hello.
Yeah.
I don't know if it's going to make it happier or not, but about two weeks ago had a radio
accident.
Someone the cop did all your Larry King drops and sent them off to the opposing radio station
here in the market and they were playing him on the air.
Really?
Yeah.
Everyone of them.
What opposing radio station?
Uh huh.
That would be the local talk station.
Are you talking about Randy?
No, no, no, Stephanie Miller show.
Well, she got him from Randy.
Well she said on the year that somebody Miami sent him to her, so I don't know if
you have a, is there possibly a mole in the building?
Let me ask you this.
Let me answer this one.
Why would I care about that?
I just thought it was amusing that some of the stuff that you can't play anymore including
fart sounds are played over there as well.
Yeah.
Well, am I supposed to be upset about that?
No, no, no, no, I just, you know, imitation or in this case.
Let me tell you one thing about Larry King.
I know how to do a talk show.
Yeah.
See you, pal.
Thank you.
I guess I'm supposed to get upset about that.
Now he was, he was hard-gum.
But huh?
I was Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Stephanie Miller.
Well, what time is she on?
Do we have any idea?
Yeah.
I'll go ask somebody that listens to that.
If I knew when.
738 votes on the poll.
We got to shot at 900.
That's what I'm thinking.
OK.
What do you think?
900,000?
That was great to me.
On the 21st of August, that would be pretty damn good.
Especially when Eric screwing up our website that nobody wants to look at it because he hasn't
been put the damn bedtime stories on there.
And we got at least one.
30, 40 people who read those damn things.
We got a few hundred.
In fact, there's 68 people read that Bill O'Reilly's story about whatever it is.
What is it?
I forget.
Go read it.
Go read it.
Oh, man, read it to me.
This is this is this is this grace.
And the poor George court is he got gets caught in the middle of it.
He's got all these excuses.
But I have here at T1 time next time he goes to Vegas or next time is Russian girlfriend
once you know, some nice bubble or something like that.
Oh, Neil, you got to send me a check.
You got to send me to well, put some stories on there.
OK, hot shot.
What what did you say?
Schmidt.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, good morning.
How you doing?
OK, so good afternoon.
Good.
Hey, I just got back to Canada.
Out in the Amphabana.
Yeah.
Three weeks ago, the people were great.
The food was good.
The countryside was beautiful.
I got an envelope.
This is the Alps, right there.
I bet you they all spoke English.
They actually did all speak English.
I get an envelope in the mail, mind you, this is three weeks later.
With a photograph of me and my vehicle from the department of whatever.
And I've got to pay $189 ticket for speeding that caught me on a camera with an automatic speed
sensing device.
Good for them.
Oh, it's not becoming me.
Good for them.
Slow down, pal.
You don't do it again.
Don't come to Canada and drive like some kind of a maniac, OK, sir.
But have a nice day.
Look at that phone, man.
See, if we had a lot of calls, that's the way the show will work.
If we're going to be doing this all the time.
If we're not going to, then I'm not going to do it.
741 votes on the floor.
We're going to make 900 in the day.
I'm pretty proud of that.
And Chris, he answers and when he feels like it, basically, he's probably eating more highways now.
Yes, exactly what I do.
What was that?
What was line six there?
Someone that had a fake voice?
How do you know it was a fake voice?
Because he was learning.
How do you know it was a fake voice, Chris?
Yeah, exactly.
WDQA and hello.
Now, that was a real voice.
Not a good one, but a real one.
5670560, very, very weak on a calls board.
This is really disappointing.
I thought when I decided, I don't know when I decided to do this.
I guess yesterday afternoon, I'm sitting there on the train.
And I'm thinking of myself, different things.
And this was one of them.
I thought, you know, nobody wants to look.
If people care about all these stories, we'd have thousands of people reading the bedtime stories on our website.
Am I right about that?
Yes, I am.
And did they do it?
No, they do not.
You want to know why?
Because nobody cares.
What does it have to do with Lindsay Lohan?
Right.
What does it have to do with American Freakin Idol?
That's certainly what does it have to do about Michael Vic?
That's basically what they're talking to.
They were Michael Vic.
I don't give a flying crap about Michael Vic.
I don't give a crap about any of that garbage.
How about the referee that was fixing all in games?
Then we find out that Mob had something to do with that.
You might almost think that where there's gambling, the Mob's got their finger in there.
You might almost think that if you were like a skeptic.
If you had a brain.
Give me the money.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
What have I told you about gambling?
Okay, just like the stock market.
How's the market doing today?
Let me take a puket that the CNBC.
If you must.
With their power lunch.
Oh, look at that.
Instead of keeping the thing going on the bottom like they always did.
Now they got a banner on the top.
The Dow is up 32 points and that is that's up 11 and a half.
Aren't you impressed?
No.
And the standard and poor is at 5.93.
Underline the poor part.
As in the suckers born every minute.
Well, it's the old economy against the new economy.
These are the same people that sold you that crap all that tech garbage.
The dot com all that bubble garbage.
Everybody lost their damn money.
You'd have been better off to go out and buy bubble gum.
At least you'd have something to chew on anyhow.
And to give me that those people ought to be impressed.
Yeah, they should.
And they take that creamer guy.
What's that guy's name?
Jim Kramer.
And then he's got a regular show under.
He's a crazy person.
He was peddling crap that he had a vested interest in, admitted to it.
So they suspended him for like five minutes.
And then they gave him his own show because he's a clown.
He's a performer.
He's a comedian.
Like there's something funny about losing all your money.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hi, you're family.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Now?
Yes, sir.
You always keep us informed on that casino that's happening here in Broward.
I haven't heard you say anything lately.
Well, I listen to you for a while.
Well, I keep you informed on what does that mean?
There's always something about what's going on and what's not going on and what they're trying to do.
Last I heard, today was the last day.
And that the seminoles mostly get regular casino gambling.
And what made me today was the last day for what?
They gave them like 60 days to make a deal with the state or something else.
I don't know.
I let's lie to you because you always know the right way to say things.
Yeah, well, I'll try to figure out the right way to say it.
Uh-huh.
Oh.
I know the right way to say things like I don't know what he's talking about.
They gave him 60 days to do what?
Squatter it off the pot.
I have no idea.
All I know is like I've told him before.
Other places they know how to do things they do them right.
And they bring in tons of money from it.
And people benefit from it.
And the education system benefits.
And the tax fairs benefit.
Not in Florida, baby.
There is the right way, the wrong way, and the Florida FN way.
And the Florida FN way is always the wrong way.
It's like QAAM.
It's the same thing like the Joe Bell and Clarence Dero and the Joyce Fitchway.
It's always the wrong way.
I wouldn't be surprised if in the next two weeks if Joe decides, you know,
I'm not so sure, Joe Rose.
Maybe I'm not going to come back over that place.
No dough at Joe, we need you.
Even if we're no other reason than to get that awful morning show off the year, you know,
the one we've got now.
The Kenny and Bo and Ethan and OJ and anybody else we can find in the building.
And Alex Marvachio.
Oh, Alex, you're so great, Alex.
Please come back and join us again tomorrow, Alex.
Oh, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, pooh.
Well, what is wrong with that guy?
Is there something wrong with him or what's the deal with him?
Kenny.
I'm sorry, I don't understand the question.
I mean, what is that all about?
Is it just an act? Is it really that bizarre?
I don't think I've heard it.
I don't think I've heard it.
No, that's because you know, listen to it.
Have you ever heard one minute of that show?
Have you ever heard any of it?
Like in a row, like solid?
No.
No.
See what I mean?
And that's because you're Mr. Anti-Sports.
There's the old anti-freeze, and there's anti-neil, and then his anti-sports nets you.
It's how good it is.
No wonder they hate you on this station manual.
I know.
I don't wonder.
There's no wonder at all.
They hate you.
You know, it's because you watch my play game.
Sorry, no interest.
And I certainly don't want to hear people talking about it.
What's wrong with playing games with men?
Nope.
I could be wrong with doing it.
But I think I saw it on the sports last night that Brady Quinn made his debut with a Browns.
He didn't start, but he came in and he played damn well.
Yeah, sure.
If you want to talk about coming in with 9 minutes left in the fourth quarter against fourth and fifth stringers,
that will never play in the actual NFL.
Yeah, sure.
That was great.
What are you doing?
Are you showing for the organization again?
No, I just...
I think they won two exhibition games.
A fluke.
I don't care about the exhibition season.
I hate bringing in anybody else.
Neither does anybody else very well said.
Believe it's a Chris man.
He's got his finger right in it.
Watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch
watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch
watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% don't hear them, guys we're both gonna live up people constatics right now let's go to the best out right now go to the best out of our house. for the last concert groupives test,orus and air ticketsin chest evolving, shipped. U got doing. , washed up some cards won and now see out g. upload music heading fever a beat Bertael. , use them sam here se usiter speed art magic,
Yo Jordan what's up?
Jay Wilkin played well cause he hates me and why?
He hates that man white boy
Magic Johnson got the AIDS
You wanna know why?
Oh why is that?
He banged the white
He banged the white
I can't sing this song right?
Cause I'm too wide
He way too wide man
I don't get the death comedy jam
Cause I'm too wide
I don't get their jokes
I can't get their girlies cause I don't like a fruit fly
He way too wide
I hate being white
I hate being white
But I don't know
From I teed at 560 WDQ I am
Got that story on the Seminole's and the gambling and all that stuff
It's coming off the press right now aren't you excited?
Well it's better than taking any more calls because we don't have it
I'm serious I thought this might work today
You know I thought it would be an experiment and uh uh why?
Cause I'm stupid
Oh it didn't do in the long time I'm stupid I never heard my lesson
The federal deadline for Florida to reach a gambling compact with a Seminole tribal
Come and go today without a deal says the hero
No deal
But the governor's office, both the governor's office and the Seminole state are making progress on talks
I'm whether to allow the track
Higher stakes games on their Seminole's reservations
But it's too early to say that their final deal is close
One thing is clear
The 60 day deadline imposed by US Department of Interior Dick Kempthor on June 22nd is more of a target than a drafted date
George Skibine, director of the federal office of Indian Gaming, the US Interior Department said
Monday he expects a progress report but could be two weeks before the meeting takes place
Under the terms of the letter we sent them they have to report to the department on the progress they're making
He said when the process is scheduling a meeting with representatives of the tribal and the state right now
They're going to schedule a meeting they're having a meeting to decide when they're going to have a meeting
Sources close to the talks say the negotiators for governor Charlie Chris
They want to give the Tri-Vegas downslot machines and the exclusive arts in class 3 games like Black, Jad and Backer Rob
But several issues are made unsolved
And then it's got a whole list of them I'm going to read the whole thing it's too long and progress
So they're still there they're still talking
Okay.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
See this guy, I thought the deadline was for like the, uh, Howard for the other casinos,
which it has nothing to do with the other casinos, because he was confused.
He was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Because I wasn't here to tell him, uh, give me the answers.
He was looking for it.
753 votes.
It wouldn't surprise me at all if we, uh, fall short of our 900 today.
And the phone?
That is a doormale.
Listen.
I mean, what does that have to do with Michael Vic about these seminars and the gambling
thing, right?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
People obsessed with jocks.
That's where it really bugs me.
I mean, I love my football.
Don't give me wrong.
I love my Patriots.
I love the NFL on Sunday.
I got the NFL package.
I love my hockey.
I love my make-believes.
In fact, let's put some ref hockey on right now.
It wouldn't surprise me.
See, all ban.
There's a frog name, no less.
Right off the bat, we get a frog name.
Like as far as people are like obsessed with this stuff and like live it and breathe it
and eat it and that's all they know from.
I can't deal with those people.
And you know why?
Why?
Because it been almost 10 years on this radio station surrounded by it.
And like it is these like leprosy.
Leprosy.
And the phones are ringing off the hook.
Is the fat ass Chris answering?
No.
As he putting them on hold.
Is he screening the calls?
Is he doing his job?
No.
Is there a put in the damn stories on there?
No.
Everybody's on Vakasi-on, baby.
It's permanent vacation time at QAN.
And we're the house clearance and middleist.
I'll tell you where clearance is.
He's busy making the schedule of 50 times.
Takes a team of 75 rocket scientists just to make the schedule out.
And then when you look at it you like like that.
I mean this is just your idea of a program schedule for a major market radio station.
Ethan Skolnik and Manasha Skolnik and Alex Marvez and people that nobody in the world
would put on the air if they were paid a billion dollars.
That's our idea of programming on QAN.
That's clearance zero for you.
And where's Hank all this week?
Hank's on vacation.
Mad Dog is he on today?
No.
There's one thing I can't stand is people who don't show up and work every single day.
You know what?
I can't stand that.
Ethan Slackers.
WDQYM, hello.
Slacker, Slacker, Slacker.
That's it.
What's up Neil?
How you doing sir?
Pretty good, pretty good.
I got a question for you.
I'm a big serious fan.
I don't get to listen to you like I used to.
But would you ever think it's a bit serious if they made you an offer?
Well, it's like saying if somebody brought you a check for a million dollars and I would you cash?
You worked more than that.
No, but I'm just saying.
What's the point of discussing it?
They're not making me any offer.
Never.
They've never spoke to you at all.
I didn't say that.
They spoke to my first-price agent, Norma Kent.
They didn't put any money on the table.
I was curious.
I think you made a nice addition to it.
I'd make a great addition but they don't want to pay any money.
Listen.
That's Howard Brue.
Howard, I'm going to be for a Howard.
Don't you understand?
You know, up to getting ready to come up with contracts, you're going to fight two to now with him to get his money.
If you know, you don't want more.
Who is?
But we love a bunch of contracts but I've got the only head like I want or two of your contracts.
Yeah.
Well, what they've done is they've taken all the people that have blown off of the traditional radio and they bought them on their own and paid them nothing.
So Howard can take all the money.
You know, I'll ask them.
They seem to be pretty cheap in the last two days hours, sir.
That is pretty good.
Nice to hear you now and they'll have a good day.
So when you're making that kind of money, wouldn't you think you get a nose job at least for Christ's sake?
Right?
Yeah.
Get a nose job, baby.
Christ almighty.
How many millions does that man need?
How many million?
I don't begrudge you many things.
You know, I'm all for the talent.
But how much does he need?
And I see, I'm a Mrs. maybe coming back on WABC.
Did you see that?
No.
Inter all these articles on the web about, well, Al Sharpton said that who cares about Al Freken Sharpton, okay?
I'm so sick and tired of these professional Ojiyap provocateurs that run around stirring up crap.
Try to get people fired just like Keith Overman.
A man I had so much respect for and then I found out he's just another professional.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Just lift this there, but that's all running around trying to stab people in the back getting fired.
Congratulations, Keith.
You didn't get John Kerry elected last time but you sure got the Don I'm As fired.
Nice going.
Not that I'm any I'm a spam but you know, like I said, I put it, he put it in 150 years for quite a lot.
Snapping that gun and wearing them big Texas cowboy hats.
Looking almost alive on MSNBC, I underline the I'm almost part.
WQA and hello.
WI-9 is the best QA and hello.
I got Bill.
Yeah.
Yeah, I fired up.
I had to ask him a question to that ticket and it's funny how they don't have the dolphins that are the only boon is rippled.
You know, like, uh, wham wham wham.
Yeah.
In closing, this is going to be on the ticket.
Oh.
Yeah, that's right.
Now that they lost it offing games after they butcher the broadcast for two years, now all of a sudden it's like, oh well they suck anyway.
We hate you and Jason Taylor wouldn't do the show on our station and everybody over there hates us.
Yeah, that's right.
Joel, everybody hates you.
We'll suck it in and hold it.
Welcome back to the West Minster Kennel Club dog show.
I'm Kenneth Fields, along with my new co-host NFL quarterback, Michael Zick.
There would have been people number seven in the house.
Entering the arena now is the ever popular toy class.
First up is the Maltese.
How adorable.
Michael.
What the hell is that?
Do that dog have a bow up on his head?
Damn.
Indeed.
Uh, prediction?
Up in a dead dog going to his ass kit.
Uh, interesting.
Next is the toy poodle.
Us, punky and full of life.
Yeah, it might be full of life right now, but after one of my dogs get hold of it, it's going to go from a poodle to a pile of shit too.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, up top.
Yeah, let's move on, shall we?
Hell yeah, let's do this.
I got five hundy on the Toa poodle.
Now you're mottin' down Kenneth.
Uh, we must take a quick break.
We'll be back after these messages.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
No evidence that way.
You my boy, Kay.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, hell yeah, up top.
Oh, take a look at that.
The shuttle endeavour is going to land momentarily in silence, covering a live distance in case it crashes.
That's the only reason, because nobody else will care, right?
Right.
Here it comes.
Looks like a big old plane in me.
A bit of a zoom on.
Oh, the landing gear is down in lock.
Yeah, it plays that game.
Here it comes.
Look out for the zombies.
Big old shuttle.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
It opens down now.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
It's our Kay, no crash.
Whoo!
Well a lot of pressure on those, you know.
Do you think it must be that's why the word diapers. Oh look at that and there's that thing
The parachute there's that parachute
769 votes on the pool what's your take on bilingualism very lukewarm response which means everybody's out of town
Because certainly let's get everybody crazy
It's what everybody's talking about at the water cooler especially the women. That's why we have no women colors
We said the fact that we have no women listeners on QA because it's
Sports radio and that's forks entertainment now something that anybody would want to listen to except Jackson of hers
By the way, I just read about Brady Quinn online during the break there and it said that he's still gonna be third string for the bros
Be the phenomenal job. He played with poise and with confidence any kick dance. Yes, what it said Chris
I think it's all I want. I know his first pass was 30 yards. It was actually about
Five feet in the running back around the 30 yards, but hey
And they have two touchdowns. Yeah, there was lost hand of the dolphins scored two touchdowns, huh last year. Yeah
I mean look at the offense that they're putting up. I know they won the two games man
Just two horrible games
You could have you could have thrown a touchdown against the people he did it against
Don't you know that Jews don't handle pig skin and you still could have done it just look at your baby for skin
What's your take on bilingualism?
771 votes. We're gonna make that 900 by hooker by crooks 772. You see that. There's another one
I hated 184. I'm all 4161. I don't care one 31
I mean the results of this fall are like you know come seek them. So like I said I'm more for bisexuality
109 103 I wish I was by
Lingle 101 and it doesn't work 92 which is the right answer in its the last place figures
5 6 7 0 5 6 you know the interesting thing now that we're taking causing that old that old cracker rash
They called before asking me about the
Seminole's and the game we're gonna be
Even I mean this was supposed to be revolutionary. They finally passed it and they argued back and forth and fat ass governor
Jeb they did everything to slow it down and kill it and the legislature too, but they finally got a goal and I
Hear nothing about it. I hear they got two beautiful restaurants in Pombo Park
And of course I hear nothing about that because you know once they got the
Star machines in like the racing all what racing is that?
What's that all about a that's what Walla Hennessey says what's that about a?
Don't you find it rather bizarre of course it's like us with losing all the money on the
On the
Marlins you know the same thing with them well, you know the state takes all of the money
We have nothing left. We have no promotional budget so we can't afford to advertise
So we can't promote it so it's like a self-fulfilling a failure
Yeah, WQA and hello
QO yes sir
real yeah
Good afternoon. Good afternoon sir. I thought it was pretty interesting when Carl
over retired there at UC one of our favorite phrases. I'm gonna spend more time with my family
I remember when we had the sports guys and they said that it was a
indication that they've been thrown out
I just read a book called The Prince of Darkness by Robert Novak
Yeah, pretty interesting stuff of the Evans and Novak by that Nazi Robert Novak
Yeah, one that out of Valorate claiming out of the infideral prison now on death row that one yes
I'm glad you wasted your eyesight and time reading it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've raised in singular wireless line Chris is screaming the calls now
It'd be really nice to him. Okay. He's under a lot of stress
Because when he came into work this morning little thing you know we'd be doing calls again on the show did you?
He had no idea did you yeah? No?
Like Monday Wednesday and Friday. It's not bad enough. He's got to put up with the colors on those three days when George is on
Because George doesn't want to read bedtime stories because he says he reads very poorly unless you're an esponial
Yeah, then I kick ass. Yeah, my old WQA am hello
Hello. Yes, sir
You know
Native South word in 20 year-lipses
Been to Gulfstream zero three times from the slot and the poker and I think I might have to become a degenerate gambler
And how is it over there? It's a blast the poker is crazy
The slot in and out you know good days that day looks like you said I'm not talking about how are you doing?
I mean obviously if you're playing the slots like me you're losing most of the time
You know
Yeah, is there anybody there? Is there anybody there? Oh, yeah
Definitely beautiful coffee room
Really trying okay plunger guts out paling
567 that's what I like to hear is some more spy reports on poppano and about Gulfstream and Marty Gron, LaDod, and stuff like that
But today it isn't gonna happen because whatever I say and we want to talk about they want to talk about Michael Vick
779 on the pole and about Brady Quinn and effect that he's a third stringer and he no good and isn't a good that often
Didn't draft him and yada yada yada yada blah blah blah blah and then when the dolphins go like seven and nine
What are they gonna be saying then huh? Oh?
I will tell you one thing
Okay, well no you don't care because you don't care about football and Chris don't care because he's not the homo like me
But Trent Green for guy 37 years old. He still looks good
I saw the ass end of that game
Which game was it whatever game was and he still looks good, but when he was the younger man. He was his hot
He made Brady Quinn look like a bottom of your shoe
That's how good he looked Trent Green
Just remember it's not important that you play good. It's important that you look good
WQA and hello
Neil yes sir we just came from poppano park we went to
Myrins deli is a terrific Hamish deli. It's in the casino building
You know, there's two buildings as a racing building and casino building right the slots were busy as hell
But a few weeks ago we went over to the
Gulfstream and they have a Friday night seafood buffet, which is absolutely mediocre
I don't know how the rest is but the plots were fair
So that gives you a quick a quick spy report on those two places. Well, what do you mean by the slots?
Were fear they were pan? Uh, no, no, no
Fair in terms of not a hell of a lot of people there and it was a Friday night
And then we were at we went to the one at the door at the
At the party grog at the dog track and that was that was busy
The food was it they were very busy there
So I don't know how they were paying because I'm not a big player, but it was it was a funny evening
Everybody's having a good time and that of course like you've said is for god's sake the stupidity of fighting against having
Casinos is what killed us down and you're looking and I've been thank you can largely thank we said the politicians
You two major newspapers they're holding a son central. Oh, it's gonna bring in the maaa
It's gonna be the end of the world everybody's gonna go play a rap. Yeah, let me tell you something
What I've told my students for years and we live here now for 61 years. Yes, let me tell you that it's it's very simple
If you were the epicenter of the power structure you wouldn't want to be moved out of the epicenter either
And that's all these papers are worried about is being moved out of the epicenter of the power structure
Yes, we have casino's there would be a new
Power structure and these people can't bear it and when you think of it you think of that little slime ball Tony
Ritter who came in and told us oh we should have this wonderful
Performing art center down down to be great and as soon as they voted to have it this guy moves out to San Jose, California
That's what this town is all about
Well, as I say in China sir hubbub and Rude hubbub and Jair as I designed to be well and all good things and happy
As some of us throw us here. Thank you, you too
788 votes will air that was good. See I told you it's great taking a cause again. What's wrong with you George? You're so negative. Yeah, I know
That's because I live here
It must be a Cuban thing. Thank you, but I said wow
Don't give me wrong man. I love the good people. You know, I mean by the good people. Yes, I do. I like the
You do
Subscribe
Where the living used to be.
I'm dying out of here.
I want to eat as much as I feel.
I want to live where even you all can't have fun
Like my writing from me.
On those golden rays, I want to die.
I want to live where I am.
I want to live where I am.
I want to die where I am.
I want to spend my life loving you.
Live right for a part with a good thought too.
And with its talent, it has something ready.
I want to go home where the living used to be.
I want to die where I am.
I want to die where I am.
I want to die where I am.
sixty-five a.m. so they just had on CNN briefly for the eight hundred
times this morning Arthur blank you know who that is no what you sure
wouldn't in either with the Chris he's the owner of the land of Falcons football
ten and ex-owner of home depot and co-founder of home depot in nineteen seventy
nine with Sam with uh... Bernie Marcus nineteen seventy eight
Arthur blank you know what kind of a looking at his face like to wish
uh...
and the worst part of the whole deal is
he's recently come out in support of republican candidate mid-Romney
well you know he's got the big box american businessman co-founder of home depot
uh... self-hating you let's put it that way
eight hundred one votes on the poll about
my own rule is a great
i think we uh... made a comeback today of sorts i mean one day you know
role wasn't built in a day right
that's what they said
somebody
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty in the horizon singular wireless
lines
we're talking about uh... michael hick and the gambler in the casinos
oh casinos we sure don't want to have casinos in florida wonder what your
buddy uh... stamp a casino stand is thinking
nothing we want to find out we don't want to get any more mail from him and we
certainly don't want to call but i wonder what he's thinking
don't you wonder no ever
remember
damage trying to make him
you
democratically
currently
connect
let
any mess
yes sir
thinks i'll plaid about the people beingum won florida i actually
can't cross a book that I don't know if anybody has known about this is a
Barnes and Noble was actually written by a guy in thought Florida about a
military scandal that really just goes to prove why people are just so stupid
to trust their government this thing dates back to World War II the name of the
book I don't know if you're familiar with it was called the 95th no it deals with
this gamble in World War II which was a cover-up by Harry Truman that
lasted until 1996 where 7000 military guys were affected and the
halve of these men went through they were denied their pensions of benefits
they actually ceased to exist on the face of the planet was written by a
guy named I think Richard Goldman and he's been with the show you sent us
two books two of those and when you when you see this and you see that the
government just continues and the people in place are facing the government
it just 60 years ago it was almost like reading the stories of today and I'm
just appalled at how even in World War II the government tried to screw their
own people you have anybody with Anna Kulcer and with Lindsay Lohan well let me
tell you for somebody out there that may have a little bit of intelligence
which is about plus and south Florida if we can find any way for them to read
and to learn and then the book again is called the 95th baby I got an
emergency no ball and the people actually want to learn something boy this will
be something for them to learn what a miracle that would be here okay thanks
pali okay so we got the book I worked your golden's a listener of the show
and he sent us two copies of the book and you never sent me one well why not I
well when we got the nice and hey do you want me to send you this copy of the
95th by Richard Goldman you said I mean tell me what it was about you and say I
got this great book here that I know it is great we get books every day here
you get books every day almost I got a good idea don't throw them out because if
things get really bad we can open up a bookstore or you could just read them on
the air board or I can read the books on here sounds like a good plan now we're
reading these stupid ass news stories 800 three votes on the pool baby we got a
shot of that 900 by a two o'clock pretty pretty sad when we have to cut down
at 900 when you say we phone on difficult times here at QA but then again take a
look at that lineup today and that should tell you all you need to know although
Chris is Evan Cohen is doing a fabulous job is that what you said correct nice
going Evan good Jewish boy that's what we like all Jew radio 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular world so we do have a lot of Jews
on here don't we and that would the man that's always used to say Jews and
Jocks yes Jews and Jocks let's see we got Ethan Skolik we got Hank me and
K well the Jews we got on here I think all the writers aren't I don't know how
do they all smart vets is Jewish I don't know how smart vets is how many of them I could name
Dave Hyde is Jewish and then WQA and hello Neil yes sir how are you good
Neil for that religion for that political party but
Mitt Romney what do you think about him and the reason I'm asking is if you look at
his career I mean this guy has you know financial turn around especially what
our president has done you know right now in our economy he's a $27
bill sir that's what I think a Mitt Romney he sucks what's that let me let me hang up
and listen to you okay hang up please 5 6 7 0 5 6 yeah I get the answer on the phone
which I guess maybe he wasn't listening maybe he maybe his phone is only like a
one way instrument you know it's only outgoing you know I didn't come a lot of
people are like that you know they're like outgoing people not outgoing in terms
of the personality is that they speak and they don't listen right 6 7 0 5 6
feet pound 5 60 very spastic on the phone very disappointing I bring him back
to calls today permanent this isn't just like a one-day thing for me man no more
sitting here reading on here and you know something I all the while I was doing
that I was thinking well you know there's anybody else in in radio who does
this and you want to know why because it is making sense right ponderous if
people wanted to read the stuff they go online they read it themselves we put
it we we take almost all of these stories every day here we put them on our
website there for free on the O'Rourke's dot com and how many people read them
about 30 man not not that few but pretty damn slimmies slimmie none close to it
and my phone is ringing again I do you think it could be something mighty
important or what no whistle of tune
lights cord
I don't feel like I'm talking.
Okay, it's enough.
899 votes on the pool.
We're doing okay.
And the phone, like I said, a little spastic.
These people better get rid of it.
We've had some great calls today.
Two or three.
Are you going to send me that book or what?
Yeah, it's yours.
WDQI and hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A little radio action yesterday and you've been away.
So I just realized this had happened.
Goldie went across the street.
Yeah.
I had no idea.
I was looking at the house and there he was.
And I went to turn the dial.
I normally do whenever I hear him.
And I said, my goodness, it's not a wedding.
It's transpire.
Yeah.
Well, that's because we don't have the Panthers anymore.
They're going to have the Panthers.
And so he goes where the Panthers go.
I didn't even know you didn't have the Panthers anymore.
Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Okay.
We love the Panthers when they're across the street.
But we don't want no part of that.
Nobody cares about it in South Florida.
It's a team that has no reason to exist.
It's a franchise that had that one big year.
And they're still living off of that year.
The year of the rat.
They're still living off of that.
You could take the real hockey fans in South Florida,
put them in a broom closet and have room for the Chinese Army left over.
It just doesn't make any sense.
You know, a lot of things don't make sense.
And one thing about life, okay, don't try to make sense out of life.
You got all the geckys, the religious nuts.
8-11 on that pool.
We're going to make 900 criss what do you say?
Now we're going to bust.
900 or I'm not coming back tomorrow.
I'll tell you that.
Nothing I want to threaten.
It's Scott Barrell.
You win them up in Boca Tiga slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neil Rogers 1-2.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced 1-2 hours.
It's the game where ordinary Jones take out top notch interior designers.
Chef Foxworthy hosts.
Are you gay or that a decorator?
Our first contestant is Ralph, a construction worker from the Bronx.
And he's up against decorator Philippe LaFlam.
Let's find out if he's gayer than a decorator.
Here's your question.
How would you arrange furniture for a night of entertaining?
I don't know.
Make sure everybody can see the TV.
Oh my god.
No, no, no.
You must arrange them in a cozy conversation pit.
Oh, sorry Ralph.
You're not gayer than a decorator.
Next is a bull rider from Budemontana.
Welcome Rusty Rowland.
Okay, Rusty, what is the perfect wall hanging for a sports-themed TV room?
A capacio ballet dance and poster.
Philippe?
Wow.
I would have fed a picture of Peyton Medding.
Congratulations, Rusty.
You are indeed gayer than a decorator.
Don't miss.
Are you gayer than a decorator?
Tonight on Fox.
You're all going to ask me a question about window treatments.
101 and 560, everybody.
I'm going to show you some of the worst news in the history of the human race.
Okay.
Now, you just said this to me, Chris?
Correct.
Oh, good.
God.
On the other place, it's pretty out.
The good news is that nobody is going to care in South Florida.
Nobody is going to care.
So why are you going to bother us with it?
Well, because it's typical of what I call a jack opera scene,
how they've destroyed Broadcasting.
Typical of what Howard Coastell called the jack opera scene.
I ripped that off.
Sorry, Howard, but he's dead.
Sweet doesn't care.
Bill Lindsay, one of the memorable players from the Panthers 1995-96,
Stanley Cup finals team will be the team's new radio analyst.
Lindsay, who played six seasons with the Panthers,
will join former Panthers' defenseman and teammate,
Randy Reddier-Morower as the broadcast team on 790,
the ticket, an official announcement that's expected early tomorrow.
This is shocking.
Reddier-Morower is going to do the play-by-play on the radio?
Oh, my God.
That would be like Jimmy Sifle is doing the dolphin game play-by-play.
It's great to be part of an organization again that I'm very fond of
and have a lot of respect for Sid Lindsay, but I'll be put a boot put about.
And the best part for me is I get to stay in the game a little bit.
Morower, Reddier-Morower, who's been the Panthers radio analyst
the past 10 seasons, will be the play-by-play announcement
and now that Steve Geldie-Geldstein has switched from a do to TV
to replace Dave Strader, who took a jab with the Phoenix Coyotes.
Wow.
Randy Reddier-Morower is going to be doing play-by-play.
See, there's no respect anymore for the art of broadcasting sports.
There's no respect for it.
If you want to score a jockstrap, then all of a sudden,
poof, you're a broadcaster.
You know what I mean?
Wait a minute.
Sid.
Well, there he is. What's his name?
Rob Marciano, there on CNN in Mexico.
Looks like he's getting blown away.
817 votes on our award-winning pool there by bilingualism.
It is really...
Increable.
Well, I'm glad that nobody really cares about it that much anymore.
I guess people are just, you know, you just come to accept it or you move out.
You move on.
Right. What are the two?
I've moved out.
I live in a place where people speak English.
The most multicultural city in the world.
And everybody speaks English.
And if they don't, it's true.
I'm Cobb and Drared.
WDQA Am Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes. Good to hear you again.
I don't get to hear you because I worked during the day.
You know, can't get A.
Good to hear enough Jews on the radio.
Did you guys put about doing a podcast?
Hello?
56670560.
He didn't really see it.
He didn't see it.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
Did he see that?
Let me check this.
Look at that phone.
Look at that phone.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
He didn't hear enough Jews on the radio.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
I wanted to order the most expensive meals on the menu and wait about 25 minutes before I walked out.
Oh, okay. Thanks for reminding me.
I'm going to go to the next room.
I'm going to go to the next room.
I'm going to go to the next room.
I'm going to go to the next room.
I'm going to go to the next room.
I'm going to go to the next room.
I'm going to go to the next room.
I'm going to go to the next room.
185 60 over to QAM.
829 votes on that award-winning pool.
You notice that rejoin of Ken just did there for us?
Yes.
I mean, with all the respect my close personal friend Ken Maldon, I mean, just doesn't it?
Does it like a slack on the face?
In other words, we ought to be talking about this now.
We're a sports station and if you can just bear with us for 42 minutes, that's all we're going to talk about all day.
is that the canes are moving out of the orange bull into the dolphin stadium, which
was a foreground conclusion anyway. Wasn't it, Chris?
Yeah, pretty much.
For a long time now.
It's like a 9-11.
Commercial airliners are being hijacked and flown to the World Trade Center, and we're
talking about sports on the worst team.
Why are we going to say about planes being flown into buildings? We got to talk about sports.
Oh, there's that phone. Talk.
Talk.
Damn.
What song do I have queued up?
Hopefully it's not dirty.
And if it is, what are we going to do about it?
Bring you the CD door to the beach.
This here, Apple on the pool.
That's all.
You back?
Yeah, I'm back.
All right.
Now this is a guy who's going to install phone service at my friends' apartment.
And this is a guy who works for the large cable company that owns the stadium, owns the
cable, owns the phone, owns everything in this town.
And to show you what geniuses they are here, just like in Florida, he called earlier to
ask where this street is, okay, which anybody who's, anybody who has that kind of
work should have an idea where the streets are.
And now he calls to find out what floor he's going to, even though it's on the order.
And I said, like that party, like that.
All this guy, these wasn't French.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I'm the one, I don't know if you remember who's in the Air Force over in the Netherlands.
Yes.
Well, I just want to say, well, two things.
First, why do all the local people in Miami call Holland?
It's the Netherlands.
Holland is a province.
It be like Holland, the United States of Florida, the United States of America.
I just saw how in the cell, a lot of people are in America.
And I tell you a story what happened when I was in the Netherlands.
My friend and I, we went to a bar and we were just talking and we were, there he's grown
by us.
And he was raised to grandparents are from Belgium, but in the border of Netherlands.
And so he knew Dutch fluently.
But you would, you kept telling me these stories, well, what they're saying, you're like
whispered.
And then out of nowhere, he talked back to them and Dutch fluently what they said back.
They were still a part.
Wait a second, talk to the sky George.
Octoing.
What the hell was this guy talking about?
He got on his back.
Netherlands.
Yellow and shounen.
The Michael Planets.
Aqualonstein.
Look at you.
What?
I was watching that.
Did I tell you?
Thank you for the wait for noticing.
I used to do that all the time.
Which I miss.
You know, I truly made the DJ.
I miss half of it.
I miss the doing of it.
But see it's nice to be able to choose your music.
Sure.
I mean, I'm not saying I like, you know, a station that we're close to.
The next thing they want.
They don't know because no station does.
There's no such thing.
And I don't know if there ever was maybe 100 years ago in the beginning of it.
Which is sad.
Yeah, it is sad.
You would be too cool.
I'll be ready to get to choose what they want to play.
You'd have to ask them, but I think so.
I know they have program directors, but I don't know how they slice it.
Somebody will have to tell you.
Everyone else, I was like, you know, cool.
I can play all the stuff I want to hear.
Okay, listen, I'm going to have to depart for five minutes.
Really?
Yes.
Okay.
So have a good time.
All right, five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and date and rowart.
Eight, seven, seven, seventy, five, six, four, six, three, four, five.
I'm not going to play music for the whole time.
I guess that was an emergency.
Five minutes.
Let's hope you're back by then.
Hey, QAM, Neil, step down.
George, how are you doing, buddy?
Fine, man.
Thanks for helping me, you know, fill in.
The guy who just called Neil must have been smoking a pound of weed
a minute away.
It's nice to share, sir.
When the shipment comes in like that, you know,
I'm easy to find right here.
20295.
Hey, how you doing, Rogers.com.
I wanted to tell you one thing.
And this I've been listening for a lot of years to the show.
When you first started doing your stick after Neil,
you have definitely developed into a one-per-a-half.
Well, thank you.
Let me ask you, what is it that you're good at when you first started?
What skill is that?
That you're all, that you start out good at it,
especially something that you can never practice like talking in front of thousands of people.
Absolutely.
I told Matt because I don't know.
I mean, if I could describe how bad I wanted to both, you know,
mess myself and throw up at the same time.
I don't know if you've ever been there.
It's like sitting outside the principal's office,
but it doesn't go away, you know?
That air-feeling, that white knuckle fear.
Hello?
All right, well thanks.
I mean, a case in point.
The guy just choked right there.
You can't like, you can't practice standing out in front of a huge audience.
Right?
How do you practice that without actually doing it?
You can't.
And how about this?
Like, you're replacing like, let's say that you're a roadie or something like that.
And the main act can't go on or something.
So they say, hey, you there, roadie.
Go perform for the auditorium full of people.
You know, they've got some expectations and you know what they are.
Because you're a big fan of that act too.
You follow?
It's like, you can't duplicate that kind of a situation.
QIAM, hello.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what?
Hey, man, listen here.
Rush Limbaugh predict that Republicans are going to win again.
Are you a crazy person?
Are you a crazy person?
Why would you come call this radio show and quote rush?
Do we care what that pill crunching junkies has to say?
Do you do you care what Rush Limbaugh has to say?
Do you listen to the words coming out of my mouth?
Yeah, it was just an accidental, you know, no, it wasn't an accident.
You hit that button.
Why do you care?
Why do you listen to pill crunching paid shills?
Yeah.
Why?
Answer the question.
Why?
That's what I thought.
I think you scared him.
I know I scared him.
I hope that scared him.
Why?
Why?
We get that all the time.
I just want to hear what they're saying.
Why?
You know it's bull crap.
You know it's a lie.
I mean, he might be right about this particular point.
But that doesn't make him any different.
That doesn't make his show any different than it is.
That doesn't make Rush any less than a junkie in a paid shill.
Why would you listen to that crap?
I don't understand people.
See, I don't see life gets you aggravated just naturally.
Just try to go through the day without getting aggravated by someone or something.
For you to go out of your way to listen to something that's going to get you all ironed
up, I don't understand you people.
It's like I hate broccoli, so I'm going to eat it just to see if I still hate it, just
to see if it still tastes bad.
And then you act all surprised when it does.
QA'AM hello.
Hey, John G.
Hey, what's going on?
What's up, buddy?
How you doing?
I'm doing much better.
I'm walking.
If I think about it, I can walk without a limp.
Hey, I heard you wanted to bike a week.
I'm always buying weed.
I mean, I don't need any right now.
I just got, you know.
Well, I got some good stuff for you.
I always got good stuff.
Don't worry about it.
I don't buy off the air.
Don't worry about it.
I mean, you could be a cop.
Okay, okay.
You know how that goes?
All right.
Take it easy.
You know, it's better than buying weed.
Having people just give it to you.
You can't get in trouble for that, right?
Sure.
Why not?
No.
QAM, hello.
Let's make it up as we go along.
We got a break, but we're going to make the best of it.
We'll buy us some time.
The old man there.
Hello.
QAM, talking to you in the car.
It's you.
Hello, George.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, man.
I just wanted to agree with the last car they've been doing a great job.
Oh, you're sweet.
Do I get to raise the more calls I get like this?
No.
But thanks a lot.
I appreciate that.
You're going to give your problem a good work.
I'm fucking pretty.
Okay.
No problem.
QAM, hello.
Hi, George.
Hi.
When...
Okay, Neil just left the air.
He just walked off, man.
I had no idea when he got a phone call.
He walked off.
Wait, huh?
He got a phone call and walked off.
Walked off the stage.
Okay, because I was going to tell him if he does that again,
I'm going to have to switch to D-fo.
How do you think of me?
Listen, how about do that now?
Don't wait.
Just go and do that now.
And don't come back.
Nobody's forcing you to listen to this show.
You know, Neil does whatever the hell he wants.
The show has been successful for many, many years because...
Neil does whatever the hell he wants.
All right?
And if you don't like Neil doing whatever the hell he wants, go away.
Just go away.
128 on 560 WQAM.
Yeah, oh God.
Goodbye, Carl Roll.
You're flaming Neil on Hellmau.
Now you'll have more time for Jeff Ganon to arise and comfort you
while you tickle his poopy poo.
Right, don't get dirty, face me back at you.
And a lousy dancer, bush calling you a turd blossom
is the only truth that he said
since his asses where you kept your head.
You seem to look out into the presence of the fury,
public inquir and prepare a fear.
Get the hell out of here.
You're lying traitors.
Stay by thigh and no hide and to be Dubai.
Justice in a country that's no good still for the hell.
If you wanna put your comments on Republic Hotel,
there's plenty good praise to the Republican boy,
friend Luke, for your windshield.
What's your idea?
132, so what did I miss from the guy from Holland?
I mean from Nethylons?
Oh, I don't know.
I hung up on his ass.
You hung up on his ass.
I'm a good friend from Neelon.
Have you seen?
Did you say tootsians?
No, I didn't say anything of the sort.
It's a gay hatty.
I'm always this other guy who you're kissing your ass.
Oh, George, you've really come a long way
and you were complimenting what he said.
That's it.
You heard that.
I've come a long way.
I used to suck and now I suck less.
Wow.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
841 votes on the pool.
We're not gonna make 900.
That's the bad news, Chris.
And it's my fault.
Oh, that was just like a mini emergency.
Not an emergency, but only a situation.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
It just was a situation.
I had to go take care of something.
And the guy from the cable thingy's gone.
He'll come back another day.
Just go away and stop calling here for directions
and leave me alone.
You idiot.
You moron.
I'm rolled back to Montreal.
5-6-7-05-60.
Now we're the phones smoking there when I was gone for those five minutes.
No, but I was.
You were smoking?
I'm sure a big foul.
And pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
I mean, we had some pretty good calls today.
I would say on the scale of 1 to 10, I'd give it about a 7 and a half.
What?
It took him a while, but they came up with me.
No, make QA and hello.
Hey, Near, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
On time, no speak.
Here we are.
Yeah, you're doing a great job.
Just fantastic.
Listen, when do you two days a weekend?
September 10.
Really?
That's a summer.
Much too soon.
Yeah, I agree.
I know.
I mean, I see it, but you know, whatever is best for you, you got to do what's best for you, Neil.
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
Another one.
Two days a week is what you need to do than I would do it.
No, you don't understand.
We've been doing this for years.
It's a summer thing.
I don't get paid to do two days a week all year.
Oh, I was thinking that maybe you could do it that way from now on.
Maybe.
Okay, well, listen, Collab Jobelle and tell him that we have your permission, okay?
No, I'm not doing the right thing, hey.
Yeah, yeah, I'm really complaining.
Okay, well, what is with these people?
Why did I speak so soon, you know?
Right there is a classic example of why I hate South Florida.
I mean, like you said before, I've got one of the greatest deals in history.
I will show you some of them.
I get paid full time.
The same as I get paid all the rest of the year.
Very serious bucks, which believe me these days aren't needed, but nevertheless.
And this guy is like, oh, geez, you know, for Nilo, who's complaining?
That should be the theme song for South Florida.
What the hell is his problem?
Norm is not doing the right thing.
I mean, who else has got a deal like this, huh?
Nobody I know.
Very sour.
845, I'm really peeled.
We're not going to make 900.
That's because Chris wasn't leaning on it while I was gone.
Were you leaning on it?
Definitely.
Lean on this.
Nothing about Red Deer Randy Moore doing the play by playing the Panthers.
It's just insanity.
Every guy who ever wore a jock strap is now a broadcasta.
You know Jimmy Sifilus doing the dolphin games.
Randy Moore doing the Panther games.
Good God.
WQA and Hello.
Jordan Payne, my sheets last night.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how are you, Neil?
I'm good.
I got some questions for you.
Is Carl Rove, uh, Jewish?
No, I like, like, no, he's not.
What do you mean he acts like an athlete?
What does that mean?
He acts like he's like, oh, you know, he's slimy and he has body rubbing and the conniving.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, there's wrestling box on Jewish.
Who?
wrestling box.
Yeah, everybody's Jewish.
The whole world is Jewish.
Right.
All the right wing Nazis are Jewish.
Arthur Blank is Jewish.
I know that.
He had that blank expression where they asked him, Michael, if I can hold it there, dogs.
He gave him that blank look.
Look at that.
Now, one call on the board.
What did you do during that five minutes?
I took them.
I took the ones that were holding.
Well, I was like, you guys were lowering.
It was nice of you.
Took my calls and I'd come back here.
And I'm holding my own.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah, just with your thoughts.
Stick in your hands.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
You can do it.
We only have 24 minutes to kill here until Evan Cohen comes on to do.
And according to Chris, Evan Cohen is kicking some big, fat, serious, grayish-ass.
That's what Chris said.
Know what you said?
Yes, I'll like that.
WQA, I'm hello.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
You know what I'm saying?
More than these jock broadcasts and these broadcasts.
But every dryer is supposed to be like movie.
And then they have to come back on the weekend.
Because they just can't go away.
But you know what his thing is?
He's another one of these guys who fancies himself as a talk show host.
All these this jock, he's all these glorified DJs.
They think that they're going to be a talk host someday.
You know, that's the deal.
Yeah, well, anyway, that's what's wrong.
They just don't go away.
Just go away, buddy.
You shut the fuck up.
Yeah, buddy.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
These people, it's a talk crowd, man.
It's a talk floor to crowd.
It's a tough group.
And that's why I survived 31 and a half years.
They should put that on his tombstone.
He was a survivor, whoever he is.
Oh, God.
Yeah, me.
846 on the pool.
I said, then I said, 850 was our goal.
I think we got a shot at it.
Of course, 850.
Yep, that was what it sounds good to me.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, dear.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I'm right.
And you're right.
We will eventually get out of South Florida,
but I need to stick it out because my son needs three years more
of high school to finish and then we're out of here.
Yeah.
But I do agree with you, though, that the bigot of is a learned trait.
Sure.
I remember when I was little and I was growing up,
my mom would treat certain ethnicities to people differently.
And I couldn't understand that.
Until I grew up, became a teenager and started working.
And then I found out he was right.
These people were lazy or they treated people bad.
And I said, it's a learned experience.
That is correct.
So if you travel the world and get exposed to all these different cultures.
So does that make you a bigot or does it just make you a realist?
I think I'm a realist.
Not a bigot of because when I was a child, I played with everybody.
And I didn't understand why he didn't want me to play with certain ethnic backgrounds.
And then as I grew older, I said, you know what I'm saying?
My father had a point.
After you interact with the other cultures, you figure it out.
Well, this guy, this one has a stereotype because of this.
And this one has a stereotype because of that.
And it was true.
I'm talking about it's the truth.
Well, watch out for those goy-m.
Take care.
I have a question.
Oh man, 22 till 2 at 5, 60, 70, Q, and we got 849 votes.
We're going to make 850 by hooker by crook.
So we had that situation with Eric and the Josh Cordist right now because the last thing
I need are any more crises or any more, you know.
I don't know actually.
You don't know?
I mean, what was Eric's excuse?
He had a fat attack or something?
Well, what's the deal with that?
He didn't make one to me.
We're not running like a part-time website.
Okay, last time I checked 24-7, Neil Rogers.com.
We run it.
We maintain it.
We had crap on it.
We do the poll on it.
We do stuff.
You know what I mean?
We do a crap.
What do you mean?
And so I guess he just maybe he forgot about it.
How all the way?
Maybe there was a communication breakdown.
Between him and the Josh Cordist?
That must be it.
Well, I think Josh Cordist screwed up.
I think you ought to be able to take his girlfriend out again this weekend.
I think that's a great idea.
Yeah, just as a form of punishment.
And you ought to have your way with her whatever you want to do.
Okay, outside of sideways.
Maria, her credit card is okay.
Maria, your credit card.
She's a classy lady.
Twenty-till-two at QAM.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Well, congratulations.
Get a ride.
Oh, the life of Christy.
I'm a tea-wise fairy tale.
This is where the gist is.
We're not poorly.
They held a big convention.
Let me invite free.
Let me invite free.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
You're friends.
They were speaking in tongues.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
That made me a believer.
They got be believed in my tongue
with noises from side to side.
Relationship!
Translated byperedd
Oh Lord, now umbrace me.
He KEI Gothan
Oh, I slapped my tongue to the beat.
Damn it!
Awaited in filthy expression.
I was now I speak in time
But that makes me a believer
And I'm having fun
Playing round with my mouth
Yeah, I speak in time
146 and 516 WQM all the pressure and radio baby at least South Florida's all depression or Neil
You got to do what's best for you. What what was that guy talking about you think that was a put on you think it was a joke and anybody really be that stupid?
I think he just wanted to make sounds with his mouth. You know what it was?
Maybe he was speaking in tongues
858 votes on the pool we got our 850. I told you no problem
Fash news reported yesterday that a Roman Catholic bishop in the Netherlands has suggested that Christians start referring to God as a law as the way of bridging the cultural divide
Fox that invited father Jonathan Morris a Catholic priest and Imam Shamsi Ali of the to make a Muslim senator to debate this proposal
Shamsi I
Don't think he speaks for Catholics had father Morris of the bishop if I'm going to use an Arabic word to refer to the supreme being
I'm trying to make some sort of point and that point
I would assume is that somehow I have the same understanding of God as Muslims do and the fact is we don't
When Muslims call God Allah what we mean is our creator and he's the creator of Christians and the Jews are probably Imam Ali in fact not only 20 million Christians in the Middle East called God Allah
But also some Jews even in Yemen for instance. How do you like that even in Yaman the Yaman they call him whatever makes you picture
I have no reason whatsoever to think that Ali here doesn't worship the same God
I don't know if he does or not
But there are people all over the world who are using the word Allah in order to refer to a supreme being who supposedly invites them or commands them to kill the innocent in his name
Objected father Morris. I think we have to be very careful Imam Ali cautioned even all the terrorists using the name of Allah
I think he's not always new for the name Allah
That's what Ali said Allah or is it let's call him Ali
Ali Shidi I'm feeling kind of Shidi about the whole thing
Yes, when he came right down to it
860 to on the floor they're so close and we're gonna fall a little bit short. There's nothing worse than that WQA. I'm hello
Okay, sir I have a right winged Wadgoh spy report. Yeah, okay. I was in my travel agent and guess who I ran into
Steve Kane and his bad monkey Ryan. Yeah, it wasn't a very good experience
Meaning what meaning that
Yeah, they're both nice. Oh, I'm telling you had a good time with him 5 6 7 0 5 60
Trying to keep that name alive or keep Steve alive maybe he needs the work
He needs the money needs to rake in that dough on that make believe station nobody knows the color. It is they still have a point
Oh, oh, they don't show up. So what's the point the point is mosque 11 baby everybody's gonna make a living
Am I right? Oh, yeah, not everybody though. WQ Q a.m. Hello almost everybody Q a.m
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, this is Frank Morgan. I'm over here. I'm over here for a lot of it
We're having a pre-computer recycling event for all the residents of Fort Lauderdale
Frank, let me ask you a question
Why are you calling me with this? What does this have to do with this radio show?
Right, I tell you what I tell you what you throw your computers and your television sets
Sure, let me ask you a quiet. Let me say it again
Yeah, are you hearing my words or am I speaking into like a tunnel?
Because what I say let's get a free put you in here what I said
Frank, yeah, hey Frank yes, bye
5 670560 see that that's one of the things about taking the calls that I love I enjoy so much sure calls just like that
There was another one-way conversation he was speaking and I was speaking and
There was like no communication kind of like what happens with our management to the same thing and
When I think about that that
Written as an announcement that Ken had a record there to stick in the middle of the show
It's clearance is way of saying you see we're gonna put for stuff on it
This is what's important. This is what people care about they don't give a crap about your trip to my funeral or all this other
Cocker right that you're talking about all they care about is the canes and move into the dolphin stadium the canes the canes
The fins and the canes. That's all anybody cares about
That's all you care about you quizzling you idiot you frown. That's you clearance
Overgrown infant man a child
Who still I think did learn the beast when his wife is out of time. I mean there's got to be something going on there
Am I right?
Absolutely, I mean absolutely
Absolutely yeah
WQ a.m. Hello
A deal yes sir. How you doing, buddy good?
Hey guys talk to you man without George Shaman and he cut me off last time. I was gonna tell you about
It's been there in the afternoon they talk about all kinds of things
She was laughing about it. I'm sure inside you know what and I know you always talked about that before
But he won't ever tell you about the truth about that. She's making gagging noises and everything about that
Is on certain side
Tool so I thought you need to know about that. Yeah, I need to know about that
I've used to work for a guy in West Palm Beach. His name was Bill. Why did you cut him off? You're gonna think I did that
Yeah, I have no idea what he's talking about something about
The
Pulling down the road who knows what he's battling about
Everybody Q a.m. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pally. Okay, Pally
Two things someone came to your website
www.movieform with a Z dot com and all the first run movies that are at the theater are there and they rate them on
The quality of the sound and the picture so it's
It's fr.r.m. Z dot com. Okay, W. W. W.
And I want to say one other thing
the author of Harry Potter now is
writing a murder mystery novel. Do you think that'll catch fire to Neil take it easy Pally?
Yeah, I'm sure she needs the money
What do I care about her and what do I care about Harry Potter?
Either one of them, but I may he had the least of the distance either hang up and run away. I would too
Once you're taken by Linguilism that's our poll after my grotesque weekend in Montreal with those frogs and let me say
Again, if there's any French Canadians a little bit of time and even they come down if there's any French Canadians in South Florida
Jopazie and get lost get out of town fast go away
860 a votes. I hate by Linguilism 201. I'm all for it 179. I don't care 143
I wish I was bilingual 124. I'm more for bisexuality 116 and it doesn't work
Which is the correct answer is on the bottom of our pool 105 it doesn't work
It just divides and causes hatred and hostility and like that and
You know what's hot thought of we didn't need by Linguilism to create like that did we nope, but it sure works really well
Anyway, we made it I think this was okay today this is fair. What do you say we do it again on Thursday or what? Sure all the time
Yes
Lay and Fest
150 three imaginar
WQ, yeah
The
Swords for these sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports Sports
Spores sports I like reading the sports section. I like reading the sports section too
Now the paper's better news in a computer. You can read the paper on a toilet
Man like computers cuz what's I got to do with sports?
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
We got a girl in here. Yeah a girl
Hello see we're straight. That's a girl
Girls are okay, but I'd rather stare blankly ahead and just talk about sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
Show me laughing there just got to be somebody out there
That just wants to hear about nothing but sports sports sports sports sports sports smell llevar sports
Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Sp
Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores...
See, any time there's like 37 seconds to fill the end of the show, you can always depend on this.
I regret it.
Oh!
I don't care if they're from my rack to be used
Use you to the torture
Cause they're just playing their game
In the past it had to be worse with Saddam
Who's safe?
Bye, bye, bye!
