I tune your honey."
Good morning, Americans!
It's Paul Harvey!
Stand by for news!
Two blondes, Katie and Nicole walk into a bar each
order a drink.
They sit down and begin toasting and cheering 51 days—51 days.
Well, five minutes later, another blond patty walks in order
a drink and joins the other two in the cheering.
Finally, another blond Sally walks in with what looks like a cardboard
picture.
She puts the picture thing in the middle of the table and, again,
they all begin to cheer 51 days—51 days.
The bartender starts to get extremely curious, so he walks over
only to discover that the picture is a cookie-monster puzzle
with approximately twelve pieces.
He walks over and asks, Katie, what on earth are you doing?
Well, Katie says everyone thinks blondes are stupid, but we
proved them wrong.
On the box of this puzzle, it says two to four years, but we've
finished in 51 days.
Paul Harvey?
Ow!
Who's the day?
Ten oh two at five sixty.
Everybody here, I'm happy Tuesday.
It's the twenty-fourth day of Julio, baby.
El Fante Coatro de Julio.
You know, it's on becoming very bi—
by, uh, bi— by polar?
Mm-hmm.
Lindsay Lohan is out at jail.
She was in again that overnight.
She's got issues, you might say.
Anybody care about that bitch?
No.
Oh, look at this accused of drug-driving, possession of
coke, things go better with coke, she said, but she's
out of jail again, according to TMZ.com.
Law enforcement official say she was cooperative in jail, but
we're told she was very upset.
Oh, poor baby!
Law enforcement first sent Santa Monica jail tells TMZ she did
just about everything we asked.
Well, in that case, then what did they let her out?
So what didn't she do?
She refused to admit to a P-A-S-D, a preliminary alcohol
screening device.
That's a chemical test administered in the field to determine
blood alcohol levels.
But anyway, a breath test was conducted, and her blood alcohol
was between point 12 and point 13, legal in California's
point 08.
She was a little bit high.
Search her, her first was conducted, and cocaine was found
in her pantalumi's pocket.
I'm actually, they were reaching deep into her pockets, and
they found some white powder.
Why does anybody care about this bitch?
I mean, it's like, you don't know it is.
And why do they keep letting her out?
Why do they keep giving bail on this bitch?
You're being ridiculous.
She just handed them a VY over to weekend for Christ's sakes.
What is wrong with you, America?
What is wrong?
Are you a bunch of crazy people?
Or what?
Absolutely.
Oh, well, that explains it.
And if that isn't crazy enough, this thing about Drew Kerry.
Oh, my God.
I think Bob Barker is going to change his mind and come back.
What do you think?
OK.
CNN says, Genio comic, Drew Kerry.
Don't you love that?
Genio comic?
Well, what's Genio?
I don't know what's that.
OK.
He's fat and stupid looking and acting and not funny.
Genio comic, Drew Kerry was tapped yesterday
to replace Silverhaired legend Bob Barker on the CBS daytime
game show The Price is Right.
The deal was sent yesterday afternoon shortly before the taping
of the CBS late show with David Letterman, where he confirmed it.
I realized what a big responsibility
of business.
He said it's only a game show, but it's the longest run
in game show in American TV.
And I applied to keep it that way.
He said, you go, Drew, you lunatic.
You're fairly.
The selection attracted more attention
than usual for daytime show because of the prospect
of replacing old Bob 83, 83 freaking years old.
That means I've only got 19 years to go on this show.
Barker retired after 35 years in the job
last month following the taping of his 6,586 episode.
The opening attracted widespread interest, including
from comic Rosie O'Donnell after he should have the view
with Bob Malwater with his speech defect.
The view, Kerry Ford announced
better decade out of zone ABC sitcom.
It was also host of the improvisational game show
Whose Line Is It?
Anyway, well, I never saw that.
What is that?
I never saw it.
Good.
Do you see it?
Chris?
Yeah, who's lying yet?
Which show?
Even with him on it?
He wasn't the big part of it.
It was.
No, they have gone for it.
I mean, it was good to react out scenes.
I saw a little bit of that.
There he is.
OK, it could be OK.
He thought it could also be the host of the new CBS primetime
time game show, The Power of Ten That Is Next Month.
He told the A and PS did.
And CBS officials first contacted him
about the prices right immediately after he completed
the plot of the other game show this spring.
The Power of Ten.
Robert Gryper's favorite game show
was The Power of Ten.
Yeah, I know.
That's what I heard.
You know, Robert Gryper, the Lord of the Board,
the Grim Reaper, him, that A-hole.
My agent called me and said I was talking
to CBS Casting Day.
And in my head, I was thinking, oh, CS, I guess,
there.
And he said, what would you think about replacing Bob Barker
on the prices right?
As to be found, the prospect of replacing such a TV legend
daunting, he recalled talking to a friend
who knows the games show business who told him,
as long as Bob Barker is cool with it,
the fans will be cool with it too.
How are we going to know if Bob is cool with it?
I'm cool with it, Barker, said after hearing
Karez remarks.
See it?
That's how we know.
That was quick, wasn't it?
Sure was.
This is the problem solving show.
That's why so many people enjoy the show.
If there's a problem in the world, we solve it.
Like that morning show, we're going to be solving that problem
pretty soon, too.
And not we.
Don't look at me.
I got them to do that.
That's the room where I'm here.
And aren't you here not saying room or yes?
Barker said he's not familiar enough of Karez's past performance
just dropped from repeating on his selection.
But he said, understand, he lives very well.
That is a nice, friendly way of working.
And I think both of those things
would be helpful to him on the prices right.
His advice for Karez, go out there and do the show.
You were the way you think it should be done.
Don't imitate me and don't imitate anybody else.
Better be put a boot put about.
Drew Kerry, man, he's going to be really dyno Mike.
Oh, I'm sorry, it's the wrong show.
So Lindsay Lohan is in and out of jail again overnight
while you were sleeping.
She was in and out.
I mean, what's the big deal with her?
She like really high hot number or something like that?
Maybe she was from about five minutes one.
Right.
For all the five minutes, back one,
when she still had some weight before she was all
coked out and dropped and hacked out.
Really?
And fried and bleached and fried and then
hacked out.
Well, crap on two legs right now.
Yeah.
Okay, let's before we get into all this other stuff
because I got a huge pile of stuff
because I haven't been on since last Thursday
and then this Thursday only got three hours
because I got to get out of here.
Georgia, we have one to two on Thursday.
You got a heavy duty schedule this week.
That's good.
Sorry.
So Judge Court has didn't come in,
give you a black eye or anything over that.
No, no, no, no.
We all got our stories straight away.
Don't set them in the morning.
Yeah.
You said you got home seven o'clock in the morning.
Yeah, that's what I said.
But it isn't true though.
Sure it is.
No, it's not.
Okay. Well, then why do you say that's what I said?
Because it is what I said.
Yeah.
But you said it in such a way as if to make it sound like you lied.
Like you just fabricated it.
Nope.
Yeah, then he lied, Chris.
What did he tell you?
Yes, seven o'clock is when I got home.
Here's your poll for yesterday.
Boy, did it suck bad.
In fact, look at that.
We got more votes already today than you had all the issues.
Did it two or three?
Yes, that's right.
Why do you make it up?
So, A, like you don't have it on twice as long as the one that I put on there and B,
like it matters.
Because I feel like it.
Okay.
843 votes on today's poll.
Chris can just sit back fat and sassy because we got a thousand licked.
We got a lick today.
Now this poll yesterday was okay, but it was so obvious.
I mean, I voted for the same thing.
You are that one.
Me too.
What type of product your service do well intentioned people most commonly purchased but never used?
Exercise equipment.
Of course, 270.
I got a treadmill.
I got an exercise bike in the house down there.
Do I want to go out there?
Do I use them?
No.
No.
I have used them.
I will say that.
Spiringly.
But I don't use them.
Exercise equipment wins hands down your pants.
Gym membership 168.
Same thing.
Say anything that's going to get us into good gym.
Most of us are too lazy even though I want to be bothered by it.
Everybody joins a gym because it's the thing.
You do plus a lot of people want to go and take their showers with other people naked.
Look at that.
Those are the only two with any votes.
Extended service warrants.
He only 34.
A juicer 29.
Oh, I did that.
When I had my first big satellite dish.
The Juicy Man.
Not this Juicy Man.
In fact, I think the Juicy Man they used to be on.
What was his name?
I don't know.
He was dead.
The only one still on his jackal lane who just turned 185.
And has no teeth.
A juicer 29.
Home improvement tool supplies 13.
Condemns 13.
They buy them with the best of intentions and high hopes.
But they never get around to use them.
Or maybe the Home improvement tool supplies 13.
Condemns 13.
They buy them with the best of intentions and high hopes.
But they never get around to use them.
Or maybe they just in too much of a hurry to, you know.
Think about using them and then of course they pay the price.
Fresh fruits and veggies 13.
We buy them and we don't ever use them.
What do you do?
Just stick them in the fridge and they just rot there and then you throw them out.
That's what happens.
Oh.
Like I got some shrooms in my refrigerator and then also some hot peppers.
Some like not hot peppers but what do you call them?
Pepper and Chienes.
Yeah, like that.
Pepper and Chienes.
And I've got to get thrown out.
A musical instrument 10.
Books 8.
Yeah, that's true.
I got so many books in my bookshelf there that I've never read.
Never even opened them yet.
But it looks very impressive.
Sure does.
And cleaning products 3.
Well, I don't even understand that.
Why would you buy them if you're never going to use them?
Because you're lazy and it's logged.
569 hosts on yesterday is a very, very poultry pool.
But you did have a stupendous response on our website yesterday.
I don't know what that was all about.
Wow.
In fact, because you're going to take pictures of that.
Because of those pictures.
Because of those pictures.
And they're doing such a fabulous job this summer.
In fact, just to honor the great job George is doing.
This job.
This job.
Team from his favorite TV show.
We've hosted the pictures on there.
Oh, you're posted the pictures from...
From Friday night.
Yeah.
Oh, that's why you had so much.
I thought maybe you had a good show.
Well, you had turned 21 earlier this month and checked out
that we had July 15th.
Well, today's one of the 24th, nine days later.
Maybe she needs to go back into rehab like with Brittany.
Maybe the two of them can put their heads together or something.
She was in a car chase.
I threw out the other part of it.
She was chasing a cat like escalated.
Maybe she liked it.
Maybe she wanted to pull it over in the driving.
She liked it.
Yeah, she liked it.
850 votes on the day's pool already.
Your favorite black TV series from the past.
And by the way, I don't care.
Some of you my space people need to be put in outer space like our friend Sean the Felix the Cat Guy.
He says we a lot of interesting stories and I appreciate that.
But I don't need to know that because you're a white guy and you don't watch much TV anyhow.
You don't watch black shows.
I don't really care.
They don't need to know that anyway.
Why?
What kind of a bigoted comment is that anyway?
Yeah, what a stupid thing that is.
So if you don't watch it, don't vote on the pool.
I don't need to get an email from you like that.
You smuck.
You puffs.
And speaking of smucks and puffs is Al Rodgers.
So help me God.
If you ever darken my space or anywhere else near me again, we're going to darken your face, okay?
What do they used to use a black face?
What do they call it?
Black face, right?
I'm going to get some black face.
Let's grease.
No, seriously, just stay in hell away.
I don't want nothing to do with you, Al Rodgers.
I don't care about your politics.
I don't care about your all.
Oh, you're invited to something.
I'm a big thing for our dentists.
I'll hear it from somebody else.
I don't want to hear it from you.
When I delete you and block you, that's a message.
Any sane person will understand.
I don't want to hear from you.
Go stalk somebody else.
Leave me alone.
Oh, my God.
You know, one thing we don't like on this show.
George and I may disagree on many things and we do.
But one thing we agree on, we don't like people like that.
Right.
You're lazy.
We don't want to be crazy about the crazies.
No.
And once crazy, always crazy.
There is no going back.
There is no forgiveness.
There is no therapy.
There is no, uh, right away they go.
The ice clone has been heavy duty.
Oh, good.
No, not good.
Or the originals down here marauding us.
So, uh, yeah.
Why should you be exempt?
What do you mean by that?
Why should you, uh, you know, be exempt?
Give me a spin.
Now.
Now he's pointing.
Now there's nothing there of blank.
You jackass.
You cymbal and you idiot.
You're fairly.
Freedom and safe cheese.
In the past, if you wanted performance, you sacrificed fuel efficiency.
And if you desired fuel efficiency, you had to give up performance until now.
Introducing the Toyota Prius 420.
It goes 0-106.3 dokes.
The Toyota Prius 420 comfortably fits you and three of your biggest buds.
And there's room for three of your friends too.
The Prius 420 comes well equipped with leather, cup holders and several small compartments
to stash away your valuables.
Plus, front and side airbags are standard.
It comes to the bad.
Cool.
Smoke and track magazine says, finally, hybrid meets hydroponics.
Bong and driver rates it best in grass.
And it's high-time magazines car of the year.
The Prius 420 from Toyota.
Oh, what a feeling.
1018 at 560.
So I'm looking at our home page and looking for these pictures of your big date.
I don't see them.
Well, there are the section called pictures and they're at the top of it.
Oh, pictures?
Yeah, I'd put these straight forward.
Oh, I see.
So I got to click on a little camera there.
Pictures, joy to go to my nice place.
I get to be in multimedia.
Yeah, please.
Big booze though.
Yeah.
Natasha, Josh's girlfriend.
Big boobs.
She has them.
Wow, she's got gigantic ones.
Yeah, they match to the race symmetrical.
And the real.
Holy cow, you look 100 years old.
Well, I am.
Doesn't he, Chris?
I don't think he looks 100, maybe 150.
Oh, get out of town, man.
I have never, ever seen such a shocking photo in my life.
Are you sure about that?
Maybe well, maybe the one with Brady Quinn with his hands on that guy's crotch.
But other than that, holy cow.
That's what happens when you don't see somebody for a long time.
You look older than me.
Well, I wouldn't go that far, Gramps.
You look old.
I'm old, man.
So the good news is that the George sent those things out
and I'm able to certificates to my close personal buddy.
I forgot to say to the 100 bucks though, but I'll do it this week.
All right.
Well, now see, the longer I take before I send it to you,
the longer you'll have before you can spend it.
If 1497 my space friends, by the way, I'm thinking that maybe today we can get those three more
and get to 1500.
I'll let you make it go if you were still around the head and gotten a stat in the back and fired.
I'm sure he'd be really proud of me for that.
1500 on an old fort.
And we don't have any make believe, my space friends.
We don't have to play that game.
In fact, why don't they just call themselves over there across the street
to make believe sports station?
We're not the good things to the best.
It's obsessed with a make believe Joe Zagaki and a make believe Hank Goldberg and a make
believe, how about the make believe audience for the make believe sports station?
Can that be good?
Okay.
You've heard of the Toronto make believe sure, little cardboard audience?
Oh, and I think that very jackass has gone.
I'll get to that eventually.
You know, the other day that seems to be,
did that take some calls last time I was on 100 weeks ago?
Don't go and expect that today.
It went pretty well actually.
And how are your calls going?
Pretty good?
So, yeah.
What does that mean?
Not great.
Well, it's the middle of July.
It's the end of July.
Geez, that's a great call.
You have had?
Have some female callers?
Yeah.
I don't know why it's George Lafayne actually when you say we've had some great calls.
He's just talking about the good ones that we've had.
Oh, not both of them.
The 90% of the bad ones.
Sofford is sports fantastic for a very jackass didn't he had the people vote off there
on the most important, well, were this supposed to be the people who mattered most
in the history of Sofford sports and the Don Schuylen, Dan Marino, Danny Boy, oh, Danny Boy, yeah.
I always wondered about those Batman looks at his, you know, hey, Danny.
You're fairy.
But anyhow.
He was listening to my show once in a while.
He probably doesn't even know I'm still on here.
I know the shoes, myster, the brainstem.
He was kind of confused.
Remember that time he was out with Hank and I called him the brainstem.
They were sitting over there to Schuylen's.
Yeah, he didn't know you were talking about him.
Yeah.
He had no idea.
Oh, that kneels.
He's still on the air.
Oh, I want to think about Schuylen.
He's like the Ronald Reagan of sports.
He's been seen out for a hundred years.
But he's a hell of a guy.
We love you, Don.
He ain't no, uh, Ken Cameron, but then again, who is?
Or are they going to suck this year or what?
But I see they sign at the kid quarter by, how come they didn't sign Brady Quinn?
How come they didn't draft his ass?
You want to know why?
Because they think he's gay.
That's right.
They already had a, um, gay defensive back here.
Not too many years ago.
I can give his name on here, but I better not do it.
You know what I'm talking about, Chris?
Uh, not a fan.
No, okay.
Well, I'm not going to tell you.
I'll send you to Marmorning before the show.
Tomorrow, Thursday.
Thursday morning.
Okay.
Not many.
I'm coming.
Coming to hit him, I'm going to tell you who's gay and who's not gay.
Yeah, I was wondering what that is.
I'll have to run the show for that.
By the way, that morning show of ours.
When is that going off pretty soon?
I understand.
About 30, man.
30 days?
Yeah.
Anyway, the thing this list, there's a list here of, there were 16,879 votes.
And to show you what a one, one horse town it is.
Uh, and the fact that the Panthers are still there.
I mean, thank God we all know that and they're going to be across the street, along with the, what's his name?
But, uh, the, the only hockey player to even get listed is a list of 700 people on here.
Some of whom I, even, I never heard of, even the, uh, sports maven, then I am like, uh, where's this one name?
I can't even pronounce it.
Much less to have any idea who the person was.
Nick KOTYS.
Nick Kotis.
Kotis.
Chris.
Kotis, I would, uh, guess, Kootis.
Kootis.
Nick Kootis.
Got 84 votes.
I never even heard of Nick Kootis.
Kotis.
Kotis.
What did he do?
You're, what, what did he do?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Nick, uh, Google it.
KOTYS.
Don't.
Nick KOTYS.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I didn't see either, I already knew...
I never heard of him.
I didn't see either, I knew to know.
Thomas recess.
And he got, uh, how many votes did I say a bunch?
84 votes.
And it is also also interesting that Pudge Rodriguez and Alex Rodriguez are like Viewer set by
each, one for Pudge, and one for 32.
I'll say this for a punch run rigas. He still looks good. He lost a lot of weight after he stopped doing them steroids after that investigation everything.
In fact, he lost 90 pounds just in his mass, but he still looks good. He's a pretty man.
You know what I mean? Can you say that in the sports fraternity? Can you say that he's a pretty man?
Sports fraternity, they say it all the time, don't they?
Probably to each other. Oh, you're a pretty man. Let me check out your muscle.
Okay, here's today's poll. Who was your favorite, what was your favorite black TV series in the past?
And the fact that Sean Felix the cat doesn't, I don't care if you don't watch black shows. That's all right. If you're a racist son of a bitch.
If it's a good show, you'll watch it. The other thing is a make.
Sanford and son, 303 there. They were winning hands down. And George says that because it was, it was not intellectual like a Jefferson.
It was just fine.
It was not just fine. I hated that show.
I like that box. It's fine, but not on that show.
But you hear that? My phone is ringing. I bet something really good.
Better go get it.
No, go get it. No way.
Sanford and son, 303. The Jefferson's 144. Now, how can the Jefferson's get beat out?
There's no more.
By Sanford and son, do you think there's any comparison between the two shows? Give me an honest answer. Don't give me one of these intellectuals. You know, analyze it.
I like the Jefferson's much better.
Right. That's what I'm saying. Not even close. Still, I like Sanford and son.
It's like America with vanilla ice cream. It's have session with mediocrity. Sanford and son was just a mediocre show. Jefferson's was hysterical.
I like that. They don't like it because what's his name? George Jefferson. What's the guy's name that played him?
Fred Sanford. No, no, that's not. He's real.
Oh, Jefferson. Oh, the gay guy. Yeah, Sherman, Sherman Helm's Lee.
Amos and Andy 83, which is another joke because there ain't anybody old enough in this audience except me and chicken act to know what that show is even all about.
They got 83. That's the joke for a good times. 59. I'm like just a hell. That's not enough to play that theme again.
The cause be show 59 in living color 45 and a whole bunch of other ones which are read after the break is a list only it'll take us to 130 to read the whole of the book.
Holy mackerel. This is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
Neil God.
Yeah, we heard it's the first 15 times we got.
He needs the iPhone. I want it because it's a real wizard. It has its own web browser along with what by email and I've got.
I'll check out every Apple store from LA to they all because I need his stuff like my dog. He needs his phone. Let's grab that iPhone. He needs the iPhone.
Hello, I'm here for the iPhone. Yeah, we're out. We're sold out. I can't be sold out. That's what I'm saying. No, you can have one in a few months. I feel like you're my dad. I want now. No, I'm not going to happen. I need that. I know you got to wait.
No, I can't wait. I'll put you on the list. He will be a living hell if I have to. He's my still.
God, I love that color screen service light is always green. Cool. This thing I've ever seen.
Oh, I need the iPhone. I can't build this. Oh, I'll do it. It's bitching. Oh, until they get the iPhone. I can't get out of the store.
Get out of the store. That's exactly what I would say 10 32 at 5 60 W. A. M. It's a Tuesday. Maybe let's look at that schedule and see what kind of fall to roll on high jinx and low jinx we got.
Mad Dog at two. I guess it's just like a regular schedule is what it is. Mad Dog at two power hour with Hank at a mad dog four to five. The Humber Hank Goldberg five to seven.
Miami Dolphin doll access seven to nine because we got to kiss a lot of dolphins and to get those games on the air.
So every time we put some dolphins crap on even though it's like the end of July. I guess it's getting us kind of close.
And I felt told the Michael Vick stay home, baby. Is that what they said Chris correct stay home. I think I threw that out.
I had it here somewhere in my pile that I throw that out. Oh, geez. That's bad. I've I've thrown it out. I'm going to wait ahead of myself.
So I better slow down. Dolphins all access seven to nine in the Marlins on decades seven or nine because they're playing out there in Arizona.
The old diamond bags at nine and nine 40 is game time. What kind of a time is that? I guess that's six 40 out there and then the SPN radio overnight,
which nobody listens to. They shut that baby off. So that's our schedule for the rest of the day. How did they do last night?
The Marlins your Marlins Chris fell off the fourth. Oh, no. Oh my God. K. Trejique. What are we going to do now? That whole that whole deal.
You got such mediocrity any else pathetic. What was your favorite black TV series from the past? This is a Charlie B pull. No, Dolphins.
Yes, it is. I got it right here in front of me. Well, I used it. I mean, because I had it. Not that it's great. It's okay, Charlie.
919 votes already already Chris. Are you ready for that? Yeah, we didn't put this on until two or three yesterday. Oh, that's all.
Sanford and Sunshedred and 12 Jefferson's one for now. That is an infomnia. Well, guess what's on was on last night? It's been on all over the place. The Godfather, unedited. No curses.
Uno, dose and trace side by each back to back. I can't. Honestly, what I do is I sit there. I start there. I mean, there's nobody here, but I'm just giving the dialogue out loud. Out loud.
Don't ever take sides against the family. Ever. You don't come to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that.
Anyway, Amos and Andy 83 good times 59. One of the really a bad chose with a really great thing, even though George hates the theme because he's a racist bastard. Bad show with a bad thing.
Cause be sure 59 or you didn't like what's his name? Oh, and living colors got 48 and we left that off of there. And right thing you remember. I put it on there just so I could vote for it. Wow, it is in the air.
It might have won 48. Well, we got a long way to go. We got to tell them are unless you decided to change the poll to a long change it at 150. I don't care what you do. Go right ahead. Have a good time with it.
The first principal or 41 with the highly anxious. What's his name? What's his name? Will Smith. Will Smith. Oh, I've tried to forget it, but you brought it back again. He makes me ill. Will makes me ill.
The Wayans Brothers 25 26 is that Damon and how many are there the way men 100 way 100 Wayans brothers.
Every 10 there's a big fight. They show up at the way in. Different strokes 21 fat Albert 18. What's happened in 17?
The brain actual 14. Martin 10. Is that my favorite Martin? No, you're not going to like Martin. Oh, I never seen it. Family matter is 10. You'll realize that. It sucks. Oh living single eight 227.
Five. That's 227 had five rock had five. What's rock? A comedy. It was live. It wasn't bad. It was just wasn't all that funny. It wasn't that good.
Different World five. The Sinbad show for it's kind of like a Drew Kerry. Not that funny and not that good.
Hang on with Mr. Cooper three. Amen. Two is that. Amen. Two. What's happening now? One is supposed to just plain old. What's happening? The Steve Harvey show one.
That sounds like a black item. He Steve Harvey. He's quite black. Is he with an angel like that? And probably he's kind of Paul Harvey.
Blacker than Cole. Blacker than Paul Harvey. The Parker is one. The parent hood one. Now that's bad. That is such a stupid ass name. Why does America do stuff like that?
It's like the whole robotics thing man. The parent hood my ass. The Jamie Fox show one in the house one. Let's take it to the house. He's taking it to the house. Seriously.
There's so many stupid people out there that just makes me give me a spiel. He's thinking about it. If I had a dollar for every stupid person running around on the loose in the world, I could buy the world.
In the house one, Moisha none and Malcolm and Eddie ain't gotten on with a name like Moisha or is that Moisha? Maybe it's a Jewish black show Moisha. Maybe it's Moisha and Malcolm and Eddie none out of 921. What kind of a name is Moisha? Is that like Betalatisha and Farisha and Kakamolisha?
928 votes though. Well, we might have a thousand, not a thousand but pretty darn close to it by the top of the hour, Chris. Wow. Cool.
And nearly you have your work cut out but not today. Well, thank you. Thank me for one. Pretty much changing it so early. Yeah. So that's why I did it. It's called Meals Head Start Program on the Pull. That way we slide into a thousand release. You don't have to get all stressed out about it.
I don't like it too short to get stressed out. Look at those pictures in George. Yeah. God, you look old. I mean, I'm a little old. When's the last time we seen each other? I know. Five years? Maybe. No, get out of here. Maybe three. Three years? Maybe. In those three years you've aged 40. I got a haircut and I have gray hair. So when you have a fresh haircut, you know, all the gray really stands. Okay. Okay. You don't look old. Well, I do look old. Oh, well, then why you are. I just say it. I just don't know.
All right. I mean, would you like me saying all I'm only almost 65, but I'm not old. I'm old. Yeah. Me too. I'm not getting old. In fact, getting old is better than the alternative, although in your case, I'm not so sure.
Jimmy Brezlin says in Pete's George Bush to stop realizing that do I have time to read this before the break? I'm sure I don't.
But that's coming Jimmy Brezlin who retired. But now I guess he came out of retirement just to write this. It's a good calm. Which he wouldn't come out of retirement to write, you know, a crappy calm.
How's the hopper doing by the way? He lost an answer to our what? I haven't seen him in a long, long time. Haven't seen any of you guys. Do I sound sad about it? No. Am I sad about it? No. Oh, I know that. You're not sad about it. Well, I talked to every damn day during the, let's tell people, it's spent more time talking to Neil over the years than everybody else I know put together. And it's staring across the glass door at you. Right. So, you know, I'm talking about these people. I'm talking about these people. What about the next day? Well, I'm talking about these people. Very mild. Well, I can't really talk about them. I'm just talking about them. But when I'm talking about them, I'm just talking to a lot of them. I'm talking to them. That's all. I want to talk to them. I want to talk to them. And I'm talking to them. I want
And enough was enough.
Yeah, that's for sure.
Now, what's this deal with our sales department?
We said a bunch of cops.
Yeah, just move along.
I mean, I don't understand what happened to Brian Schmoz.
He must have undergone some kind of a lobotomy when he left
because he came back like Jack Nicholson in Kupusnast
after the lobotomy.
He just came back drained of a brain.
That's the problem in this town.
It's the QM brain drain.
And of course Hank Guerrero,
although in his case, you have to have a brain before he can drain it.
He's the missing one.
Hank Guerrero, am I right?
Absolutely.
This is G Gordon Liddy, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
It's this summer movie giving you that uneasy feeling in the pit of your stomach.
You're very awesome.
Harry Potter and the Order of Fries.
Let the feast begin.
The sun can't come from inside me.
I'm not some kind of trod.
I'm so fast.
I'm not asking for this to happen.
Harry Potter!
Harry must use his powers to purge the Eagle Trance Facts.
Harry Potter and the Order of Fries.
At the moment, he's all been waiting for.
That's okay.
Everybody just calm down.
Get in P.G.
Partial regurgitation required.
1045.
I didn't see the movie.
I didn't buy the book or read the book.
I had no interest.
I couldn't care about Harry Potter.
How do you like that?
You're loving old fart.
And then again, so are you.
Right.
God, you look cool.
That's scary.
When you haven't seen somebody in a while,
and you've seen for the first time in a while,
you're looking to see the...
And this isn't even seen.
This is just a picture.
You look that bad in a picture.
I can only imagine what you look like in person.
No, like health.
Good.
God.
See all these things that he's been belly-ick and in-bitching about,
his horrible home life and all this...
Oh, this is all true, man.
It's taken its toll now.
It's a good thing I'm not there to see you.
I'd probably be reduced to tears.
Probably.
Oh, Lord, George!
Oh, my God!
You look pretty old.
But anyway, you look like you're having a good time there.
Oh, yeah.
Especially Ion and Squeezing the Big Boobies.
In Pete's George Boerstead stop,
four lies and deaths is Jimmy Braslin.
I was...
I'm walking in Rosedale on this day early in the week
while I wait for the funeral of Army soldier Laurent Wilson,
who died at age 18 in Iraq.
He was 17 and a half when he had his mother, son,
his enlistment papers at the Jamaica Recruiting Office.
If she didn't eat older, he would just wait for the month to his 18th
birthday and go in anyway.
He graduated from Thomas Edison High School at noon one day in May.
He left right away for basic training.
He came home in a box last weekend.
He had a fast war.
The war was there to take his life because George Bush started it
with bull-faced lies.
He got this lovely kid killed by lying.
If Bush did this in Queens, he would be in court on Queens Boulevard
on a murder charge.
He did it in the White House and it's appropriate and mandatory
for the good of the nation and impeachment proceedings be started.
You can't live with lies.
You can't permit them to be passed on as if it's the thing to do.
Yesterday Bush didn't run the country for a couple of hours
while Ion had a cold inoscopy at the Presidential retreat
in Camp David.
He came out of it all right.
He should now take his good health and go home.
Quit a job.
He doesn't have a clue as to how to do.
The other day Bush said he couldn't understand why in the world
with some people say that millions of Americans have no health insurance.
Why all they have to do is go to the emergency room he said.
Said this with a smirk.
The insulin smog contemptuous way he speaks to the citizens.
Smirking chimp.
People, especially these politicians, these frightened beggars and suits,
seem petrified about impeachment.
It could wreck the country.
Ridiculous.
I've been around this business twice and we're all still hearing
no politician was even injured.
Richard Nixon lied during a war in help get some 58,500 Americans killed
and many escaped by hanging on the helicopter's kids.
Nixon left peacefully.
Mike Mansfield, a Montana of the Democratic Senate Majority Leader,
said on television that the Senate impeachment trial
Nixon would be televised and there would be no immunity.
Then, Nixon would have to face the country under oath and if he lied,
he'd go to prison.
He knew he was finished as he heard this.
Mansfield said no more.
He got off and left.
Barbara Walters on the Venetian show said he isn't savoury much doesy.
The second time the Senate was built Clinton for illegal holding in the hallway.
This time we have dead bodies involved.
Consider what's accomplished by the simple power of the word impeachment.
If you read these broken down newswriters or terrified politicians claiming
that impeachment would leave the nation in pieces, don't give a moment to them.
It opens with the anointing of a appointing and anointing of an investigator
who reports the White House on evidence that calls for impeachment.
He could bring witnesses forward.
That would be all you'd need.
Here in the impeachment proceedings against rich and Nixon came John Dean.
His history shows how far down the honesty in honor of this country is gone.
Dean was the White House counsel.
Rich and Nixon as worse never told him not to appear or remain silent in front of the Congress.
Dean went on and did his best to fill prisons.
After that came Alexander Butterfield and nobody.
All he had to say was the White House had a taping system that caught all the conversations
in the White House.
Any of them not on tape were raised by a participant.
The same is desperately needed now.
Curious following the words in a investigator, the mind hears these George Mitchell and Warren Rubman.
You name me better.
Can slap a hand on the slitherers and sneak through captives at war for five and a half years
and who use failing generals to beg for more time and more lives of our young.
A final word in September, two years more than generals and worse people say.
Say impeachment and you'll get our troops home.
As I'm walking in Rosedale on these streets sparkling with sun,
I remember the places I've been in the cold rain for the deaths of our young in this war.
Rosedale now washed in heights before in the South Bronx and Bayshore and Hope Hogg.
How you say that?
And too many other places around here.
How do you say that?
H-A-U-P-P-A-U-G-E?
H-A-P-A-U-G-E.
H-A-P-A-U-G-E.
Who get out of here?
And in Washington we had this bush and it's impossible to have anyone who's this dumb running anything
smirking at his country.
He sure doesn't mind copying those people.
On his PBS television show the other night, Bill Morris said he was amazed at Sir Retailer of the White House staff
saying that she didn't have to talk for a congressional committee because George Bush ordered her not to.
I took an oath to uphold the presence, he said.
That president had been in charge of a government that kidnapped, tortured, lied, intercepted mail and calls,
all the name of opposing people who are willing to kill themselves right in front of you.
You have to get rid of a government like this. Ask anybody in Rosedale where the Ron Wilson wanted to live his young life.
His grave speaks out of this as an impeachable offense.
That's what Jimmy Brezzlin says. Hope Hage?
Is that long now?
I don't know.
One of those I don't know.
You have to be from New York to know what that line is and people are saying, oh, you're always said that whole.
Like I really care, okay? Like I really give a crap?
Because tomorrow's payday.
Payday is more than just a candy bar. Keep that in mind, fat jolly joe.
It's more than just a candy bar payday.
And if it doesn't show up through the year tomorrow, I'm going to be on Mayday.
When we something, if I didn't show up at all on Thursday, if that check, it'll be there.
That's because Deb is back and accounting.
It's supposed to whoever that incompetent was last time that was filling in.
There's nothing worse than bad to fill in.
In.
949 on the pool and I'm really PO, man. That's Sanford and Son.
What is that all about?
Now you're trying to explain to me before the show today.
Maybe you can explain to our vast audience what that's all about.
If you don't know, it was written on the water.
There was nobody in their right mind want to live there because they're stupid ass brits.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
It was low brow, yet it was funny.
It wasn't funny.
Sanford and Son?
A lot of things in the world are funny and you don't think so.
Yeah.
And a lot about the Jefferson.
That's one of the funny.
It wasn't a hundred times.
I like the Sanford and Son will ever be.
So, no, not a hundred times.
Better show.
Maybe funnier, a little bit.
A little while ago you said you liked it much better than Sanford and Son.
I don't know.
I said a little bit.
A little bit less than that.
I said, look 400 years old now you're turning.
I said, wait, trust.
But it's the first quarter's time.
I never thought it was funny for a second.
Oh, you're starting to sound a little weasy to me now.
Which would rather be queasy or weasy.
Every character on that show was great.
Now, who just died?
Which one just died?
It was the husband, the white couple upstairs, whatever the name was.
Was it him?
I think so.
Yeah, the willess.
Or was it the willess.
Or was it her?
Ross.
Whatever her name was.
And what son did she sing?
What the...
That one, the theme song there.
Or was she saying that?
Oh yeah.
Do the love of the world.
Do the love of the world.
Do the love of the world.
That's Roxy Bernstein.
Do the love of the world.
I mean, I know he had a high-pitched squeaky voice.
But I don't know about that.
Roxy, Foxy, Bernstein.
If you have a bad voice, come to QA and Will Hire you.
We'll put you on a ear, baby.
We'll give you your own show.
And if you're really a dumb dollar, especially if you want to wear a jockstrap,
we'll give you a little build a statue in front of the building.
950 votes on the pool.
And Mowisha and Malcolm and Eddie still got the big...
Oh!
Nothing.
Mowisha.
Mowisha at my ass.
It's strictly a one-horse race.
How are we going to say a two-horse race?
They can't all be really great like that.
How did that turn out that pool?
Because you did the show the following day.
The one with Sid the Kid and the Hank and the most obnoxious.
Oh, I don't know.
I think Hank won.
I'm not sure.
And Mr. Ego.
Steve Kane, Mr. Ego.
You can look through the previous polls.
You can keep going back?
Yeah, I think so.
No.
Or Eric can get them back.
Yes, you can.
No, you can't.
You can't.
You can't go to history.
Yeah, that's the history.
Oh, well, you can't keep...
You can't go back to view previous and only goes one back.
Don't be giving me bad information, okay?
Well, here's one.
Should QM renew Mow's contract.
That's a little late now, I guess.
Now it's never too late.
The most obnoxious there is $290.
I'll give you the total.
Hank Goldberg 280.
The Humper won a 280.
Sid the Kid.
Sid the Iid had $251.
And Mr. Ego, $250.
Boy, the raid, the battle for a second, was neck and neck nose to nose, man.
It was tight.
It was really, really tight.
Out of $1541 vote, the second place separated by Solomon Théuno.
But the Humper, he...
He'd been in pretty handling $280 to $251 and $250.
Dan LaVagia, if you can give it a shot, $166.
And George came in a commendable fourth with $129.
Castor overpassed me like I was laying flat out with 97.
He was a late addition.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
He was a late addition.
They still passed me 97.
They hate you, Paul.
They like my material the first time, but they don't like it the second time on your
bird out old, especially when you're on 15 hours a day and not five minutes of it is worth
to be on in the first place.
Paulie, I had 96 run on Paul's ass.
And Gildi was right on my ass 94.
Oh, that's bad.
Especially with all those things I've heard about him.
Gildi with 94.
Boy, they turned on him like a rat once he left, once he departed him on the cross the street.
I think he's on right now.
Gildi, all you Gildi fans, turn over to $790.
The Gildi monster.
He's on there right now.
Probably a lot of hockey talk.
Hey, the Panthers, the Panthers.
They're going to win their Stanley Cup, the Panthers.
Any interest in the Panthers?
No.
I mean, when John McGeezer is the only one that makes the list of the top 75,000 influential sports people in Florida history, then you know when he'll be on the list.
Mel, what?
Mel, he's on that list.
He is on the list?
Yeah.
Well, how can I miss that?
Well, let me look at it again.
There's a story about Jim Nogel again.
I better read it so that they make sure they put him on a morning show one more time to see what his homophobia and hatred, which is what the both campers all about.
Where are you looking?
How many votes does he got?
He was near the bottom.
I'm going back to the page now.
Scott Mullenby is on there.
I don't see him at all.
Give me one second.
Because Luis Croco is as far down the list as my thing printed out.
She's got 9.9.
Scott Mullenby, 18 votes.
18 votes?
Oh, there he is.
Yeah.
Sorry, I lied.
Sorry.
But I mean, what's 18 votes anyway?
And Pavel Burritoen have any?
He's not down the list?
I mean, let me ask you this question.
What did he do while he was here other than score 50 goals?
Twice.
Okay.
He was great though.
That was the most exciting season.
Even though, well, other than the rats and the Santa Cup final.
But other than that, that was the most exciting season by far in the new building.
I'll send you that by far.
Boy, you can say other than that.
Other than that, what?
Other than the year of the rat.
Oh, what do you know about hockey?
Have you ever been to a hockey game?
Yes, I've been to a couple.
Couple.
Wow.
There's the expert.
Yeah, remember, I'm making five bucks an hour or so.
You could give all the free tickets you won.
From here?
Yeah.
Not when we had him back then, no.
What are you talking about back then?
Like the team isn't still there?
What do you be talking about, boy?
You talking crap.
And Georgia, of course, he's hanging out because you know,
and I think Georgia knows more about hockey than you do.
Yeah.
He's been to a game or two.
Have you been to a game?
Yeah, played a game or two.
No, seriously.
Have you been to a hockey game?
I've been to like five.
More than Chris.
How do you like that, see?
We love the Panthers.
Let's drop the pop.
You schmuck.
Oh, you suck.
Ten fifty-seven at five.
I'm talking to Chris, not anybody else.
But then again, what were you trying to pedal me there?
Kind of nonsense, Narskite?
Yeah, he had two good years here, but they weren't that powerful.
Well, it was the most exciting athlete to ever play any sport
in South Florida bar none.
Yeah, okay.
And that's exactly the kind of response I'd expect from a dollar note.
No wonder they're paying you forty something out.
Well, thank you for the start.
You've got to be right back to your old kissing my ass attitude
and maybe they might pay a fiddle.
But I don't.
No, actually they call you a fireman.
Yeah, that's true.
If you like me too much, that's why he turned on me.
I saw what happened to Miguel and now he's turned.
Now he's warned him from the beginning.
Yeah, this is the Neil Roger show.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Any questions?
46% of the American people hold what bush and peace?
I think it's time.
If what's in this is the year,
all of the lives of being used to keep us deep in this.
Terrace.
We seem to know that they should be locked up.
Cause we are seeing our text on the filter while it's done.
58% what's changing of people.
There is torture spying in our constitution has been shred.
Maybe Congress would react if an intern gave them head.
It's time.
Do and he see they hold.
In the hot time.
Why not and he sees they hold.
Those weapons of mass destruction got to be somewhere.
Nope, no weapons over there.
I made a serious mistake.
In the deal of the partners in the sky.
Who will belong now?
Even the theme.
Is there any comparison between the two theme songs?
Yeah, the sad word in some theme is much better.
Ah!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Anyway, so one of our regular emailers here on my space is Michael Savage and I'll send a show to the plants to move to South Florida.
Good place for him.
So now we'll have to be home to Savage and draw, you hate each other.
Coder and limbo, all right wing hypocrites, no.
Also last week on Miss Fudge's National Radio Show.
Some red-knit criminal callicole up and start to sing as your friend Nearajir says swoolery and drudge immediately kind of right off.
Your friend.
Your friend Nearajir, he ain't no friend of mine.
Self-hating queen.
With a silly hat.
But no, for the less.
My good friend, my good close personal friend Matt Fudge.
Do you ferry?
Well, I'm sure he's listening right now.
Hey, Matt, how's the hangin' sweetie?
Self-hating.
It didn't work for David Brock, it ain't gonna work for you either.
Always makin' some big bucks, you know.
Thanks for Richard Mellon's escape in the right wing illuminate.
He's makin' some big bucks.
970 votes on our poll.
This all would go over a thousand.
There's Michael Vic.
What a dog.
Hey dog, what's up dog?
While it's for the criminal justice system to determine your killed innocence,
it's my responsibility as commissioner of the NFL to determine whether your conduct Roger Goodell,
the NFL commissioner who says, whether your conduct, come on,
you can show the next page, even if not criminal nonetheless violated league policies,
including the personal conduct policies.
Is there any question his ass should be out right now?
Am I right about that?
Chris or not?
Yes.
When a dog throws ass a dog fight my ass.
Piece of turd.
San Fritten's son, 324 man.
And who the hell is Roger Goodell?
Whatever happened to Paul Tagby?
He's been tired?
Did he really?
Yes.
Retired.
And I guess he did.
I'll tell you what, we tears that Tony here son, CNN boy.
Oh my god, and there's Paul Rodd, David Stern from the NBA.
All these sports things now, the big referee scandal.
You don't think that he was fixing the calls, is it?
Because he was betting on the games, do you?
Of course he was.
And all the thing with the Roads, isn't this the week that Barry Barnes is going to break Hank Ehrin's record?
I'm pretty sure, isn't this the week?
Yeah, probably possibly.
Oh no.
And then of course, if you're not rooting for him, then you're erased just even though Hank Ehrin was,
I think just as black and maybe even a little bit blacker than Barry Barnes,
but you're erased just if you're not pulling for Barry.
Barry, which rhymes with...
You're fairie.
Sanford and Sunt 324, favorite TVA black series.
The Jefferson's only 154.
About half.
Not even.
And that's because of that good theme I guess, right George?
That's right.
Must have been the good theme because it sure wasn't because of the show.
Amy was sitting at the 87th.
Oh yeah.
The Cosby Show 65.
Is he still...
He's not still doing them a jello pudding spot, does he?
Will Cosby?
I don't know.
No.
In living color 61, good time 61 with a great theme song that George hates like for his because...
I'm not sure if it's the first time you have that taste from the first note.
Anytime.
No.
No.
Roodle.
You're kind of a business professor, right?
Keeping your head up above water, man. What's wrong with that?
What's the keep their head under water?
Thinker Thwinn, baby. Thinker Thwinn.
Good time 61.
Fresh Prince of Bel Air 43 with Will Smith.
The Williams Brothers 26, Damon and...
Woishi and who the other one?
Who the other Damon, way, Williams Brothers?
Who's the one that was in Requiem for a dream?
Marlon.
Marlon Brando?
Yes.
Marlon, wayans?
Yes.
I'll be damned. He was good.
Yes.
Everybody was good in there.
You'd better see that if you really, unless you're like prone to do a lot of drugs, don't watch that movie.
I may watch it again this week.
I think I'm going to start doing drugs.
Different strokes 22, fat Albert 19.
What's happened in 17?
Roots 15, the Bernie Mac show 14.
Martin 11.
Now Martin, to me, don't sound like a black show or a black guy or black anybody.
Trust me.
Was black?
Yeah.
Family matter is 11.
Living single eight, a different world six.
227, five.
What's 227?
I don't know.
That was Martha Gibbs and...
Martha Gibbs?
Yeah, and I forgot the...
Jack Hay.
Oh.
The Sinbad show five, that explains it.
Rock five.
Hang in with Mr. Cooper 3.
Hang in.
Just hang in.
Isn't that what Sodom said?
What are you doing over there, Sodom?
I'm just hanging.
Amen to what's happened in now one.
The Steve Harvey show one.
The Parker is one.
The parent Hood one.
The Jamie five show one in the house one.
Let's take it to the house.
And Moishie and none and Malcolm and he's still got none.
I've almost 1,000 votes.
We got 9.74.
We got 1,000 made easy.
That should be a listen to you.
You're just put the 9.82.
Oh, this half hour we're going over 1,000 now.
Aren't you impressed?
No.
That's pretend you were okay.
I'll send you to 100 bucks.
If you know what I'm saying, send me to here.
There we go.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Well, Josh Curtis didn't seem to at least be concerned about the fact that you were pawned
and clung over his rough and rough.
I wouldn't be if I were him neither.
Why not?
Because that one night, that's like all the time for him.
I mean, maybe not quite as spectacular, but nevertheless.
Yeah, that's true.
That's what he's got at home.
He's got access to that ass.
That's right.
That's true.
That's a good point.
In fact, all these people are going to get all excited about, wow, so and so cheated on.
Yeah, well, what's everything that's going to make him walk everybody's cheating?
Everybody's cheating whenever the hell they can.
And those who are those who say they aren't their lion.
That Eddie Murphy said those.
And those who aren't really want to.
They would love to.
But oh, well, you know, they're, you know, why they don't because they're afraid they're going to get caught.
That's not what it is.
No, what is it?
They don't have the opportunity.
But if they didn't have the opportunity, like, but maybe Lindsey Lohan.
Because she's always in the mood, I guess.
Wait till you hear this.
This is going to just, I don't know.
I just want to get on the floor and make good, well, sounds.
I want to cry like a baby.
Americans support the US invasion of Iraq and slightly higher numbers than previously.
This is a brand new poll on them.
In fact, the ink is still wet on here.
But the majority say the war is going badly and that the US troops should be withdrawn or scaled back.
Quinto will pull release today.
42% of US voters said that in retrospect, military action in Iraq had been the right thing to do,
about 51% said Washington should have stayed out of Iraq.
That's a New York Times CBS news poll conducted over the weekend.
I mean, how come it ate 99% saying, are you crazy or what?
Why are you even asking this?
51% we should have stayed out and 42% had been the right thing to do.
Right.
Support for the invasion hit its lowest point in May with only 35% approving of 61 against.
The poll also found that the number of people who say the war is going very badly had declined from 45 down to 35%.
29% now say the war is going somewhat well compared with 23% last week.
It has somewhat well.
But how's your terminal cancer going?
Oh, somewhat well.
However, two-thirds majority continue to say the war is going badly and that the US should reduce the level of US forces in Iraq
and withdraw troops.
Bush is approval rating by the way is done at 25%.
25%
Yeah.
55% said they trusted Democratic lawmakers on Iraq compared to 32% said they trust Bush.
As to the president was willing enough to change policies on Iraq nearly 8 in 10, 80% said no.
No.
A majority of those polls said he was too inflexible on Iraq including 55% of his own Republican party.
His approval rating is down to 25%.
That means 3.75% of the public says, oh you've there.
This is a president.
You know what that means?
That means he's a president like I'm a president.
That's what the Chinese say.
I just got.
That little surprise for you, son.
No, no, no, no, dad!
Oh, you got it, King.
Just only think you know what's right and what's wrong.
Think again.
On July 4th, CreamWorks Pictures presents the summer blackbuster.
What you're about to see is totally classified.
Oh, my God.
What is this?
It's transgender.
Who gives back home to me?
It's not casting contempt to his tone.
It means you know everything because you're a man and I know nothing because I'm a woman.
Some come here to destroy us.
Most come here to give us fashion advice.
I say great pleasure in reaching out and touching it's many straight men as I possibly can to transgender.
Co-starring, Carson Chris, they thought how can I reach out and touch as many guys as possible without going to jail?
And Nathan Wayne.
I was in the horrible ones.
No, look at me.
I'm just so mad.
It's secure, miserable, insane.
Transgenders, this film has been rated as for scrumptious.
You call that a penis?
It's 1117 at 560 W.A.
And guess who's going to be on CNN to start to discuss the referee betting fixing NBA scandal.
Guess who's going to be on?
I don't know.
Hey, Cream, a blue bar.
At the pool.
Jabbar.
Aren't you excited about that?
Even you know that is because you're so airplane.
That's right.
Cream?
I've got to be serious.
I've got to be serious.
Especially movie too.
Was he really?
I think he was.
Yeah, I believe so.
990 votes on the pool.
Tim Donahue accused of betting on games that he officiated.
And we know that just because he had a huge bet and his mortgage was hanging in the balance and his entire life,
he probably wouldn't make like, oh, that's a foul.
Even though it was a phantom call, you know.
He's accused of betting on games that he officiated.
Boy, they're going to hang his ass maybe like Tom Dooley.
Hang down your head, Tom Dooley.
And guess what?
Out of 992 votes.
This segment we're going to go over 1000.
Chris.
All right.
So what's the food today?
How is it again?
Yes.
Well, it's not that we don't appreciate.
How is it very much?
But it's going to be a little one-dimensional except on Thursdays when you guys get the good stuff from, you know,
when we mix it up, we get the other stuff from another day's to.
Like, what's your name?
We'd say the good stuff.
What's your name?
It's a good one.
Weaver.
Well, how could I forget that?
That's not a good sign.
That's a good sign.
That's the first time of old timers.
And I'll say another sign of old timers when you look like you doing that picture.
If I was you, I wouldn't have put that picture on there.
People are going to think you're old.
I am.
And then they'll buy you a discrepable.
Oh, see that's QAM.
I'll say that's QAM.
That's QAM.
That's QAM.
The old people station.
As opposed to across the street where they're also young.
Anyway, this is a week we got Joseph's on the Water and Hell in the Elbeath.
Don't let me forget to give everybody the directions on Thursday when we talk about that.
Because you can't see it like from the street.
It's one of those hard to find places.
But obviously, it must really be great because if they're still around you can't see it from the street.
People are going out of their way to find it.
I remember it was like Burton Jax.
It was a great thing until the terrorism.
Right.
That's right.
And people go out of their way.
I know I go out of my way to find it.
Right.
Oh, there's the U.
Q debate.
I don't want to debate.
I don't want to.
And you want to know one of the main reasons I didn't watch it beside the fact that I already made up my mind.
And I don't want to see Swarrett.
Is Anderson Pupar was on there?
I don't want to see Anderson's Pupar or any other part of him.
Another part of Americana Gon Sauer, baby gone really bad.
Mediocrity.
It's the name of the game.
And how mediocre can you be?
Anderson's Pupar.
Well, there's those pro bastards in Britain and walking around like silly people in their shorts.
I wonder if the Queen is, I wonder if she's in the deep in water, you think?
No.
I have my doubts.
I don't know if she was like, you know, head deep in water.
What if a great of that a big flood of Buckingham Palace?
That would be.
997 votes.
When I clicked that baby again, we're going to have at least a thousand christen.
Then they will fear us.
Then I mentioned that the Godfather is on 8 million times.
What's the reason for that?
Well, the reason for it is because it's so great that it lasts forever.
Sure.
They can do that once a month and people would still watch.
I know I did.
I wanted to hold first one again.
And the second one again.
But you know something?
And I know you'll probably disagree and a lot of other people would disagree.
The second one doesn't even come close to the first.
There are some people saying Godfather too is better than the Godfather.
To which I, you know what I would say?
I would look them straight in the eye and say you're full of crap.
That's right.
Are you agree?
Yes, I do.
I mean, how did they come up with this kind of fine ride?
Hold it out of their eyes.
Is that what it is?
I do like the part where what's his name is changing the light bulb.
Done.
Produced?
Done for nootchi.
Never again.
The black hand.
Which ties right into our pole today?
Most of the people in the show's head at least the black hand.
900.
And maybe they had two black hands.
999.
The next vote's going to be 1000, baby.
All right.
Maybe you folks out there, one of you will be the one to cast in.
And the George Hand the money he'd send you a check for a million bucks.
In fact, he still likes it and you won't be any good.
Yeah.
You could frame it.
I'll send it.
I'll be willing.
1000.
We got 1000.
Very good.
Boy, all of a sudden it came out of nowhere.
From his sleepy coma.
From all that.
How is this morning?
Anyway, I started to say before I interrupted myself.
We got food coming from Josephson Thursday.
I'm sure you do.
Yeah, we do.
I hope so.
Well, good.
Sounds like a really good place.
I guess it does.
What was your favorite black TV series from the past?
Maybe we ought to have a show about controversial collars from the past.
You know, it's just, it's just, I know.
Yeah.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Yes, Mr. Roger.
There he is.
It just thought I mean how much out one of the many reasons why life is so good lately.
And it is I'm not hearing from those people.
I crowd them people.
Sanford and some 335 more than double the Jefferson's 157.
Not even close.
They love Sanford and the Sun because it's for George set a show for dummies.
You know what you said?
Yeah, that's what I said.
You said low brow.
Low brow.
Low brow.
It was low brow.
As opposed to it was probably high brow.
Low brow can be funny, but that show just was an exception.
But they liked it.
Yeah.
Well, that's what we were asking today.
You like it?
And they said, yeah, we liked it a lot.
A lot more than that stupid-ass Jefferson.
I think they're just doing that to piss me off.
Because they know how much I love the Jefferson's.
It was a great show.
Not a good show.
Great show.
Or there's that guy with a gambling problem.
Bill Bennett on CNN.
Yeah, he's a good one to have on there.
Fony baloney.
Hey, Bill, who you betting on for the debate?
The Jefferson's 157 a week second place.
And then it's way on down to Amos and Andy 89.
And that's a joke.
You people with no Amos from Andy.
And you know what?
You know famous Amos.
Remember him?
He got them good cookies.
Yes, he does.
Oh boy.
You can't eat only a dozen of those.
That's another reason I keep telling you people,
don't get really super fat and don't become that better.
Because then you can't eat all that good stuff.
And of course, if you're not that better,
you can do eat all that good stuff.
You'll become that better anyway.
So don't eat it.
Although a bag of famous Amos chocolate chip cookies,
man, sounds like, look at John Edwards there,
with that staring at the American flag.
Like, what's that?
He is such a drooling ye who, you know,
is that okay if I say that?
He's a drooling ye who I don't like him.
Didn't he do a lot of good for a John Kerry on the ticket?
Not.
Not any help when the Carolina is nothing to be fined, not.
No.
I wouldn't blame him though.
He's what you want?
I said, I don't blame him though.
You believe in John Kerry?
Yes, go, yeah.
Ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing, ruffing.
Maybe he likes them waffles.
Maybe he likes them with poisonberry sauce on them.
I don't know.
Too bad we still don't have the international house of flakes.
So they still try to make a comeback for the eight-hundredth time or watch.
I don't know.
Because that was a long good thing about that place.
The food suck before I attended it.
I sure had a lot of different flavors of syrup.
All those different little decanters of syrup.
And that would you call them?
You can call them that, that's accurate.
What were you called?
Pitcher.
All in little pictures.
I rather have the real thing, just a picture of syrup.
Oh, they're sworey.
I know a lot of you folks out there think that she's the greatest things in sliced bread.
Based on what?
Based on the fact we liked her husband a lot?
Now.
I oppose this war from the start.
Because I anticipated...
There's your next president I hope.
The creating the kind of sectarian violence that we've seen.
And that it would distract us from the war on terror.
See, they're going to know there's...
Oh, there's Alex.
Little Dennis, because Democrats have failed the American people.
That's right, Dennis.
Let's stick it to him, baby.
And let's see, they chopped him off right there in mid-sens.
Oh, how sad.
Amos and Andy 89.
The Cosby Show 72 in living color 67.
And that was a good move by you adding that on there.
Because I forgot all about it.
And what color was that in living color?
Black.
Black?
Well, you don't have to whisper.
You can say black.
Just don't say cool because if you say color, go.
Oh, I can't believe I've got you in asked tomorrow.
Good time 63, first principal air 43, the Williams Brothers 26,
different strokes 23, fan Albert 19.
What's happened in 17?
Roots 17.
The Bernie Mac Show 15, never saw it.
I saw Freddie Mac.
Martin 11, family matters 11, living single eight,
a different world.
Am I reading these two off?
And I think, yeah, but it kills him really good time.
Different world 6, 227 has five.
The same bad show five, rock five.
Is that what he's in rock Hudson?
Hangover with Mr. Cooper III sent me straight to the Cooper.
Amen to what's happened in now one, the Steve Harvey Show,
one, the Parker's one, the parent hood one.
Malcolm and Eddie Eddie, he finally got a vote.
The James Jamie Fox show one in the house one,
and poor Moesha out of nine, a thousand 15 votes,
and poor Moesha can't get none.
That's really embarrassing.
And that's the only one left Moesha.
And probably because this audience don't like that name.
Hey, Moesha.
That's a bad name when you agree with that.
The worst name.
Is it the worst name?
Well, the actresses' real name is Brandy.
What's wrong with that for a name first show?
Brandy.
I'm not Brandy.
Just fine. Brandy was a fine girl.
No, no, no, let's get it wet up a little bit.
Make sure we alienate all the white audience.
That's right.
Let's make sure we create a really ugly, nasty,
stereotype that white people run away from them.
They won't watch.
For you for money.
Putting America into its Paul Harvey.
Standby for news.
John comes home from work feeling bad about the day's activities.
He lays down on the couch and ponders his actions.
I'll say it again.
He lays down on the couch and ponders his actions.
Like most of us, his conscience has two voices.
That of his good moral side and that of his mischievous side.
While staring at the ceiling a voice in John's head says,
Hey, don't worry about it.
A lot of doctors have sex with their patients.
He tosses and turns in reflection of his actions.
Again, the voice says, don't worry about it.
A lot of doctors have sex with their patients.
Feeling somewhat relieved, John begins to relax
and feel better about himself.
At which time another voice in his head says,
You're a veterinarian.
Paul Harvey.
Oi!
Good day.
Let me thirty two at five, sixty two at two and that's going to cube.
Not hysterical, I'll fall down the floor but then again.
The only bit we got left there, we can fall down in the floor is,
but I'm sure I'll play that, oh no way.
Not after getting a tune out from you guys.
Or it's played a tough game,
it shouldn't even, it shouldn't even grand en route.
I'm getting really tired of that.
Even my close personal buddies on my face and your face.
Don't wanna hear that, no, Mo.
If somebody please vote for Mo, make sure I feel bad.
I mean, I have no idea what that show is, or anything about it.
But have it only you've seen it, huh?
No, I know of it.
They show problems, they're all the shows of it.
You know when you watch TV, they show it.
That's like the sun have you ever seen the sun? Well, I know of it though. I've never seen it
Have you ever seen a show promo they put shows and you really say Chris? Have you ever seen a show?
Oh no, no, you said a promo show, you know, comma. Yeah, they have promos on all these shows and then you see the promo when you realize
Right. Hey look that's not for me and
Then you know how to show but you've never seen the show you say that's right
Well, you're gonna give Moisha a chance
So it's no, she's long gone anyway. Obviously they're inviting me away not to watch you so I'll be the
I get one that they don't really like to show but you know
They don't want to be accused of some kind of racist the feelings or something
Machine got no votes. We got 10 30 on there 103 like WBC in Boston. How about you never heard WBC didn't you?
no
I
I
Don't think I can continue what about you Chris? You're here WBC in Boston
A black longshore I'm gonna gay activists in the rabbi may walk into a bar together in Fort Lauderdale
The night says the hero this isn't the opening of a bad joke
But in effort to celebrate the city's diversity and the broadened criticism of Fort Lauderdale mayor Jim Noville
Don't call me a Nazi novel
even though I am
Though the outspoken Democratic mayor's offended gays minorities and the poor and environmentalists for years his latest comments about the gay community of
Spark much larger public outcry and an infusion of cash
Those comments and food to suggestions buying a $250,000 single occupancy toilet for the beach will cut down on gay sex in larger public bathrooms
He also voted against moving the Stonewall library and actually recognize collection of gay and lesbian literature in a way city building
Gay activists have organized around the outside Fort Lauderdale city hall the second eight days and includes a variety of local and
National speakers our community is coming together to speak out against bigotry in all of its forms that organizer Wamen Hudson
Wamen W.A.Y. M.O.N. Wamen everybody works Wamen
That's a bad show that is such a bad show. Oh God is that a bad show?
The campaign organized by gay activists is W.U.N.
Fort Lauderdale is drawn national attention but more than 200 local residents and businesses have raised about 10 grand to pay for the rally including full page
Newf paper ads and airplane banner at lots of buttons and t-shirts Hudson said
Species will start at 430 that's the San Faduna I guess yes and participants will gather at 630 United the Art Bar 300 Northwest
First Avenue 3 blocks from city hall at 100 North Andrews Avenue
Speakers include Matt Forman executive director of the National being allowed we don't care what the speakers are I mean give a bunch of names
I want to stand in solidarity
With the people who feel they've been mistreated by Mayor Nogel said Mike D.Pain one of the scheduled speakers
He's an NAACP official and vice president of a Fort Lauderdale local chapter of the International Longshoreman's Association you go Mike
Jim Nogel my ass bigoted lunatic okay mayor of Fort Lauderdale
He's kind of a throwback back to the day you know when they didn't want to use the Fort Lauderdale
Throwback blacks and certainly no flags I beg your pardon you get thrown back to the day. Yeah throw him back to the day
Throw him back to the Stone Age where he belongs and that's the reason they put him on a morning show
They're on our kidney and boom morning show which is soon going off the air but not soon enough because he's a homophobic wild man
So he could make a of course you heard both camper well, you know, gee
It's really a shame when you take your kids or your nephew into a public restroom and there's two guys doing the stuff in there
Never seen it baby never seen it in a public restroom George never seen it Chris never seen it Josh Curtis never seen it and
Probably both camper never seen it either. He probably shot in a locker room during his football days, you know
That's probably when you see it guys grabbing on to each other as a handle can I handle that for you know like that?
That's probably when he's seen it guys dropping the soap real bad in the shower over that's before the days of body wash
Bride away. I just thought I would mention that and
One reason that a lot of you guys continue very stubbornly to hang on to that soap so to speak
There's a little play on words for you is because of the fact that you it's not so easy to wrap the body wash
I mean, you know the bottle I guess and get slippery if we're clumsy, but even a even a lumox like me. I have never dropped a body wash
But you like that
No, be either then somebody voted for me. We should thank you so much everybody's got a vote
See I like I like to make it fair, you know
And there's that Tony here is again. I'm gonna. Oh, there's Karim Abdul Jibbar. I don't look a day over a hundred look at that
He looks bad
What's that?
Day older in mr. Donnie hasn't said anything and
We're still very much in the dark. I know I am. Yeah, so he said something about being in the dark
You know, I said a little play on words there. That's a racial thing
And if that was Karim Abdul Jibbar said it by the way we're both still dark is what he said at the Tony Harris and either one of them is very dark
Oh, I'll tell you one thing I'd rather have even though we don't speak very well
I'd rather have Karim on there all the time than have Tony Harris. Oh
Look at him look at him emoting on he hasn't turned himself. Oh God. He needs to be bitch slapped is what he needs right now
Go up there to Atlanta and slap him around George
No
No
1037 on the pool now Eric are you paying any a time?
Sure you're not because you don't care about the pool anyway like I do I really care about it. It's close to my heart
We guess what I got such bad heartburn
But are you paying attention? This required votes per minute to get to a goal thing? No, oh
Why not?
That's because your goal is to get to like 300. I'm like always to get to two o'clock
He's just like me all he cares about is when does he get off the air and
That's right. I think I get off that's right and when his payday payday tomorrow by the way
I just thought I mentioned that in case anybody in the county is listening that check damn well better be there today
Because it's supposed to be the day early otherwise fat ass jolly joined got no story
That's his story where I'm concerned as he gets me pay-day early
That's his claim to fame
And then again sometimes you know once in a while a day late just to even it out you know they don't want to overdo it
They don't want to make it seem like they actually like me or anybody connected with this show
Which is why they're paying you with their paying and why Chris is like on food stamps
You know something or maybe not to be a bad idea if you had to go on food stamps you might lose some weight, you know
Okay
We need a half a vote of matter to get to 1100 half a vote of matter. How do you get a half a vote?
We need 1.2 a minute to get to 1200
See I don't really care about setting that goal thing the goal we have this week for my spaces to get to 1500 friends
And we have 1497 you think we can do that maybe I let you handle that tomorrow because I noticed there are all kinds of new friend requests
With you on her yesterday and probably because they looked at those pictures of you and and what's your name?
So that lot of there the Russian numeral with the big boobs
Yeah, you think that might have some do they had a whole bunch of new and by the way, Al Rogers
We don't want you as one of them. Okay go away and do it soon
Tarters looking for a miracle the former president is trying to push push in Bosnia
Yes, does this in japan Seattle, but I'm not really and it's weird
I miss just being able to go on a scene just see myself
I miss San Jaya man. I thought that guy was pretty
I don't miss moving a clay for them. I'm only stupid
Your fairies hair was bigger than over there. I was big as fan
I miss San Jaya though it doesn't make much sense although you went so far and I don't tell me and you pay the rent your mom is high
I'll take a burger and some fries
by
elujah
You're sensing a key
Go to school with a degree
Your sister's private parts we all did see
Raccoon
You won't record
You'll only buy CDs
You'll only buy CDs
Second child
We saw a sister's private part
I don't recall doing that
I didn't see him. Did you see him Chris?
Oh no. What does that mean? What is that all about?
Anyway Tracy and Kendall, we haven't seen her private parts
Although George evidently wants to because she said send me your email Tracy
But there's a reason why. I read this thing. When you just relax
God you are so uptight. Take her with her email
And I'll tell you if I do want to see her private.
She says the moment I sang the song, the Jefferson's
I don't know.
I was in the Jefferson's but anyway was Janet Dubois
So you said it was a was a boxy Bernstein. What? I don't know.
She was the neighbor Wilma Woods on good times.
Oh. I see. Well I never watched good times.
Roxy Bernstein married her Jewish lawyer and they had a son and Lenny Krabitz
That's why I was trying to think of Roxy Roxy
Lenny Krabitz is their her son. Well I wouldn't brag about that.
And it says George please tell me how to download or buy the Rock-A-Bi music
You played yesterday. Rock-A-Bi music?
Yeah it's called Rock-A-Bi Baby. It's on Amazon.
It was at my jury list. Rock-A-Bi your baby with a Dixie melody.
Was that it? Rock-A-Bi Baby.
Explanation Mark, if you put that into the Amazon search engine
or search Amazon for it or any other music outlet
but you'll get it by artist. There's a one for each artist.
The album for each artist.
I appreciate it. The size there is.
It's the size there is. It wants to use it during Hermesire's sessions.
The music rock-A-Bi. Now you played that yesterday?
I mean snippets of it like this here.
I'm playing the stuff that you would recognize because all of the other bands are good.
You don't like them.
Right.
It's Baby Music for babies.
It's the old Baby Music for Baby B, a music outlet.
Yeah.
First step on a Baby B.
Popular tunes done through a lullaby music.
Oh my god. It's time to put the audience into a coma.
I wasn't playing these songs.
Oh you can let me go.
I like that.
It might like life and death a little bit while I'm reading these very important bent times stories.
Oh if they are bedtime stories, that's not music.
That's right. Put everybody to sleep.
Put them into a coma as opposed to...
Yeah.
Sterling them out of their slumber.
It's a dog-day-sad-you-living.
You know what he wants to be started.
Or some squeaky, screechy sound coming out of their aradio.
That's right.
Or that.
Or like that.
Or even worse.
Now what is that?
What did you tell me that came from because I'd like you to send it back.
That is so.
That even makes sense.
Dole, I have something to say.
Why?
I stole it.
You stole it?
Yeah.
Michael Martin went through a hassle trying to fly out of four-large day originally because his name was on a no-fly list.
Rather than protest with thirties, he nervously turned to his mom for comfort.
He thought he did something wrong.
His mother, Christa Martin, 36th of whole spring said, you know how old he is?
107.
And the picture of him here, he doesn't look like no terrorist to me.
It looks like a seven-year-old kid.
Michael Martin is only seven years old, a typical youngster who enjoys skateboarding and playing drums.
Because he shares the name with a known or suspected terrorist, he's right into roadblocks three times before boarding an airliner, Christa Martin said.
And that's such an unusual name, you know, Michael Martin.
Like Steven Schwartz or something like that.
Each time she was unable to quickly obtain a boarding pass for him online or via an airport kiosk,
she had a march to a check-in counter to sort things out, which he said was mostly inconvenience but also exasperating.
At the time she makes reservations, she said she lets the airline know her son's age, but she still ends up being denied ease of booking and boarding.
It's been happening since 9-11, she said, I just think it's kind of ridiculous to put a seven-year-old boy on no-fly list.
That's correct, Christa.
And a person in your kid's position, a eighth and no position to be made to look ridiculous.
I miss that part, I didn't see the part where the horse's head.
Again.
I'm not gonna race him though, I'm gonna put him out to stud.
Cartoon, do you think?
Cartoon.
Well, how many of you haven't heard of Wiccupob Crane in the headless horseman?
The no-fly list is compiled by the TSA, includes only people who are in a known threat to aviation said,
agency spokesman, Christaver White, that means no more suspected terrorist, not unruly passengers.
The list includes detailed information about each person on it, including law enforcement records,
the idea is to avoid confusing a real terrorist with an instant passenger.
And of course, we've seen so many real terrorists these days.
Oh, there's one over there I can tell he's got a Shimata on his head.
Just like my cab driver here.
Still Michael Martin, the child most recently ran into problems on July 3rd when his mother booked a flight on air-tran airways to Baltimore for vacation.
Well, it keeps them to go to Baltimore.
After a kiosk refused to spit out a boarding pass, she asked an airline agent if there was a problem.
She made a funny face and said, oh, he's on a no-fly list, Christa Martin said.
They looked at them and immediately realized he's a seven-year-old little kid, a little punk.
The young boy who stands three feet nine inches tall, almost as big as George in ways 55 pounds,
was then issued a boarding pass.
She said in the pass, she also said she had trouble booking, and at least one other airline.
Oh, you know what I forgot to play today?
I hope you played it yesterday in honor of your friend.
The media is sick and you brought badly.
Christa Ami-Fake croaked in the poor girl.
What's that name?
Love the letters in front desk.
Poor Carlos's other.
Oh, Jesus, Ami-Fake's dead.
Hey, Carlos, you're fairly silly, uh, a faggot you.
The TSA's is the year of trance, and soon it happened because airlines are responsible for automatically removing children from no-fly lists.
Indeed on its website, TSA.gov, the agency proclaims that placing children on such lists is a myth.
It doesn't happen, right?
The airline has the ability to, and should immediately deselect any child allegedly on a watch list,
like the TSA spokesman said,
Judy Graham Weaver, air-trans spokeswoman, said the only way an airline can clear a child is by seeing the child first.
She further continued that the TSA can only remove her ad names.
Only the TSA.
If we were to clear the reservation part of seeing the child, we'd have no way to prove we were clearing a child,
and out of the actual no-fly passenger, a terrorist.
A media? It's a text.
A petrol-able door. She's dead.
What's your way four ounces into her death there?
Yeah.
I heard that Larry is going to, Larry King is going to have her propped up in the chair of the body,
and just to have her on every night.
Because she went over so big on Larry King.
Am I right?
Uh-huh.
The reason Irish terrorist named Michael Martin was convicted in 1995 of taking part in Arizona smuggling room
that attempted to ship bomb detonators to the IRA,
according to the Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism and non-profit organization,
based in Oklahoma City, was sentenced to 16 months in a slimmer.
Whether he's the same Michael Martin on the no-fly list, federal officials won't say.
But he's obviously not the same one who's seven years old and three foot nine inches tall, and weighs 55 pounds.
In any case, the TSA has a Traveler Redress inquiry program accessible via its website.
A lot of the passengers name is on the no-fly list to fill out a form.
After the agency confirms the person is not a security threat,
he or she receives a cleared letter permitting them to travel it out for the question-wide set.
Chris DeMartin, who works for a bank, said she initially declined to use the redress program
because it appeared to be in specifically for adults.
Yesterday, she said, now she plans to build the forms of behalf of her son.
Just the same, she still fears the no-fly list problem will crop crap up again.
Apparently, this will happen with every new airline our fly, and she said,
maybe TSA has to provide more information to the airlines, the no-fly list is maintained by,
the U.S. Terrorist Screening Center, Washington, D.C., the Terrorist Screening Center,
Washington, D.C., an arm of the Department of Justice.
The list was created in December 2003, as a means to consolidate all watch lists
and allow law enforcement agencies to quickly determine if a person is a suspected terrorist
since Senator spokesman Michelle Petrovich.
I do like that.
So if you're name, if you're like two feet tall, if you're like two years old,
and you're two feet tall, you're a terrorist.
You got the wrong name, and they're going to put you on the list,
and they're going to hassle and give you all kinds of grief and crap,
because we're really hard at work, nearly most terrorists making the world a safer place in which to live.
Aren't we?
Not?
Oh yeah.
We got 1,091 votes.
1,064, where they're getting 91.
Maybe I'll pop up my glasses on, I can read it.
Oh, there it is, 1064.
But the good news is we only need three tenths of vote per minute,
the rest of the show to get to 1,100.
Chris, alright.
And we only need 1.1 a minute to get to 1,200 a day on the 24th of Dale Julio.
Wouldn't that be a feather in Chris's cap if he were one?
You don't wear a cap, do you?
Or a hat.
A hat?
Yeah, baseball hat.
That's a cap.
Well, then I guess a wear cap?
Does he wear a cap or a hat, George?
It's a baseball cap.
I mean, don't you know the difference between a cap and a hat?
It's a sharp photo.
Well, I mean, I don't know what they call them back in your time,
so you know how to make sure that.
Back in my time, they call them the same thing as they call them now.
A cap.
That's a cap.
They call them a haberdash.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, man, what a puss.
No wonder he's making 20 cent an hour.
Oh, I got it.
If you're asked real nice to Johnny Joe, maybe they'll give you a...
About 30, man.
...and I doubt it.
Yeah, once we got past that thousand really easy,
and it kind of takes the challenge out of it, right?
Right.
It's something like once we get to about 145,
it takes the challenge out of the whole deal.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my balls,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
Oh!
I back down.
Welcome back to the Kenbow No Home Ocho.
We have Jim Norville joining us a little later on.
Oh, right, man.
Praise the Lord.
He's a good and decent man.
How do you figure that?
Well, he's middle-aged and white, you know.
So he got a B.
He's the mayor for a lot of deal, right?
Something like that naughty-n-o.
Yeah, he's cleaning up for Lauderdale Sobe,
okay, for Jesus to go there.
Sure.
Homosexuality is a sin, man.
He's right there in God's playbook.
That's the sin.
We've got to get rid of the humbles to get more dates for
sport-holikers like us.
That's why he calls us here at an all-gay sport-holestation.
Look, every man has his needs.
Just because it's only men on our mind
don't make it some kind of queer or something.
At least now and then we think of a female.
Yeah.
You know?
I mean, if you need some immediate sexual satisfaction, man.
You know, like right away, can tune into us.
Sounds like he did a lot of research on this topic.
Not really.
I learned it by my mosa.
I mean, our entire morning show is based on the love of men.
A real man can show his love for men
and maybe steal a kiss from a pretty girl.
Yeah, on a park bench or something.
That's right, man.
Like, put your knees together real tight
and lean over and like just deal a kiss from a pretty girl.
I mean, women are just objects
you occasionally pay attention to when you're older.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the manly way.
I mean, like, you know, dude, I put my wife outside the house
when she has her monthly governor, you know.
This coffee.
What?
Didn't you make a coffee this morning?
Yeah, man.
Special brew.
It tastes funny.
Should be tangy.
I use an old jog strap for a string or something.
Yeah.
You know, I don't think we have the themes from any of these other shows.
We got, you know, the top two.
Thank God for that.
And we got good times and bad times.
We don't have the other ones.
Chaz.
Any of them.
We've probably got even some Andy somewhere.
I doesn't play that.
How about some of the sounds?
Do we play the soundtrack from that?
Let's just think about that.
Sure, that's it.
But he do does.
He does.
And we're not wrong with that.
My oh my.
I'm feeling so gay.
What's wrong with that thing?
How are we doing on the polar?
Chris, no, forget about it.
Okay.
I'll cut in a racks, Emir and Baghdad.
A Kushmer and Tuckas.
How do you like that?
Emir and Baghdad and Kushmer and Tuckas.
Any more activist, Cindy Sheet and on some Washington in the yesterday afternoon,
that she would challenge Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
Oh!
And the 2008 congressional election you've hosted me kick her ass.
Wimpy Nancy Pelosi.
And Pete Smith's at the table.
Bye.
Did you just take a look at these Wimps?
Harry Reid?
Take a look at him.
Nancy Pelosi.
Right or not?
The Democrats will not hold this administration accountable.
So we have to hold them accountable.
And I for one will step up to the plate and run against Nancy Pelosi.
She's going to throw a cheering crowd on Capitol Hill.
You go, Cindy.
Kick their ass.
She and brought a petition calling for the impeachment of President Bush and Vice President
and changing to the Office of Representative John Conniers.
Oh, and boy, have I got to wait a minute?
I got a story that ties with us about what a piece of crap he is.
Come to find out.
Office arrest the shame of John Conniers.
We'll get to that in a second.
A bad piece of turd.
Now this big of a piece of turd is named Omar Bat, but then again, who could be?
She and Corrine of Sheet and Conniers said that there were not enough votes to impeach the president or vice president.
So we didn't intend to hold hearings on the impeachment resolution introduced by a little Dennis Cocinatio Ohio.
Here's the article by Dave Lindor from the Smirking Chimp.
Office arrest the shame of John Conniers.
Shame on you, John.
If Rosa Parks had lived two years longer, what happened today in the halls of Congress might have killed her.
It certainly would have broken her heart, meaning yesterday.
Representative John Conniers, Venerable Member of Congress, finally chair of the House Judiciary Committee,
a man who worked with Parks and Alabama and then hired her on his staff, after he won election to Congress and Detroit,
had 48 impeachment activists yesterday, including Gold Star Families for Peace Founders Cindy Sheen,
a rec veteran against the war activist Lennox Yearwood, and until his veterans for a sanity founder, Ray McGovern,
had them arrested for conducting a sit-in in his office in the Rayburn House Office building.
You know that?
Nope.
Now you know it.
The three together with several hundred other impeachment activists who packed the forth for a hallway outside Conniers' office
had come to press Conniers to take action on impeachment and specifically to start action on House Resolution 333,
the Bill Submittedly three months ago by Dennis Cocinatio calling for the impeachment of Vice President Cheney.
And you know this 333-X halfway there.
Halfway to?
World, no, they are.
The Antichrist, baby.
After nearly an hour of talking with Conniers, a clearly angry Sheen emerged together with your Wooden MacGovern,
announced to the waiting strong in the hall that Conniers told them impeachment isn't going to happen because we don't have the votes.
She and St. Conniers had insisted the best thing was for Democrats to focus on winning big in 2008.
To allow an angry course of booze and hisses,
have a lot of carl losses doing up there to front desk because of Tammy Face.
Of course he does it all the time anyway.
To allow an angry course of booze and hisses the three went back inside Conniers' office suite,
whether we joined by some 30 other reporters and all were subsequently arrested at Conniers' request by Capitol Police who cuffed them and walked them off for booking.
Several of those who sat in refused to walk and were carried or dragged out of the Rayburn office building as the activist in the hall chanted,
Sheen Mon Conniers, Sheen Mon Conniers and arrest Bush, not the people.
It was a thoroughly disgraceful scene, wholly unworthy of a dean of the Congressional Black Caucus.
Before returning to Sydney, Judge Year a committee chairman's office in a way to rest,
Sheen publicly announced her intention to run in 2008 against Nancy Pelosi.
Yearwood was chaplain of the Air Force as the Conniers had been a mentor to him,
but he declared that now he felt betrayed and Americans needed to take back their government.
As he was led down the hall to his arrangement, the handcuffed yearwood puttedly saying,
We shall overcome.
How does that go? We shall however that goes.
How do I know how that goes?
I don't know.
I know.
Well, that's what he's saying.
This reporter, Dave Lindor, such as the subsequent one they called Conniers' press office for an explanation of his true position on impeachment,
only a few days earlier the congressman visiting the San Diego meeting on health care reform,
it told members of progressive Democrats of America,
it was time to take these two guys, version Cheney out, and to promise that it just a few more members of the House
and that they could send its bill that already has 14 co-sponsors, he would move it forward for consideration in his Judiciary Committee.
I asked how that statement squared with what he told the group of activists in his office,
these spokesmen said Conniers must have been misunderstood in San Diego.
He said that in view of Conniers' statement to Sheen and the others today,
the consentist bill was not going to go anywhere.
As impeachment activist David Swanson of African Downey Street,
Diorger said, there seems to be two John Conniers, one who in 2003 and early 2000,
while Republicans control the House was systematically making the case for impeaching the President and Vice President,
he had even submitted the bill with 39 co-sponsors, which called for a creation of a select committee
to investigate possible impeachment by impeachable crimes by the administration,
and one who submitted the wishes of the new House of Bigger Nancy Pelosi was keeping impeachment off the table.
Occasionally the former Conniers breaks out saying things such as the President needs to be taken out
whereas he put it into anti-war rally last spring, we can fire him,
but then the other Conniers comes to the fore and stands in the way of impeachment action.
Yet despite all the evidence, this time, however, was worse than just doing nothing.
The rest of impeachment activists and their forcible eviction from his office was a betrayal of people
who were doing the very kind of thing that allowed Conniers to make his way into Congress in the first place,
sitting into an action on their demands for justice.
It was, after all, citizens that helped to lead the voting rights act,
which a lot of African-American candidates like Conniers defiantly win seats in Congress.
It's becoming increasingly clear that the Democratic Party,
congressional black caucus and progressive caucus included, has become nothing but a dried-out husk,
living on old glories and devoid of any principle other than returning its elected officials to their offices,
and their perks year after year is one angry activist in the hallway remarked,
Where is today's Allard Lewinstein, or Father Drine in the RISNON?
You know, this Father Drine, and used to be in my show all the time on the phone, did you know that?
The bitch in the ear?
Yes.
Father Robert Drine, great, a great liberal priest, how do you like that?
We can always use a good priest.
It's ironic that Representative Conniers, speaking in 2005 on Democracy Now Following,
Rosa Parks death at the age of 92, said her passing is probably the end of an era.
Certainly, with his request to have Capitol Police officers enter his office,
the very office where Parks once worked as a staff member to come up with a rest-peaceful protestors
who were trying to defend the Constitution, he's made that point far more clearly than he could have expressed it in just mere words.
But as in the case of Rosa Parks and the Civil Rights Movement,
a rest-in-fives won't stop the National grassroots drive to impeach this president and vice president,
with full showing that the majority of the country now favors impeachment,
and with Conniers Pelosi and the Democratic Congress sinking deeper and deeper into this favor,
and, even as the president continues to write, it was less than constitutional crimes,
something's got to give.
After all the founders in writing impeachment in the Constitution did not say the test was
whether Congress had the votes to impeach, they wrote that if the president abused his power
or committed other high crimes in misdemeanors, bribery or treason, Congress shall impeach.
The American public has made it clear.
We want impeachment, we want the troops home.
If Congress doesn't act on these two key issues, they won't get that big win that Conniers called for in 2008.
Some members of the Democratic caucus may not even be back if they keep this up.
You go, Dave. You go, baby. How many votes have we got, Chris?
We're looking at alone. 10.79. You see, not even paying any attention.
That's what's had all the facts. And that's what's called fat and sassy in the radio pool business.
Fat and sassy. You got part of that, Lick. I'll say to that. The fat part.
10.79. See, it's kind of slowing down. I can't even want to know why?
What? I haven't got any idea. Well, once we made it to a thousand.
It's like, oh, we don't need to vote now. And especially this pool isn't that good in the first place.
Especially there's no contender. No, no contender, baby.
Sanford and Sons got it. Lick. Hands down your pantalines. All the way to unique caps.
354 for Sanford and the Jefferson. They ain't cutting it. They've got less than half.
166. Less than half. It's a blowout. And you know, it's nobody else is a contender when Amos and Andy is in third with 92 votes.
But thank God that George remembered in living color. That's all the way up to fourth. That's going to be a third.
It was good. It's got 80. It was a good show. Cutting edge. Funny, funny, funny.
Unlike Sanford and Sons, which wasn't even funny once. You don't have to say it once, once less three times.
1082 on our award when we pull, we need two tenths of vote per minute to get to 1100.
I can't get, baby. It's the sexiest Harry Potter movie ever.
Lots of brilliant. It's when Harry Potter met Sally.
Oh, Harry. Harry Potter. Once you've got home of your room, I want you to mount it.
Thank you, too, my mind. I'm going to get that. I'm a graphic type. You don't want to be sliding up in.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Oh! Oh!
When Harry Potter met Sally.
Oh! Oh, God! Oh, she needs to sort of her choir to be.
Yeah, good. 1260 and 560 already. Here in the British are annoying. Say what you will they are annoying.
There may be a few of them who aren't quite so annoying, but nevertheless I did meet one once. I told you that.
In Amsterdam. Long time ago. A non-enoying Brit.
Very unenoying. But anyway, bonds, the way to do this, what you don't care about it, I'm too bad Josh Cordeson in there because he'd be jumping up and down like Rumble Stilts can get all that out of shape.
Barry bonds former mistress at the center of the government's purge of investigation with the slugger city yesterday.
She will discuss the couple's relationship and in November issue a Playboy magazine.
The Playboy article accompanied by a nude pictorier of Kimberly Bill is scheduled to hit news stands October 1st.
The 3070 rule bill says the article will cover details of her relationship with bonds that she told a grand jury investigating the purge reallegations in 2005.
The opportunity was there I took it. She told the AP in a phone interview yesterday the photo shoot was one of the most liberating experiences of my life.
She said, naked naked is a jaybird. Now can you tell me what that means naked is a jaybird?
In fact, can you tell me what a jaybird is naked?
Now, what is it? I don't know bird. Could you hear that? Sure. Like a blue jay. Why don't they say naked one blue jay?
Bill's decision to post for a Playboy was first reported by the new George Times on his website last night.
She testified before the grand jury that bonds once told her of a steroid use in 2000 and that he implied he started taking the performance enhancing drugs and
responsible to mark requires for a suit of these single season of home run record in 1998.
He was very envious of Mark McGuire. She said from her San Jose home. He never said that was the reason but I know it was. She knows. The shadow knows.
Bill testified about that conversation as well as a relationship with bonds which lasted from 1993 to 2003.
She also said bonds gave her 80 grand in cash to buy a house, the proceeds of which allegedly came from a paid autograph session as a 30s officer investigating and is going unreported to the IRS.
Oh! Bond's lawyer Michael Reins couldn't be reached for a comment yesterday. The term of the grand jury investigating bonds steroid testimony appears to have been extended because the Giants Love Fielder's personal trainer Reins jailed.
Rick Anderson was to be released last Thursday at the end of the grand jury's term unless the term was extended.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has declined to discuss the message from George W. Bush of the U.S. President there in an impassionably so Charles.
Right. The U.S. Attorney's Office has declined to discuss the grand jury proceedings but one of Anderson's lawyers, Paul Caini, believes the term was extended.
Greg still not out she said. Bell said she hasn't been called before the grand jury again but to climb to say if she's spoken with federal investigators since, Bell's appearance of the magazine can't help the government's case against her former lover.
The Fendtler's are widely expected to argue that Bell was a woman's scorn because of bonds that's in to marry another woman during their relationship for appearance on Playboy may only add fuel to the defense's case.
Bell said the photo shoot boosted her confidence she declined to say how much Playboy was paying her.
I had more self if I had more self esteem when I was younger she said if I did I wouldn't have been caught up with such a rotten man.
How do you like that?
George Cordis a rotten man meaning very freaking fully steroid drug bonds.
Piece of third.
I just see that because he gets so I think he's got a thing for Barry.
In fact I'm sure he's Russian girlfriend told you about that his thing for Barry.
Yeah about his Barry bond in the web don't know we didn't talk about.
Chosh is a finities no.
Think again that too deeply a thousand 98 votes of our click that baby again we're going to have 1100 and then look at this we need one tenth of vote for a minute to get to 1100.
Extrapocations by what's his name up there Eric.
I know I always know when you relax.
Jesus you are a piece of work man or piece of something.
Thank you speaking of a piece of something very jackass a very.
You're fairy.
South Florida sports fantastic for.
This thing just it just it just makes me want to scream but it's so typical man of why South Florida is the first ball place that it is.
Always has been and always will be although right now I would say is more so than ever before.
What's the part of time it was like you know there was there was like some signs of life you know I mean by that.
Lucky for a lot of the album he had spring break and like you know and of course the only sign of life is South Beach which is a bunch of plastic over jewelry wearing.
Queens running around transit around speaking some of the language besides English which I don't want to say which one you know.
For all his brilliance very jackass rights Dwayne Wade couldn't crack the list all.
And how about what is each up liver word and what's he on his list.
I was like that tonight two four six seven he's right on Chrissy ever since why what have you load.
Nor could any of the men who transformed University Miami football program from more abundant to marvelous oh yeah.
Nor could any of the stars in the Marlins two world series championship teams what about what's his name is not here.
The pitcher leave on even though Elton John did a song about leave on is the one yeah.
Is that who he was singing about Emerson for the party's got 44 vote.
Where the hell's leave on.
I don't see him Scott Melonby's got 18 Geno to read as she's got 16.
Oh leave on's got 20 is just above Ray Floyd Jim Langer and Scott Melonby.
When we ask fans to choose the readers have spoken their choice for the fantastic four self-fotos sports reflect a deep appreciation for dolphins history and the money man who helped make our market major league says very major league my fat old ass very major league.
Oh my god when we ask fans to choose the people that are most in the history of some sort of sports to seem like two brainers don't show and then we're in a predictably they finished one two in the
unscientific online building sure had two thousand seven fifty seven then a boy at two thousand six twenty eight act of that no contest.
Joe Robbie third ten eighty two and Wayne hyzen to eighty four of which we no longer speak any old because they get really upset.
You're not sure about the party you heard me.
Some of the notable results of the heat had four representatives in the top ten that's because most people are bandwagoned.
You know all of a sudden now they won a championship and everybody's a big heat fan.
Wade fifth Shaq Shaq he was seven Pad Raleigh and Alonzo and it was ten.
Alonzo morning with the bad kidney are you kidding me or what is that a Joe Chris or what no that's true.
So the Saturday this went up the talks about Pat Riley in like an article talking about it they talked about Pat Riley and said go online and vote except Pat Riley wasn't one of the selectable choices.
Yeah so just you know more of the Haralds great you know computer work is what they blame.
How did he get number one because they went they went amended it and then they even added other people I guess that people like rode in and said like we had a living color to the full today because
what's his name forgot about it yeah we were out of working that Sunday with Evan Cohen and we noticed it so we were talking about on the air for about two hours and then suddenly
miraculously they updated the poll and he was on there.
Hey you people of the Harold Suck is what Chris is trying to say in a very nice way doesn't want to come around and say that.
You people of the Harold Suck especially you Barry you little silly person you silly goose you very little brown paper band.
You called in too who called in Barry Jackson didn't come on there but he said that a lot of computer glitch.
That's why I'm here on that.
Glitch rhymes with bitch and snitch and twitch Barry.
Hey Neon Barry Jackass and a lot of what you say about me is true that was that was a moment to remember I said hey you want to see what a real
sports section looks like here's the Toronto Sunbury going to corner and read it and quit and take your finger right here.
Correct don't ask.
So here's the results you want to hear the results George okay well I'm not going to give the number of votes okay I guess I'm going to give you a
little bit of what I could then would be like 230 we would be over over the sweet.
Lebanon oh two on a pole now Chris what do we need for a 1200.
According to the 14th.
We need one point one votes a minute to get to what we can do that to get to 12 and after that that's it.
No no push it too hard.
It's first time the 24th day Julio.
Complete voting results and again easy just can you imagine how many times some of the people out there must have voted hundred thirty.
Thirty hundred.
Don Shula Dan Marina one two way out of everybody else they were less than they were about 130 votes apart with
sugar getting the edge.
Joe Robbie third Wayne Heisengle fourth and Dwayne way Chrissy Everett Shack O'Neill.
Shaqquille Pat Riley Howard Smellyberger with at the stupid pipey smokes and a really crappy attitude.
Allons good morning Nick Bonacani Bob Greasy.
What a boring guy he is Larry Zonka Venus and she made it Williams as like as a team.
I mean why are they like teamed up I mean are they joined at the hip are they like what are they called people are joined at the hip.
Simon twins.
Simon twins sorry they don't join.
They don't join twin sorry they don't look oh that's right.
Yeah that's the Burmese get off so we can say that.
Okay.
Yeah the Simon is the Burmese.
Larry Zonka Venus and Serena Williams are joined at the Jimmy Johnson is right under Venus and Serena and during every minute of it.
Edwin Pope any the Pope now that that in itself is so pathetic any the Pope who is one of the worst shills I have ever I mean not that I read his calm and have it in years.
Saqt Thomas Ron Fraser you and baseball guru Jason Taylor Jennifer Rodriguez I wonder if any can George I'll check.
I'll check.
Who is Jennifer Rodriguez I don't know speed skater.
What a speed skater and she even in she came in I headed some of these like I had a Michael Irvin and Pudge and Alex Rodriguez and Don Trell run into spell Jennifer Rodriguez get out of here.
Come on.
If you walked out right now out of the corner I was very rude and 44.
And you asked any ten homeless people who hell is Jennifer Rodriguez how many you think we know who that is.
What none.
I'm sorry you right now none.
Mark it down and you in penguin none.
Jennifer Rodriguez even I never heard of her did you hear her George no you asking George.
Hey George if she was hot George I know who she was.
Is she out not really.
That's why 27 past noon a QF they have a heart or a liver.
A ticket 790 radio presents the Galby show.
Yeah it's me don't eat right here.
Yeah I'm not.
I'm just giving my the high-out shout high-out shout.
You better be careful Neil manage me.
He is confident I'll smear the clear.
The guy I sold my soul to assures me it ain't my last chance to be high before I fade into oblivion.
So dare.
Well well well.
Here is 790 we run to a appeal to a younger already in some sport halls.
So high boys and girls.
Well okay high boys.
Today Uncle Gandhi is going to teach us how to read a sports paint.
Okay yeah let's see yeah.
We got here we got there.
Oh look there dolphin training here.
And over here we got there there's a jack who's a schmitz in over here.
You should look over here you could get all the year's all a statistic.
Stop the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top.
Oh look we got a phone call.
Yeah.
I am old.
I'm here to call a team.
It's time to pay up your non-scoles.
You can't have my show yet.
I'm not even going to play.
I'm not a nutty.
You stink pal.
That's it.
I'm taking your soul.
You got to give your pants.
I mean I want to go into the pool.
I'm counting in the sea of sports.
I'm counting in the sea of sports.
Which reminds me what the others do not only a right wing mayor for a lot of them.
What does he have to do with sports that they've invited in the morning showed to
spew his homophobic crap about the guys doing each other in tea rooms.
What was that all about?
They're the obvious.
I'll get back to the list.
I'll read all the 600 names on there in a minute.
An audience perished grand jury in New Orleans has declined without a doctor accused of killing patients
in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
Last year, state attorney general Charles Foyle claimed Dr. Anna Poe, POU, sounds Hawaiian to me, doesn't it?
Two, Powell, Chredo, Pew, and two nurses killed four people with a lethal cocktail at Memorial Medical Center.
The four were among at least 34 who died in the sweltering photo hospital days following Katrina.
CNN's website, by the way, had a big banner, a big red banner of their with the wrong information they took it down real fast.
Ha ha, no, on the website.
Jordan's office declined to prosecute nurses Lori Budo and Sherry Landrieve after they testified in the investigation.
Powell, who's been free on bond, was never formally charged.
Supporters rallied for Powell late last week and the doctor filed suit against the Louisiana Attorney General on Monday.
Innocie accuses him of using her arrest to fuel his reelection bid.
How do you like that?
Kanoville.
Okay, let's get back to the list of the most movers and shakers, the shakers and bakers in South Florida sports,
quite a very jackass, and you idiots devoted online on the hero thing.
Butch, after Jennifer Rodriguez, who was just under Jason Taylor, butch buckholtz, holds.
Was he a tennis player?
He was in charge of the lift and torn him, and I believe is what it was.
He was a tennis player.
Okay, I didn't know him for a tennis playing tennis, so.
Jesse Holt, I mean, what is the lift internment? It's a tennis tournament, isn't it?
Yeah, I'm all.
But I know if he actually played tennis or he was just a director.
Jesse Holt, anybody know who Jesse Holtz is?
Yeah.
Was?
Wanted to be?
I know you're not talking to me, so I'm just, you know, I'll just be.
So you know, Pudge, Ivano Rodriguez.
I do.
Pudge had 151, the Alex Rodriguez, Pay Rod had 132.
So Pudge beat him, I've good, because he looks better.
I mean, what do I care?
Although we had a pretty crappy attitude.
Remember when the Marlins got rid of his ass because he went all that money and they said,
go to Detroit.
Jep Koeh9122, Michael Irvin 109.
I'm not reading the numbers.
Roberta Stokes, anybody know who Roberta Stokes is?
No.
You know?
No.
No?
That's what I'm saying.
Bernie Kosehr.
Oh my God, a Bernie.
You're fairy.
Ken Dorsey, Angelo Dundee, Nick Koeh9122.
Who do we say he was?
He was a Coral Givaldo High School Co-Tractor.
Kodes Kodes, Nick, somebody named Nick.
Tim Hardaway, Don Trell, Eddie R. Carroll, the 400-year-old jockey.
Wallfrazer, Michael Lowell, Andre Dawson, the Hawk, Rick Berry, Larry Little, Jim Leland,
Miguel Cabrera, Emerson Phidipaldi, Paul Warfield.
Then there's another one I heard at Chopta, O'Ted Henrichs.
You can barely read it.
And then the Giza, the top hockey getter, John Van Biesberg with 42 votes.
The Giza, who is most famous now for being racist.
Josh Beckett, Jose Conzucco, Sunny Hirsch, is tied with Jose Conzucco.
I do like that.
And Sunny never even used Royads.
He said he once had bad Royads from sitting on his ass all the time.
Remember Sunny Hirsch?
Yeah.
Well, why, I mean, why are you so reluctant to say that?
Oh, the first question, do I remember that?
No, it's not a trick question at all.
Sunny had a little, a little, a little thing.
Vinnie Testiberti, Derek Thomas, Don Carter, the bowling guy.
Wow.
Dwight Stephenson, Dave Dumbbrowski, Warren Samp.
Dennis Erickson, Steve Kerrton, Charlie Huff, Benny Blades.
Oh, no.
How about Brian Blades?
How about...
You know, that would be nice.
Anyway, we don't want to rehash that.
It's bad news.
It's bad for the program, you know.
Shooting's in stuff.
Jack McKeehan, Ray Hudson.
Oh, Ray Hudson.
What's that under?
Ray Hudson.
Is it Ray Hudson?
Ray Hudson.
This is Ray Hudson.
Miami Fusion.
I listen to Joe Costello, sure.
It's better than Spongebob.
But it takes towards New Holland.
Bang has in mash.
Wow.
How do you like that?
No wonder that's always none anymore.
Alex Fernandez, Ed Reid, Jura, who's Ed Reid?
You have...
Who?
You have football players, safety.
Jura Smith?
Never heard of him.
Leavon Hernandez, Ray Floyd, Jim Langer, Scott Mellonby's got 18 vote.
The Don family.
Oh, they had a vote for the Don.
He made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
That's the adults dream people, the Don family.
Geno Toretta, Larry Beanfest, Beanstalk, Russell Maryland, and Louise Croco.
Round off the very unimpressive list.
I mean, not that they're all unimpressive, but it's just...
Oh, there's so many people on here that nobody ever even heard of.
But then again, that's the way it is when you do these online polls.
But I'm not like our polls, which are extraordinarily scientific.
You would know how to do a pooled berry if somebody stuck you on top of a flag pool.
Timmy says I was thinking about what you said.
The Jefferson's was the way better show than good times.
No, not that good times.
I was talking about, well, obviously, I would then Sanford and the Sun.
And your listeners, me included to think good times is better.
I think good times is better based on memorable things and episodes like
Dino might and Dan, Dan, Dan James.
That's from the episode he died.
Well, Jefferson's have nothing you really remember about a very famous saying.
So that makes it mediocre.
Either way, Sanford and Sun is my choice.
So we're both of these.
See, says Timmy, who's probably three years old.
Thank you so much, Timmy.
Then that looks like from when you're writing, I think it's a fake fake.
Sure.
Very familiar.
Very familiar.
Yes.
Way better than good times, not even in the running.
Good time.
How is good time doing on there?
Seven three.
Seven three.
Seven five vote.
Seven three vote.
Not even in the running for Christ's Day.
So what do you give me?
Dino might.
Yeah, he was very annoying.
JJ, was he an annoying?
Not as annoying as our sales department though.
There's nobody in the world who's annoying as salespeople or iceholes.
And that's because they just absolutely refuse.
They don't care.
And they will never care.
Nothing's ever going to change.
Ask me if I really care anymore.
You care anymore?
No, I really don't.
I mean, I do, but I don't.
You know what I mean by that?
I do.
But I don't.
I would like to, but I can't afford emotionally and mentally and just from a survival standpoint,
I can't do it because they're not going to change.
They don't care about servicing it about.
I mean, Doug is the exception.
He's a month.
You're fair.
He actually follows through and we hear from him every now and then he came in this morning,
briefly, not briefly enough, but briefly.
But, yeah, tell me how to pronounce that guy's name and he takes care of his clients
as opposed to people like Hank Guerrero who are O-T-L permanently.
You know what that means, O-T-L?
No.
Out to lunch.
A-Wall, miss MIA, Manomini Miami either, missing an action, Hank Guerrero, Nolo Contendiary,
Nolo Non-Compass Wieness.
Oh, God.
Good bye, former Bedloos.
I'll reach a sea of going.
Even though you were Charles Lane and played a hundred roles.
We'll always know you're former Bedloos.
You're fine.
Even when you look real old.
Just like Kurt Muston, nobody played a better, cranky man with a visor on.
And I'm the only one I guess who knows who you are.
I'm sorry, Hank.
I'm sorry, Hank.
Hey, good for you.
A chain smoker who lit two hundred and two.
And a good Jew who was height-cast as every other cat.
I'll save it.
Now who's gonna make sure the bread is ain't on time?
Before you check out, I'll bet you balanced your books.
See, check it out for Port Grant.
That's good of Arty.
If not, get out.
And bye.
From another great show, Not Petticoat Junction, did I ever watch that?
No.
Did you watch it?
I've, a couple of times, I mean, the week was button to it.
Pretty weekend, pretty lame.
Kind of like some of those other shows of the same genre.
Like Green Acres and Three Naked.
You like that, though, right?
No, like Beverly Hillbillies.
Or you like Beverly Hillbillies?
Different.
The Zib clamp.
Right.
Different.
You never saw five minutes of it, or you'd think it was funny, too.
Jibbidaya.
Every show that he was on had somebody named Jibbidaya.
Right.
Like Barnaby Jones always gets his man.
And his sidekick there, his partner, his partner Gunsler, was Jibbidaya.
Did we ever figure out if you were a fat-ass governor if that was really his name?
Jibbidaya?
I think so.
That's what we heard.
Oh, no.
John Nichols writes in the nation, Monday night CNN, you...
You...
The bait.
Between the candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination was built as a dramatic departure from
politics as usual.
Unfortunately, aside from the fact that one aspiring question addressed like a Viking,
the bait was only a little bit better than the one where CNN's wolf Blitzkrieg was holding
a hogging the microphone.
To be sure the you...
You...
We're more interesting and formed and mercifully concise than Blitzkrieg, who managed to make
himself a centerpiece of the last year than the bait.
The YouTubers were at times, and poignant and powerful as when Mary and Jen from Brooklyn
asked the candidates if you were elected president of the U.S. would you allow us to be
married to each other.
While most of the other contenders struggle to say no politely, Congressman Dennis Kacinich
knocked that one out of the park by responding, Mary and Jen, the answer to your question is
yes.
But such sublime moments were rare by and large as so-called the bait was dull.
Maybe that's why I didn't watch them.
Maybe I had like a...
I think it is not that you promised the me...
Oh, they're sworey.
This time with no Blitzkrieg to blame the candidates were the problem.
They rarely aired differences, and even when they did their approaches with one notable
exception, I mean everybody's restrained in vapid, isn't they previous feel good fests?
Asked by a question or to mention something that is likely about the candidate next to
them, the contenders' bylaws confirmed their inability to think on their feet.
New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson got a little laugh when he suggested that the other
seven candidates would best serve the country by joining his forthcoming administration.
Former North Carolina Senator John Edwards, who's in a battle for his political life with
the York Senator Hillary Clinton, couldn't even muster a political response to the YouTuber's
request and studied Turner Clinton commented on her jacket.
As in past debates, it felt a former Senator Mike Grovel to speak the truth about the
fact that despite the fuzziness of the presentations last night, the Democratic candidates differ
fundamentally on issues ranging from more in peace to international trade, to health
care, to civil rights and civil liberties, and presidential accountability.
Grovel in the way previous debates and the refusal of most of the candidates to rule out
a nuclear attack on Iran scared him, responded to a question about what would change if
a Democrat was elected by saying you're not going to see any change when these people get
elected.
We're not united.
I'm not united on many of their views, said Grovel, who proceeded to rip into Illinois
Senator Barack Obama, for saying that he didn't take money from lobbyists when, in fact,
Obama has done so with abandon.
Obama defended himself as well as he could, but that run went to Grovel.
Grovel was the night's most refreshing response, but the most meaningful one, at least in terms
of the preparation of the various contenders to deal with the demands of the global state,
came from New Mexico, governor Bill Richardson, former congressman, cabinet secretary, and
US ambassador to the UN.
I'm Gabriel and I'm Connie from a refugee camp near Darfur, began a YouTube video that
inserted the issues of Sudanese genocide and the child refugees of Africa under debate.
Before you answer this question, imagine yourself a parent of one of these children.
What action do you commit to that will get these children back home to a safe Darfur and
not letting it yet be another empty promise?
CNN's Anderson Pupor directed the question to Richardson asking, governor, what are you
going to do with your commit American troops?
I was at that refugee camp, Richard Sinan, and there was a refugee, a woman who came up
to me, she'd been raped, or husband had been killed, and she said, when is America going
to start helping?
This is what I would do, it's diplomacy, it's getting UN peacekeeping troops and not
African Union troops, it's getting China to pressure Sudan, it's getting the European
Union to be part of economic sanctions in Sudan, it's called leadership.
A no-fly zone I believe would be an option, but we have to be concerned about humanitarian
workers being hurt by planes being shot.
The answer here is caring about Africa, the answer here is not just thinking of our strategic
interests as a country as oil and Europe in the Middle East, it should be Africa, Asian
Latin America doing something about poverty, about AIDS, about refugees, about those who
have been left behind, that's how we restore American leadership in this country.
He said, in Richardson's response, do you sustain applause?
What the hell is that?
It's phone.
No.
It says, a group of press for clarity, you say UN troops does that mean American troops?
United Nations peacekeeping troops that would be primarily Muslim troops, we need a permanent
UN peacekeeping force, stationed somewhere so the most experienced diplomat in the race,
if we get a UN peacekeeping troops authorized for their further some already there, it'll
take six months for them to get there.
Genocide is continuing there, 200,000 have died, close to two million refugees in that region,
American needs to respond with diplomacy with diplomatic leadership.
Can I respond to this at one moment?
What do you?
Well, that's all it's true.
Notice that Richardson said, fastly avoided commenting the Senate U.S. or committing the
sending U.S. troops to the region, they potentially disassist proposal to Senate Foreign
Relations Committee Chairman Joe Biden of Delaware, why because we can't Biden claim
Monday night?
The difference between Richardson and Biden was striking and instructive as was the fact
that Hillary Clinton and her brief response, cited with Richardson.
Even if the candidates did not for the most part do a good job of delineating the distinctions
between them, those distinctions are real and they need to be highlighted in a more systematic
and effective manner than CNN has done with either Wolf Blitzkrieg or the bells and whistles
of the YouTube debate.
That's what John Nichols says.
Didn't watch it.
George watched it though and he thought it was riveting.
What?
I would rather have been riveting.
Well, maybe you would rather have been riveting Cortis' girlfriend.
Is there any doubt?
Yeah, there is no doubt.
Now is that going to be repeat performance of that?
Is he going to go wrong?
At least the three of us who went out decided that we had a great time and would like
very much to do that again.
Did it do it again?
Yeah.
Wow.
I see.
I could go out and rant about the sales in front of the last two or five, six o'clock this
afternoon.
Okay.
But I'm not going to do that.
I mean, what would be the point?
Is there going to change anything?
No.
Have I done it a million times already?
Er, just, you know.
It is just disturbing to work with people and around people.
I'm not around them, thank God, anymore.
But with people who just don't care.
You know, that expression at Hallmark uses, we care enough to send our very best.
They don't care enough to send anything.
They just, you know, everything is like doing, we're doing the limbo rock.
We're in limbo, it's like those people at the tea room in Westland and Highlya, in limbo,
squatting, crawling underneath the tea room stalls.
We had 1155 votes on the pool.
Everybody's got at least one.
What's happening now?
The Steve Harvey show, the parkers, the parent hood, Malcolm and Eddie and in the house
season, H.A.
One and Moesha, she's all the way up to a pair.
Moesha's got a pair.
But from what you said, I don't know, not that, well, you've never seen her.
You did see what sort?
I know who Brandy is, she's pretty.
Really pretty.
She's pretty, but the Joe is pretty awful, evidently.
That's not for me.
Naked from here?
Yeah, dies.
As the Chinese would say, what's your favorite black TV series from the past?
Sanford in some 370, kicking big fat nasty ass of any color or shape or variety?
370.
The Jefferson's 175.
I'm amazed.
In living color 103, what did I say today?
Hapt above Amy's and Andy, which is probably pretty easy because they miss an Andy are
both dead.
I think.
The Cosby Show 81, good time 75, the Fresh Prince of Bailer of 48, The Wayans Brothers
26, Fat Albert 25, different Stroke's 25.
What's happened in 19?
Roots 18, the Bernie Mac show 17, Family Matters 13, Martin 12, 227, had nine and all the
other single digits.
All the others, like Frankie Pentangely, small potatoes.
1255, a QMaddle coming up at 2 o'clock.
It's the regular schedule.
We got the Humber in the house.
Humber in the house.
Okay.
Yeah, I was waiting for response like.
I was trying to get that proper one or someplace else.
Or behind me.
This is the reward.
When you come down out, please have a very important spot.
It would be very sad.
Hard of a way as a major able that I mentioned it last week.
I just want to mention it again this week.
And Chris tried to realize that he hates him like poison.
Did you say that?
Yes, something like that.
Something like that because he's got a big ego in his own secretarianism.
It thinks his stuff don't think that's scary.
Start it by the way from the anxious QM sales department.
Okay, he's got the rail.
And when I'm up in Belkettiga, slapping all the women with painted lips around the
pole, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers iron balance one to two hours.
I've been given it some sort of scene.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you in the zoo much better go in six to ten and not in five.
A gentile in the cranky zoo.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
You're not going to die.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die.
We'd be graphing together.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm a big puppy, too.
A Brooklyn high.
I've been raised in high.
Everybody but you.
You're not my target.
Me and Mow, the sap would blow.
No way that if we had a fight, that you'd survive.
Good one and here a gentile.
And pushing time, that's happy to get there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And show what you and me for me is much better six than ten, not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
What's left, what?
Happy to get there.
What, what, what?
What can be better?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
I'm gonna make 200 votes on the poll today.
Chris is gonna be running around naked up and down the Ivory Road.
He's really going to sing it like a wild man, aren't you?
Without baseball hat on.
No.
Have you ever worn a hat in your life?
Do you have the difference between a hat and a cat?
What's the difference?
Do you really know all the difference?
So, would it be like a bowler in those things?
No, that would be one of them, yeah.
A fedora?
A fedora is a type of hat, right?
A ten gallon?
Ten gallon hat?
Texas ten gallon hat, right?
Okay, so I guess I wear caps then.
Does it really make a difference?
No.
I can just see you with a big, one of those big steps and hats.
Of course.
Did George leave us or is he gone?
No, but here.
Oh, by the way, I got an email.
You got an email.
He's going to dance for John Ellis Bush.
From something.
It stands for what?
John Ellis Ellis.
This one is John Jeb.
John Ellis.
I see John Ellis Bush.
I see.
Oh, I see.
It's the initials of his own.
But that doesn't make any sense.
It's like we're done in city.
It's like fat ass Jeb Bush.
We're done then.
Jeb stands for John Ellis Bush.
That's what the guy says.
Why would he lie?
No, I'm sure the guy is right.
In a strong, rewarded column published in there.
By the way, I didn't take any calls yet today.
You know what?
And it's already a 103.
I think we may not be doing it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
What?
You didn't put them on hold you, but you wanted to talk them.
Didn't put them on hold and I took them cold.
And they were okay.
And I don't want to push my luck.
Press my luck.
Wasn't that the name of that show?
Press my luck.
Bad show.
No whammy's.
Whammy.
And my favorite was the day when the bitch came up and said,
whammy.
God, it's the day.
That was my favorite.
Bitch.
Well, I mean, nicely, it wouldn't have said that, but she was a bitch.
Who was that that said that?
Was that an anemory was it?
Yes.
That was anemory?
Anemory.
That you were always chasing around and there were a lot of rumors about?
That's the word.
In a strong, rewarded column published in Monday's New York Times,
it's written that Adam Cohen argues that America's founding fathers feared an imperial president.
He's such a George W. Bush's when directing the Constitution.
Cohen, a lawyer, and member of the Times Editorial Board since 2002 writes,
the nation is heading toward a constitutional showdown over the war in Iraq.
Congress is moving closer to passing a bill to limit or end the war,
but President Bush insists Congress doesn't have the power to do it.
I don't think Congress ought to be running the war.
He said it at a reason for his conference.
I think they ought to be funding the troops.
He added magnetously.
I'm certainly interested in their opinion.
The war is hardly the only area where the Bush administration is trying to expand its powers
beyond all legal justification Cohen continues,
but the danger of an imperial president sees especially great when a president takes the nation to war,
something the founding fathers understood well.
In the looming showdown, the founders and the Constitution are firmly on Congress's side.
The founders would have been astonished by Bush's assertion that Congress should simply write him a blank checks for war.
They gave Congress the power of the First,
it would have leveraged to force the president to execute their laws properly.
Madison described Congress's control of responding as the most complete and effectual weapon
with any Constitution can arm the immediate representatives of the people
from tending redress of every grievance from for carrying into effect every just and sanitary measure.
Members of Congress should not be intimidated in thinking that they're overstepping their constitutional bounds.
If the founders were looking on now, it's not Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi,
who would strike them as out of line, but George W. Bush would seem less like a president than a king.
That's what the New York Times would be saying.
Adam Cohen sounds like his brother Marty.
Good Jewish boy, Marty Cohen.
Right.
He's been dead a long time, Marty Cohen takes us back to the K-A-T and craig-warding days.
Marty Cohen, boxing promoter, harness racing, former driver and owner.
Let's talk some harness racing, what do you say, huh?
No.
Talk about George Cholte, who?
Stanley Dancer, and Del Miller, and Billy Houghton, and Peter Houghton.
Are they still racing?
You know, the interesting part of it is I don't want to go into it because it will give me back to the sales department again.
It'll get very angry.
Like when Michael was talking to Carl in the Godfather,
and he got a glass of booze,
was it Tatanya or Baudzini?
It was Baudzini.
Good.
Because when he lied to me, it makes me very angry.
Then I saw that scene again last night.
That was fresh in my life.
That's a great scene. Well, they're all great.
Why didn't say that?
And he gets in the shoving in the car to take him on ostensibly to the airport.
The only thing that was pretty ridiculous about that,
I mean, here are these people who kill us a drop of a hat.
And they felt that they had to go through the dog and pony show of having a plane ticket to Vegas.
Yeah.
Remember that it gives them the plane ticket before it gets in the car?
To convince them I guess they just go in the car.
Why can they just kill them in the house?
And you'll notice another thing.
Almost everybody in that movie gets killed in the car.
Not even a lot of people do, but that's to keep things tidy.
Like you want to take the body somewhere to dump it anyway, so it's handier if you do the business in the car.
Because I've done my business in the car and I'm going to put it in the handier.
I heard that story.
I traded that car.
I traded it in.
It scrubs up all my range.
Yeah, exactly.
My rangeman's.
And he looks back at Tom Hagen and he's got that looking.
He knows what the answer is going to be.
He knows exactly what it's going to be and he says,
Tom, can you give me your dog?
I'm a little type of snake.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
And Robert Duval, his eye is shift over to the car.
And that little shift of the nod of the head,
like take him away and butt up big like that.
Yeah, Paulie, we'll see him no more.
That was a new car.
Right?
And Carlo Clemens, it just happens to be sitting directly behind him.
Which I guess he's a fun unusual.
Oh, hi, Carlo.
I like to par with his legs.
Hello.
He kicked out the window.
That's good.
I hope they're watching those auto glass spots when they were doing that.
Probably had to replace a lot of windshields in those old cars.
Former White House council, Harry and Myers, and Joshua Bolton.
The Courage Chief of Staff to present in George W. Bush will likely be charged with contempt
by the House Judiciary Committee tomorrow.
This investigation, including the reluctant but necessary decision to move forward with contempt,
has been a very deliberative process, taking care of each step to respect the executive branches.
legitimate prerogatives that represent have done conures,
chamomilely, house Judiciary Committee in a statement.
I've allowed the White House and Ms. Myers every opportunity to cooperate with this investigation,
either voluntarily or under subpoena, it is still my hope that they'll reconsider this hard-line position.
No.
Never happen.
And cooperate with our investigation so we can get to the bottom of this matter.
Through an attorney, Myers said earlier,
that she doesn't fear contempt charges,
or just see refuse to comply with a subpoena,
and appear before the House Committee on July 12th,
as part of the investigation in the firing of those nine U.S. attorneys,
Bolton is also failed to turn over documents off by House Democrats.
The Bush Chief of Staff was ordered to comply with a subpoena by 10 o'clock this morning.
We hit Bruno to tell you a three o'clock this morning.
Remember the sad way that Tessio said that?
Right.
Almost in tears.
We had Bruno at any way.
See, I got to stop watching it because I have to get all those lines out of my mind.
Because what second...
Why?
I don't know.
He did the whole show with Godfather of the business.
Now he's like that.
He always liked that.
He knows that.
Look at him out of the show.
I told you that he got buried alongside.
He had kept Wally Cox's ashes all those years after Wally Cox broke.
And when Marlon Brando died,
they got buried in the desert together.
Both of their ashes got strewn in the desert.
You don't find that interesting?
I don't know.
Maybe.
You don't find that symbolic?
No.
You don't find it a little bit gay.
Kind of like a gay kid who got buried right next to Wally's boyfriend's name?
Lied.
Cly Tolson.
That's right.
But who got the...
He wasn't running in a deacon dolson from that really good movie with Jack Lema.
Was that a mass appeal?
I don't know.
I hardly got buried in the same coffin though.
That's the story I got.
Yeah, side by each.
Who is the top and who is the bottom?
Well, gay women.
Let me have to move along.
Just move along.
Okay.
In Monday F.N.S. Press Conference, White House Press Secretary Tony Thnoo dismissed the contempt charges
a fishing expedition that's woefully short on fish.
He repeated the White House's offer for off-the-record interviews for officials like Myers on the
West Attorney findings and suggested that the Justice Department was unlikely to proceed with contempt charges if
press into any guy.
However, he insisted the White House would not make that judgment for the justice department.
He'll leave that up to them.
They have to make that determination he'll be saying.
After a vote is held in the committee, the contempt charges must be passed by Full House
Representatives.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi suggested Saturday she would support contempt charges at least for
Harry admirers.
Well, she...
I guess maybe she grew a little tiny pair named Nancy Pelosi.
Wow.
What a bitch.
Weak.
Weak sisters, baby.
That's the Democratic Party.
And when Ted Kennedy croaks, and of course, there will happen someday.
And we've got Russ Feingold there in Wisconsin.
In fact, I got an article about him coming.
I may actually have to read it.
Even though Miguel would be upset, do you think Miguel is listening?
I doubt it.
Yes.
Why do you say that?
He listened before, during, and after his employment.
Even when I was reading the bedtime stories, he wasn't taking those great calls that he looked for.
Even so, he's a big neilie.
Always had.
Well, we listen badly.
And they really screwed up bad.
You know, when they brought up all Jersey Joe's buddies, Johnny, Johnny, and Rolly Joe, what were the hell he's from?
All his buddies, man, they're getting all kinds of trouble and getting the van, the thing toad.
So I was toad by use matter of fact.
I think you told me some bad information, but that's okay.
Rit then had asked because they deserve it.
The Rolly Moffie has taken over.
God, is that thing real?
Oh, my brain.
Yeah!
My brain.
What's up, y'all?
This is your boy, D. Mike.
See how you reading songs with hooks and concepts, right?
But, we damn, that's what I go black, and some of the monsters check this out, y'all.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Grab the book, let me tell bingo, book guys, c.g.s.
S, B, O, O, B, I, E, A, D, S, B, O, C, D, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R, S, R
mathi embehi rv asom they rv asom Th v bra som But I ever think I should stay говорил I don't know I am an oval of an
Ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order it, ready, order
ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready we all thank you that route
re et
know I think it's one for the ages. It's one for the ages yeah what age about five that means
yeah the dark ages. Seven eighty five under for the dark ages now that sounded like a racial thing to me
you better watch yourself Mr. Boatcamp is going to be cutting you a big ass on the air tomorrow
you're going to be slicing you slice it in Dyson baby. Remember Mike Dyson? Yeah. Seven eighty five
on four we got twelve hundred million in the shade in fact it would be kind of amusing to see
what does it say on the uh... we need four then on that can't be right four tenths of vote
vote for meant to get to twelve hundred well we got forty minutes that that's not well I guess
that is right four tenths of vote for minute and we'll get to twelve hundred and we got eleven
eighty eight that's really great we'll make twelve hundred before the bottom of the yard and if
Chris would have really pushed it we can make like maybe twelve fifteen something like that exactly
don't be knocking at read a book okay then and when I'm on I'm still playing it okay
if you don't want to play it don't play it don't come to me oh geez what happened you know
these people turned on me that's because you're not playing that bit and they're pretty
peeled with your attitude although they like those pictures of you and what's your name
what's your name does it Lana yes no seriously what is your name BB BB for real name no no listen
don't start giving out too much information on here that's not a good idea that would our crowd
Natasha is that her name Natasha sure it's a lot of race
sweaty is she a little on the sweaty side eventually
and you know the interesting part of it is to share see one thing I like about Judge Cordis
and there's not too much else but one thing I do like is the fact that he didn't give a crap
in other words he's saying he's not he's saying I mean am I going to continue having a great time
out there in Vegas or like I'm rushing back early because George is you know he knew all
about it up right and I understand that but that's not the point in other words he wasn't the
least bit concerned he was having a great time out there that's right and you know not all
it not necessarily losing his ass when he say lost 300 and some bucks yeah he was all ahead
until like the last day he said like four bucks 50 bucks whatever and that's a good to do it
so yeah it's a stretch it out that would be a good idea for wood buying you know it's to stay
ahead the whole time and then lose your ass right just before you leave and get this
custard run out this place sucks and all like that which that does happen a lot
well I'm glad he's got a really good attitude about it and if I'm glad he also enjoyed
the thousand bucks I sent him but that wasn't just a thousand bucks out of the air you better
remind me to send you that hundred bucks hey don't forget to send me that thousand bucks
yeah there might be a zero might be a missing zero on there might be ten bucks that's all right I'll
I'll insert back with inflation everything it might be yeah especially with all that poster
let me turn the the period into a comma are you really 1188 on a pull I thought we just
handle of an 88 Chris Christina 1189 like I said what's a good thing that I moved there right
start getting really a fear to what is going on with the Eric up there you know he told me long
time ago and and it was one of those times I actually spoke to him which I tried to afford and
not that I don't like Eric Eric is fine but he gets a little emotional about these things
you know you're the one that made that up anyway right but he told me that he can he can
manipulate that pool and I'm not saying this because I want him to do it don't mess with a
pool today fatso but he can make it appear like we had whatever number of votes and he can change
the individual votes and he can do whatever he wants with it he can do the pool right absolutely
now Chris can't do that you know have to really do that good because Eric isn't going to do
that because Eric respects the show but in your case being you know oh yeah we're totally do that
a guy that wears a baseball cap about three sizes too tight no now somebody did make a camera
where that was I reading that I guess maybe I saw it on TV or maybe I read it in the funny papers
but about Barry Bond's head being so big because of the Roads you know correct
what do you think that your head grows when you're taking human growth hormone yeah
get that big old jaw thing going yeah but I wonder if you're I wonder if that grows yeah in the
wrong direction in the wrong one or direction liberal democratic senator west find gold said
Sunday he wants congress to censure president Bush for his mismanagement for his mismanagement
of the Iraq war and his assault against the constitution his ass off but find gold's own party leader
in the senate showed a little interest in the idea and attempt in 2006 by find gold to censure
Bush over the warrantless fine program attracted only three co-sponsors find gold to prominent
critic of the war city soon plans to offer two censure resolutions measures that would amount to
a formal condemnation of the republican president the first would seek to recommend Bush for
his find gold described it giving the nation into war without adequate military preparation
and for issuing misleading public statements in other words aka lying the resolution would also
cite vice president change and perhaps other administration officials the second measure would
seek to censure Bush for what the democratic called a continuous assault against the rule of law
through such efforts as the warrantless surveillance program against suspected terrorist find gold said
it also asked for a reprimand of attorney general guns always and maybe others all of these
all of these things this is an opportunity for people to say let's at least reflect on the
record that something terrible has happened here said find gold the administration is weakened
American a way that is frightful and i would say to him you are absolutely correct then again
you're surrounded by a bunch of weak need democrats as much as surrounded by you can't complain
about the two party system in america baby because it sucks it blows what an idea whether
they're coming in they're creeping in by the ones now it's a good thing we didn't set some wild
I don't like twelve fifty something like that they're coming in by the ones now just to make
your sweat a little bit and you know corn Eric you need three tenths of vote for men are just to
get twelve hundred I think we can do it and I think you can do it no don't say we okay okay say we
white man now a devil used to say on that show he was a real whatever happened with all that
well what was the was there any what was the end result of that we said the fact he got blown out
of this station he had some house arrest he had to attend to all that that's right I forgot
about that he had an ankle bracelet that's right huh
well it's okay when you got the phone you know he's getting tussed with your bookie right
that's what the hunter said remember that time when a hunter was a had to leave the ladder leave
the show and go out in the hall to talk to his bookie in the middle of a you know it's a story
I was there to story my little lady brilliance done as dirt
absolutely
Probably
And
You're fair.
I'm not a woman, thank you.
You're fair.
I know my bitch will I see more?
Yes, you got a nasal voice.
You're fair.
Staying out for it, smell you can't stand.
Get that bite, what's almost can't.
Because you were with a phone.
No!
Gosh!
How I hate women.
But I'm not homosexual.
You're fair.
I'm not.
1200-300, we've got our 1200.
We need to be proud.
One question for Clay Aiken.
Have you made your decision for Christ?
That's what America is waiting to hear.
Who cares about him?
I put him in Lindsay Lohan and Peris Hilton.
Who are some of the other ones?
There were supposed to be all worked up about.
Oh, the Beckham's don't forget the Beckham's.
Oh, the Beckham's, of course, David Beckham.
And the lovely whatever her name is Beckham.
The Poirier.
Poirier.
Poirier's spice.
Yes, spice is nice and the dice and the dice and the dice.
John Nichols has an article called Centurion Impeachment.
It's right, hot on the heels of that rust-fingle thing.
Because he mentioned it.
Is that the reason I'm reading it now?
Yes.
John Nichols in the nation says there's every reason to be enthusiastic about
Senator Russ Finegold's decision to ask the Senate to consider a pair of
such resolutions condemning the President, vice-president, other administration officials from his conduct
relating to the war in Iraq and for the repeated assaults on the rule of law.
And it is the movement to impeach Voshenchania tracks more support with each passing day
Finegold's resolutions should be seen as evidence that the essential American principle of
presidential accountability is finally being put back on the table by responsible members of Congress.
Finegold is renewing their standing in call for a century that the Wisconsin Democrat initially
made in March of last year.
The Senate non-proposes one resolution centering the President, the vice-president of the raids,
for overseeing the case that sought him who sang at WMDs, especially nuclear weapons,
and falsely-impliant relationship with Al Qaeda and links to 9-11.
For feeding the plan for the civil conflict and humanitarian problems that the intelligence
community predicted, for overstretching the Army Marine Corps in guard with prolonged deployments,
and for justifying US military involvement in Iraq by repeatedly distorting the situation on the ground there.
A second resolution would censure the administration for approving the illegal NSA warmless wire-tabbing program
for promoting extreme policies on torture, the Geneva Conventions and mutinies at Gitmo,
and for refusing to recognize legitimate congressional oversight and the improper firing of U.S. attorneys.
Finegold, a constitutional scholar, is well aware that these misdeeds of George Boerstik chained in their minions,
follows that the senator has suggested right in the strike zone of the concept of high crimes and misdemeanors.
He has frequently suggested he wouldn't rule out any form of accountability, including an impeachment inquiry
beginning with proper investigation and hearings, but as a senator Finegold cannot initiate an impeachment.
The founders wise, they've rectified that powered members of the U.S. House.
The drafters of the Constitution fear that the Senate was initially conceived of as an appointed chamber,
more akin to the British House of Lords than the elected body had become,
would be too formal and cautious about holding presidents and vice presidents to account.
So they gave the authority to impeach members of the executive branch of the House,
which was elected from districts and as a result, more closely in tune with the ebbs and flows of popular sentiment.
James Madison, George Mason, other essential authors of the Constitution and Bill of Rights,
wanted impeachment to be a popular process and the House was a more popular chamber.
That said, they didn't intend for senators to sit idly by while high crimes and misdemeanors were committed.
Finegold is right to describe his sentient emotions as a relatively modest response,
but they're precisely the response that a senator can and should propose.
Sentry is about holding the administration accountable Finegold, says Congress needs to formally condemn the president members of the administration for misconduct before enduring the Iraq war
and for undermining the world-a-law at home.
Sentry is not a cure for the devastating pull that some administrations actions have taken on the country,
but when the future generations look back at the terrible misconduct of the administration,
they need to see that a Korean-Corey Quil branch of government stood up and held the work count,
those who violated the principles on which this nation was founded.
Sentry is not the cure impeachment is, but centering Bush and Cheney ought not be seen as a compromise
or an insufficient response to the crisis, it is a senatorial compliment to the burgeoning movement for impeachment,
a moment that's today delivered to the meeting yesterday,
petitions with more than a million signatures to Congressman John Cahn,
who is appealing to him to begin impeachment proceedings.
Cahn years, it should be noted, indicated a recent meeting in ground at the San Diego thing in our changes mind again,
they'll have the votes.
Supporting fine-gold censure resolution should not distract from an ornate gate to push for impeachment,
rather moves to get the sense of the censure Bush and Cheney ought to be seen as vital pieces of the broader struggle
to hold this administration to account soon, please, soon.
Got a beat, but a move, but a drop in on to the beat goes on, the bodies continue rolling in.
Won't be too long, 4,000 dead soldiers, and for what?
So the murderer, Richard Lunatic, we have that's right.
Provinor 19 votes on the pool today.
We have a moving on now.
For the wrong result, I mean, there's no comparison.
I made media, Sanford and the Sun was like, what, 100 years ago?
At least.
I mean, it's an old show.
Now, who's on a red fox and who else?
Nobody that you've ever heard of.
Seeing that's why you don't know who was.
Demand Wilson.
Oh, Demand Wilson, well, he used to be in Hollywood squares for Christ's sake.
I was wondering where the hell he came from.
I mean, I know he was a dark guy, but, you know, so there were a lot of other guys.
Demand Wilson.
Is he dead?
I don't know.
What about Peter Marshall? Do you think he's dead?
From the original Hollywood squares?
I don't know.
Now, who's that coup while they brought back when they did Hollywood squares the second day?
And then they had the nerve to put a woopy goldberg on there.
Oh, my God.
I just can't look at her.
You know, does that make me a bad person? Is that make me a racist?
I can't look at her. I could physically ill.
He still has.
Rosie is white and a bull bike and I can't look at her either.
Maybe it's me physically ill.
Demand Wilson is still alive.
Well, thank God for that.
Now, how are you spelling that?
I can't believe that you actually found it.
Is it?
No, no, it doesn't.
Oh, Demand.
The world you were thinking Desmond?
Yeah, Desmond.
I know a lot of black guys named Demand either.
Do you know any other Demand?
Just heard.
I heard he was in great Demand after that appearance on Sanford and so.
I heard he Demand.
He Demand.
You Demand Demand.
Of course, anybody never saw the old Hollywood squares.
They didn't know who we're talking about.
But that's okay.
Charlie Weaver, they don't know either.
They're in George Goble and Paul Lind.
Everybody knows Paul Lind.
Just even from only be witched.
Am I right?
Right?
You're fair.
He don't mind.
He's dead.
Favorite black guy, I guess I should play it.
There we go.
Sanford and the sun kicking big smelly yesterday, baby.
Although the margin has been cut down because I've been pushing the Jefferson's head off.
Especially since I got that hostile facts about, oh, well, the Jefferson's, there are no memorable lines, you know.
Well, what does that mean?
There's no memorable lines.
How about eat it?
Eat it.
How about meathead?
Do you think there was anybody I remember him calling that all in the family?
What?
Eat it and then meathead.
Yeah.
Well, but this was a spin-off from all in the family.
I'm trying to make the connection.
You're taking it.
You're taking it all very literally, not see.
This is its business and you're taking it personal.
Not me.
The Jefferson's.
I don't know, weasy.
I mean, that's not a lie, but who don't remember weasy, right?
Right.
Every character on that show was good.
Now, what was the maid Florence?
Right.
Ooh, child.
That's all she ever used to say, child.
Everything was childless, child-at.
Child.
She was good.
And of course, weasy.
Now, didn't she just die of weasy?
I don't know.
Oh, yeah, she died.
She be dead.
Weasy.
She was good.
She was fat, though.
And you know what happens?
First, you're fat, and then you know what happens after that?
And then you're dead.
There is evil lurking in the aisles of your friendly neighborhood wall march.
Dude, we're stilly CDs.
Cool.
But there is one man willing to roll back crime.
Excuse me, can I have your young skirt?
Oh, no.
It's the greater.
The greater.
A senior citizen super hero that always saves the day.
Help!
That man stole my purse!
Don't worry.
Uh, stop him.
I hope I'm in a chair and away.
The greater.
Justice wears tribal ghouls and a denture smile.
Here's your purse, Nizzy.
Now, I must be going.
It's been going night.
My hero.
Wall march shoppers beware of falling praises.
Evil doers beware of falling prey to the world.
Breaker and court.
Maybe not, you know, I keep playing that reader book.
247 votes on the pool, by the way.
Pretty heavy duty for the Ventiquatro de Julio, when you say.
What do you call me?
I said heavy duty.
Mayor Jim Nolro speaking of crap issued a public apology on the, you know, a
steps to city hall this afternoon, but it wasn't a apology to gay community was looking for.
Not a lot of apologize for under, under estimating the problem of men having sex with each other in public restrooms.
And urge people to call police to complain about when they come upon it, so to speak.
But also said, bro.
He also said, bro, can he leads the nation in the, did I take out, will you look at those pictures?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Leads the nation in the incidence of new AIDS cases involving men having sex with men.
And question whether the county tourism or official be welcoming them here.
Not a lot of the media that he was holding a news conference have an include an apology.
Gay activists, now there's been calling for public apology from the mayor and for his resignation.
Since the Sun sent a published Nolro's comments earlier this month about gays.
In an article about a proposed self-cleaning automatic toilet the city was going to buy for the beach.
Noggle said, and that had been a benefit that would determine from using it for homosexual activity,
which he said was a problem in public restrooms.
He also said he uses the term homosexual rather than gay because gays are unhappy.
Not that he would generalize, but gays are unhappy.
The mayor's comments said the formation of a group called United Four Law today,
which is holding a rally at City Hall tonight where a long list of elected officials,
now there's will be speaking.
I want to apologize to the children and parents of our community, the mayor said for not being aware of the problem.
He said a website about cruising for sex directs people to two city parks,
and he asked for his possible members of the homosexual community to work with them to get those parts off the website.
It was flanked by conservative Reverend O'Neill Dozier, who pointed out the lightning and rain and raised his eyebrows to a local gay activist,
Anthony Nidwiki, who's partner with William & Hudson, organized the anti-Noggle group.
It's raining on you, Nidwiki, shouted back.
But whatever that means.
They're raising their eyebrows and they're pointing their fingers and it's raining and the Lord works in the streets,
where they're fighting and thundering and the God is really pissed off because Jim Noggle is a lunatic.
A little bit of a raving maniac, okay?
Many fits right in and so forth, fits right in perfect.
But at any rate, you're a town man.
Yeah, I'll be sure to call the cops whenever I see that, you know.
Yeah, if you ever were in town.
Whatever do.
What do you never know?
Speaking of crazy people, Mitt Romney.
Some right-wing opponents like Rush Limbaugh have been making hate for a few years out of the chance,
chance similarity between the last-democenator Barack Obama and the first name of Osama Bin Laden.
But the attempt to associate the two in public awareness has become increasingly insistent since Obama emerged last winter as a leaving presidential candidate.
At the same time, some media outlets have come under fire for mixing up the two, whether purposely or accidentally.
Earlier this year, CNN mixed up the names in a graphic that asked, where's Obama?
Instead of the intended where's Osama?
A spokesman for Obama told Ross Story at the time he thought there was no malicious intent behind to see an graphic and see an in-host wolf blitzkrieg even offered a personal polity to Obama for the air.
In a wolf blitzkrieg?
A no-mong.
Also as media matters noted, news radio 850 K.O.A. host Mike Rosembe referred to Barack Osama three times in the segment and later claimed that he made a mistake explaining that because of the mindset we have or are familiar with Osama Bin Laden, it's easy to say Osama instead of Obama.
Right.
But now a leading Republican presidential contender has ended the fray.
On Saturday, a gossip website posted photographs of former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney posing with and holding his reporter sign that read, no to Obama, Osama and Chelsea's mama.
Your mama, did you see that?
We just had a lightning strike over here, so we're going to go on here.
We still have a year?
Yeah.
I don't know, you know.
This guy to small, this is what make Americans so tired of politics and points precisely to why they want change in Washington Obama's spokesman Bill Burton told ABC's political punch blog.
So far, Romney's refused to apologize or even criticize the signs associated with Democratic candidate with a terrorist leader.
Almost seeming to defend the sign, Romney campaigned spokesman Kevin Madden to talk and points members elections since the blog.
This was just a literative play on words and claimed, I don't think it was equating or comparing anybody.
Right.
At the popular community blog daily, Kasi, user named Wardine writes, this has been pure and simple and rather poor spin at that.
Mr. Madden's spin on this doesn't hold water, especially with one of the pictures showing him actually holding the sign in his hands.
Since Mr. Romney's been a politician for quite some time now, here his handlers would have been sensitive to anyone carrying signs with which they had problems.
A literation is rooted in the repetition of constant and it's not a vows or syllables complains that he's using a nation in Democratic underground form.
Osama Obama's mama is rhyming play on words, midst Makaka moment now, that's a literation.
Makaka.
Maybe he knows the senator Makaka with.
Kakaka.
Question about the photograph at a town hall event in New Hampshire, the former Massachusetts.
The Massachusetts governor, please ignorance.
Well, I think I agree with that.
Yeah, guilty.
I don't really spend all that much time looking at the signs and the t-shirts and the buttons he told the questioner from the Buck Eyesteed blog.
He then had managed him to lighten up when the blogger continued to yell about the sign.
There were a lot of jokes out there he said I'm not responsible for all the signs I see.
The Romney campaign didn't return a call or email from Ross Story seeking further comment.
In addition to Roger Limbaugh's frequent use of the Osama Obama phrase, and CNN's apparent due Fox News chairman Roger Ails also made a similar comparison as speech this March to the radio and TV news director's foundation.
And it is true that Barack Obama's on the move, he'll say.
I don't know if it's true that President Bush called him a sheriff and said, why can't we catch this guy?
Nevada Democrats said that Joe Cross the line and said it is the reason the state party decided to pull out an agreement with Fox News to call host a debate among Democratic presidential candidates.
Here's something you'll be very pleased to know as a father of a young child.
Yeah.
11 US big producers of chocolates, fries, sodas and sugar cereals pledged to cut back advertising aimed at kids to help file child obesity.
Yeah, it was a settlement. They're so magnanimous.
Well, if you let me continue.
To head off being forced off the air by law, major corporations like McDonald's, Coca-Cola, Mars and Kellogg said this week, they'll pair back ads during TV programming with the audiences that are over half children under 12 years of age.
Candymaker, Cadbury, Adams said it was suffering.
Yes, for its super sweet bubblegums beginning March 2008, software and can food programmer PepsiCo said it would limit its under 12 directed pitches to its forced rehydration and gain a rate and slow-fat baked Cheetos snacks.
The initiative was promoted by the USFTC and the Council of Better Business Bureau as a self-regulating business group.
Of the others in the group include Campbell Soup Company, General Mills, Hershey Foods, June Leaver and the last but in your case not least.
Craft Foods, that's the one.
I say that just for you, craft.
Which craft?
I don't know why you have this bug up here, answer my craft.
Shall we go over it again?
Yeah, 20 in time.
Real easily.
They're a factory farm organization.
They don't grow anything real.
They get everything.
They get everything.
They get everything.
That and everything tastes the same, which is like crap.
Craft.
Right, craft.
Everything's made out of sugar booger.
Everything has that pasteurized process, rubbery flavor to it.
Right.
And they stole my money at Epcot Center.
That's a why?
At the Epcot Center.
Oh, that's right.
You filled that story just to see.
I'll send that to mine.
I'll send that to mine.
Even Chris remembers that story, don't you?
No.
Well, let me just say this to you.
Wasn't that good that we wanted to hear it again?
No, it wasn't good.
It was just aggravating.
In fact, I'll tell you what wasn't that good that I wanted to see it again.
But that's kicking ass.
266 votes.
Samford and some favorite Teeny Black Show from the past.
381.
The Jefferson's 226.
No more content, maybe.
Not even a content.
Keeping in mind lots of folks love their vanilla ice cream.
It's day-o.
Miami Town.
The Jefferson's appeared at 56-O.
WQKM.
The Jefferson's 167.
It's the man's, the man with a lot of guns.
It keeps for fun.
And it's the full spectrum.
Ask you out when you're at the house of blues.
You should refuse.
At his home he'll say you must stay here.
He knows it's a gun you will feel.
I would rather see an avorector
than go on a date with Mr. Phil Specter.
On his walls, on lots, on records of gold.
Go and up cold.
I'm tired of here dead and cold.
Oi, you'll be dead and cold.
Dead and cold.
Bye bye bye!
