Man
Rosa Parks. Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson? Yeah! Sure, Rosa Parks were on the bus.
But Jack D. Robinson was an intelligent man and played with bowls in a major league of
a children's game. I mean, come on, who's the more for that black community? Rosa Parks
or Jackie Robinson? Huh?
Jack D. Robinson was my hero. Why, I can remember when I was a much younger man. And Jack
D. He was working at the Jack full of nuts. I walked up to him, shook his hand and
it, and sent him to it. You are my hero. Now get me a cup of coffee and make it black.
You think Rosa made coffee that heavily? No, I don't have any division. What do you want?
Yes, Mom. I think what you're doing here. Hey, hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you a black man? Yes. You can't tell a little phone. Who did more for the black
community? Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson? Oh, it's two separate things. What you're doing
is blurring the lies between social activism and not that I'm presumed as black. Oh, you
must have been disconnected through no fault of my own. Well, anytime, Tal, you're
going to the high thorns. More of it today. Tell me Jackie Robinson did more for the black
community. Rosa Parks or Nipsey Russell. Nipsey Russell. You don't understand what I'm
saying. Hell, you'll be talking, man. I'm going to get up. The food they want, head
right. The food they want and right. Now who did more? There's a box of slappy white.
Oh, yeah. Who could more? Rosa Parks or Rochester? Who could more? Who could more?
Who could more? Rosa Parks or Point Parks? No, no, that's none when he's left the other.
Let me take a step off. I'm eight hundred people. Yeah. Zoom. I'm very, my old pal Troy.
I'll see you in no more. Either one of them is a matter of fact. Well, you talk about a turnover,
even like an apple turnover or apple and doubty. Good guy. This businessman is like there's a revolving
door every station you work at, especially in the sales department, but also in the on air department as well.
They come in and go and then out to do no more mo 747 votes in a pool today. So far, not that I'm getting
into the pool yet, but I just mentioned that in passing 747. I was going to say when I see that number on
air 747 because I think you're getting on that big group, you know, Kevin crew, take your seats and fly
off to somewhere like you know, good. Couple of thanks is here this morning. First one it says
please no Marlins base. I'd rather hear all tapes of Neil Rogers doing UM baseball. Well, I would
agree with that. Tomorrow and oh boy, when we love the Marlins, it's a matter of fact tomorrow.
All right. Tomorrow at 1250, there are Marlins and the Red Socks from Jupiter. And now I think on Thursday they're
playing in Uranus, around Uranus, but then you're right. So that's another nice easy day for us tomorrow,
1250. Today's not a real easy day for me because if late this afternoon I got another dentist appointment, you know.
Oh, yeah. I was just kidding. When I was having my teeth cleaned last Wednesday. So she has the dentist come in at the end of the
year at the Ascent when she's all done. Yeah. And he sticks the mirror in your mouth. And then he, this particular
dentist, he gives you a handheld mirror so you can look at whatever he's looking at. And he shows
they've got like two cracked feelings, no cavities because how about that I have cavities on my teeth I've
filled anyway. But he shows me these two cracked feelings that he did. But it's not actually take two visits, you know. And you just
wonder if they're drumming up more business. That's possible. But then you probably had those feelings when you were a
youngster. No, I've had him a long time because I mentioned, you know, I'll be an old right. So it stands to reason that they
would be a little more. It is good work. I'll tell you that. It is great work. But it's only money. And then of course the big thing
now let's see. First we had the crazy astronaut and then we had Anna Nicole Smith into body and really about
composition and it smelled real bad and the kid and where does she go and where do we bury the
bitch. And now we got Ann Coder and Faggot. Yeah. All right. Sounds right up my alley so to speak. Well she knows
a lot of them. Please go on. Yeah. When she looks in the mirror, we do before she shades on and her boyfriend, her
faux boyfriend. Oh, you mean this this fudge? Yeah. I mean she is. He's the only guy that she's ever been seen in the company of.
Really? Yeah. Wow. What does that tell you? Let's bang Hag. Our Faggot. I'm sorry.
So here's a thing that says from somebody T Gan. Whoever that is. Hey, what's eating Ann Coder the same thing that a
Gilbert grape or something in her crotch? Oh, oh, sorry. Sorry if you're still eating breakfast or version of her.
Wow. Sorry. And J. W says me and another radio nerd are here listening to Drudge tonight, meaning last night I guess.
And we about lost it when Matt Rudge played the quote from Ann Coder using the word Faggot. The next thing he said at 11.08pm, I mean I listen to this guy down in
Miami, Neil Rogers and every other word out of his mouth is Faggot. Then after talking about man C for about two minutes again, he reiterated the
point mentioning Neil Rogers again saying Faggot that's all he says. Hey, Matt, you're a Faggot. While another closet
lister comes out, it says, although I knew he listened to the L.O. Of course he's listening right now. We all everybody in the world knows your
closet queen along with your good friend, name Coder. And for her talking about John Edwards being a Faggot, John Edwards is so boring anyway.
Well, anybody was there time with him, but it's just typical of her. She's a crazy person and it's like the pot calling the pedal pink.
She's a paid character assassin. There you go. Anyway, here's the poll result from Friday, but we got a lot of sex on the
poll lately. All right. Have you ever paid directly for sex? That was the question we asked on Friday and over the weekend we got 19, 19 votes,
tallies, whatever you want to call. Have you ever paid in the result? Pretty didn't change very much. And I told you it was going to be a lot more than that boring MSNBC poll.
The MSNBC poll 15% admitted yes, they had 85% say, oh no, not me. Oh no. We don't have all those goody tussies. We got a bunch of perverts, which is what we like.
Have you ever paid directly for sex? Note a thousand twenty two that's 53.2%. Yes, 758, 39.5%. Often 85 and I raised my both of my hands, often 85, 4.5%.
So that comes out to 40, almost 44% have paid for sex directly as opposed to indirectly. And I hate this poll only 54 to 0.8%. So how do you like that?
Mm-hmm. Of course to show you a lot of these polls. I mean, and of course that's for public consumption, where you see most normal people don't pay for sex. Real people, yeah, right. Almost half, half of this perverted audience.
At least one thing I'll say about this audience, you know, with little anonymity going, at least they tend to be somewhat honest occasionally.
Oh, but a little bit, not a whole lot. 774 votes out of this poll. We're going to make a thousand, Chris.
Okay. Well, I'm so excited about it. Usually like I'll whipped up like a frenzy. That's my last awakening. Okay, sorry.
How many sexual partners have you had sex with in your lifetime? Now again, all these polls are, you know, fact in who's this one? This is from somebody different.
All right, well, then Charlie B, whatever his name is, boy, he just, I got a pile of polls here last for the next 20 years.
How many sex partners have you had sex with in your lifetime? This is this will try to follow the bouncing balls. Okay. 6 to 10, 138. 11 to 20, 135, 2 to 5, 125.
21 to 30, 77. Are you following all these numbers? No. 31 to 50, 64, 51 to 152. Over 100, I'm a stud 47. That's certainly was my vote. Too much to make the count.
Over 100, I'm a stud 47, 138. Well, isn't that sweet? Now it's pretty depressing. What it is. Yeah, I like it.
It's whatever, whatever you want it to be. What's it? Who are we to judge? Okay. If it's one of the way, maybe it's the greatest person in the world we can only hope. Yeah, we, we pray to the sake over 100, I'm a slut 33.
None 19. Now there's the one that's really, uh, why maybe they're a bunch of young punks or maybe they just wrote test. You know, they don't know real sluts those girls that voted for the slut. Feel free to call in, leave your number. Okay, pictures.
None 19. I'm a priest. God only knows 16. I'm a priest. God only knows. What is sex? Now, see again, this is this guy to made the pull up. It's a fine pool.
But why would you put that on and 16 people voted for that? What is sex? And I hate this pool only 14 1.8%. They like it. How do you like that? That is a shocker that they like it.
Here's the lineup for today. It's Monday. It's March 5. Well, I've said it this year is March and on. It's just flying by zooming on by. Can't zoom by fast enough to me to get to that summer schedule. Oh.
And then with so toothy and Thursday, I'll be here and then Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Maybe we'll have tapes. I mean, we have George. Well, I bet you I bet you Jolly Joe is foaming at them. I'll think about that. You know, as much as he hates you, like poison or whatever reason. Do you think he must be probably on his hands in these right now. Puking at the bull. He's probably, uh, yeah.
That's OK. It's already the fifth of March. Let's see April, May, June three months and about 10 days. Nothing I'm counting. And then we're getting that great summer schedule. All right. Sounds like a real we knew to me. OK, two o'clock today. We got the mad dog.
4 to 5. It looks like a real pristine schedule. They too bad. There's no Marmon game. There is one, but we're not carrying it. Damn it. Power hour with Hank in the mad dog. 4 to 5. A Humpersolo, Hank over 5 to 7. Then the heat must be playing tonight. Right Chris?
I think so. Well, we got opening tip with Mimbo calls and seven. I have an hour. I beg your pardon. Then they're playing. Yeah, that's right. If we got opening tip, that means they look out for the big tip.
Hurricane hotline 730 to 930. Oh boy. That's good programming. Any K930 in midnight. And then that's that's it. Then of course it's like everybody goes away. It goes bye bye.
786 on the pool. I've already 800 very soon. What more do you want? We're going to take a million phone calls today. All the way may not get any.
That's why I got a really good pool. I got about 400 stories about mancoater. Hey, if Mr. Ruggers listening, you're fucking I don't want to say faggot on the year again, but your case. I'm making a exception.
That's out of the closet. You're right. For radio. You ain't so many. You are.
I'm going to be on. God.
And culture is a party girl party girl party girl party girl.
I'm her back.
In a really spirit that smells fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of a lot of water with the back alley. Look, if you like your brother's dollar. If you got the money, she'll spread those legs with a cigarette and a shot of man and culture and culture.
Political bond. The angel.
Okay, 1017 at 560 WN. And so let's start with a 400 and mancoater stories. I don't even want to waste my time on this, but your case.
She just a really sick twisted self hating piece of crap. But then again, what are you know, right when you're saying difference?
Trev, that's right. Aren't they all in recent years, she suggested that Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton and Al Gore have or may have homosexual tendencies. See, that sounds very familiar like one of our soft thought of Ojan provocateurs.
Always put in the finger. Everybody else is a faggot, but at a very time looking at their own closet, man.
And the skeletons are rattling so loud it sounds like the world's coming to an end. Now columnist slice author, man,
Coder is targeted former senator and current presidential candidate John Edwards. Now the Edwards campaign is respotted by trying to fundraise some culture cash.
Speaking Friday at the annual conservative political action conference, CPAC and Washington DC, Coder closer remarks with.
I was going to have a few comments on the other Democratic presidential candidate, John Edwards, but it turns out you have to go into rehab if you use the word faggot.
So I, so kind of an impasse can't really talk about Edwards.
Audience members appeared startled and many clapped and she opened the floor to questions. The event was carried on C-SPAN. Many newspapers covered the event.
But failed to mention the Coder's slur. Faggot.
But David Bonnier, the former congressman in Now Edward Campaign Manager, responded in the email to supporters,
this is just a taste of the filth that the right wing machine is gearing up to throw at us and now that it's begun we have a choice.
Do we sit back or do we fight back? I say we fight. He said help us raise $100,000 in Coder cash this week to show every would be Republican mouthpiece that their bigoted tax will not intimidate this campaign.
I just do in a hundred bucks he says will you join me? No, I will not.
By the way, Barack Obama made a speech in Somalabama this weekend that I saw on TV live that was so sensational.
He is one of the great orators in a long, long time. He's sensational. Great. Love him. Love you, a Barack.
Coder's attack was no accident. Happened on national TV in one of the year's biggest conservative conferences.
If we can raise $100,000 in Coder cash this week Bonnier said we can show that bigotry will only backfire and those will be using it.
Democratic Party Chief Howard Deanweiden later, there's no place in political discourse for this kind of hateful and bigot of comments.
While Democrats and Republicans made this degree on the issues we should all be able to agree that this is this kind of vile red work is out of bounds.
By the way, past or fair? Oh no. The American people want a serious, serious thoughtful debate on the issues.
Republicans, including the Republican presidential candidates who shared the pudding with Mancoder today, should announce their hateful remarks.
Bitch. On Saturday, Kevin Madden, the spokesman for Romney said it was an offensive remark.
Governor Romney believes all people should be treated with dignity and respect, even faggot.
The comments were wildly inappropriate said Brian Jones spokesman for McCain.
The remarks also drew disapproval from some popular conservative commentators.
And more so on his Captain's Coder's blog wrote, yeah, that's just what CPAC needs.
An association with homophobia. Nice work, man.
And Michelle Malcolm expressed disapproval and add her hot airstight regular contributor Brian wrote,
I'm no fan of John Edwards, but that's just a stupid joke. It's over the line. The laughter it generated across the room was more than little annoying.
Last year was raghead. This year it's calling John Edwards a faggot. Two years in a row, Coder's finished up and otherwise sharp CPAC routine,
with an obnoxious slur that liberals will think it can serve us for years to come. Thanks, Anne.
Vice President Cheney addressed the group on Thursday, Rudy Giuliani, the other name of a faggot daughter, yes.
Rudy Giuliani admit Romney appeared before her on Friday and John McCain skipped the event.
The New York Times Adam Nagrani failed to mention the crack about Edwards observing Saturday in the paper,
the conference drew thousands of attendees, many whom were doing a long line out the door for late afternoon to Prince by man,
Coder, the conservative author and commentator, later Saturday he posted a blog at me, New York Times.com that did discuss the Coder crack.
The Washington Post covered the conference, but didn't mention Coder at all, and soon as he reported,
needed the associated press which also attended. UPI did mention the faggot quote in its report.
The LA Times Saturday quoted Coder and even put the controversy in a headline,
it closed the article, and Giuliani spoke to him and said she had not heard the speech,
and Romney spoke and didn't return calls late Friday. The Post's Dana Milbank and a column for the Saturday paper observed,
Anne Coder used an anti-gay slur to describe, down in words, the line drew a pause and asked,
did Al Gore actually swallow Michael Moore? When a questioner asked Coder why she praises marriage,
but broke off so many engagements, she responded by calling the questioner ugly. Engagements? Wow.
I don't think she's probably ever even seen one of those things, you know, certainly not up close and personal.
No, I'm not close enough for the sniffest, I'll tell you that. Do you want to hear what Ms. Pregn said about you last night?
Sure, I'd love to hear that.
I mean, I listened to a guy down in Miami, Neil Rogers, who's been on the air for 30 years.
Every other word coming out of this guy's house, a mouthless faggot.
Every other word. Do you realize Miami Radio is filled with that word?
And I don't see you, you know, what great protest and all of this railing because it was done at the political convention.
I understand all that.
Right.
And all these people out there, they're high horses.
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, exactly. That's all she's got to say, Mr. Rick.
Well, you know, it's like dark folks, they use the in-word all the time and they can do it, you know,
and they do it regular with each other and with everybody else in all the music and no problem with the court of them.
For better or worse, you know that they're not a bigot when they use it because they are.
Right. Because that's what they are. And the same with me, I'm a faggot and I have no problem with that.
If anybody calls me, you old faggot. Well, why can't it bother me?
So that's the difference, Ms. Fudge, but it sounds to me like you're protesting way, way too much.
He's got to cover for his beard, you know.
Yeah, he's got to cover for Mrs. Fudge. Right, Mr. Mrs. Fudge.
I wonder what Fudge Brown, where she is in this picture.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
Don't be certain. That crap. No, no.
824 votes on the pool. How many sex partners have you had sex within your lifetime? Kind of an interesting pool.
Too many sex pools related to a man. It's nothing at all like whipped up, not...
Now, thinking about that, then this kind of like puts me into kind of a semi-coma.
Because like you were saying last week, now the teeth cleaning went very easily.
Very painless, not a minimum of bleeding and puking and whatever.
And we're just fine. But then of course he finds the two cracked fillings.
And you know, late this afternoon it's going to be a lot of drilling and oh, drilling and filling it.
No, drilling into putting more of that crap in there. Oh, whatever. I can survive it.
Let me ask you, does that witness there give you the gas?
No. Because I've never had that pleasure. He might have a little gas. He's a large in.
Oh, well. But anyway, how many sex partners have you had sex with in your lifetime?
824 tallies on there. And again, this is difficult to meet the results of this because it's so a lot of numbers.
You know, and evidently these people have done a lot of numbers. What's wrong with that?
They're hopefully good numbers. 11 to 20, 148. That seems to be...
Well, it's pretty close. 6 to 10, 143 and 2 to 530. So those three are like within shooting distance, so to speak.
21 to 30, 85, 21 to...
About 30, man.
31 to 50, 68, 51 to 100 partners, 56.
Of course, you don't know how these people are. If you're like an old far like me and you've had a zid, you know, there's one thing.
But if you're like 20 and you've had 51 to 100, you're busy. That's all I can tell you.
You're busy and probably pretty happy. 56. Over 100, not a stud, 49. Yes.
141. Which can either be a wonderful thing, a wonderful lifelong committed relationship with two people who are in, maybe, other desperate.
You know what I mean?
1 was an accident or was like a rape or whatever. Over 100, not a slut, 37. None, 21.
That ought to be their slogan across the street, you know, at the so-called ticket. That's our audience, man.
None, 21. Or they could do like none, 79.
When you notice how March 1st went and came, I think the judge courtists is rumor about them shutting down. I think it was a little premature evaluation.
None, 21. I'm a priest. God only knows...
Only know 17. What is sex 16? It's still the thing that this guy put on the poll when he said it.
And we put it on there and 16 people say, what that? What that?
And of course with our crowd, it's pretty believable, actually. And I hate this poll only 15, 1.8%. Out of 8, 27.
So 11 to 20 partners. And again, like I said, it doesn't really mean an awful lot unless you know the ages of the people who are casting the vote. Am I right about that or am I wrong? Right.
But then again, it's just for kicks anyway, just for fun, just a little of some...
Absolutely.
Uh huh.
And colds up again, my fount, my fun, on the TV and the radio.
But she writes really nasty things. Now everybody knows what the poll is called.
She makes conservative school.
Well, she made those weirdos mad, but with the mean things that she must have.
But, but, hold somebody just grab that bitch, slap her upside the head.
Oh, okay.
She's cool.
What a bit of bullfool.
Huh?
Don't want to hear no more about it.
I just wish somebody would shut her up.
Well, if Anne likes she so, I tough, but, but...
Well, why don't we find out, but, but...
Order in a room with Rosie O'Donnell and see which one comes out to her for school.
But Rosie would move.
Let's make Anne snack a little longer by giving her an uppercut to the job.
Oh, how about an uppercut to the Adam Zappel?
Oh, big target.
Oh, my man.
Woo, heavy duty.
I challenge Mr. Rudge to come out of the closet on ear on Sunday night.
I've heard in all 50 states the Mr. Rudge program.
Mr. Rudge, come on wherever you are, Mr. Rudge.
Come on, sweetie.
Oh, you're a beard.
Wow.
Anyway, here's my few Hubbard rights, little Miss Id in this working chip.
Like I said, I've only got like 600, well, there's other stuff in my pile here.
Plus, it doesn't look like there are going to be any calls today.
I can't even imagine one.
Nothing going on except mancoater.
Anything else going on in the world?
No.
No, dead people in Iraq, but, you know, who's counting?
Did he stop counting at this point?
And, um...
Now, last night, oh, I know what I want to do before I do this article here.
From last, the spiked TV land all day yesterday was like Godfather intensive.
Commence the promise to resort over the street territories in the Bronx after he died.
You took over and you didn't give it to him.
I love you, Werylch.
Commence the promise, then we'll go out.
What's gonna happen?
Commence the promise to nothing.
He hated those sort of pictures more than night.
Frankie, they feel cheated.
Mike, are you sitting high up in the Sierra mountains?
And you're drinking, uh, what's he doing?
It's champagne.
It's champagne, champagne cocktail.
And you're playing some judgment on how I've got my thing.
Two families.
One more photo of a new one in Koleona.
And two hundred people have been respected in the family.
I'm on it in the name of Mancetta, no man chose Vegas.
And no man chose Miami.
Conning my walls.
Thank you.
I love you.
You will loyalty my father for years.
True is that, our brothers, could take us to this...
...shoot night.
He's been right in my face.
All because the back got by that shoe in my hand.
I know.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Walker's little dog on column 7.
Everybody loves Meyer Lansky, okay?
But don't play that Jackie Mason thing again.
Boy, what about that?
Oh, that's one of my very favorites of all time.
On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach,
Lansky became an elder statesman, a living legend.
The most pious Jews in the world, the Miami Beach,
or the holiest people to whom God has everything.
Even God wasn't close to Meyer Lansky.
So as they saw Meyer Lansky forget about God,
Dish was God.
Oh, wait a minute. Suspicious package in Miami,
details shortly on CNN.
Oh, suspicious package.
Yeah, it looks like an older transistor radio.
The wait ship from the felons.
If you walked on the street, they would talk about how slow he walked out first.
That he had a dog, a cow, a horse, that he said,
don't get up, but try to go on time.
We're in this little deli down in Miami Beach.
And these two young boys came up with Yamaha.
Because they were kind of looking at my graph.
And I was kind of standing on the background.
And they came up with some Mr. Lansky.
We'd like to get your autograph.
And he kind of looked down serious.
I didn't know my graph.
But he was, what did I do when it came out of the award?
And so, well, we figured it would be worth some money some day, Mr. Lansky.
He said, no sir, I don't say an autograph.
I don't say an autograph.
But here's something for you.
Shut up, Bing.
So anyway, do you, are you watching this thing on CNN?
No.
It's like, I don't know where the hell this is,
but it's like out in the middle of a yard somewhere.
And it looks like a briefcase.
And they got a guy like in a space suit.
You know, the bomb squad guy.
Yeah, the bomb squad is there when a bomb agrande baby.
And it's like a, yeah.
Oh, look at him.
With the system starting with the hospital.
And they're showing split screen as other crap on here.
So we can't get any audio on this.
I think I just have to put a book over there in the other screen.
Yeah, with the eye patch.
Well, anyway.
Matthew Hubbard writes on the smoking chip.
Look at the right.
And that's a spacious package in Miami.
Because it looks like somebody left their briefcase on the ground.
And Colter said, Faggot, stop the press's rights, Matthew.
As a matter of public record, Ms. Colter is called for the assassinations.
Of both the sitting president and Supreme Court justice.
She wished in print that Timothy McVeigh could have blown up the New York Times
instead of the Maraud building or Oklahoma City.
But now a coy joke about being unable to talk about John Edwards without using the word Faggot.
And Republican presidential candidates are feeding the need to distance themselves from her.
What's the matter? Are they Faggot?
Seriously, why is it taken until now to have any person consequence on the right wing denounce this woman?
The right often be little, anything that smacks up political correctness, a code phrase for them about being polite about people, they not so secretly detest.
Anyone who isn't politically correct is just telling it like it is, and their audience lapsed it up.
The little guy, the mob, who's been told that Rush or Billow or Sean speaks for them, fear is saying the words themselves
and the love of the hear them spoken.
And so they have Anne Colter, Little Miss Id.
She certainly isn't a voice in the movements on the right.
Plenty of high-profile conservative commentators have voiced their political opponents dead, or abused or derogatory terms for people they don't respect.
Michael Savage lost a TV gig for telling a car to get AIDS and die.
Rush Limbaugh lost a completely undeserved TV spot on the ESPN for saying Egos quarterbacked out of it and McNambe was overrated and given a free-passed
telling a car to get AIDS and die.
Rush Limbaugh lost a completely undeserved TV spot on the ESPN for saying Egos quarterbacked out of it and McNambe was overrated and given a free pass by the Louisville sports media because he's black.
Pat Robertson wanted to nuke the Colin Powell Run State Department and call for the assassination of Hugo Chavez.
None of these people are collecting unemployment checks that were no danger of losing their audience.
Let me say here a few kind words for the id. Some of the greatest comedians of the past 50 years have been the id-made flesh, Lenny Bruce, Richard Prior before the fire.
Sarah Silverman now and P.B. Herman 20 years ago, all different, all original, all id, all the time.
All of these things.
Even the kinder, gender-time W.C. fields, the Marx brothers, and the three stuages were all about doing insane things that no one could get away with in polite company.
Some of it was aimed at kids and some of it more mature audiences. Still, id.
Let me name two others. One funny and one not so funny. Sam Kinnison and Andrew Dice Clay.
I love Kinnison. I saw him when he was just hitting it big and his was the most disgusting, most violent I've ever laughed out loud at.
I never saw Dice Clay alive, but when I saw his act on TV was revolting, I lost friends because they thought he was funny.
He's trying to make a comeback now and I hope he's another reality TV shipwreck, but given the time he may find an audience.
It would be easy to portray Kinnison together, and many did especially because they're vicious attitudes, where he's so predominantly a woman.
But there's an important distinction. Andrew Dice Clay acted as though he was the coolest guy on the planet when he degraded women and his idiot audience faded up.
Kinnison had some idiot fans as well, but if he looked a little closer, the wellspring of his comedy had a different source.
Kinnison on stage played a man whose bad relationships with women had sent him off the deep end.
That persona wasn't cool. He was the ranting guy in the commuter train you didn't want to make eye contact with.
Sadly, famed drugs and forms of idiot fans turned him into a stage persona 24-7.
This is not to say there's no aid on the left. Of course, we have a dark side. We all have bloody thoughts.
Just look at the response stand, quote, or you'll find them on bloggers and commentators on this website and others.
Just as been a lot and could not have hoped for a more self-destruction reaction from American Post-9-11, we on the left often give Ms. Coder everything she wants and more when we react to her pathetic cries for attention.
The left also jumps predictably into the growls of hatred at the provocative comments of Dick Cheney.
Admittedly, his disgusting worldview is more important than Ms. Coder's by several orders of magnitude when the bomb attack in Afghanistan was conflated into a tenth on Cheney's life.
Seriously, how far away from this thing was he? The hoppy and post-comment board went into an extended two-minute hate so much so that the thread was shut down.
This became red meat for Rush Limbog show the same day.
Brief interlude of sucking up to those who don't pay me. I'd rather post here than a huff pole. You get a better class of commenters in general and significantly better comments off of our meaning-sporking chimp.
But there's a significant difference between the mainstream media and the right-wing counterpart. MSM has a functioning super-ego as does what passes for left-wing media as well. The right-wing media does not.
There are consequences for bad behavior on a real newspaper at a real TV news department. Jason Blair was caught lying and he was fired by the New York Times as were several of his editors.
The story is the same for Stephen Glass at the New Republic. Bad Republican and into career as long as Dan Rathers.
Inattropried on air comments can get you fired as Michael Savage or Marcel Lombard when they try to enter the mainstream.
That Glenn Beck still has a gig on CNN as proof that the bar is getting lower as we speak but his 15 minutes may soon come to an end as well.
In the right-wing media lying in inflammatory comments are the way to get ahead.
Anything goes and pursuit of more bookstays or higher ratings, hell even giving away troop movements and being thrown out of a rack by the army is the reason to lose your job as to Ravira.
To call these people pundits or journalists as a sick joke, the lump-stest pulls like regulatory publishing and Fox News Channel in with legitimate media is like discussing Olympic wrestling and pro wrestling as though there was no meaningful difference.
And so goes our national dialogue. We treat the insane and intention star visit they deserve the same level respect as the rational and often let them start a screaming match because we've given them the sequel footing.
We forget to act like adults when faced with these over-aged badly behaved adolescents being the adult is hard sometimes.
Here's a word of advice screaming at crazy people is not an effective method to get them to calm down.
Screaming at crazy people.
Oh right. I've been doing that for 31 years. What's wrong with that?
Screamer.
Faggot.
869 votes on award-wing over-sex to pull.
It's big in a boat of us.
On the 9-11 widows and in particular a group that have been outspoken and critical of the administration.
These frauds are millionaires. Lionized on TV. I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much.
Yeah.
And culture so bad.
Jesus is full of hate.
Next to everybody angry gets the lip of all worked up.
Worship by the fox news gang.
Cautious is blonde and tall.
But if she ever landed on me thing no one would care at all.
You could be a widow. You could be a priest.
You know that's a damn gift if you ever disagree.
Wonder what she's saying.
Get my drop in verbal bombs.
She supports our soldiers by attacking green-brain bombs.
Can you make her go away?
Can we break your skinny lips?
We wish each other face.
But if all get in the way.
She won't let any way.
You said one thing we should say.
And don't just let us go.
And don't just let us go.
Because they're to speak out.
To speak out using the fact that their widows.
How about sending in somebody we're allowed to respond to?
No, no, no. We always have to respond to someone who just had a family member dog.
Because then we respond to all your questioning their offences.
They were using their grief in order to make a political point.
These broads are millionaires.
You think my shape was responding?
I've never seen people enjoying their husbands' deaths so much.
Yes, they're all over the news.
She had the balls and obviously does.
But if she had the co-hons to come out of the closet as the hateful,
sour bull like that, she could say faggot.
All this others don't know about the widows.
Almost everything she says is unacceptable anyway.
Not just politically incorrect, but humanly incorrect.
It is a big difference between politically correct, which is a crock or crap.
And humanly incorrect, just based on common sense,
uncommon decency, which she doesn't have any.
But the interesting part of it is that her book's got like hotcakes,
and every time she's on, it's all the right wingers, they grab it.
And just like the article said, up until now,
because she's so far over the top.
And it's like, oh gee, she said faggot, you know, all I crap.
Where were they when she was doing all the other stuff?
Like the thing about the anhydn level widows.
Yeah.
Where the hell were they?
They probably are elected.
And in fact, see, this is the thing about the right wing.
Let's not pull any punches about it.
This is where they're coming from.
Hate.
And that's why the self-hating gaze and self-hating blacks and self-loving Jews,
that's why they're in the right wing, because that's where they're coming from.
They hate themselves.
Whatever it is in themselves that they can't deal with, they hate it.
And so they extend it to everybody else who might be in what's filled in the category,
fill in the f*** blank.
As in faggot.
US soldier deletes AP photographers, photos, and threatens violence.
Following the suicide bombing and ensuing gunfight between Afghan militants
and American soldiers on Sunday,
a US soldier demanded that an associate that press photographer delete his photos.
The photographer, Amat Gould, did not witness the suicide attack with the gun battle report,
the AP, but was in a vicinity.
Gould and the video cameraman working for AP television news were taking pictures of a vehicle
inside which four people have been shot to death.
When a US soldier demanded that Gould delete his photos, the report continues,
Gould said he later received permission to take photos from another soldier,
but that the first soldier came back and angrily told him to delete the photos again.
Gould said the soldier then raised his fists as he was going to strike him.
US military had, they were modest, but a beast bit of a moot bit about.
WQIM faggot line, hello.
Not there.
What a shame.
I thought there was going to be our first call of a great week.
You'll see WQIM, hello.
OK, 0 for 2, and line 9, you know what line 9 is going to be.
WQIM, hello.
No, that's not fair.
Is there any doubt?
Is there any doubt?
So that's the mark to a really good start.
0 for 3 on the phone so far.
4 for 3, not good.
Although we got 882 votes,
by the end of the hour, we have like about 900.
And Chris marks these down like a graph.
You know, like a chart.
That's right.
Yeah, to see how, like kind of checking your temperature by sticking that thermometer
in somewhere like in your mouth or in your rectum.
And as a matter of fact, listen, don't pass it at a good idea for all you people out there.
Don't use the thermometer all around the family, you know.
Oh, it'll pass it around.
Don't pass it around because some people take their temperature in their mouth and some in their rectum.
There's a rectal thermometer.
So don't be passing it around and like follow what I'm saying, you might be passing something else around.
Just a good rule of thumb.
Yeah, hold it up to the start before you use it.
What, you're thumb?
Yeah, hold up that thumb like they're hitting the corner there.
Who is there?
Is it Tom thumb or pulled out a pull?
Little jack corner.
Little jack corner sat in the corner eating his whatever.
Chris was a pie.
Eating his little mufits, curds in way.
Where there's a will, there's a curve.
And of course, then he joined people for the American curds.
And then they went to a rack and far and they fought the she-as in the Sunnis and all this crap, you know.
WQAM, hello.
Catchy line.
Oh, for four.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi there.
Yes, sir.
It's about 2,770.
Yeah.
WQAM, oh, for five.
QAM, hello.
Oh, I got it.
QAM.
Oh, for six.
QAM, hello.
Oh, for seven.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, you need George?
No, this is Neil.
You want George?
Hi, no, Neil.
I want to talk to you.
I want to go away to have a meal.
Where's Neil?
Call him.
Yes.
Yes.
Well, first of all, I'm getting pretty proud of you.
There was John Revolta and with Tom Cruise and with our color that I've done, and then
I'm colder and more.
You were an American Jewish woman.
Uh-huh.
Can you believe it?
I believe whatever you say.
Well, the thing is that, tell me.
Well, my family will denounce you, you know, around me if I, if they know I'm calling you.
Well, screw them.
That's right.
I can't say that, but for you to tell them.
I just want to tell you that I enjoy listening to you.
At the beginning, I was worried about it because, you know, being Jewish and Cuban, you know,
you're always talking about the Jewish.
Yeah.
You know, we're talking about the Jewish and the Cuban.
So it's like a double whammy for me.
Yeah.
But when my friends told me, just listen to him for me.
Fun of it.
The joy of it.
The entertainment.
So the pure joy of my...
Exactly.
I just feel good.
I got it.
I got it.
So now I listen to you all the time and I just love you.
Well, good.
I want you to have another 31 years and that's all that I wish for you.
Thanks for having me.
I'm going to stop putting down the Cubans and the Jews.
You know how we are.
You know, we have a lot of problems already.
Yeah, we have problems.
We all have problems.
That's all we have to stick together.
You know, Jews and Cubans, they rule.
They rule.
We're brutal.
They're sticking together.
Okay, so we have to see us.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Okay, really view out, Chris.
You know, how many trouble?
I want you to be famous.
You know, I mean to be famous.
I'm not going to be very famous.
I was born for Christ's sake.
This is a week of speech.
A week of speech.
A week of speech.
Yeah, they do violence.
They're in a great mother's neighborhood.
And I tell you, everything with that school is old.
And I bought it and it jumped.
Go.
And I think they can't replace.
How I earned my family without you on my back.
All right, I want those Rosado brothers.
They're stuck.
No.
Mort.
Mort.
I'm pause.
Now I have business that's important with Heim and Roth.
I don't want it disturbed.
Boy!
Can you give you loyalty to a Jew before you undelied?
Come on, Dranky, you know my father did business with Heim and Roth.
He respected him.
He thought that the business was fine and rough.
Your father respected Heim and Roth.
But your father never tried the night and roll it.
It's a frinky pentangially, it's so good.
And like I was told to her before the show today, there were so many sensational, spectacular performances in all of God's fathers.
That, you know, he's just overlooked most of the time.
Remember we took the poll on, he did pretty well.
You're going to poll your favorite Godfather character.
He did well for me, but he didn't know no Godfather.
But he said, yeah, ensure.
It was between the brothers' K.
You know, and then there's the scene when she says,
it was that Borscht Michael, it was the right, it was Lord, I wouldn't bring another one of you, I didn't do it.
And he does want his angry scenes, man.
Alphachina was so great, and it was the angry scene, those eyes starting back on the third day.
But those 10, 54, 5, 60, WQM on a really neat Monday, March the 5.
Now let's see, the I'dzah marches 10 days, the way that's March the 15, right?
Correct.
Wow.
897 votes on our sex survey here to see how busy this audience has been.
Obviously, pretty, you know, they've been spreading it around pretty good.
Kind of like peanut butter.
Don't eat that peanut butter, it's got mung in it.
How many sexual partners have you had sex with in your lifetime?
897, 11 to 20 seems to be when 161.
So if you're like 16, you had 26 partners, that means, you know, one every three years, right?
Right.
But like if you're 20 and you started, like say, when you were like 15,
the average seems to be going up a little bit.
Like, what, what is that?
A five, a four year.
6 to 10, 148, 2 to 5, 141, 21 to 30, 96, 31 to 56 partners, 77, 51 to 163.
Well, I tell you, if you're like 18 or 19, you've got 51 to 100, you are.
You don't have time to be attending class or going to work, you're busy.
Over 100 number stud 54.
See, I never really thought of myself as a stud, but that, you know, I had to vote for that
because I was the only one that can't agree with the fit.
How would you account for it?
Look, what?
Your success.
Desperation, I see.
Perversion.
Per perseverance.
1, 42.
Over 100 number, slot 39, George, once your number.
None, 23.
Well, that's sad.
Well, they might be just young punks, you know, like, but I doubt it.
Maybe they really grow test and they smell really bad.
They got, like, all kinds of mungering out of their armpits and stuff.
I hate this pool 19, 2.1% pretty low.
I'm a priest, got only nose 19.
Damn, God!
And the, what is sex 17?
Just the silhouettes, the silhouettes.
And what did I tell you?
By the time we got to the top of the hour, we'd have 900 votes.
Does it mean a damn thing?
No.
Absolutely not, of course, but we got 901.
Kind of, like, just for fun.
Hunter, shall we?
Jack!
This is your buddy.
I wish I could have it today.
Hictors obtained by TMZ.com allegedly sheltered Smith's body.
In bed with a Bahamian minister who granted her citizenship.
I need you to come quickly because it's getting mally in here.
The bait among the opposing attorneys won't feed it at times.
Hunter and the crowd.
Oh, what did God's name is that dreadful smell?
Why does it smell like monkey feces, y'all?
I hope that they should say it is a high bacteria count.
People are advised to avoid contact with Smith's body.
There's already sick in hundreds of people across the country.
Yeah, that video is too graphic to see the...
We'll give you more information as we go.
Okay, and it, of course, smells like monkey feces.
Why?
Probably.
It's not good.
I can't even imagine what monkey feces smells like.
Can you?
Like, feces of some sort?
Feces of the species?
What about you?
How about you, QAN?
Hey, Nis.
Yes, sir.
A couple things.
You know, it's getting tough to listen to Bob and Tom.
They were reading excerpts from the drug report and given it validity lab.
It's been a week like it really was something to take into consideration reliable source.
Yeah, exactly.
And one other thing, you know, I've been watching the news where they'll have chain-year.
One of these other completed hits on them.
It's easy to talk about how if we get out of Iraq, they're going to follow at home.
What are they doing when they know that this thing's going to fail in a year or two or three like it already has?
And we have to get out of there.
Are they doing anything to protect us now from them following it?
What are they going to do?
They're not going to be in power anymore.
So they're going to leave all the mess to whoever succeeds in that's what they're going to do.
That's been the plan all along.
You know, just keep funding along, keep sacrificing life.
And then Leah handed over to an impossible situation whoever follows.
Did you catch 60 minutes last night with the GAO government accounting office lead accountant saying that in 20 or 30 years the country's going to be completely bankrupt.
And there's really nothing.
We can do right now unless we seriously start paying down the debt because the interests on the loans are going to be so astronomical.
And then again, the course of the Chinese wake up in the wrong mood one day, rather business anyway.
Well, they said that Chinese and the Japanese already own own a sweep.
We owe more than $1 trillion as it is.
Absolutely correct.
It's all over Neil Cauterpath, Ford's figure, head in the ground, and kiss your butt to butt.
I'll see you at the border, Ray.
Bye.
Oh, Canada.
934 votes in a pool.
Why don't you buy the bottom of the air?
We're going to be close to 1,000.
We're going to be on the brink of something really great on the brink, but it do stink.
That doesn't matter.
I want those risotto, but it's dead.
You're going to pick a jewel of your own family.
Isn't it great that they got the ability to hear something on a radio and call it anew?
I think that's great.
From then, Sir, promise the risotto brothers three territories in the Bronx after he died.
I love this one.
You took over and you didn't give it to him.
I love you, Welsh.
Yeah, come and have problems, devilwax.
What's going on?
Come and have problems with nothing.
He hated those sides of the picture more than night.
Hey, Frankie, five angels.
Yeah, I love that scene where Tom Hagen comes and tells him about how he's got to commit suicide.
You know, when he's in behind the offensive.
It's a real bit of bird.
Yeah, they opened up their wrists, but I beat, but I bought, but I've been, you know, and...
He did.
Took the old razor blade and, you know...
I don't know.
If you were suicidal, what would be the least objectionable way to commit suicide?
I think there's no...
Pills and booze.
No.
No, not that, because then, oh man.
You just fall asleep and don't wake up.
Is that what it is?
A lot of pills and a lot of booze?
Yeah.
Remember the heavens' gate people?
They had that, the poison pudding with a sleeping pills and an alcohol?
Yeah.
Yeah, four hundred pounds.
We are from the heavens' gate.
Could you wait a few hours for your blood to cut off your nuts and drain what coldly apples are?
Right, cut off your nuts.
Well, that probably is a good way to start.
Ooh.
Maybe that's what Frankie potentially really didn't in real life, you know.
Little slice of life.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
Hey, new cotton bat.
There's something you're muckling at.
I've no one to ever set that.
How about Joseph Cotton, baby?
How about Ross Batten, the harness driver at Western Fair, now we're talking.
See, I can find you can come up with almost any name in the world.
I come up with the harness driver with either the first name, the last name, middle name, all of these things.
All of these things.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
Mr. Neal.
Yes, sir.
I need more sound bites for my lunch time.
Sound bites or what?
Sound bites.
Bites?
Like that.
Yeah, bite this.
56670560, pound 560.
I sort of be taken a million calls today and promising a good ones.
We had a couple.
A couple real people on there.
I'll ran slowly 1105.
Oh, there's Hank.
Look at that.
And the able to start.
Barbara Star.
Every time Barbara Star comes on CNN, George comes up with a grotesque line.
Oh, Hank's on TV, you know.
That's wrong.
He's not a nutty guy to hate.
Well, what is it then?
I'm not sure.
Shot at her.
She's a woman.
She doesn't look like Hank Goldberg.
She's a woman.
She looks like a guy.
Yeah, from the chin up, I guess.
Although, she doesn't have an ungodly face.
She makes glasses.
She doesn't have all the other chin, though.
But the bitch of people, she plays a mean chin ball.
Like Tom.
Ooh, who would have thought?
940 on the pole.
940 on the dial.
Which used to be a great radio station.
Used to be WINZ.
I worked there.
Of course, I worked everywhere in this time.
WINZ.
Well, those are the days, man.
940 with Frank Motek.
And who else worked there back then?
Trying to think.
They even haisely all these pretty boring people.
567, of course, Alice ran tell with Jason Miss Motek all over Tom.
And oh, Miss Motek.
Miss Motek had the hots for it.
And then Miss Motek got married and turned out to be a heterosexual.
Sorry about that, Alice.
WINZ.
Hello.
Saturdays on QAM.
There's something real fishy going on.
Yeah, that's for damn sure, yeah.
WINZ.
QAM.
Did I punch it?
Or is it just just there?
It's a yeah.
Yeah, I keep you heard me hit it again, right?
Yeah, and I hit it again.
There it goes.
Oh, there it is finally.
And it's now it's on hold.
QAM, hello.
Michael, you don't come to Las Vegas and talk to Mo Green like that.
No, no, talk to a male like Mo Green like that.
Fredo?
Yeah, and he slams the paper.
And I love you.
But I'm never tied to this.
I'm just the family again.
Very good.
You need to go back to rehearsal.
Yeah, you better go back and get the script again, Pally,
because you left some very important words out.
As a matter of fact, speaking of Mo Green,
I do love that clip, the Mo Green one.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Here's the facts from Paul and the Gables, who says,
I guess you could say that Miss Colder has a self-deficating.
A self-deficating sense of humor.
That's self-deficating, self-deficating, isn't it?
Yes, she's sure if she's all ass, all right?
She's all Adam Sackle and Ash.
That's her.
Oh, you can't say that.
Miss Drudge will say things about you on the ear again.
Yeah, thanks for listening, Miss Drudge.
Okay?
He's over there on a beach in his zaccondo
that probably Richard Mellon's safe is paying for.
And he's got the thing cracked up so a lot.
He's getting good vibration.
He's probably sitting on a radio.
He's probably sitting on the old speaker right now.
On his fat ass.
What a stupid hat on.
You think he wears the hat in the house to cover that chrome dome?
Yes.
What a jackass.
Where's it in this shower?
Really?
I wonder who he's in there with.
Not me.
He's in there with Miss Foley.
She ain't doing much these days.
QAM, hello.
You're fairy.
No, it's Faggot.
Get it right.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I do.
Okay.
Hey, think I'm funny.
Huh?
Think I'm funny?
No.
I'm a clown.
I'm here to you.
No.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, you guys know who the father of an Nicole's baby is, right?
Yeah.
Well, good, because it's the biggest no-brainer in the history of Earth.
Yeah.
Okay.
And nobody cares.
Nobody with a brain cares.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Have a different life.
Yeah, but you have a different life, all right, than anybody else.
Well, in fact, when I get a search party, maybe they can go out and fight with me.
I have no life.
Smuck.
Over and over and over on.
And I know what I don't give a crap, I could hear a lesson.
It's already the fifth, which means Friday's payday.
Because Saturday is the tenth.
Friday's payday.
Ah!
This is where it comes at.
The tenth and the 25th, man.
That's what this whole game is all about.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
Is this Neil?
This is me.
Is this you?
Yes, sir.
I'm calling up this, I just could tell you real quick, a long time listener.
My son, two years ago, joined the Air Force.
And I'm just warning the young Americans out there.
He is Friday afternoon in England.
He was told, pack your bag, get ready.
Sunday morning, 04.30.
He's in Fort Lewis in the Army.
He's in an attachment.
And in April, he will be in Fallujah on the ground with a 50 millimeter, 50, I don't know,
but I'm going to be in the Army.
Thank you.
Yeah, don't let your kids go sign it up so they can become a human sacrifice for Bushco and Min
Nazis.
Because that's what it's all about, human sacrifice.
We're not talking about sacrificing your time, we're talking about sacrificing your life, your
limbs, all of these things.
All of these things.
949 votes on the pool on the sex pool and of course, and during the course of the pool,
by the way, there's no prohibition for you finding some more extra sex partnership,
like, increase.
That's right.
You can change your role a little bit.
You know, in fact, if you're really close to one of those, you know, borders there,
you don't want to go out and get you a quick one so that you can vote for the higher category.
Hey, Lightning, lucky for you, I like the borderline, which I'm sure many of these people
are going to be like S&CKM.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you
have to depend on is your car.
With Joukenu Seth Donza rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Karalar,
now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable field, you vaguen M.F.
Remember when we used to post a packet of Caribbean, can't we order to get up on the finish
bay?
The white ones are cooler.
Get away from my portable field, you vaguen M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object serious with, for a bad thing like that.
Get away from my portable field, you vaguen M.F.
Get away from my portable field, you vaguen M.F.
Remember some best tries to steer my car?
I feel safer, it was an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable field, you vaguen M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Karalar now, and receive a free flower into the
window.
Get away from my portable field, you vaguen M.F.
An old Jewish guy named Eisen Karalar now, well, they're all there stories.
I haven't played that in a long time, but I thought there was something bad in it that
we are all f***ing.
Very that's just as fine as DIY man, it's not damn thing wrong with it.
And of course, who don't like Mr. Eisen?
Boy!
One more story about mancoater, one more column, who the hell wrote this?
This is on the raw story, can't get much more raw than mancoater.
I don't get any raw than that.
A popular commentator's gay slur at a key political conservative conference in Washington
drew straw protests, what I say drew straw protests, straw.
Yesterday as Republicans rushed to listen to themselves, mancoater now spoke conservative
punitive widely seen in print on TV and radio, suggested Friday that Democratic presidential
candidate John Edwards was a f*** at the annual meeting in Washington of the Influential
Conservative Political Action Committee.
I was going to have a few comments on the other Democrats who were already written that.
But two days afterward Democrats were bashing coder for hate speech and Republicans including
leading candidates who attended the same conference rejected her language.
It would be better in my opinion not to have a CPAC at all than to have one that presents
conservatism as a hostile people hating ideology, although that's what it is, an ad right
an hour, whose National Center for Public Policy Research was one of the paying sponsors
for CPAC.
We consider this have enough trouble overcoming the false things that are said about us to
write, without paying for a platform upon which we shoot ourselves annually in the foot
she wrote on her web blog, Yes, Turd Day.
On his campaign website, Edwards said that in her remarks Republican mouthpiece and
coder brought hate speech politics to a new low.
In America we strive for equality and embrace diversity to kind of hateful language
used as no place in political debate or our society at large.
In addition, which he ain't no f*** at anyway that we know of, right?
It's got a wife you know, right kids and whatever.
Let them know.
Oh yeah, no, no.
You put a good act if he is.
Yeah.
Hosted by the American Conservative Union, the annual CPAC meeting gathered as the country's
leading conservative politicians and thinkers to promote their cause, this year's event
threw several candidates to the Republican nomination next year's presidential race including
Rudy Giuliani, Mitt Romney, and expected candidate Newtie Gingrich, oh my god, I thought he
was neutered already.
Who is he kidding?
The most prominent speaker at the event was Vice President Dick Cheney, whose daughter is
Jay.
New York Times reported yesterday that candidate John McCain, who was not at the CPAC
meeting, branded coders slur wildly inappropriate.
Not just inappropriate, but wildly inappropriate.
The newspaper's website also quoted a spokesman from Mitt Romney was endorsed at the meeting
by coder as saying it was an offensive remark.
Governor Romney believes all people should be treated with dignity and respect.
Coder is known for her sharp vocal and written attacks against Democrats and liberals made
news of the 2016 PAC when she referred to airb's and Muslims as ragheads.
Oh my god.
What kind of a slime ball would do that?
Huh?
Even on this show.
Uh, who may I be helping you today?
Hey.
Would you please be having a proofs there, big cheese?
We are having a sale on camera.
We have a lot of many flavors.
We have a lot of many flavors.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
We have a print that is not tasty.
He calls people ragheads all the time to ant-faggot.
How about a right-head faggot?
There must be something.
Oh, I'm sure that there are.
You'll hear me when I tell you.
Oh, I'm sure that there are.
You'll hear me when I tell you.
Oh, I'm sure that there are.
You'll hear me when I tell you.
Oh, I'm sure that there are.
You'll hear me when I tell you.
Oh, I'm sure that there are.
You'll hear me when I tell you.
Romney 21%, Juliannie 17%, Sam Brownback 15%,
Oh, my God.
King Rich 14% and McCain 12%, Sam Brownback 15%,
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
Does that say what a bunch of Nazis this meeting was all about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
All about?
Go back and follow that...
uru, Verse 2
I was going to call her another chocolate, uh?
...
Oh!
I was going to call her another chocolate, uh?
Oh!
Huh?
Mercedes Gonzalez wasn't being miswitty she could be where sweet was the norm the Mexican chef decided to play a
Contrary in rule one back by thousands of years of history as she likes to point out
Chocolate is more than bond bonds in cakes at the 40-year-old executive chef at Pablano in South Miami
She showed off the fiery accompaniment you fiery you ferry a accompaniment to the cocoa and her ancestral
More poblano recipe that traces back to the Aztecs dried chiles and black pepper. Oh
What does that have to do with chocolate?
I don't know the curious came from other booths for a look at one of her signature dishes chicken smothered in chocolate mole sauce
Oh, this ain't sounded too good
Chicken with chocolate mole sauce
That does not touch it. What do you do chop off a mole and you squish it up in your silly?
Oh no if you had another treat for the crowd a steaming chocolate drink
Doled out in small cups by the chef's family
Even this is different it has spice that Susan Rodino cake roll after sipping the luscious mix at the first annual chocolate festival at
Fairchild proper botanical gardens in cold gables and makes your test taste buds wonder she said
Yeah, I wonder who's eating this kind of stuff
The answer was a dash. Oh, no
When you hear this this might be the end the answer a dash of crust crushed star
Anise seeds or that ainess careful a spice that tastes like licorice and a stick of cinnamon
That was the secret a dash of crushed star ainess. See it's all good
I
Got some things I could say about that but it probably would be a real good idea
You know some people might dig it but that's right side the point like Moe he was always digging
In fact, he was on a very popular quiz show dig it digging for dingal berries
And I think he was the winner right now. Yeah, I get the winner every time. Yeah, oh every time
He had those more not only dingal berries. He also had margins in his pants. He sure had a he had a load in there all the time
I'll say to that
933 votes. Oh am I a good one to talk?
973 votes especially after that event a couple weeks ago. It's just one of those things man
It happens. It you know crap happens if I can say that. Oh look at this silly act disease the only three minutes to avoid gluten
If you're gluten for punishment
The doctor mentioned some Medicaid well, I'll tell you all this food talk. It's getting me
I'm not I'm not gonna eat a whole lot today now when I'm gonna go to the dentist late this afternoon
Because I don't want to be sitting there at the dentist and all this and like oh start squirming in the chair. Oh
Nature's calling now
When you go to the dentist you have to make sure that all year especially if it's like you know
It's gonna be a long session. I have a feeling a drilling and filling and squirming
How many sex partners have you had sex within your life time is our poll question of 8173 votes 11 to 20 172
6 to 10 160 2 to 5155 21 to 30 101 31 to 50 88
51 to 174 over 100. Namastar 55 over 100. Namastar 42 almost a match. Maybe they're all doing each other
1 42 none 24. I'm a priest got only always 21
I hate this poll a mere 20 2.4 2% and what is sex 19 silly people
You know you can put any we could put anything on there like I just hate everybody or what the what is this all about or
Yeah like that and then we get several votes right right because that's the South Florida F and Ways
Hi, boy the girl Peter Pan here you may have heard that there's something in my peanut butter that can hurt you
It's called Salmonella and it was put into the peanut butter by a disgruntled ex-employee who doesn't like Peter
Can you imagine that someone who doesn't like Peter but don't worry kids. We're making new peanut butter like now
So tell your mommy to go back to the store
It's a few eat Peter Pan again. I guarantee it by personally inspecting every batch remember with Peter Pan
Peanut butter. There's a little bit of Peter
Every jar
Well, I gotta say about that 98 votes on the pool
What are you sending me now? What did you just put a little cute there?
A little cutie one still cute email. Oh, okay. I'll take a few. I take a turn
Just relax no urgency no
I just want to say because there are a lot of people out there who've grown up in this age of cyber everything
You know communicating with people yes, and like we were discussing before the show today
It's probably not the most preferable
Treparable way to communicate with people there are too many huh?
12 marches are that's the way I understand I mean maybe one day the technology be a fool proof and will work every day
Lots of times like they're like we had all the problems with the my space thing
247 my space friends by the way including I think the guys name was Tom who's a friend of Norma Kent
So I would say Tom you're fairy and he sent me his profile page and he's got pictures of guys who are
I the page is burning it's so hot that's how hot that's guys friends are
Like that. Oh Tom introduce me. Oh
But my point is that you know like I had an episode over the weekend
I was very unnecessary because of the fact that this stuff your text messaging people are you getting messages back and
And most of the time maybe it works and then some of the time it doesn't
Some of the time it doesn't it gets like lost in space or it throws it up
Lost in space lost in space. That's right your messages are after lost and the proof of that is
So I called tech support on Saturday because my blackberry was screwed up and the seven of us said in out
I get the and I have to take the back of the thing out and take the battery out
I thought it was a
Weather related issue, but it was strictly my unit if I can say that kind of say my unit my blackberry
So the guy like I take the battery out he we he we authorizes the thing I reboot the thing and about a thing
There it is like magic guys sends me a text message. So attend are you paying any attention to me or not? Yeah
At 10 after four yesterday afternoon
All of a sudden my blackberry is on the table
And I'll all those men are like about a half a dozen messages in there that were lost in space
They never came through the first time and there they are
You know
So so like if somebody send you a message like you know if you call this number with intimidate you're gonna win
50 million dollars or something like that and then it came through the next day that well, I didn't get that's the way this technology is
It's F is what it is yes it is unreliable with best. I mean, you know, it's fine. It's quick. It's the handy and the out of all these
things but it's unreliable
I just thought of a mission and passing card you pay experts out there who think that oh you're just you're living in a
Passionate you're living with all that snail male and all is other crap. Well, that's just that's me on old funny Donnie too bad
5 670 560 pound 560 leverized in singular wireless line WQA in hello not there
WQ a.m. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I was trying to get through last week to wish you a happy anniversary. Thank you very much
I'm one of the lucky ones about when it comes to sex might be on say is a nymphomaniac
Well good hey, um, I noticed playing some of the older bits
If you played that one the guy that tries to buy the Chinese restaurant and he convinces the lady
He's been oh
No, I haven't you not gonna
See that that's that always just drives me nuts, you know guys like you good good guy
But you want to make a request and have you have you played it?
That's not what you mean what you want and what you want me to is to play it right? Yes, sir the Chinese restaurant thing
Can I help you yeah, I couldn't far but this one is off a share see here's my here's my concept of all thing if you want me to play it say
Uh-huh, who's our name?
Patrick Patrick
Uh, you should try this for the talk of someone named Fu who who okay, how long is your second okay? Yeah
Uh-huh, hello
How's that yeah, who's speaking?
Yeah, hello who's speaking?
Hello, hello, can you hear me? Yeah, you got a restaurant for sale?
Uh-huh, how much you want for the start?
Well, you come over and look at it and talk to the boss. I come over and maybe eat dinner with you
Okay, does that price include all the walks?
Huh? Huh?
Chinese?
I don't know.
Huh?
Okay, I'll take it all to go and come over and pick it up and look at the restaurant
Okay, what you're saying?
Uh, you know, you need to go to the restaurant
So you need to go to the restaurant?
You need to go to the restaurant
I need to go to the restaurant
Uh, do you want to go to the restaurant and sell me anything?
No, you need to go to the restaurant
Okay, I'll be right there
Okay, I'll go to the restaurant
Then you can come and talk to the boss
Okay, I'll be right there
Bye
Well, there you go, like I said, say it, maybe I'll play it, although maybe, maybe not, you never know
Right
Let's take a look at how many uh, tallies we have on our server in, 994
Or we're gonna have a thousand way before noon
And I bet your Chris is right in that town, fever-sling is a little, do you keep like a little diary?
Huh?
Oh man, what a pig
Jesus, god, not, not being a miscarcable with us, okay
Well, well, well, well, well, no, no, that burp was not me
Yeah, the hell wasn't, who wasn't
I said, huh, and there's someone else in the studio that released the gas
Huh?
The burp
Yeah, and who was that? Not George
Yeah
George has been doing this a long time, he knows better than to be gripsing on you, you're like that
Yeah
Yeah
It went kind of like
Huh?
Yeah, like that
Not too classy, so I was asking about whether you care, we don't really care about the last book
But we like to make it sound like it's very exciting, you know, because it's a really boring town
We have to jump off the numbers
Yeah, that's right, all the good numbers all the time, and this one today, I mean hopefully
Hopefully these weren't just some kind of sloppy desparados that you were like all you people
Hopefully these were really hot, luscious, you know what I'm saying?
Because then it's the worth, remember
Yeah, hopefully, but
But probably not
Oh, okay
The hoodie QAM, hello
Mr. Rod, let me get straight to the point, can you please play Ebonis Airways?
I got one of my boys want to hear that
Ebonis Airways?
Yeah, that's the one to stop it, it's like four and a half minutes long or something
Ebonis Airways, what do you have it?
I think you tried to play it once and you hated it, so oh
No guts
No, that
No, I got Ebonis graduating with though
No, I think this is what he was just playing how to put on your oxygen mask, you know, I was
I got a year of people to play it, it's like four minutes almost five maybe more
Yeah, but you tell me it's boring and it's really good
But it's just long
Yeah, okay, we'll work on it man, just relax, okay, just to calm down
Okay, we're kind of okay
Okay, so you got it there but we don't have time to play it now, but right now we gotta be really bad
And but you just got to your saying I played it once and I thought it was crap, what is it about?
It's one to psychs doing the you know, have a stewardess does the announcement before the flight and everything
Yes, it's her doing that pretty well take your seats. Yeah, go ahead like that
But I have to find it oh in bubonics
Yes, it's not really bad taste is because if it's not then what's the point?
If it isn't bad table good and let's play hysterical. Yeah, I'm gonna go on 97 votes on the pull by the time we get back from our break
We're gonna have over a thousand votes and people are gonna be buzzing about into water core
Like that
Just like my blackberry was busing yesterday 10 past 40 am with all these messages from a hundred years before
Let me say it again technology. It could be a wonderful thing if it worked all the time
But it is unreliable undependable un acceptable it blows
I mean, yeah, it's like I said it's handy on those occasions when it works
21 to learn a qm there my god your breasts are beautiful
Yeah
You like food to buy yeah
Food to buy
Really like food to buy
Food to buy
I'm sweet
I'm sweet
I'm sweet
Food to buy
Food to buy
Food to buy
Food to buy
Food to buy
Food to buy
But I'll be around, they're all around, they're big and round, they're all around
I'm dying out again, I'm scared
I'll be around, they're all around
But all the coffee is a bit of a hint
Tell what I mean, can't be a shit
You got it, you're chock-k-kock
I got a way, fuck it out
I'm too weak to talk, I got a way to talk
It's a kind of cycle of, yeah, that
cycle of, yeah, that
cycle of, that
Give it a long, that
a long, if you like, do
not
cycle of, see
be fun
into the
time
cycle of, that
cycle of
the time
into the
time
into the
into the
time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
into the time
In afraid meine
In afraid your shy
tedious
My
In afraid your
my
Trrale
Light
My
A
To
How I got my thing?
Top Amidia.
I'm called a potter, nobody call it only.
Get to something that we could expect that he calls you to be Amidia.
Oh, I love it. I just want to get that into where he was speaking to Talihan or just so
small to you know, like the whole godfather of the thing is just small.
I'd heard the Italians win the small to win the camera down with thousands of
18 votes on the pool, 10-16 will be.
I'm just saying again about that Barack Obama speech in summer Alabama over the weekend.
My goodness, he is dynamic, he's living and breathing, he's got it.
You know, there are certain intangible qualities that people have.
In this business about what he's a rock star, yeah, I think you want to call him that
whatever, but he's inspirational as opposed to being like a dead fish like swallery.
Watch him speak and listen to what he says and listen to the substance of it
and the way he presents it and then watch all of these other candidates.
Every single one of them, thereby his dynamic is a dead boofoad toad.
That's what I've been told.
Look at that phone man, dead is a doornail.
What does that expression really mean? Is there any of the stupid expression?
I see.
You guys say these things on.
I know, we all do and everybody in everybody wonder what does that mean?
Dead is a doornail?
I had a book once and it was great.
I wish I could find it again, yeah.
Is it this one?
No, I had that one too.
It was the dictionary of phrase and fable and you could look up any crap like that
and it gave you the whole story what it meant where it came from, etc.
You know, there is a fog that he's descended over this city over Toronto right now.
I'm sitting here looking out my window and I see nothing.
I don't know that maybe in L.A. I've ever seen a fog in the middle of a daytime like this.
It's so thick like pea soup and see nothing.
I feel like I'm in London. Maybe I'm moved during the break.
I don't know.
Not good.
Maybe that's an omen for the dentist later on in the Sanford room.
Oh, I sure hope not.
Oh.
2016 votes on our survey today in our sixth survey.
56670560.
I was going to take a million calls today too.
And 560 on the Verizon singular level slide.
I was going to really, I was going to line them up and just,
Bing, Bing, Bing, Bing like the old days remember those days?
Oh yeah.
It's like him hard away.
It's like that but I don't think it's going to happen.
Just aim in the cards.
Oh, speaking of the cards in card charts,
the last time on the Game Show channel they had,
the top 10 Game Show hosts of all time.
I should get all these messages from Brandon.
You got to watch on Spike is the Godfather and you got
Oh, turn on the Game Show channel.
You got to watch the top 10.
I had more damn shows going at the same time.
I had my head was spinning like a draidel.
Of course Bob Barker was the number one.
Who now was number two?
I'm trying to think.
But then they had people in there like Bob, you banks.
Oh geez.
And some really marginal people.
Bill Collin was number seven.
I know you want to go through the thing with the Game Show hosts together.
You know you get very sorry about that.
Sure.
Okay.
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey man, I had a question for actually, maybe the audience out there can actually
I'll tell you this story.
Yeah.
But you know how you love Berlin.
Yes.
My brother actually went to the World Cup this past year.
How was it?
And he was saying that the brothels actually had 10 outside the stadium.
Well you can go and get whatever you needed done while you were at the stadium.
And it was like a very normal thing.
We were sitting out there and for you to take, you know, if you wanted something to take care of, they was there.
There you go.
And most of the Western Europe is like that.
Proxtitution is legal and it's so readily available.
And they're not uptight about it.
They don't give a crap.
So it was amazing.
And I was just, he told me that it was bomb, and that's the sum of the life.
How come we can have that outside of Joe Robbie over here?
Right.
Well I'll tell you one thing.
If you park it, you will get screwed.
I'll tell you that.
All right.
Anyway.
Thanks, Paulie.
Okay.
Each be non-Berliner, baby.
Each be non-Berliner.
I'm going to go back to World Cup week.
I'm going to sit outside then.
Clies matter of fact.
I'm going to get a search party.
Oh please, please.
But it just isn't going to happen.
Oh, what is this?
What is that?
I found that bit.
And it's a Shirley Q.
Lickardale.
Sorry, I wanted it.
It's not a one to sight.
Shirley Q.
Lickardale, well I have Shirley Q in here.
Some of them passing wind.
I got it right here.
And it's only a minute and 26.
That's not the one.
Well, but that's the one we can play.
Okay.
I think.
Let's give it a shot.
I never heard of that one.
Oh.
Well, baby.
I had to put on my good weed and a bathrobe this morning to go down to Louise, Jefferson,
Jr. high school with my 19 children.
It was career day.
This is where they get their IQ measured and an altitude test to see what kind of job they
most suited for.
We found it out that my daughter, Von Quyshiker, needs to go to correspondence school for nail
technicians.
She said you can make $6,000 plus tips, painting women's nails, I'll have a different color.
And my son, D.
My Taurus, he won the work at the United Nations, translating redneck English into
Ibanez.
He said that it's an untabbed gold man.
You know, everybody is hollering about Ibanez now.
They do to the fact that it's just now catching gold.
But Ibanez is not hard.
You could just pick it up by watching TV.
You know, every guest on the Ricky Lick show speaks it.
Black and white.
Bright gumbo though, he never worked too good at it.
To be, that's to be, that's be the question.
I'm so desperate.
Say you mama never say how she doing.
Bye honey.
All right.
You know, I haven't played any of those in about 100 years.
Surely, Kool-Aid.
You know what?
I know it.
I wonder what this one is.
It's a day official announcement from the United States Department of Humidity.
These counties are under eight extreme humidity alert until further notice.
Please do not go outside wearing a wig of more than 2.2 per pound fibers.
Is a high likelihood that you will begin to express by the order if you do not practice personal hygiene?
The governor recommends everybody stay in their house and turn on their air conditioning.
This has been an advanced one of extreme humidity.
Well, I can't all be great, you know.
But I thought the Ivanox one was pretty damn good even though you didn't want me to play that one.
Oh, no, it's fine, but that's not the one that the guy was asking for.
Well, is the other one better?
Yeah, it's better and that's a little more than a minute long.
Well, we'll get it in there.
We'll get some excellent time, you know.
Maybe you can go back to the bathroom during that.
Who can?
Me, Ken.
I could have done that during that other one.
You know me, you remember this morning I had a lot of fun.
So we were talking before the show or back before you left.
I got that down to a science when you've been doing this as long as I have for about 100 years.
And the nature calls even when I was down there.
And you know, it's not a long walk to the ati room down there from the studio.
But it's down the road to a grandma's house and around the corner and up the hill and whatever.
And then everybody would drop their jaw and amazement.
Oh my God, the break is the only in the middle of the break and he's back already.
Well, you know, it's called, I have an expertise.
No certain human bodily functions, expertise.
How we doing on the survey speaking of expertise, we got the 1026, not too bad, not too shabby.
We got the mad dog at 2D7 and in fact it looks like a fairly pristine schedule up until 7.
And then we got that opening tip stuff with bimbo coals.
Which is just, you know, I shake my head in amazement and dismay, you know.
By the way, what did you get for your anniversary from the radio station?
You know, I got an email from Clarence, that was it.
Did you get a mail or a candy gram?
No.
What do they call them on online?
What are their colors?
E-card?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Any card?
No.
I even get a Z card.
No.
Not even a Joe Z card.
Nothing.
That's okay.
You know, they take you for granted and you know what I do ask me if I care because when it comes to be on Friday, there will be a big, big, fat, useful paycheck coming at envelope, man.
In my PO box, there will be a big, freaking check.
That a boy, Joe, don't listen to what Norma says.
Joe, as long as those checks keep showing up, they are truly on my happy man.
Oh!
In fact, we'll sign it today, 80-year extension on my deal, till I croak.
I think we ought to start working on the promotion for that.
Okay.
Here, Neil Croak on a year.
And then maybe I can get somebody that booze and pills you were talking about.
Although I'm not suicidal, I'll tell you that.
And it's a damn good thing I'm not.
Yeah.
Well, it's it.
You know, I mean, I can be a basket case like anybody else and a real drama queen, an emotional look ripple in all these things.
But not to be siloed.
Not really.
Not yet.
Let me pick these six, and of course you've got to keep me under your thumb.
You know, keep me in this, not too straight.
I've done this, hit the spray, check that email.
It's on topic.
What do you mean?
It's cute, you're likely.
I got one from Brandon over here, too.
So I got all of it.
No, you mean the one that you sent me before with the cartoon thing?
Yeah, yeah.
I see.
I see.
Hey, listen, I'm in the middle of a very important show here, okay?
Yeah, that's what you think.
I know.
No, that's what I thought.
1156 at 560 WQM for Clark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M.
You are a stagnant, a native path in the sour soul.
I'm on the four-wheel-drive, standing at my toe.
I'm on the three-wheel drive, stop all the time.
Out there, good play games.
Can't keep your eyes off my behind, insisting they're not gay.
Welcome.
You've got to hide your heart away.
You've got to hide your heart away.
How will something hardly pass?
Is that straight?
Game will buy.
Men who talk of fun men, is a sport for a stage of mine.
No, girls here just for a whole quiz, having fun with the boys.
In the locker room I hear, boy and boy, boy and boy, boy and boy.
You've got to hide your heart away.
You've got to hide your heart away.
I'm on the enemy in the bunch of cars, the bunch of us Vegas, and the bunch of Miami.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
I'm on the enemy.
You're good.
That's Michael in the background.
One thing about the Godfather is only one of the Mumbas.
Only one of the Mumbas.
He's loyal to my father for years.
He was out of blood.
He was taking us to just...
Mike, he's been writing my face.
He was so good.
Oh, God, he's my hero.
He's my gangster hero.
And then you know, make no mistake about it
or make no bones about it as more green would say or as more would say
all in you know what else in godfather to that was the one i was watching last night
with a lot of uh... we went on for like four hours come up and include
commercials on them
on what is it again
the channel was on spike spike
and that's back to own son to four hours
but you know the scene whether in havana
and sitting on the hotel roof
and hymen rathas celebrating his birthday they bring up the big cake
yeah and he's talking about you know peace for other was out of the
is not talking about cake either
and guess what's in there eating
every chance he gets an out of the way keeps going to these dot medicomas
michael is eating cake
like in godfather three he says to k
and he said he's there with a uh... piece of cake on a plate with a fork
diabetic non-diabetic to me i eat that only cake but i ice cream and candy and
crap not that's a much like the one anyone
all got to be i'm going to be so beautiful be irresistible everything living
and breathing anybody believe it though not even me
but nevertheless it's pretty good i can see the difference in the mirror
i can actually do a lot of the term i'd share
you're here that i mean still found disgusting and grotesque certainly nobody
in the world want to see this i mean message in my boxed shorts here all
who who nasty they are even the thought is grotesque right at lunchtime to
sorry
but not not like before now we're like the poop is just
in fact i can feel it with my hands and my stomach to you know that feeling
no i want to start feeling it
but uh... you know like that the upper public i've got double public you know
what that is
oh yeah like a double chin but what's up with you know you double stomach
what i say about cows how many stomachs do they have like two
only two so many days
but i got that i got the upper stomach the upper public is not so bad anymore
well good
and that great one eighty one night i got you do know what that means don't you
what is it's only monday that by the weekend guess what
one seventies who do you know what a barrier that's going to be i have lost fourteen
pounds how much more before you can see it without a mirror
before i can see what
without a mirror
i got news for my eyesight pretty good you must you must be dreaming okay
you must do you give me too much credit
never mind the sauce was uh... what was the
that's a lot so was it so what so yeah
is as you can be too much credit he was in the car when they were on a way
right into a louise in the Bronx
is as you can be tonight i had my chance you know i'm not a hundred one remember
that you can be too much credit
so lots of every actor what i want to move me i'm going to sit in a watch
got all week long
and he didn't have to get back up to two hundred
no one eighty one you know how many years this business have been under one
eighty six
no how many
let me tell me to read that i would say
the well well just let's take the not not the audience really cares all i
much
all you care about you we want to be slim and tremolo to be a hundred beyond
the earth for a million years
uh... good luck
last time was the one seventy was nineteen seventy five was working at j
in a west Palm Beach and i've got to get lost a hundred pounds in a year
i got down to one seventy
it was my low point so to speak actually that was kind of one of my high
points
i told you that
i was i was busy that year but anyway seventy five so yeah well because
i wasn't a giant tub it's a lot easier and of course back then it was i was
thirty uh... three years old
so i was young and like all almost to have probably as close to human looking
as is a good back to when i was in college
so we're talking thirty two years ago this is the lowest weight i had thirty
two years
another major accomplishment
yeah let's hear it
let's hear it for the federal fact it ok that's what mancoaster says he's a
fact it yeah what you're a
you're a piece of crap man
and there's no comment there either
all i guess it could be gonna i guess the good
there could be
or not is a case
all because of that cup i did you know there you go
haha
haha
man
i don't know what is it well i don't know just uh... let's face it he has a
fairly distinctive voice
it is so yeah
i'm calling only said this and on the michael calling only said that is it yeah sure
i actually if i had any brains i should take that uh...
i love this i love the scene where the senator is trying to shake michael down
for the old gaming
what is that i look as i was great
he wants to order fifty grand and he wants this and then so much a month and
five percent of the total uh...
uh... take every from all four casinos
and he's starting to walk out and while i'm waiting your response tomorrow michael says
to him
i can give it to you right now senator
and he turns around with a smile like you know he's gonna tell him i mean
and he says my offer to you is this
nothing
all right i love that
that's it
god i love it
the uh... it's like i don't know it's kind of like a almost like a uh...
disease you know that the other thing that gets into your brain and all the lines
you know
like the coke people all those lines
thousand fifty eight votes on the survey all these people that wonder they can't
call the show the busy as school in their brains out man they've had a lot of
partners
just like how they're off used to be a partner
how many sexual partners if you have with sex with the life time
eleven to twenty hundred ninety one
how many votes
thousand fifty eight
five six to ten hundred seventy three two five hundred seventy three
twenty one to thirty one hundred three thirty one to fifty ninety two
wow
what about your preverts
fifty one to one hundred eighty seven
over a hundred namaste of that's me fifty seven
countless
countless and i want to get about what do you think about
uh... i mean i'm granted i'm glad we're getting a big response on the survey
but who who really counts how do you know whether it's thirty two thirty five
i mean i mean are people like making notches under belt or under armpit or
what on the road had to be a
yet they are
well don't cut too deep over a hundred and a half if you said over a hundred
of a sloth forty six
one forty five
forty five people have had one sex partner and that and probably in those
cases probably just themselves
none twenty five
i'm a priest god only knows
you know i don't know twenty four
but you know you know you got to do god's doing it is of course to all your
boys
yes i hate this full twenty two two percent of what is sex twenty silly people
who you know
and you know we give people a chance to be silly what's wrong with a little bit
silly right
right
thank god i don't do that
so thirty two years a low-pronged
on the scale on the rickshaw
now you're confident i'm going to get down because like i told you
i might have like a broadwater something for lunch and then south of the dentist
right right when you come and when you come back from the dentist you're like
joys like uh... and you certainly don't want to eat you know
so maybe i'll get a little want and super something like that
wash it down
uh... i'm thinking tomorrow maybe one seventies
certainly by wednesday at the very latest by would buy a wednesday
okay
now what that what that's what point because i got out of one seventy in mind
talking seventy five of course i was a lot younger and now i just got flat
you know this book is just flabby
because you think i'm doing exercise
all brother i'm writing the uh... bike
uh...
yet sure
something in all of the more like one sixty
you know because it's not back then it was like almost a little bit
toned and i was doing exercise back in and back in the day and seventy
was a hundred pounds in a year
and of course like everybody else
i found it
still
god
i found it
oh
your knees and your teeth and fries
were
faded by the moon and night
we are moving night two for man
my day to day
so we're super
Easter day
what's been done
let's build the city
gonna do
and get the taste
and future almost
right
to do project
us from the moon and night
it all the moon and the moon
got alien and that's large
we've made it like part and large
we're being conquered by our two
being out of that problem
mental problems
must overcome their hero card too
you can defend us
with the help of
fragile
alien and undergarling
alien
but some can make the christian stride
most of us be scared of
america
all together they can win
against invasion
there's not a lot to do
and you
hear the city that's run by the moon
no it is
it's really where the city gets the worries
from
a
high
we are the moon and our culture is advanced
beyond all that you can possibly comprehend
with 100% of your weight
you'll let it listen to the package
we are moon and night from the inner core of the moon
we are the moon and night
and our culture is advanced beyond all that you can possibly comprehend
with 100% of your brain
all right the world is coming to an end the moon nights have landed
1771 hopes on the pool something interesting a little
another technical piece of
chazurai as they say in Egypt
chazurai you know chazurais
yeah it's stuff yeah cramped but you know how chazur is
chazur is like a freeloader like a snorer like no
no chazur is a pig oh okay
and so like if somebody's like a glutton or a gluteon for punished me like a
like somebody who's you know eating everybody's pizza for the
day chazur oh for me right chazur
but a chazur technically means a pig
I'm just passing this long as we're teaching you to go in out there
it's an important service 1771 tallies on the pool there
they're busy doing it they want to get from one bracket at the next
maybe by two o'clock a lot of you can move up in the
hit parade a little and you want to play that thing
oh I really really do well go for it
more wait a minute whoa okay what do you really what do you
what do you think that's why I don't want to touch
you don't want to touch that I want you to be famous
you know I need to be famous
I'm happy to be there and I was time for Christ's
listen they come to speak they're gonna prove me
they're gonna prove me they're gonna prove me
violence in there can they bring mothers name of us
and I tell you everything we dance schools
schools and I'm gonna ride a job go and I need the camera in place
how I want to earn my family without you on my back
I want those Rosado brothers get no more more
yeah no no no just this one so let's ask me about my business
okay just this once I'm gonna lie to my teeth
yeah I'm gonna tell you no no is it true Michael no
he's so good at scary you know I'm super bad he made that damn awful movie
they sent a woman is it because he kept going
I'm glad I didn't even ask you for that I don't know
when you think all the grave movies has been and then he's been in a
couple like cruising which is one of the worst pieces of
our british history and he said that he regretted ever having done it
and then of course a set of a woman what about gay friends maybe watch that
movie what's that cruising oh I'm sorry I thought it was spark something
or something yeah when you watch when you finish watching that
movie you'll see man quarters right about them
baggots on your teeth okay let's play that
the thing and I won't stop you gonna maybe I will
put it on there
good morning ladies and gentlemen welcome aboard
this is the section 8th flight for ebonyx airways please check your ticket at
this time to make sure you're on board to ride air prayer
as you have taken your seat today we would like you to pay attention up here to
the front plane man
I am your head host is Charlotte Kulika Hirener
also assist me in the cabin today is to make it the needed liquid of a
needed ms. Ron and we don't know where sexual
orientation ms. Ron is what are gender is but you can
access when she be feeding today flight is on a
Mac Donald Burry md. 40 border air
crab city see double day with the jet hand
if we run into any problem on the aircraft today
upper captain is Reverend Cleo is Jefferson who is also
passed of macadamia jubilation congregation
and he is assisted today by Deacon Earl Clopin
and we want to welcome him into the spirit of the lord
ladies and gentlemen it have come to our attention that we have a celebrity
on today's flight let's give it up and put your hands together for the
complex mother tell us of miss Latoya Jackson who is flying first class
with us today
how would like to pirate that regulations do require that all far arms
he's securely stoked for the duration of the flight today to know all it
ladies and gentlemen we show cabin crew is pleased to serve you
do not hesitate to ask for assistance
however the students do not appreciate if people are feeling up on their legs
in the event of a change of altitude oxygen
next we'll drop in front of your face please act your child to remain seated at
all times in a bloody next after you have a black your own next
we accidentally do not spill things on our
carpet it is not yet paid for
listen gentlemen if you look to the back of the aircraft you will notice it is a
restroom for your convenience located in the back and one up here in the
front with the one in the front is for first class only thank you
please note that the blue water will not dissolve in here we
but if you are all the individual and I know this we got some old people
at the team today how you are doing we accidentally just
discretion and do not attempt to flush it this most but
under one
on the balance airways if you choose to smoke that is of course your business
and the airline do not be responsible if the white folks on the ground finds out about it
the smoke detectors in the restroom has been disconnected for your convenience
but we still excuse do not smoke clove up in here
I have a flight time today is whenever we get there we get there
and just time please be seated excuse me to explain it down here in road 13b
okay I'm gonna have to actually remove your head as it might lead FBSA regulations okay
one final reminder today our aircraft is not a church
the combination of looking out to this not the famous getting happy
and I want to announce that also we do not allow any loud talking up in here
we appreciate you flying with us today we ask that you sit back and fast you
know how to do that fine go tell you if you then you need to get off the plane
we hope you enjoy your flight today now sit down and shut up here we go
that is I am oh good I'm glad I ended right there because I have got I'm going to post
it right now on our my space page you know Angie Simmer whatever her you know she puts
sends a lot yeah she's great she is great Angie thank you and she's got a picture of man culture
you will flip your lid when you see this by the way wasn't time always Joe that's got all the hot
the guy friends I'm jealous Joe but thanks for the pics but anyway so I just put it on here and
it should be you know right on the main on shouldn't it be already because it instantly goes here
let me just take a look and see if it's up yet let's see we're all account where the hell is that
what page does the wallers comments go to on profile main profile page the main profile page
the one with the Marlon Brando yeah oh well this one ball of please because I want to make sure
it's on there because when you see this if you're in the middle lunch by the way don't look at it
it's a rather anorexic man-coder oh there it is thank you Angie that being the best
okay it's 1232 or 560 what does that mean oh I mean well I say that at the end at the end of
the prayer but we'll have to know I melachau long but whatever but right pre-hubber
oh it is the wine and then they say oh I mean oh I mean oh I mean so anyway I get a message from
one of my correspondence on there and we got 1248 members on the friends on a my space page and
about the blackberries also been having issues yeah I don't know I haven't read that many issues
with them until over the weekend and boy was a just just a little bastard what never the
less they do happen they have issues those issues and he says that the trio he hears good things
about now one of my in fact I think what I was done there a couple of months ago my financial back
in December Christmas time and my financial advisor I had lunch with him and he was telling me he
has a trio or he was and I said I never even heard of that you know anything about that how about
you get a palm tree other than they're great they really are more here the ads look good I know
a couple people that have them they say they're great it's an actual handheld computer in other
words as opposed to it does a few things like the sidekick that I have does a few things the
blackberry does a few other things this thing does everything that a computer does really yeah
kind of like a great sex partner does everything yes nice but anyway so I'm I guess I better look
into that and I don't know see what I don't understand is that if you have when you buy these
devices for example my blackberry is within with Rogers wireless which Rogers here not
they don't got they have everything they got the cable they got your telephone they got your
wireless handheld they got your the stadium where it used to be the skydome is not Roger Center
well it's either Roger Center right next door is the CN Tower which is the tallest freestanding
building in the world you know that no I didn't yeah it's the tallest freestanding building in
Northern and they can take the elevator and go all the way up to the top and look over and
Frank you can look right across Lake Ontario and probably see oh my god that's where Donna Bob's
used to be there's one you went to elementary school at Brighton High Brighton and whatever was
but whatever but with that picture is beyond belief be the man colder one one that's how you say
Sanji that is everybody it's got you know my space it's one of our friends or even if you're
not something a little something to but it's different she's she's dynamite and we posted it
on there it's right on the top comment scrolled on to it and take a look at that although it is
a little lunch hour I'm gonna warn you ahead of time you know how they always have to warn you about
adult content this isn't adult content it's just an odd thing it's great oh man we can only
pray that that happens to her by the end of the day today so what I was gonna say is that when you
have a contract with a company with a wireless company and then you change instruments so to speak
I see I have the idea how that works you follow what I'm saying that's part of what well I mean
in other words you can keep the same number right same phone number correct yes right would you
have to start all over again inside a brand new contract would you just usually do yeah
am I saying I mean not that that's such a big deal but I mean a big shooter like me I could
probably handle that I mean you know this thing I haven't had a whole lot of problems with the boy
when your life is spinning before your eyes it's not a good thing and then of course there was one
message out there from Friday afternoon from about four o'clock Friday afternoon in fact I'm sure
it's still in here and it comes on Sunday and the message was about four o'clock and it comes on
with all these other ones you're the guy in the tech guy told me they get cute up I thought he meant
screwed up this is all well they get cute up and then a lot of times they'll come pouring through
them that's what they did and let's see what is this one regard to a sweet Victoria but anyway
from four from four ten on Friday and it comes through a four ten on Sunday not my idea of like
instant communication and what I had in mind so we'll see I'm getting back to Dead as a door nail
it says this is an ancient expression we have a reference to this dating back to 1350 I
know I was old but I didn't always that old and it also appears in the 14th century we work the
vision of Pierce Palmman and in Shakespeare's Henry IV another expression of rather later date is
dead as a herring I guess the Jews use that one because most people only saw herrings when they were
long dead and preserved there are some some ways with the same meaning such as dead as a mutton
or dead as a stone or yet dead as a rock but why particularly a door nail rather than just
an any old nail could it be because of the repetition of sounds and the much rather rhythm of the phrase
compared with the version without door almost certainly the euphony has caused the phrase to
survive longer than the alternatives I've quoted this is from Clyde Hathaway some crap online
the who did this somebody sent this in or you got it yes let me send it in yes it says the phrase
has caused there could be something special about door nail the usual reason given is that
door nail was one of the heavy studded nails speaking of studs on the outside of a medieval door
possibly that the phrase refers to be particularly big one oh and which the knock arrested a door
nail because of its size and probable antiquity would seem dead enough for any problem a proverb
the one on which the knocker said might be particularly dead because a number of times have been
knocked on the head kind of like mole knocked on the head but William and Mary Morris in the more
dictionary of word and phrase origins quote a corresponding who points out that it could come from
a standard term in cup and tree if you hammer nail through a piece of timber and then flatten the
end over the inside so it can't be removed a technique called clinching when the other said
to be dead because you can't use it again I see I didn't know exactly what they're talking about
now door nails would very probably have been subjected to this treatment of extra strength in the
years before screws were available oh if there were no screws available how come we're still here
so they were dead because they've been clinched it sounds plausible whether it's right or not
will probably never know it's one of those great mysteries about dead as a freaking door nail
I like I thought the first time to use it was to describe South Florida dead as a door nail but what
do I know I'm pretty juice okay how are you doing on our survey now so are you recommended to
pop the palm trees that would just tell me it's better than the blackberry I haven't used it
well get that's what I wish I got well maybe we'll get some calls from people who have you that's
a good idea or maybe use both I wish I got my mind I don't know I don't want to have that ever
happen again it's a very frustrating I mean like I said suppose suppose your broker right like you
know by the way something the problem that you had probably has nothing to do with the device
but rather the service so I know that that's not what thing I told me well never the less because I
assumed because they had all kinds of weather issues and they had to be courting on their Saturday
morning about well because of a ice storm and wind storm and but a bit of a bootpuff up in
markum and as a result there are a lot of promise sending emails and messages and receiving etc and
it was sending but it wasn't receiving my messages were going out okay but I had no way of knowing
if anybody responded because there were no messages incoming spastic is where was I say yeah I
explain the whole sad scenario to you and like I said suppose your broker sent you a message on
here because I do get my emails under two and like you never got it and it was like oh gee there's
a stock for 40 cents that I can put like 50 grand and you'll have 40 million dollars in a week
and like that and then you got the next day now here it just buzzed right here and it's about
some pills and I guarantee you know what pills this is got guarantee what it's all yeah let's guess
what's that all about I mean why don't we keep getting these oh yeah ED erectile dysfunction
exactly it's almost like QAM with our spots offshore gambling and erectile dysfunction
in 1118 it's time where we got on survey not too bad so maybe we'll get a call or two about
the trio and then again maybe not who knows in fact look at those phones man maybe when the
break is no we'll get some real something really useful on here that we can stink our teeth
into 20 to 1 at QAM Howard David's a bitch
you've been grateful I answered that your ratings are dying and how well I don't
I show you what a big ass hey that was to your hand how you got somebody good enough to film my
big pants amazing great no chance I love to be coming back outside of considering a lucrative
and counteract if you want to know what I'll save you from shutting that transmitter to ground
why sat teens
oh
me
sounds
It's night and hot
A radio has a rebounding tour
The day is never worth
And we did
Back all you needed snow
Now we did
All you needed snow
And we did
All you needed the show
And we did
We did
We did
We did
I told you
Give me this
It's saying
Oh my god
Oh my god
It's just like old times
Just like those bad old times
Moe, we sure miss it
Like a giant tumor on your brain
1246 and 565 or maybe 1 on your
Elbow
So anyway, I get an email
Here from Moishi who says about the trio
Yes
You know our mutual friend was she he said Georgia's right. It's a network thing and not so much a device thing
But they rather put put put it on the device instead of the network stay away from the trio. It says oh wow
Well, that's what he says all right then
So stay away from them. There's another message where he says my T-Mobile dash
Is a windows based and never skips to be
What is that oh T-Mobile has another version of the trio?
It's not a palm trio per se but there are other devices that do the same thing that aren't beside my crack for me
Correct and my side cake in other words all inclusive handheld computer type things
Hmm well like I said the holds were a ring it off the hook before the break and now that I'm ready to talk about it
Well, you know once that 45-minute delay catches up five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty other Verizon singular wireless line and of course line nine is the one that's ringing and it'll always a very short call QIM
Hello, yes sir
I'm Camille. Yeah real caller online. I can't believe it. Yes, sir
This is a real calling all right
I called in I wanted to talk to you about a movie I run it this weekend. Yeah Godfather got me
The call in it's not there, but it's called newest crossing. Did you ever see? Yeah, I have seen that it's a mob movie right?
Right with Irish mob versus Italian mob and they take the guy out there in the woods like they're gonna shoot him
in whatever I forget exactly what's all happened, but I do remember they yeah, it was not a big
great standing but I had a lot of funny scenes
I enjoyed it. Yeah, it was a phone brother's movie the Fargo guys right
Anyway, well, I would thought I might have a new one. I know a movie, but I'd never seen it and
It was just something different. It's very hard to find any good movie about there right now. That's for damn sure man
But our first time caller and also I'm from Cologne, New York, Virginia. Wow
Oh, he's perfect
I was on the bed and they'd with all the same crap man. It's all a freezing like the end of the world
My grandfather used to take me over to the track all the time because when I was a kid, you know, you just finger lakes
Beginners lock. Oh, yeah finger lakes. Wow. I was there the day it opened 1963. I was there opening day
He would probably never with you never cashed a ticket. Okay, pal, thanks. Hey good to talk to you about you. See ya
I'll see there was a real caller line nine. I'm too excited about that little model relief WQA. I'm hello
You
I am
Coma for DJ
What I want what's most important to me is that I have a guarantee no more attempt on my father's life
What guarantees can I give you Mike? I am the hunted one. I'm the hunted one. That's right. I miss my chance
Let's just do I got a good idea. Let's do it. I'll recite the whole dialogue of all this could take you or the whole rest of my contract
Nice two years. We'll start at the beginning
Medical that's right and the opening scene is so dark that you can really see the screen, you know
And there's bonus set bonus bonus set
I invited me to your house for a cup of coffee. He didn't want to be even while my friendship
Be my friend. Be my friend. Godfather
Ha ha ha ha
Kiss my ring and kiss my thing whatever five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
I think we're rising to see your website see now that we're looking about information about the trio and a blackberry and a sack
You know blueberry blueberry hill
Don't be playing that all the way do like that WQA and hello
See nothing WQA and hello
Well, it's where he's me to say
Hello
See this is on doing the same tricks again. Yeah, it was Q.A.M. Hello
Where's my
How many Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just
Was watching the godfather a couple nights ago when I happened to turn on the audio commentary by Francis Ford Coppola. Yes, and he was saying
He was really miserable during the shooting of the movie because he was really a nobody and they kept wanting to fire him
And now the scene that saved him was the restaurant team were Michael shoots
So lots of them are clasping right and it was funny because
He said that one time he went into the bathroom and he was in a stall and
Here two guys come in and they of course he was a nobody and they were like so what do you think of this director?
I mean it's a real a hole this guy
He said he was totally miserable during the shoot and
It's just a miracle that this film was made. You know he insisted on Puccino for the role of Michael because the the
Other people were connected with the making of the movie were adamant. They didn't want any part of him
He was an unknown and he he was adamant
About the the filmmaker
Didn't like the shots that Coppola would suggesting like in the restaurant scene the shot they show you from the front door
You're looking sort of down at the table from
Right, and he said the the filmmaker didn't really like that
He was a solid filmmaker and he didn't like Coppola suggestions and of course they turned out to be brilliant
Absolutely, okay, have a good day. Thanks. Thank you
All the nice I believe that's right. That's exactly what we did
I like when my claski was right in the middle of eating a piece of that veal was the best in the city
To shoot that last
Yeah, he did everything out of chance to chew it before
Yeah, yeah, he started gagging on a little bit
WQ way in hello
Q way in deal. Hi. Yes. Yes. How are you? Okay? Um also I think you were talking about earlier about the um
About that TV shows greatest hit. I mean not the TV them the TV shows left right?
I was all right
They did a tribute last night also to that guy from the password Alan. I forgot his last name now. I'm Alan. What?
Alan Luddon
That's it. I was in bed. You're like off his out. That he was his beard
She was what his beard? I was beard. Well, he was married to her, but I mean she was his beard
Well, I guess he doesn't understand what that means in other words. He was a yeah
Had that unvery good authority afforded 80 million times the bill called her worked there with Alan London
WMEX in Boston a hundred years ago and he was uh, yeah, well, I know that there's anything wrong with that
Right five six seven all the way in colder with safe
Faggot faggot she probably would do that. Oh, she looking to do good in that one picture there today no
We're not going to get any calls about the thing. Maybe these people are all slippers out there
And they can't they don't got no trio or uh, blueberry or black bra. I don't understand that
I mean they're out there they're out there what I think it calls on on their on their trio
They're out there lurking and the way we're put they don't want to respond to my question
I mean it's not that big of a deal, but I just don't want to have that happening like uh, fairly often
You know, it's not a real good. I know it's in the case a service thing
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line wq a m hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir. I just want to let you know. I hate straight people take it from this guano
My phone with me. Hold on this. Thank you. Okay
Uh, wq a m hello
Q a m hello, Neil. Yes, I've got it. You're building my ass. Well good. Congratulations
five six seven oh five six. Yeah, I give a one more 10 and I'm going to go back to my pile because evidently
This is not something that they're either capable of discussing until it's me or even stupidly or want to respond to a bot
We're just looking for a little uh, you know helpful information here. Ain't we? Yes
I mean, you're telling me the trio is great and then our buddy Moishie says it sucks and stayed the hell away from it
And then he adds a thing about it look great in other words when you see it look great features and a lot of things that in life
They look great and then you get your hands. I'm like oh geez, you know
I told good didn't have one but I wish I had bought one because this thing sucks. Oh sorry Q a m hello
Uh, good morning. I'm sorry. Get up in an unknown circumstance should you get the either the trio or the psychics?
They were the new crackberry that just came out. I got the new one because of the brand new crackberry
Maybe there's something wrong with a mind-clash two weeks ago too, but uh, it's basically it's the best way to go
Well, have you ever had that situation where somebody sends you uh
The emails are coming through and again, I understand that it's totally separate technology
But somebody sends you text messages and yours are going out and people are receiving them
But the ones that coming in you can't get them right that's exactly what happened to me might be a problem might be a problem
I'll function but do not get the site can go to the trio. They're wannabe
Okay, thanks, Tom. Have a nice day. Okay. Well, there's two two that say stay away from that trio man stay away from it
All right run away if somebody's gonna stick it in your face run away in the trio two
That's right somebody sticks it anywhere near you
1139 on the survey how many sex partners have you had sex with in your lifetime? 11 to 20
1212 well a lot of these people are we but you know like I said over a period of time they could all be a hundred years old
I mean, uh, you know, 11 would be like one every nine years, right?
I reckon two to five hundred eighty nine six to ten hundred eighty four 21 to 30
112 30 1 to 50 95
51 to a hundred ninety four over a hundred and I must have 61 yeah over a hundred bit if I'm a stud boy
Good luck to the human race one six to 51. I still think they're talking about themselves
Over a hundred I'm a slut 46 none 27. I'm a priest god only knows 24
I hate this poll 23 and what is sex 21 and I'm sure I could probably name every one of them
Okay
To
the
Everybody's turning
say
This is the rhythm, you're watching all of you
Everyone does a special, so what do you do?
This is a transformation, and all you might let us
In Purgi's Fatherland Nation
Pass us USA
You gotta hate those jewels
And flintens of our rose jewels
Believe everything we can do
And the same run you
Blood war and war, cornflets
Build up your escalade
A roof and chainy bush venue
Backstew USA
We don't like to see our God's law
A bad economy's good
We're fast and painted by jail
We're come to meet no stupid rules
All the war is within
The facts of fire are dead weight
Everybody's turning five years
Blackness USA
102 at 560, everybody comes against the trio
Is down the tube, down the tube
All right, so far, then sound good
A wd4 way in, hello
Q way in
All the funnile?
Yes sir, speaking
I know, I've never called you in 20 years
But this is the only reason I can call the trio fucks
Really?
That's really really bad
It's not a phone, it tries to be a phone
Yeah, so it's not worth it
Okay, thanks, Pali
Thank you
Talks into one lot of here, now it don't feel so bad
And now you don't feel so bad, then you can get that trio
Because so far we've had 8 million calls
And an email or two there and sucks
The trio
I like my blight for it, I don't have any problem with my crackberry
But you know, it had issues and that was my point
I'm not so much talking about the device, I'm just talking about the technology
I'm very sure your issues had to do with the service
Regardless of what they say
But that's not what the guy told me
Yeah, no complaints, but a beep and a boop and a boop and a boop
And who does he work for?
Raju's wireless, he's a tech guy
Exactly
Or what do you mean who does he work for?
What does that mean?
Why would he admit that?
No, it's their technology
Why would he lie to me if they had some problem in the system they never lie about?
That would be the point
In addition, which if the problem was in the system, how was he able within like 60 seconds?
I opened up the back, I took the battery out
He told me wait a few seconds, I put it back in
And I saw the thing authorizing, came on there a couple of times
And then he sent me a text message and he came right through
He said, okay, you're all set
And I was
So if it was the system he couldn't have done that, unless he's got a magic wand
Frank Rich has got a really good column here
And he rips Hillary and Ass and deserves it
So it's very long ago, it might take me this whole half hour
Oh no, Neil, he has to be a too far to a harder thing
He says bring back the politics of personal destruction
Frank Rich in New York Times was really great
Do I dare to do this or what?
Do it
I'm gonna do it now
Okay, I'll do it now
If you had to put a date on when the Iraq war did in the Bush administration
It will be the late summer 2005
This when the Bungle Federal Response to Hurricane Katrina re-enacted the White House Bungering of the War
This time with Americans is the principal victims
The stuff happening on Browneys watching New Orleans was recognized as the same stuff
That had happened on Rumsfeld's watch and bagged that
Television viewers connected the dots in the president's poll numbers fell into the 30s
30s
But third man
There they blurs it remained at least until Friday when the latest New York Times TV has news poll program at 29
Now this pattern is repeating itself a searing re-enactment of the Iraq wars lethal mismanagement of the state
Playing out of the home front again with potentially great political consequences the Washington Post exposed the other squadron
Waterloo Army Medical Center where some of our most grievously wounded troops were treated less like patients than detainees
Has kicked off the same spiral of hide-off a lying and blame shifting that followed themas could treated disasters
Just as the debacle on the Gulf was a call to arms for NBC's Browne Williams and CNN's Anderson Pooper
So the former ABC anchor Bob Woodward was returned from his own near-death experience in Iraq to champion wounded troops
Led down by their government and not just the Walter Reed his powerful ABC news specialized we've unearthed both a systemic
National breakdown in veterans medical care and cover up the veterans affairs department keeps two sets of books
One telling the public that the official kind of non-federal fatal a battle field casualty is in Iraq and Afghanistan
Stands at 23,000 the other showing an actual patient counter 205,000
Why the discrepancy a new Browne Jim Nicholson the former Republican National Committee hack
Who president Johnson is our president Johnson president Bush installed his veterans a very secretary tells Mr. Woodward
A lot of them coming for dental problems
Yet 2007 is not 2005 and a little more damage can be inflicted on the Lane Duck Bush White House
The long-running Iraq disaster fee is now poised to mode on a second generation of political prey
Presidential hopefuls who might have strongly challenged Bush War policy when it counted and didn't
That list starts with the candidates long regarded as their party's 2008 favorites John McCain and Hillary Clinton
Senator McCain who unlike Clinton through apparently supports the war in the surge is morbidly aware of his predicament
This wants a Boolean politician why sure up the a Boolean guy didn't hear that?
This wants a Boolean politician has been off his game since they can spiky-wisly listless January meet the press appearance
Last Thursday he had a publicly apologized after time David Letterman in an unguarded moment of genuine straight talk
That American lives are being wasted in Iraq
Iraq Obama had already spoken the same truth and given the same pro-form apology
Last week a watch in post ABC NewsPul if confirmed Mr. McCain's worst political fears Rudy Giuliani now leads in to the monomer Republicans
A tripling of Giuliani's lead in a single month
Mr. Giuliani's also a worst supporter even contributed a brownie of his own to the Viasco that out disgrace Bernie Kerrick who helped the box the training of the Iraqi police
But unlike McCain Mr. Giuliani isn't dogged by questions about Iraq to voters his war history begins and ends with the war against the enemy that actually attacked America 9-11
He wasn't a cheerleader for the subsequent detour into Iraq wasn't off as once the war started and actively avoids speaking about it in any detail
What makes Giuliani's rise especially starving is that his liberal views and messy personal history are thought to make him a non-starter with his own party faithful
These handicaps have him kicked in and the rebel explanation has it because the United Republican voters don't yet really know that America's mayor wants married a cousin
Where they describe himself as pro choice
But perhaps these voters aren't as ignorant as Washington thinks after they flame out of Tom Delay, Bill Frist, Rick Santorum, Ralph Reed, other Bible thumping politicos who threw themselves on the orders of Terry Shivell or Jack Abramoff
Maybe most Republicans could use a rest from the moral brigade. Maybe these voters too care more about the right of life of troops thrust into an Iraq civil war than have discarded embryos using stem cell research
The same cultural dynamic is playing out among Democrats though Mrs. Clinton doesn't seem to know it
Hope all numbers two are showing erosion some of it because Mr. Obama is growing profil among African Americans but some of it in a time survey after a dust up with the Hollywood tycoon David Geffen
Most Washingtonians declared Mrs. Clinton the winner in that spat because she had forced Mr. Obama off his high horse of hope but there's no evidence to support that theory
In the real world most Americans don't know who Mr. Geffen is. There wasn't even any video of him to run on a hardball where the Clinton campaign spokesman Jim Kramer asked hyperbole made him look threatened by Mr. Obama's rising popularity
The most revealing aspect of the answer was not in any case the who's up who's down prognostications for a primary process some time it's away
Rather was the further with which the Clinton campaign accused Mr. Geffen and Mr. Obama of practicing the politics of personal destruction
This over-the-top reaction seemed detached from reality almost as if the Clinton camp were not subjectly wishing it could refight the last political war and once they uncover clobber repelled old impeachment imisies
But that battle may not be in the offing anti-Clinian rage is cool and the Clinton hating industry ain't what it used to be as the times you put last month even Richard Mellon's scape who backrolled much of the vast right when conspiracy has moved on
As with Mr. Julianne's marital history any scandalous new revelation about the Clinton's private lives might play out less momentously in post-9 over the America than it didn't last century
You can't play in the Clinton campaign for praying it had Kenny star on the American spectator to kick around again it'll be easier to fight that war than confront the one in Iraq far easier
Senator Clinton's words about the war still don't parse when I made this point previously a Clinton ally phone to say that whatever the senators of Iraq statements he's an exceptionally smart and capable leader by any presidential standard
I agree and besides Iraq isn't the only issue in 2008 but Iraq will overshadow every candidate and every other subject as long as the war grinds gruesomely on whether in Baghdad or at a VA hospital
The issue is not that Mrs. Clinton voted for the war authorization in 2002 or that she refuses to call the mistake in 2007 those are footnotes
The larger issue is judgment then and now take her most persistent current formulation on Iraq obviously if we knew that what we know now she said there wouldn't have been a vote and I certainly wouldn't have voted that way
It's fair to ask new what then not everyone was so easily misled by the White House has manipulated intelligence propaganda campaign
some of our fellow leaders in Washington not just Mr. Obama out in Illinois not just Al Gore out of power knew plenty in the fall of 2002 why didn't she
Bob Graham then sent an intelligence committee chairman was publicly and privately questioning the WMD intelligence so was Nancy Pelosi
Chuck Hagle warned that the war was understaffed that an Iraqi distraction by cause Afghanistan to go down again and that the topping of Sodom could be followed by chaos
Joe Biden convene hearings to one of the perils of an ill plan post Sodom Iraq
Some of these politicians ended up voting to authorize the war exactly as Mrs. Clinton did like Hagle and Biden some didn't but all of them and the others as well asked tougher questions and exerted more leadership
John Edwards by the way did not he was as trigger happy about speeding up the war authorization then the time has come for decisive action he said
As he is gone all about withdrawal now despite being an intelligence committee member when Mr. Graham sounded alarms about the Bush administration's WMD claims
Another for a question is what Mrs. Clinton learned once the war began even in the summer 2003 after the insurgency had started after the WMD had failed to materialize after the White House had retracted the president 16 words about uranium from Africa
More than two months after Michigan accomplished it failed to win major combat operations Mrs. Clinton phone a reporter with the Daily News James Gordon Meek to reiterate that she still had no second thoughts about the war
Mr. Meek first wrote about this July 14 2003 conversation in December 2005
What was that with this smart woman really believed then or just a political calculation?
Either way she made a judgment and she won't be able to spend month after month explaining it away to voters with glib lawyerly statements
The politics of personal destruction should they actually visit the Clintons once more will not take America's mind off the politics of mass destruction in Iraq
I'll see I got it all done in one sitting there very nice reading the excellent job reading those bedtime stories since
The socials are Frank Wicks and the other times I'm trying to rip it up but I'm too much of a worst to do it.
1171 we never they never follow up on a dangerous package in Miami do you see that that suspicious package?
Oh my god there are a lot of suspicious packages on South Beach take a look at it.
Congratulations get a life.
There to Miami cops with a hot new beach there on the streets fighting crime.
They pop that's a hand again face there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
In the hallowed day of bites we get a problem the gray game sets the old tricks.
Lieutenant and at the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven.
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
Out of the house stop it.
Clean up this place.
Hey lady you can't cross here you'll have to cross the line.
They're determined we clean up this fucking business.
Alright just staring you're under arrest.
Oh so now you're arresting my wife what's the charge?
Station the power.
I'm gonna first let's see that white stuff.
Yeah just a thought got over under bags in here.
Oh what?
Wheat and low.
That restaurant you just came out of let's take a minute.
Yeah, there come the in Miami cops on the hot new beach in Selendale.
Fight.
We're wearing this foam on MBC.
Which reminds me of Sunny Rosenberg dead yet or what?
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello.
I am.
Q.A.M.
Sometimes I see life if I see me by.
Excellent.
Okay let's take a look at this thing that just came in here speaking of stuff on your blackberry.
Pay almost settlement coming from CBS and ClearCent and out of common citadel says inside radio.
It's along the lines of recent rumors but the package between these four groups and the FCC
reportedly reported by the AP is extensive and includes a combined payment of 125 million.
No I'm sorry.
12.5 million.
There's a dot.
What's that?
12.5 million bucks and 8400 half hours of free air time for independent labels and local artists.
Stations would also track their dealings with the labels under a new set of rules of engagement
reached with the American Association of Independent Music.
Are you excited or what?
I'm excited.
Not all of the thrilling but there it is from inside radio.
Oh, P.O.L.O. what's that?
How come we never get offered any graph?
That's what I like to know.
Really.
I'm trying to think all the years that I've been on.
No I remember one time the late Larry Kent.
I was at INZ.
Larry was a real.
I mean he was a sales guy.
He was a strange sales guy.
We came talk host whatever.
Huge.
Huge guy.
Drug addict.
And one night I was about seven o'clock.
I was working eight to midnight and he comes in.
We were sitting in one of the offices at INZ and he says to me, need some money.
I said, what?
That's what you're talking about.
He said he holds up three fingers, three bills.
I said for what?
And to put some guests on here to plug some product or some crap that he was pulling.
I don't think so Larry.
Not a good idea.
You know, for 300 bucks a minute throw all these years down the toilet.
Not that there was a little bit of shady stuff going on.
Wow.
Yeah.
Need some money?
WDQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes.
How about giving the pet some credit for dead and no one else from Pittsburgh.
The deal.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh it's too bad for that the half a dead robber's man.
Give him some credit dude.
I'm going to give him some credit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're going to make the playoffs.
You know, I mean, they've been on a run here lately.
They won a few games in a row.
They're going to make the playoffs.
Oh.
Finally unlikely for the eight minutes here in the row.
Give the pet as like we talk hockey on the show.
No.
Call up Gelly, okay, Shmuck?
No.
What a call.
Jesus.
God almighty.
560560.
Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
Well, we know that all the cause we had about was there weren't that many of mine.
I'm shocked.
I thought they were going to say nothing.
When you?
I would have thought.
But they were not.
But they were.
Anybody mentioned trio.
They said, oh, unclean.
No touch it.
Don't go near it.
Don't do the trio is what they all say.
There wasn't anybody had anything good to say about it.
Was there?
No.
Well, how do you like that?
WQI am.
Hello.
Oh, and look at that.
I did two for two with the one finger.
WQI am.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
Hello.
Good.
What I thought to be.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Oh, anyone.
I got to change my diaper.
I'm driving very difficult.
Okay.
Oh, there you go.
It's South Florida, baby.
Oh, truth and packaging there.
WQI am.
Hello.
I missed a change by campfire driving.
WQI am.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil, is this all the way to the out?
WQI am.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil.
Yes.
What are the dolphins doing, man?
Because I just asked something.
What are you talking about?
One of the dolphins.
What do I care about the freaking dolphins?
Is this a sports show?
No.
Why I just want to know if you know.
Are you listening to this show?
Do you listen to this show?
I just, yes.
I listen to your show every other day.
Is this a sports show?
No.
What do I care about the freaking dolphins?
What do you care about the dolphins?
Do they sign Brady Quinn?
Do they sign Brady Quinn?
Do they sign Brady Quinn?
Of course.
Not.
I do.
Schmuck.
WQI am.
Hello.
QI am.
Hey, Neil, Jim.
Hey, Jim.
I want to make comment about the straight man having gay sex.
You enjoy his talk about Friday?
Yeah.
The reason I think that there's a difference is that gay men don't find having sex with a woman,
and kind of discussing straight men.
I'm talking to you about it.
Straight.
Yeah, you're right.
Let me ask you a question, sir.
Are you gay?
I am not.
Then how do you know how straight feel about having sex with a woman?
I don't say I know.
I say I don't believe.
What you're wrong?
You find it hideous sex with a woman?
The concept of it to me is so absolutely impossible.
It just, it just, uh, no chance.
Okay.
Well, that, that change might be a little bit, but I think that's the big thing with straight men.
Is that they find the sex and have sex with men, not that bad, but I think that's the big thing.
Well, I'm glad you brought it up because over the weekend I thought about it again because Georgia, we solved it once before, and there was an answer to it, and that is that the Kinsey thing, not, you know, you're dealing in black and white and absolutes.
Not everybody is 100% straight.
Not everybody is 100% gay.
They're the Kinsey scale one to six.
Or whatever scale you want to eat.
Some people are.
Some people aren't.
Some people aren't.
Right.
Some people are in between.
Some people are in between.
Those people, well, whatever, you know, there's, there's, there's, right.
But there's our next present.
There's Barack Obama on TV.
We talked about him for days, filled in some of the blanks that were out there.
I'm telling you, he is so impressive.
That's just because I've liked him for a long time now, but he's just so impressive.
That speech in someone's history was asking him.
That is correct.
He is the, I can just see him debating Hillary Clinton.
Oh, he talks circles around that cool bitch, you know, that green, no contest.
WQA M Hello.
WQA M Ola.
Go already in the middle.
Okay, sir.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
WQA M Hello.
What are you laughing about?
I thought that guy was the credit for the Panthers.
The name of the long-go-ring about you, freaking idiot.
Yeah, right.
How's Alice Aldo on by the way?
And Todd Virtuzzi.
Virtuzzi.
WQA M Hello.
Green.
Left Hill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you see the Discovery Channel last night?
No, I didn't know.
The two of you, Jesus.
No.
They found the bone box of Jesus Christ.
Yeah, we talked about that story last week.
We discovered it long before the Discovery Channel, and...
So it seems like he's a real person.
He's not in the son of, he has to take some tang out or anything.
I'll be damned.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I guess you just saw all the world's religious and dilemmas.
Oh, the bones of Jesus.
Oh, my God.
Holy moly.
And bones them bones.
And bones them drabils.
They'll probably be pretty drab by now, if you've got this.
Wait a minute.
Ooh.
Loop them up a little bit, man.
They'll be really dry.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
All these get-skies with all these furry tails and all this nonsense.
Say the religious mumbo jumbo for a van lingo mongo.
That's my suggestion to you.
1190 votes, and a full-weak at 300 litre, Chris.
And Chris is just salivating.
Probably for like some more free food.
We sing the duet, we sing the flag-free.
Absolutely.
With eyes that fall out and the nose that can be.
Don't want any viewers to go, but you won't get the end of the show.
Cause you're a dorky and you're fat.
You wanna live, this is your big chance.
But everyone laughs at your jacket pants.
Say your voice is a total train wreck.
And then we make fun of your pretty bags.
Laughing at you is kinda sad.
Cause you have a bad face, you're a little bit slow.
Weird as like you make this another one show.
Randy has a blank tear, slime as an escrow face.
It's more of a life, you the dry, fallin' and drained.
You have a bad face, the camera no-fly.
You're on a free show called a very gay idol.
You have a bad face.
You have a bad face.
You know what can you do about it?
Okay, 12-04 we got our 1200 Chris.
He is excited man, he's still getting up and gonna dance to Kazanski right now.
I'm writing it down.
You're marking it down and you're a little diarrhea.
Well, I figured I'll keep it so you can have some numbers to go for a new contract for.
You can say this is how many people we have, I want more money.
No, it doesn't work okay.
Why didn't you throw that machete out?
The one I used to say on top of the, because it was a catminton.
I don't think it would have to be too sharp to chop his head off of the neck.
And then you feel like if he just mount his head right there on the counter in the other room.
No, disgusting.
Yeah.
When this is to the house, what is he doing out there?
He's making all kinds of jokes.
Like I said, we're gonna have to be really sharp because there are probably 85 layers of fat.
Can you only begin to imagine and then you have to cut through those 16 chins?
Come on, quick pick it on poor Chris just because he's a chubby baby.
Witnesses told a house panel today that wounded US soldiers are offstunning against the nightmares of the Army Medical System
that can't be trusted and stands veterans in conditions unfit for anybody to live in.
Two of our veterans and the wife of a third gave heart breaking at times stunning tales of neglect of the now notorious Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
This is how we treat our soldiers.
We give them nothing.
So the night of McLeod, wife of our Corporal Wendell McLeod who received an injury to his head in the war,
they're going up to go and sacrifice their life and we give them nothing.
You need to fix the system, she said.
The panel was convened in the wake of a scandal triggered by the Washington Post detailing the problems of the hospital.
Representative John Tierar, attorney, chairman of the House of Committee on National Security and Foreign Affairs called the unsanitary condition
to other problems of Walter Reed Hospital appalling.
Appalling is in fact.
But we also realize that not only is it flat wrong, that's the tip of the iceberg said Tierar,
and Massachusetts Democrat for too many occasions of soldiers of Walter Reed weighed months if not years in sort of a limbo.
And then they must navigate through broken administrative processes and layers upon layers of bureaucracy to get their basic tasks accomplished.
Major General George Whiteman, who doonies included overseeing the facility before he was fired over the scandal,
said it's clear the mistakes were made and I was in charge.
We can't fail one of these soldiers, their families, not one and we did.
In other words, they suck.
Yet, we didn't fully recognize the frustrating bureaucratic administrative processes some of these soldiers go through.
We should have an eye in this I failed, he said.
But then McClaw described him as a fall guy.
Mr. Whiteman in my opinion was just shoved into a situation that was already there and because somebody had to be the fall guy, he was there, she said.
McClaw said her husband at one point waited four months for the results of an important medical test.
She said the army refused to acknowledge that her husband suffered a brain injury.
He once told the military needed special help with certain school subjects.
Well, it's chopped off and I'm doing the best I can do.
All right.
What's certain the school subjects when he was young and now the army is using that against him, she said.
During earlier testimony, a soldier who said he once lived in a recovery annex of Walter Reed described unfit hospital conditions.
Who did army specialist Jeremy Duncan told the family spent some of his recovery in building 18 and annex former motel used for Walter Reed.
Our patients Duncan said that his room wasn't fit for anybody.
An almost soldiers that come out of recovery have weaker immune systems and black mold can do damage to people.
He said the holes in the walls that wouldn't even live there if I had to.
After taking his complaints through the chain of command, nothing was fixed. Duncan said that's what I contacted the Washington Post to be saying.
Asked what happened after the post reported what he had to say. Duncan replied.
I was immediately removed from that room and the next day they were renovating the room.
Duncan rejected recent public statements from some military officials that they were unaware of the problems.
There was no way they couldn't have known. He said I mean everybody had to have known somewhere.
If they actually wanted to look at it or pay attention believe me it's up to them.
As testimony began, Cheney was making a speech yesterday. The veterans of Foreign Wars saying that President Bush had made it clear there'll be no excuses.
Only action. We're going to fix the problems of Walter Reed period, Cheney said. But a beep but a boop but a bob ride.
Right.
You know how I feel about that vice president, he was.
How do you feel?
I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Call for 3 months.
That's been going on at Walter Reed for instance in 2003.
He's the fault.
tadoal, but 2017.
Joe and Ken Williams onpper uh,
Ken Bowenegger was favorit rejects that.
OK So our listening behavioral show was for the R galera law gel inikuGEH
that was the recipe of fall delivers love.
Paul
Serious I call serious because I wanted to get on my mouth here in Seabring Florida. No, and they can't tell you
I get some poor clerk from China or Japan. I don't know. He's not on either one of them
I need to go back in that area. I mean people miss them, you know, you move away from the areas of the screws, you know
What does that mean? How do you go about getting on there? What does that mean?
You know how it gets a hundred and a hundred and a billion dollars
Right, you'll spend about the forty one years. You have to get up and up
They don't want them they don't want them no
Okay, I'll get I'll catch my can only enjoy the show
Okay, thanks okay
So anyway Neil the serious the next step well get on there, okay? Yeah, I'll pass it along pass that right along
Okay, we just pass gas whichever you like 1212 on the survey. I'm begging for an I don't have to choose
Yeah, it only from what it sounds like wait. Yeah boy
the
oh
I
You
Did
vacuum
Coolin' online, hmm.
I could think you're lookin' or at that hairy egg
By your gay or maybe just straight
Look at all my go-little friends that I've got so far
Coolin' online, hmm.
Coolin' online, hmm.
Oh, the time, everybody's eyes online
You're gonna find a straight knee that you have so nice
Oh, you're the mine, you're the mine
Coolin' online, hmm.
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely
Even though I may be incredibly homely
You'll never know it's my reason for nothing but lies
Coolin' online, hmm.
Coolin' online, hmm.
I told mine, you're giving hope with both face lies
The yesterday's the waste of time
Who would you expect to find?
Coolin' online, hmm.
Coolin' online, hmm.
Coolin' online, hmm.
Coolin' online, hmm.
Coolin' online, hmm.
Okay, 12, 144, don't say 12.
Oh man, it was a bad slip.
And tomorrow, 12, 50 baby.
We got some olives and a red sauce and Jupiter tomorrow.
What I'm thinking about those marlins, we love their brains.
They beat up best, yeah.
Anyway, we had 6,500 man quarters there was early in the show.
If you didn't look on our MySpace page there on the,
where the comments are, listen to the comments.
Scroll down to those and take a puket there.
Wow, yeah.
Yeah, if you got a strong stomach and you have an even big lunch.
A video's worth a thousand words and dollars, too, says this brand new story.
Commonly featured on John Edwards Presidential Campaign website
is a video of conservative commentator Ann Colter and Southern him.
Wow, wow, wonder if it's that picture.
And with just a mouse click to you and hear the invective
and give a chance to donate at the same time.
On Friday, what we know what she said,
I was gonna have a few comments on the other Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards,
but it turns out you have to go on to rehab if you use the word bagged.
So it's kind of an impasse I can't talk about Edwards.
She said, this miserable, self-hating, dyke bitch.
The Edwards Campus now seeking to capitalize on the slur by soliciting a hundred grand in Colter Cash
to show that inflaming prejudice to attract progressive leaders will only backfire.
Meanwhile, conservatives were none too pleased with Colter, either.
Reverend Patrick J. Mahoney, oh no, oh no!
He's like an invention of Mr. Ego.
I mean, why does he keep serving us right when...
Reverend Patrick J. Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition,
said, frankly, I would have loved to have heard Anne exposing dissect the radical agenda of Senator Edwards
instead of resorting to cheap name calling.
But you do see the difference, so it's just like the Tim Hardaway thing.
I mean, there's a little bit of a flap about that, but a beep bit of boop for a day or two,
and then life goes on, and it's the same thing with this.
If she would have said she hates Barack Obama and then said, because he's an Anne,
I mean, the world will be crumbling as we know it.
You'd be running for cover.
The entire globe would be caving in right now.
But of course she uses the word Faggot, and just another one that was good Christian right wing Republicans, you know.
A good Godfaring, a holier than now, pointing the finger, accusing to read everybody else.
But then there's that other article you read where nobody ever saw her at church ever.
That is correct. Or at the address that you use, to pretend you'd be her pouring place that you got a rancid in a ring or a bob.
Total phony piece of crap. And it's not just her.
You can take any right with whether it's Reverend Ted Haggard or whether it's a misdruudge or her.
You can take any one of them and just fill in the blank, you know what I mean?
Interchangeable low, hypocritical pieces of crap.
5670560, pound 56, let's do like a zillion that calls here, you know.
Oh yeah, not a lightning round. Remember the lightning round?
See now we do a lightning round for four hours every day, although not, you know, not nine stop.
The lightning round, come on, what do you say? Can you people do it?
No. Can they are they up to it? No, they're not up.
And how are we doing on the survey? 1200 and some? They're busy, they're busy doing it.
1232, they're trying to move from one bracket into the next one.
If you're like 31 to 15, you want to move over the next group.
Do it fast. Find a find a friend on the street or just a stranger.
Maybe just a stranger would be good. What do you think?
It'll do.
1232, Ian, hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm bad to go. I'm going to the night.
Oh, I'm a bit of a fight.
When Tom tells him that they killed Sonny there, my one's just there and just go through.
They shot Sonny on the causeway. He's dead.
It just looks like the breath out and he's just crushed.
But you guys are more or two pop up on that day that you told everybody about most doing the pizza.
That's a great thing. You could replay that.
Well, thank you.
Pomegranate promise to risotto brothers, three territories in the Bronx after he died.
You took over and you didn't give it to him.
I love you, Welsh.
Pomegranate promise to me about.
Must for them.
Pomegranate promise nothing.
Can you hear me?
Those son of a bitch who won't mind.
Thank you.
They feel cheated.
Mike.
Are you sitting in high up in the Sierra mountains and you're drinking?
What's he drinking?
Champagne. Champagne cocktail.
And your person's judgment on how I've got my friend.
For familia.
Un coraporte o nombre de coleone.
Hector son feia, vi de despatadi, cos de familia.
I think that's what I'm doing right after I finished my dentist appointment with this afternoon.
I'm going to hop on a plane and I'm going to fly to Sicily and I'm going to Coiliooni.
There is someplace I would really like to get to somewhere.
Not necessarily Coiliooni, but Sicily, like maybe Pilarimol.
You know?
No?
You know what I love about that?
I love that.
Yeah, let's do the show live from Sicily from Sicilia.
That'd be great.
Oh, you do it even.
And you do understand.
Yeah, oh, really?
If I keep flying, maybe Eli Wallach will be there eating canola.
He's not still alive, is he?
Please.
Please tell me he's dead.
I think he's still kept it.
Eli Wallach is still alive.
They hit him with five shots.
And he's still alive.
I love the way that Salonso said that.
And seeing.
We hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
He was good.
Well, that's bad news for me.
That was you if you don't get excited to make that deal.
I'll wait.
I'll wait.
And he was so bright and there too, you know?
And now, and you see him years later, you know, James Conn.
What was that movie where the woman who was trapped in that elevator?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do.
It was great.
He was young, pumped back then.
He was great in that movie.
Maybe the age.
Maybe in the cage.
Very good.
Very good.
See, I remember that.
That's all that movie before I started smoking dope.
And then you go to the Godfather, which is kind of like the intermediate years, when he was
like, I don't know, maybe in the 30s or what?
Not third man.
And then you go to like a misery, for example, with Kathy Bates, where he was, and he didn't look like the same person even, right?
He just looked like an old man.
Right.
Believe me, I know all about old man.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Doing good.
Doing good.
Listen, gay, going, sharing.
So easy, even yours can do it.
That's my little thing.
And somebody QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hey, I'm going to come in for you.
I guess.
Who's that agent I was about to have big one on six who was taking the fan fan and she died.
What was her name?
She didn't die.
What are you talking about?
Like, I don't know.
Was it 15 years ago or something?
She didn't die.
She didn't die.
I thought she did.
Linda energy.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
And her husband invented the stuff, didn't he?
Yeah.
Her husband died and he's the guy that in Jesus' tomb.
Those are the bones that they're looking at.
Well, how they all fan?
Well, I'm interested to play that.
Let me see how long it is.
I saw Linda energy.
I love that.
Huh?
To which?
It's 144.
How many right now?
And of course, you heard.
Her husband was a physician.
Oh, man.
Let's go back to Paxing again.
A Paxing IOD, what do you say?
Okay.
You got to admit that was pretty bizarre going on.
And we had one round.
Well, she wasn't a traffic lady.
That was all a brother.
That was somebody.
I'm going to sue these bachelors.
That was Mary and she was the traffic lady.
No, but I'm going to talk to her.
I'm talking about the Jews for Jesus' lady.
I was born in Jesus' secretary.
What a memory.
How do you remember this crap?
My God.
Wow.
That wasn't I.
I was there.
But anyway, she was the what?
Sales secretary?
Correct.
Sales secretary.
She was a Jew for Jesus.
A museum.
She always gave up.
Yeah.
And in personalizing all of the building, you know?
What I like to tell everybody, because it makes everybody pissed off,
is there the only ones that are actually doing it right?
You know, if you claim that the Bible is the Word of God,
we need to be by that.
In other words, everybody only uses half the Bible
unless they're a Jew for Jesus.
Oh, yeah, they're using the whole thing.
That's right.
In fact, remember that spot for the meatball guy?
I said, I can't believe I read the whole thing.
That's right.
The Alchistos is spot.
Wasn't that Alchistos where I can't believe I ate the whole thing?
Would that species spicy meatball?
I wonder what the Frankie Pintangely would have thought about that.
Hey Frankie, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Yeah, you're a man.
How about the other one?
God is real Rodgers.
You're the best Frankie.
I'm 60, you're a man.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Oh, right.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
Oh!
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used.
Use you through the torture.
Cause they're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who's saying.
Stand up, stand up.
No, no, no, no, no.
Stand up, stand up.
No, no, no, no.
She said I was too old-faced.
Stand up and bend more and lean.
Now she's got me hooked on these.
I got her from Linda Energy.
My goal is up, down.
My head's spinning all round and round.
I've been slept for three days now.
Woo-hoo!
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Some weight program, give me a break.
How many drugs do I have to pay?
My hair's fallen out and it's been hard to be.
Since I saw Linda Energy, know that my heart's been going wild.
I don't think I'd want to die.
Till that kill and concentration, not to mention, I'm protection.
These outfending drugs all day.
Rock them, rock them, weight, but who's your brain?
Production husband says it's okay.
A position to be.
My goal is up, down.
My head's spinning all round and round.
I've been slept for three days now.
Woo-hoo!
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Stand up and bend more and lean.
Bend more and lean.
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
Bye, bye, bye.
