The music's expressed on the previous prelude.
I love that Ira.
No.
No.
And do not reflect those of the music broadcast group.
It's staff advertisers for ages.
That's what we need to do with this squeaky voice on here.
AHHHHH!
Hey Ira.
Her ferries.
It's 4.30 o'clock 16.
Until you QAM.
Miami Ford Florentino.
I wanted to be very nice to her son.
The yelping about high interest rates on loans.
So you better leave on over to Eastern Financial where a home or auto long costs less each month
because they're not for profit.
Not for profit means you pay less each month.
So if you live in Dave Browder from Beach, you can join.
Always glad to see you.
Equal housing lender joined today.
Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union at youconjoin.com.
Bell Sound Small Business simplifies your voice data and network experience.
Right there.
You've faster.
Nobody can seem like staying.
Certainly not Jimmy Stewart.
Now he proves it.
On this new album, Stewart sings Sting.
Right Rocks and...
You don't have to...
You don't have to...
You just don't...
Listen...
What do you like from Sting?
Yes, you'll get great hits like King of Soup.
Message in a bowl of soup.
Soup in a material world.
And don't stand so close to me strung.
That Stewart sings Sting so good you want to listen to it with a fork.
What yous?
A spoon.
Yeah.
10-010560 WQM Happy Friday, February 22.
Do you realize that the first trend from the winner rating book doesn't come out till March the 9th?
J.
To hold on.
How much time do you're eating already?
I'm about to be...
What do you eat in Howys again?
Yeah, man.
Cooper fingers.
Oh, that thing with the Cooper fingers.
Oh yeah, somewhere in my pile, I got a story about fingers.
Yeah.
The only reason that I bothered with is because I was thinking about those stupid Cooper fingers.
How about that Jewelie Bremen is threatening to switch parties over the Iraq?
What did I tell you about?
Well, it's a product.
Jewelie Bremen.
Trader.
I mean, he wouldn't have been in any way.
I mean, he wouldn't have been in any way.
I can't find my story about the fingers about how they're now reattaching fingers.
Oh, here you go.
I know it was in my pile somewhere.
Science finding ways to regrow fingers.
All your groupers can regrow a Grupper fingers, you think?
Hope so.
As a matter of fact, it's got a picture of a salamander.
Hmm.
Researchers are trying to find ways to regrow fingers and some they even limbs with tricks that sound like magic spells from a Harry Potter novel.
There's the guy who sliced off a finger tip of Grupper after he treated the wound with an extract of pig bladder.
Huh, that's what's that would be the first thing I would do.
And the scientist who grew extra arms on salamanders and the laboratory mice with iriability healed themselves.
Yeah, this salamander has got like a whole bunch of arms.
I don't know how you're ordinary, you know, I guess salamanders got four.
Well, this one's got a bunch of legs.
Fought third man.
This summer scientist is trying to see whether the powdered pig extract can help injured soldiers regrow parts of their fingers.
Powdered pig.
Powdered pig extract.
Well, that sounds delicious.
Don't tell the emulsives about that or the orthodox Jews.
And a large fileray fund.
Now that would be an interesting dilemma, okay?
Orthodox Jew or a Muslim slices off a finger and they say that we can grow it back for you.
No, no, no.
How would pig extract, what do you say to that?
Oh, please.
And a large fileray funded project was trying to unlock the secrets of how some animals regrow body parts so well with hopes of applying listens to humans.
Oh, I sure hope that that pig extract is halal.
It better have like a circle be from the circle you ranch and better be kosher at any rate.
A sports death that you see Dennis Johnson's dead.
Was that who that is?
I got a four beeper on it.
Well, I Christ knows former Celtic.
Dennis Johnson, a star NBA guard who was part of three championships in team with Larry Bird.
I want the greatest postseason plays died Thursday, collapsing after his developmental themes practice.
He was 52.
Well, that thing about the combine.
You guys in the morning show, I'm going to tell you these guys, it's good that I get to you about a half an hour before George comes in every morning.
Because the things that they put on the air, it's beyond belief to me.
It's just amazing to me.
This morning they were going off on this business about, well, the reason that the Tim Hardaway story became so well such a big deal is because the sport, the writers, the columnist,
the people who write this crap so many of them are of that persuasion, really.
I said, both camp or meaning gay.
Yeah, I didn't know that.
That's the opposite.
Who's the other one?
All these gay journalists in sports writers.
So that's why it became a big story because it's their own agenda that they're trying to put.
It's that gay agenda again we heard about.
I thought only the fundamentalist lunatics talk such crap.
But the sports fundamentalist talked the same garbage.
You want to hear some garbage, baby?
Be sure to cancel the kidney and bow morning show because they talk some of the most.
See, it's one thing that the caller is calling and they do it and they just sit back and they let them do it.
It'll in a few out of ignorance.
But when they come on the air, it talks such swell.
Don't be picking on vocamp or man, he could pick you up with one finger and squash you like a nat.
I don't.
Anyway, getting back to it poor Dennis Johnson, he's dead.
He was coach of the Austin Turo's, was unconscious and in cardiac arrest when permanent survived the Austin Convention Center.
Perimatics tried to resuscitate him for 23 minutes before it was taken to a hospital and pronounced dead.
Mayera Friedman, a spokesman for there's a, I guess that's Myra, but it's very strange spelling.
Myra Friedman, a spokesman for the medical examiner's office, said there would be an autopsy and the Turo's post-poll on home games, whatever.
He was one of the most underrated players in the history of the game in my opinion and one of the great celdecaquisitions of all times had former Boston teammate Danny Ainge.
Now, these subjects executive director of basketball operations.
Wow.
He's dead now, Dennis, I'm going 52.
And, wait till you're this before we get to the results of yesterday's poll, which you despise like poison.
See, it doesn't make any difference because today's poll, which I think is just fine.
You liked it and I thought it was just, you know, we've already got 17.2% hate the poll.
So I guess we've got a new deal now with the polls.
And that is if it doesn't quite meet their standards, if it isn't quite up to snuff or sniff, it doesn't pass the sniff test.
Oh, you hear that? That's not sounded too great, but it's pretty much all gone.
I hate Ashbury, man, returning home from an extended vacation in San Francisco, tripped and fell on a corpse in his bedroom.
After finding his apartment at the Ransack police said, I hate when that happens, don't you?
A 30s have a release to name of the resident or the victim.
I didn't if I don't use a white male, but I dreamed that that's as suspicious to its sergeant, Neville Gittens.
Or how much he's getting.
The resident just come back from a two-week visit in Humboldt County when he made the Grizzly Discovery on Monday.
This is really sad, just terrible, said Kyrsten Fry, who has lived on the block for more than 10 years.
It's usually pretty mellow around here, she said.
The resident's orange and white tabby cat seen prowling the investigation scene was taken away by animal control officials, but was unharmed.
Well, that's the important part.
What about the fact that you kicked over a corpse?
It doesn't really say who the corpse was or what that was all about, and maybe that was the person that was like Ransacking his joint?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
That's the reason that the kind of a story like you hear a lot more about and not worry about the tabby cat?
The tabby cat?
1330 votes on yesterday's poll, which George despises.
What's now the fun game show should they bring back to TV?
Well, we went through on the phone if you missed the show yesterday, I'm happy for you.
I wish I would have missed it.
I mean, I'm going to tell you right now, boys and girls, this business of poll building.
I got one for the poll.
I got one for the poll.
Good.
Good.
Get a megaphone and go out on a street corner somewhere and shout it out.
Give a shout out.
The Gong show wins our poll about the ought to bring it back to it in 53.
See, the problem with bringing back those shows is they never bring back the original hosts.
Right.
They need to do that.
Yeah.
We checked there.
It's still live.
He's trying to kill a few people for the CI and couldn't have probably very well preserved also.
Nice and pickled.
Yeah.
Can you imagine what he looks like now?
He was always always.
At least that's the reason.
Let me say it again.
What I said yesterday, and this is just my own personal observation.
Even in celebrity, in fact, the more you like them, the less you want to see them.
It would be like my coming back in about 15 years and doing an appearance in South Florida.
Oh, there's Neil and his wheel chair, what is a colostomy bag and his oxygen tank.
Oh, man.
I remember when he was like under 100, you know, like that.
Of course, you know, I'm going to be doing those personal appearances a lot.
Not.
No.
The Gong show, 253, now until something decent about my wardrobe.
I hate this poll yesterday.
Look at that.
It went down to 16.3 percent better than today, 218.
Even though you tried to influence them badly on that.
Didn't work.
For Gong show.
The newlywed Game 137 with the ridiculous Bob U-Banks.
That was a terrible show.
And most of the contestants pulled it off so poorly.
It was so obvious it was contrived at it.
You know, right?
Match Game 133 should have done better than that.
Match Game should have been right up there.
I agree.
When Ben Stein's money, 62, that's...
Well, what is that all about?
Claire Eise.
Is it a Jewish thing or what?
It's a game show in the lifetime of the people voting on the poll.
Bad show.
Oh, let's make a deal 62.
Oh, wait a minute.
What does this say?
Huh?
Do not reply.
This is a reminder you have a...
Oh, thank you very much.
That's nice.
Let's make a deal 62.
The dating game 55 to tell the truth 43.
Flots my line 37.
Pyramid 36.
And of course, we just put Pyramid on there, which was all encompassing.
25,000, 50,000, 100,000 dollar pyramid with Bill Cullen who didn't move around a lot.
36.
Great show.
And then they brought it back with Donnie Osman and people said,
as much as I like Donnie, he's a good kid, but oh my god.
Concentration 35.
The Joker's Vile 33.
Joker, Joker.
I mean, he was...
There are no words to describe how bad Jackbury was.
Now he's dead, I'm pretty sure, isn't he?
I'm positive with that.
Love Connection Head.
About 30, man.
Chuck Swoolery.
Name that 2 and 28.
Password 22.
Hollywood Square is 17.
With Peter Marshall.
Hey, what do you always say on there?
Turn around his fear play.
Turn about his fear play.
Something like that.
And of course, Peter Marshall, whose real name was Pete LaCoc.
And his son's name, his son had the same name.
He played baseball for revenge.
You should say.
Hollywood Square is 17.
Card Sharks 14.
American Gladiators 12.
Truth or Consequences 12.
Remote Control 11.
I don't know what that is.
Press your luck 11.
Now what's the difference between press your luck and whammy?
Can anybody explain that to me?
Nope.
Because press your luck was the original one.
I don't know if you can change the name to whammy.
Huh?
I don't know for me either one of them.
You don't know either one of them?
No one like whammy?
Whammy!
God it sucks!
There you go.
You bet your life had 10.
Graf show.
Thank you to find Bert called that and yesterday we were forgotten all about it.
When will you draw 8?
Who do we decide was the host of the...
The host of the movie?
I forgot.
Bert Tommy?
Yes.
Was it Bert?
Yes.
And then Vicki Lawrence later on.
Oh.
After he croaked.
After he had a brain hemorrhage and he died.
Sail of the Century 8 with Joe Dajyola.
Get that check!
Get that check!
Oh my God.
He need an oil change.
Joe Dajyola.
Tick-tack-0-7.
Supermarket sweep 6.
Double-deer-6.
I still don't know what that is.
Beat the clock 5.
Beat the clock 5.
Oh.
64 thousand dollar question, find me.
I find that was with Hal March.
21 and 4.
That was also Jackbury.
And the famous contestants Charlie Van Doren and L3 Devinordrov.
And then come to find out it was the fixed Joe.
That was the one they made the movie about, right?
What was it named in that movie?
I never saw that.
It was alright.
Quiz shows.
Yeah.
It was alright.
Maybe I'll get that.
It was alright.
It was in gangbusters, but it was interesting, especially if you didn't live through it like some of us did know.
High rollers 3.
And that was with Alex Trebek.
Who do you trust to, Johnny Carson?
Tanneltails 2 with Bert Convey.
He died of a brain hemorrhage.
Treasure hunt 1 with Jan Murray, Panamon Quiz 1.
The $64,000 challenge with Sunny Fox, not the one from the Radio 1.
And when Lucy Draw was under again for some reason, this time I didn't get any votes.
It did find the first time with 8th, but this time, and Couch Potatoes had the big.
Oh.
And it was fine.
The audience wasn't like psychotic about it.
It was just psychotic in general by the way they behaved with how unusual is that.
I got a good story here about plastic gonads.
I remember 800, 800 votes out today's pool, which they don't like very much, but they're still voting on it.
Follow the video about it.
If you don't like this, just kill holding this.
Shut up.
You Roger.
That's what Friday you bestons.
I want her very next to her in school.
And 20 years for overacting, Judge.
I am a smengrit.
We got a camera so you can watch the money on TV.
She's not a girl, not get a woman, so Kevin keeps on screwing with me.
You'll appreciate not that it's not your hair, but it's not.
You might even see her go down.
She will always be her dress, heaven needs a dress, perfectly the fool around.
She just came on to say, I'm the same.
I want small handy care, made a hit show on TV.
Deadline, live, never even heard you hit those gold mines.
So just keep on spreading, hell, hey, fuck, heaven, better, live.
Oh, we can only hold live.
Oh, God, what a thought.
1018 at 560 WQAM.
And look at that.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a dumb question for you.
Are you still up in Canada or are you back down here in South Florida?
Well, let me ask you, what does it sound like?
Do I sound like I'm far away or like I'm working?
It sounds like you're right here.
I am.
All right, I figured it out, thanks, though.
Yeah.
Not.
I am not.
I'm sitting in my apartment in Toronto on my box of shorts and the sun is shining.
And it's not too toasty to be honest with.
It's colder than a witch's butt.
Yeah.
But, but, but, but.
Well, let me see what it is.
It's minus 11.
What is that?
Look, look on your little finger.
Minus 11, the Celsius.
And the height of the day is going to be minus 7.
But it's sunny and beautiful.
And there's no, the snow is all gone, by the way.
It's pretty much all gone.
Like 10 degrees, 11 degrees.
Oh, plus 10 or 11 degrees Fahrenheit.
What's wrong with that?
It's toasty A.
And it's going to be minus 7 this afternoon.
What's not to like?
Thank you.
Yeah, these people think that they can tell where I am based on.
It's like my good friend Dick Feinberg, called me yesterday.
Who's a great guy.
But I told you the last time I was at the track, he bumped into a park and he says,
well, I can always tell when you're in the studio because when you endure,
like, by the way, that you are configuring back and forth.
And I said, I hate to break the news, but I haven't done a show in that studio in over a year now.
And, you know, and so I haven't seen any of you people in over a year.
It's been a long time.
Well, you'd be amazed if you saw me now.
What?
Not.
No, I still look like I'm not.
I still look just like me.
But the shaving head.
Well, I had a shaving head when I was at last time.
Although this time, it's shaving really, really shaving.
I'm like shaving head or counter today.
I don't know why it just feels good.
I just like it.
I don't know.
I like it.
Well, it's easy.
What do you mean by that?
Don't have to like shave your comb, your hair.
That's right.
Brush it and comb it and squeeze it and wash it and stuff.
Watt it.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
A cloth put dipty-dew in there.
Yeah.
Little dipty-dew can't be all bad.
You know, this thing about I want her buried my son.
Oh, for the love.
Seriously, Esmeralda's judge would be an understatement.
But I mean, setting aside his grotesque, unacceptable behavior, and he probably ought to be
disbarred very soon.
But nevertheless, why isn't that people make such a big deal?
And I'm not asking this out of stupidity, but just curiosity.
Why isn't such a big deal where people are buried?
I mean, once you're dead, what difference does it make?
Oh, you know, that goes way back.
Way back to what?
The ancient times are a copper-stition and, you know, back to the Egyptian days, even before
then.
Well, yeah, but that doesn't answer my question.
Why is it such a big deal where they bury your ass?
Because it is.
Oh.
Just because.
And you know, there's some people who want to be cremated because they really believe that
someday, they're going to come up with some way to bring all the dead people back to the
life.
And so they want what they're assuming is that they're going to dig up all the bodies.
I've heard people say this.
They're going to dig up all the bodies from all the cemeteries and they're going to
like inject some kind of a magic fluid in the eye.
You're going to be like, just like that, but in fact, the life again.
Just like that landlord of mine from Sarasota, the one who said that before he would ever die,
they would come up with a science, would come up with a way that is for eternal life.
And of course, now he's dead.
Anyway, I wish I had never blanked.
That's the poll today, 824.
I wish I had never.
And look what's leading.
Gains so much weight gotten fat to 65.
Easy to gain it and very difficult to lose it.
Take it for me.
So easy to gain it and all of a sudden, and like even on the addkins, you can lose it
and then you have a couple of bad days and you lost 40 pounds.
It's all back over the weekend.
You know, not good.
Not in this good.
I wish I hadn't gotten so fat, 265.
I hate this poll.
It's got 140, 16.8%.
What is there to hate about this poll?
Other than that's the South Florida crowd venting their hate, their venom.
Like that Schmender said, venom.
Talk about the illiterate.
I wish I had never gotten married, 114.
George, that's not what I voted.
I didn't say that.
I'm just addressing you.
Okay, because you were there and I'm here.
I hadn't voted for moving to South Florida.
That's what I voted for.
I wish I had never moved to South Florida, 108.
I wish I had never started doing drugs, 52.
I wish I had never been born in South Florida, 26.
That was what that Chris said because he had no choice over it.
Yeah, but then if he wouldn't have been born in South Florida, he wouldn't be on the show with us now, see?
True.
Which I could have come good parts of the point.
I guess you're trying to say that it doesn't compensate for all the other negatives of being in South Florida,
being like a captive audience, of being a prisoner there, a prisoner of Zinda, well, whatever.
I wish I had never chosen to be gay in 2002.
Chosen to be gay.
Little comedy vote on it.
And then of course, yeah, it's that gay agenda.
That's why they made the Tim Hardaway story.
Seriously, those guys need a spanking.
It's going to take a big panel to cover both hand-priced eyes.
But Kenny and Void, that whole crowd of theirs, they need a spanking.
The stupid crap that they put on here.
Just unbelievable.
I wish I had never had children, 19.
I wish I had never come to America in my banana boat slash rubber tube, slash rubber, 15.
I wish I had never gone to college or grad school, 14.
I wish I had never started smoking, 13.
I wish I had never started gambling, 12.
See, this is a good poll.
I don't know what they'll be these, uh, negative, seven, eight, negative.
Oh, you know, negative.
I know, they're just bastards.
They're just relentless hateful bastards.
I wish I had never started wearing religious head gear, nine.
Yeah, once you get put that on, if you put it on too tight, you can't get it off.
Wish I had never gotten divorced, nine.
Now, that's interesting.
In other words, they missed their exposes out with their trying to say, or they missed, they just not have about paying the alimony.
Is that it?
Whatever.
I wish I had never started drinking six.
Oh, baaah!
And I wish I had enjoyed the military five out of 840 votes.
We'll do a thousand easy.
They, Georgia, be on one to two today.
I'm getting out of here at one o'clock.
What are you talking about?
I play the tape.
I got my slippers on right now, as a matter of fact, my, and one hotel of these front.
Let's see.
Your glass.
My store, no, the store in, uh, hotel slippers.
Campinsky hotel Berlin.
These are from my summer during World Cup Week.
I've only been to, one thing to say about last summer World Cup Week in Berlin.
You know what it is?
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
That's what it is.
Oh, boy.
Can't turn a clock back, man.
You can't live in the past.
Speaking of that, speaking of what I was just thinking about, anapolis Maryland.
And fake bull testicles, another anatomically, boy, how come I can't speak?
Well, I got tongue-tied thinking about last summer World Cup Week in Berlin.
I was thinking, oh, Jesus, God.
Fake bull testicles, another anatomically explicit vehicle decorations.
We've banned from Maryland roads under a bill pending in the Maryland state legislature.
That's Maryland.
The measure was filed in the General Assembly this week by delegate, Lee Roy E. Myers.
That name just always gets me.
My friend, Lee Roy Griffith, is a real pervert like me.
That's why he's my friend.
But Lee Roy.
That name just kind of like crack you up a little bit.
A little bit.
He says children shouldn't be exposed.
He's a Republican, of course.
They shouldn't be exposed to giant plastic gonads dangling from pickup truck trailer hitches.
They will also abandon depictions of naked human breasts, buttocks or genitals, with offenses punishable by finds up to 500 bucks.
It's time to take a stand, Myers-Tolde Hagerson, Harold Mail.
The ACLU objected the Myers-Bill.
The legislation is overly broad, and will probably make it legal to have a sticker on your car of the Venus DeMilo from Art Museum.
ACLU of Maryland spokeswoman Meredith Curtis wrote in an email.
Pamela Campbell, whose bullhead city Arizona business sells fake bull testicles, suggested that the swinging decorations can prompt healthy discussions about anatomy and reproduction.
What's wrong with swinging bull testicles anyway?
That's quite a delicate thing to say.
Swing in a bird.
Eat them.
No, it's a donkey's in Spain.
Your people are Spania.
Do we have to neuter all dogs that walk by us?
She asked where does it stop?
That's right.
Dogs are like, you know, they're not wearing no underwears.
Last week Arizona's legislature rejected a measure that would ban vehicle splash guards, burying racist terms or solo-wats of naked women.
Oh my god.
Why don't you know it's a little distracting?
You know, people are going to be scattered all over the road.
Maybe that's the excuse itself for it.
Or maybe people are easily distracted.
Or maybe they just can't drive for a schmess.
The biggest name.
The best talent in this is the raw trust.
Why the you best, you...
Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room.
In the shower, maybe you play to the NBA.
You're tired and you have the need to express yourself.
Nothing says it better than a card.
New from Smallmark.
The Tim Hardaway collection.
Each card with a built-in chip opens to play a heartfelt Bethesda.
I heard great people.
The Tim Hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package.
Close-minded, ignorant sentiments that question was really going on with the sender.
You know, I let it be known. I don't write great people.
Say it with a card.
When you play homophobia and protest too much, it's a cry for help and a greeting.
The next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate, but you just have to say it.
Dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the Tim Hardaway collection.
I hope they people.
From Smallmark.
When you care enough to make a jackass of yourself.
Major Bulletin Tom Vilsack drops out of the presidential race.
Anybody exactly.
I mean, I have to put that on CNN that he dropped out.
I heard a lot of it knew that he even dropped in to see what condition his condition was in.
I mean, let's get serious.
Wasn't that the electric prunes? I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in.
You've got it and you've played it.
Yeah, yeah, it's on.
So speaking of a Barack Obama and speaking of all the presidential contenders.
I had too much to dream that with electric prunes.
Had too much to dream.
What did I say was? Too much to drink? Well, whatever the hell it was.
No, no, you said what condition my condition is in or just dropped in?
Well, that was Kenny Rogers in the first edition.
Oh.
I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in.
Am I correct about that?
That's Kenny Rogers back when he was with his group to show his condition.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
No Ruby.
Yeah.
All right, Ruby.
Before Ruby, don't take your love to town to leave it on the ground.
Yeah, that's what we like, Kenny.
Did I pretend I did say about 4,000 times that one night he was at the...
At Pomato Park in the dining room sitting right across from my table?
Did you?
This mind in his own business all alone by himself and clung in his guts out.
Did I ever tell you?
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And I never tell you.
And then like, uh, Chris, what's his name from Connecticut?
Dodd.
Chris Dodd.
Tough name.
He ain't gonna say nothing back because it's just not, he's a real liberal.
So he hasn't got any chance.
But anyway, so here's a email I got yesterday from our close personal correspondent
and friends, Steven.
Remember the one you I was writing and raving about Tim Hardaway last week?
Yes.
Well, he's pretty soon to have his own segment on the show.
He says, I don't know if you watched the Culver report occasionally.
But when's the night he had on, her name is Debra Dickerson.
By the way, this blackchief kind of pissed me off, he says.
Apparently, she's the author of the end of blackness and she basically spent the entire
time talking about how Barack Obama isn't black.
Oh, I saw that interview and it was hysterical.
Let me tell you, he says, what a load of horsemen.
She contends that he's not really black or at least not what we normally would consider black
because he didn't descend from a West African brought over here as a slave.
Huh, I guess you got to ask that question first before you decide if he can hate somebody.
She goes on to say that there are probably a lot of white people out there feeling proud that they're
thinking of voting for a black president, but we can pretty much stop being proud of our color blindness
because he's not really black anyway.
See, if we were talking about Malcolm, what is his name, Shamar Moore?
Yes.
For his Malcolm, I used to play Malcolm on the young in a horny.
I mean, he's one, not only is he a light-complexed, but he's one very hot-looking, a light-complexed, at least he always was.
Hey, Malcolm.
Oh, God.
Anyway, also she likes him, Barack Obama, but would not expect to encourage blacks to get behind him solely for his blackness again
because he's not really black.
Oh, maybe he did like an Al Jolson-Larry Park thing.
Not about his big black face.
So I guess he's just a dark white person as what she's trying to say.
This has got to be some of the most ridiculous crap I've ever heard, Steven,
says whether or not your great grandfather was a slave has nothing to do with being discriminated against, I think.
I don't know how many white racists who before deciding to hate or discriminate against the black person stopped to answer them.
So was your grandfather a slave? No, well then you're a cool brother, why don't you join me with the next fan meeting.
Or is it just because he's articulate and educated that he's not really black?
Whatever the case, it's totally ridiculous.
I'm sure if he's gone through the same things every other black American ever has, and if he gets selected,
the country will have finally taken a big step toward showing the world that we're not as dumb as our current president,
and discrimination at least for racists almost down to the point where it should be considered totally insignificant,
that is if he gets nominated and elected.
If you ask me, the biggest group of racists left now is the black people, but then again what do I know, Steven?
So she's what's your name again? Did we're Dickerson you saw it?
Yeah, it was funny, he made a pool of her and actually shut her up.
Good, well he's good at doing that. She probably did a good job of doing it herself.
Yeah, he's not, don't feel too, see how I don't really care what he is.
So it's not like I feel like I'm broad-minded or open-minded because I'm supporting Barack Obama.
I don't give a crap whether he's like light, mocha, dark, chocolate, tapioca pudding.
I don't give a crap about that, about the texture or tone of his skin, you know.
I care more about the tone of what he has to say.
Well, it's the experience. You watch, they're going to do a number on him, the likes of which you can,
if you think the swift boating of John Kerry was something, that was always just practice, man, that was small potatoes.
You ain't seen nothing yet, trust me when I tell you.
Who did that song? You ain't seen nothing yet.
Backman Turner overdrive.
That's right, ATO.
Right.
Well that was the song I played on Zeta Boyd, that was something of your, what year was that?
1987.
I was saying 1987.
No, not 70, I'm not talking about the song, I'm talking about your, I was on Zeta.
Which reminds me, it is now less than a week.
Next Thursday, VTL, now we're talking, VTL.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
What was that just about to say on next year?
I had a week away from the first day, March 1st, which is my 30th anniversary on the Air in South Florida.
Major day coming.
I'd do like that.
That was really good.
That was good to stop it, but you know.
Yeah, you did.
You're not much faster than you are.
You talked up the silence.
You're strong with that.
Let it rise.
Yeah, this is my favorite, actually.
I mean, the 18th of the year was just so overplayed.
I like it a lot.
No, this is my favorite song in the audience.
I would agree with that.
But they almost never played this.
That's the only question.
And then if you really want to overplayed, nothing is more overplayed than this.
Oh, yeah.
That, that, that, that, I'm tired of that.
I'm already tired of it.
I can't hear anymore.
Good.
They were pretty good Bachments, you know.
Yes, they were.
About five minutes.
They were excellent.
A group that should have been around a lot longer than they were, were, would.
891 votes on the pool.
We got a thousand looked easy before I get out of here today.
Chris, easy.
I'm sure you're probably marking that down on some of your fat spots.
Oh, yeah.
Which could be almost anywhere.
I wish I had never gained so much weight or gotten fat to 84.
But you voted for that.
I didn't get to vote.
That's what I voted.
I think I lost 100 pounds in one year in 1975.
I lost 100 pounds.
I was so stressed out.
And boy, that year in West Palm Man, I was, I just wanted to tell you, I was a very active guy.
You know, I was talking about very active homo.
Huh?
Because, yeah, well, that's just the way it was.
You know, I was like human looking.
I was down to a hundred and fifty pounds.
You voted for that.
Yeah, I was mo.
More than I, more than I could ever imagine.
Almost more than I could handle.
284, wish they hadn't gained so much weight and gotten fat.
I hate this poll, 152, 17%.
And we don't know why and we really don't care.
Wish I had never gotten married to 122.
Wish I had never moved to South Florida, 111.
Started doing drugs, 57.
Been born in South Florida, 27.
How about I wish I had never been born.
Let's add it on there.
Yeah, let's add it on there.
Who's had never been born.
Oh, I guarantee you that'll get votes with this crowd.
You know it.
Chosen to be gay, 20.
Oh, yeah.
I started smoking 19.
Head, children 19.
Come to America and my banana boat or rubber raft.
Tube!
17.
Going to college or a grad school, 15.
Started gambling, 12.
Got divorced, 11.
Started wearing religious head gear, that's Shmata 9.
Because the world is all about competing head gear.
That's what it's all about.
It's not so much what you believe it's what you wear on your head.
Started drinking eight and joined the military five.
At least they're still around to vote anyway.
The biggest name is the best talent.
The biggest is me Roger.
Meal!
Yeah!
There are nice people.
Scottish.
That's what I say.
Scottish.
I'm not a police.
There are friends.
I like it when they hold my hand.
You should know that any shot he will be involved in the attack.
I don't care if it's a suicide bomb.
Next time they attack, I'll blame somebody else for that.
Because they're close friends of my dad and my mom.
You don't seem to mind about the price of gas.
Even if it didn't, it didn't push my ass.
And you can Iraq it.
Look, it's good to lean.
Just call me President.
Check on me.
Oh, it's bigger than that.
The Pentagon used to take cancel plans to vent and ate a set of hundred ton explosive
charges and then have added desert that had drawn environmental protest and lawsuits.
It's amazing that the buildings in Vegas actually keep standing.
Why does that?
Because of all those bad vibrations on the ground all of a sudden they're always conducting
all that nuclear testing in the desert.
I've become convinced that it's time to look at alternative methods that obviate the need for this type of large scale test
at James Tonellia, the director of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Oh, I like that group.
The Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Dubbed the divine streak.
Not strike.
Why is it strike?
Is that a missed type or what?
Divine Strike, the test was designed together dated for use in developing weapons capable of destroying deeply buried bunkers containing chemical biological or nuclear weapons.
Or is that nuclear as your president says?
Is your illiterate president so nuclear?
A call for detonating seven hundred tons of conventional explosives over a tunnel.
At an Nevada test site to study its effect on hard granite structures, it'll lock the MG and grand.
But the experiment drew lawsuits and protests from Nevada residents worried about the possible environmental impact of the blast which was expected to send a mushroom-like cloud ten thousand feet into the air.
Not good.
I wonder if that's to say mushroom that kind of leases are we talking about.
How about she she's never seen one?
A mushroom.
Oh, I see.
Tenelia said his decision to cancel the test was not based on any technical information and indicated it would be harmful to workers the public or the environment.
This because it's so much protest because there were so many people fired up and pissed off or fired off and pissed up or whatever it was.
916 on the pool.
We're going to be close to a thousand by the top of the hour.
Not there yet, but it would be like right on the verge.
You know what I mean?
Like right on the verge of some major event.
Sticker look at that schedule for today which we always try to do.
It says we got mad dog at two.
Power hour with Hank and the mad dog together between four and five.
Humper solo five to six fifty.
A little bit of an early exit there ten minutes off because we got inside the batter's box for Hurricane baseball pregame at six fifty.
The Keynes against Elon.
At seven o'clock.
What do we figure that was the correctional institute for the brain dead?
Elon.
That was in North Carolina somewhere.
Remember I looked that up the other day?
Keynes at Elon, another girl school.
And Chris explained to us that that's because the coach used to coach there or play there or take showers naked there or something like that.
Graduated from there.
He graduated from there?
I believe so.
Well the fact that it's a division 18.
You know, well all kinds of facts is coming here.
This is good boy.
This will take us right up to a one o'clock.
Oh, I got no paper in there.
One moment please.
Uh oh.
Jesus.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
You don't have to worry about taking care of people as much when they were alive as they do about after they die.
Then they would be wonderful.
That's the same thing on the other side.
That is one of my favorite songs that I really resent the fact that our car funco re-did it because Sam Cook did such a great job on a wonderful world.
But if you got that, don't know much about history.
You got it or what?
Come on.
Come on.
Sam Cook.
You know, Shnokia was in that motel with some chicken.
I think he's dead.
There we go.
Anyway, that looks this song.
Of course.
It's that color, of course.
But he's dead.
He's okay.
Right.
I think you just don't like our car funco put it through it.
You know that's our channel.
I love our car funco.
I just wish you would have been a song hit me.
It's like movies.
We make it only to be related.
The same thing with some songs.
Such good songs can be around.
What a wonderful word it is.
It's a good song.
You're seeing it's a good song?
Yes it is.
What a wonderful world it would be if they would take as much care.
Be nice to people when they were alive.
That's my motto to you folks out there listening.
Be nice to folks while they were alive.
You know?
This business about honoring the dead.
What's the point?
Here's one that says the fact that I'm hoping that the print of the article I'm
faxing you is large enough for you to read.
Oh yeah, I can read anything.
I got good eyesight.
I can see something really good from a mile away.
And then I get closer and I think, oh my god.
We've talked about that before.
You know, you're in a shopping mall and you'll see something, you know, maybe a few yards away.
And you think, oh my god.
And you get closer and you say, oh, even I look better than that.
And that's saying a lot.
It says that printed it from AOL news and not computer saving up to know how to enlarge it.
Oh, not me either.
I wish I knew how to enlarge it.
It says leave it to the NBA.
Oh, I like this.
Nothing but AOLs.
That's what the NBA stands for.
That is excellent.
I love it.
Isn't that cute?
Yeah, yeah.
To turn Vegas into hip hop hill.
Have you ever, ever felt the least bit unsafe for even one second anywhere in Vegas?
No.
Me neither.
It says only the NBA Holes and homies could make people run for their lives in Vegas during the last weekend's all star festivities.
Keep in mind the article was written by a black man.
So none of our professional ethnicists out there can scream racist.
Oh, they will anyway.
Just like that thing about that broad.
What was your name?
Dibra or whatever about Barack Obama?
Isn't black?
Maybe.
How about if he was like charcoal?
If he was that black.
No, no, no.
Not if he is ancestors.
Didn't come over or slaves in a crate.
Oh, boy.
Stacked like cordwood.
What was the other chick's name again?
Let me try to find that video for you.
Dibra.
I'll play in a second.
Dibra and Dickerson.
I don't know if I can say that or not.
I wonder if she was kid to the running back from the occult from a hundred years ago.
What was his name?
Linda Dibra.
What was his name?
Eric Dibra.
Very good.
He had the goggles on.
I don't know why he had the goggles.
It's like people that were sunglasses on, you know, it was snowing.
There's some people I just don't get.
They wear the shades when it's inappropriate.
So then he also our weekend in Vegas was an unmitigated failure.
And any thoughts that take the extravagance of New Orleans in 2008 are total lunacy.
This is written in AOA and AOL sports.
Police were simply overwhelmed in the city it says.
An event planned to showcase what is right about professional basketball was turned into a 72-hour display
of why Commissioner David Stern can't sleep at night and spends his days thinking of rules
to mask what the NBA has come to represent.
Good luck fixing All Star weekend it says.
The game is a sloppy boring half-hearted mess.
The dog contest is contrived and pointless.
The celebrity contest is unintended comedy.
And worst of all, All Star weekend revelers have transformed the league's mid-season exhibition
into the new millennium freak nick.
An out-of-control freak party that features gunplay, violence, non-stop weed smoke,
and general mayhem.
Well, Georgia wants to be there for the non-stop weed smoke.
I'm sure a lot of you guys do too.
I'll bring a gun if that's what it takes.
Yeah.
Word of all the criminal activity that transpired during All Star weekend has been slowly leaking out of Vegas radio shows and TV news
cast and on internet blogs the past 24 hours.
Let's see, this was written, uh, uh, 0221.
So earlier in a week.
It was filled with an element of violence to resuffrage,
and it was for Coco's restaurant tool, KLSTVEA.com.
They don't want to pay their bills.
They don't want to respect us or each other.
Things got so bad she closed the 24-hour restaurant from 2 to 4 in the morning.
I've been spit on.
I've had food and throw to me.
She said I've lost two servers out of fear.
I've locked my door out of the fear of violence.
Oh, sounds like lots of fun.
All weekend people, especially cab drivers, gossiped about brawls and shootings.
You didn't know what to believe because the local newspaper was filled with stories about raging success All Star weekend was.
The city is desperately trying to attract NBA franchise.
And I guess there was no reason to let a few bloody bodies get in the way of a cozy relationship with David Stern.
Well, I'm really, I'm doing a good job in reading this because the print is tinier than, uh, than tiny.
By the way, if I were to know that one guy out there was so attached, I would have saved tiny ashes.
And I was sent into him in an urn because it sounds like he's urning for the urn.
Plus, it says the NBA's business partner, ESPN, didn't have time to dirty its hands and report on the carnage.
I'm sure ESPN's reporters were embedded in the rear ends of the troops.
Shaq, Kobe, King James, D-Wade, Al, and Mello.
Is that right? Mello?
Whatever.
I'm asking Chris, now you, is there a guy named Mello?
Carmelo, Anthony.
Oh, I see.
Well, see, I just want to make sure I'm reading it right because the print is so tiny.
It says, but there were multiple brawls, at least two shootings, were done 350 arrests, and a lot of terror in Vegas over the weekend.
And the police might want to talk to NFL player Pac-Man Jones about a nasty shooting speed of Vegas strip club.
Jones and the rapper Nelly were allegedly at Minks' Generalments Club Monday during, uh, Monday morning, surely, before during the shooting.
Two victims, male and boys at the club were listed in critical condition at the hospital,
a third of female patron sustained non-life threatening injuries after being graced by a bullet.
There were so many fights and so many gang bangers, and one parking lot shoot out at the MGM Grand, that people literally flood the hotel and fear for their safety.
I talked with a woman who moved from the MGM to the Luxor because she couldn't take it.
She said, I'll never come back to another All-Star game.
There were reports of a brawl between rappers and police at the Wynn Hotel.
Vegas police were simply overwhelmed along the strip.
They were there solely for decoration and to discourage major crimes beyond that, they minded their own business.
I was there, or whoever wrote this, who's the adjacent Whitlock.
Since I was there, locking the strip this weekend must be what it feels like to walk the yard at a maximum security prison.
You couldn't relax. You were hooded eye contact. The heavy police presence only reminded you of the danger.
The danger of a stranger!
A lot of full-scale leather-free occupation New Orleans will not survive All-Star Week in 2008.
David Stern seriously needs to consider moving the event out of the country for next couple of years, and hopes that young hip-hop hoodlums would find another event to terrorize.
Taking the game to Canada won't do it. The game needs to be moved overseas. Some place where the bloods and crypts and hookers and hoars can't get to it without a passport and a plane ticket.
I'm serious. Stern spent the past three years trying to move his league and players past the thug image, run our Taste Fan Brawl, stamped on the NBA.
Our test.
After this weekend, I'm convinced he's losing the battle.
All-Star Week in Vegas screamed that the NBA is aligned too closely with thugs. Stern is going to have to take drastic measures to break that perception reality.
All-Star Week in can no longer remain the woodstock for parolees, want to be riparded, rap artists, and baby mamas on tax refund vacations.
This was not a by-product of a game being held in Vegas. All-Star Week ends been on this path for five or six years. Every year the event becomes more and more a destination for troublemakers.
If something isn't done, next year's All-Star Week end will surpass the deceased freak-knick, a weekend-log party in Atlanta in terms of lawlessness, while it's better looting an array of killed a freak-knick in 1999.
The NBA's image can't survive better than the French court and not sure can survive the embarrassment of a newly-instained standoff between the fans and National Guard either.
If Stern wants to continue the strength of the international appeal of his game, he's got the perfect excuse to move the All-Star game to Germany, China, England, or anywhere, Schupe Knight's posse can't find it.
Schupe.
Yeah, they should do it.
How are we doing on the poll? We got 934. Everything is looking up roses and Georgia will be on a 1 o'clock or some nifty taste.
The season goes on this way, and it's all my broadest sports radio fighters.
Don't talk to me. This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hey basketball fans, what could be better than watching your favorite players slam dunk? How about watching them get dunked in the slammer?
You can, with the all new NBA criminal league.
Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court. There's Kobe Bryant, Zero Life Strong, Damon Stautamire, Glenn Robinson, Chris Weber, Jerry Stackhouse,
and of course Alan Iverson.
When all the NBA superstars are in lockdown, the action is locked up. The NBA criminal league.
I tell you what it's like to have a talent. It's gonna be able to make the NBA the most violent prisoner.
Oh, spectacular.
They've gone from committing fouls to committing felonies, and you can be a material witness to all the drama, with the NBA criminal league.
See there, Marinette? That's what I call a fair ball.
The NBA criminal league.
All these gangsters!
1102 at 560, got some bad news. There we got an amber alert and parish Florida.
Anybody have any idea where that is? Parish Florida? Parish the thought.
13-year-old boy was, he was grabbed at a bus stop. Some guy came along and just grabbed his ass and the rest of him too.
Claymore reads five foot tall, hundred pounds white, would light brown hair, and he looks so like a girl quite frankly.
Who was just the haircut? You know, he's got a bad, bad news. Somebody forgot to tell Clay that that long hair is out, and the bell bottom pants, and the mutton chop sideburn.
You know where parish Florida is?
No. Well, here are some good news, man. Aren't we love you, baby?
I love you, says. Huh? I said I love it.
Finally got an arbor tron die-round after 20 plus years of listening to the, enjoying the show.
I hope I, I hope you kick ass in the ratings again as usual. He still feels though I was able to contribute.
After all these years, a free world class entertainment has bushly been added to the public.
And closing thanks for the great show, keep it up so to speak, says art. Thank you, art.
Okay, not that we want to, you know, influence it anyway. Whatever.
Yeah, there have been people listening to this show for a long time, many of them.
Including even some young people who have been listening to this show for a long, long time.
To the point where I'm like, you know, and they've survived it, you know?
It's not like because you listen to this show. That was the warning years ago.
If you listen to that fag atheist down the radio, it's going to screw up your life and your kids' lives and everybody's going to be, you know, right.
Sure they are.
This show, man, these people don't realize. I don't want to start painting myself on the ass, but I'm going to tell you right now.
They ought to be kissing the radio right now, okay? They ought to be on their hands and knees kissing their radios right now.
954 votes on the pool.
I like this pool. I don't see anything wrong with it.
No, there isn't.
I'm not taking that person like I am influenced by the audience, which I'm not, but it's just so stupid, you know.
I mean, if you're going to rip one of our pools, rip the one like yesterday because it was geared too much toward old parts, you know, like me.
Let me say it again. Be nice to people while they're alive. Don't worry about paying tribute after they're dead.
What does that do for them, you know?
The cart is full appreciated.
And I'm sure as I'm sitting in this chair that there are relatives of mine and also probably people in the audience,
oh, he didn't even go to his mother's funeral. Well, what difference does it make?
What the hell was that going to accomplish? She already knew I told her ahead of time that I wasn't going to participate.
The only fear I'm going to be at is my own. Maybe.
Well, I take that back, but I mean, you know, if I just, I'm not going to any funeral.
It's just I've been to a couple and it's a horrendous thing.
Yeah, a lot of crying and shrieking and carrying oil.
What does that do for the person in the box? Huh? What does that do? Are they aware of the?
Is that what it does? It makes them feel better about having been.
Miley it down from here.
Well, be nice to people while they're alive. There's another. Some more words of wisdom from the wisdom.
Yeah, speaking to be nice.
Yes, I just sent you the video for that.
Complete interview.
The Colbert Dickerson interview with the funny son, I filmed him.
If you're an ass, it's it's a that's not exactly what he did, but he made my son.
Yeah, that's what he did. He got a letter from the sounds of it.
From the sounds of that email, it sounds to me like she did a good job of that herself talking about.
Oh, yeah, she helped.
He's not really black because his ancestors didn't come from Africa and they didn't come over here and treat.
She set herself up and he's fighting.
I'd be in an idiot. I'd be in a moron and jackass assembled it.
What is the problem?
The Seattle again. He's not that good.
I got news for him even in the same league is that a key guy.
In fact, he was the other guy was on the other day and he kept to it kept saying,
well, where's the severe weather to keep pointing a key? A key?
I can't tell you where he's pointing at. He said it's pretty severe.
Anyway, here's what we got.
958. This hour will go over a thousand and then of course in the noon to one hour,
that'll be like, now don't let me do what I did the last time I took off a one-on-a-clock,
which I don't do that very often. I guess that was before I went off to Berlin.
What did you do?
Well, when it got to the top of the hour.
Oh, that's right. Yeah.
I did a thing there and I got out early because it was like it was a thing at the end of the show,
which it was not.
Right. So I gave you like an extra two, three minutes, which I'll be out of.
You owe me.
I know you don't want any extra time.
No, I don't.
Well, why not?
We'll just fill it with the tape.
Good.
958 votes on an excellent pool. It's better what the award around town is. It's excellent.
I wish I had never gained so much weight or gotten fat 306.
Yeah, fat's bad, baby.
And I'm going to say, oh, I got one for you.
Well, it goes hand in hand with that one, but it's not universal on the first one.
I never become diabetic.
Yeah.
I wish I had never become diabetic.
What are you laughing about, huh?
Uh-huh.
You don't want to put that on there?
No, we will.
It's wrong with us.
Some people, it wasn't up to them.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, they had the juvenile diabetes.
It seems like it'd be voting for, uh, I wish I'd never been, uh, you know, chosen to be gay.
Oh, you are.
Look at that.
I wish I'd never been born.
It's got to, uh, I know it.
I know it.
I know it with this crowd.
And, you know, something.
And we're feeling the same way about some of you people too.
We wish you'd never been born.
Especially the colors.
I wish I'd never gained so much weight or gotten fat 306.
You don't have to put the diabetes thing on there.
Just another word of warning for me.
Don't get fat.
All of you, a punks out there.
Do not get fat and diabetic.
Believe you me, it's not a, uh, not a lot of fun.
Well, it's all there now anyways.
Oh, good.
Good. Thanks Chris.
See Chris goes along with whatever, you know, yeah, he hasn't learned from you to be, uh, put every, every, every hour to come up with,
Oh, that's ridiculous.
I'm like that, you know, well, George said yes, but he said it's not always your choice.
And I already, you didn't think it was ridiculous when I sent you that check for two grand for being a nice guy about doing that thing on the internet there for me.
No, that was very nice.
Oh, well, good.
I'm glad I'm happy.
And I'm glad you did it.
I wish I had never, I hate this pool 157, 16.2%.
That's still, I mean, it's coming down a little bit, but it's still a slap in my face.
It's not that I came up with this pool.
I'm not coming up with any of these pools anymore.
We got a whole, I got a stack of them here halfway to the ceiling.
It's great.
Here in the studio in Miami.
I wish I had never gotten married to 127.
Not a good idea.
Don't get married.
Okay, it ends in service.
Okay.
I wish I had never moved to South Florida, 116.
It starts in service.
It starts bad.
It goes downhill from there.
It started doing drugs, 63.
It never been born in South Florida, 31.
It started smoking as God.
About third, man.
I wish I hadn't chosen to be gay 25.
Oh, I wish I had never had children, 21.
I wish I had never come to America on my banana boat or inner tube.
19.
Go on to college or grad school, 15.
Started gambling, 13.
Started drinking, 11.
Got into horse, 11.
I'm not really sure I understand that one.
I started wearing religious head gear.
What is your thing?
There's your things just kept popped up.
Joy the military, seven, been born to and become diabetic.
Just went up there.
Don't have any yet, but it will.
How long is this clip?
Am I going to have time to watch it during a break or what?
Let me look at the same total of everything.
Five and a half minutes.
Five and a half minutes?
Well, how the hell am I going to look at that?
And you said it on my Yahoo installments.
Yes.
Yeah, I'll watch it installments.
And then I'll have to plug the audio in because obviously I'm going to have to listen to it.
It's what's your name again?
Deborah Dipper's secrets again.
And there it is.
It's sitting there just waiting for me to prove it.
In fact, maybe what I'll do is I'll take off like a little bit even extra earlier so I can watch it.
I just leave now.
Okay, see.
It sounds like an idea to me.
Okay, getting back to Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton if we can.
Because that's really what that whole thing is all about.
It's just, and they're going to find every reason you watch, man, it's going to be really ugly.
And I think that there'll be a black lash against it.
The only thing I'm really worried about though is his safety.
I'm very, not that I'm suspicious of America being a much racist and redneck, but I'm concerned for his safety if he gets denominator,
even if he's just out there campaigning.
Which he will be.
You don't think that that's something to think about?
Sure.
Oh, this is a great poll from Pearls B who's been working feverishly on it and the polls too.
This is a good one.
On the last day of my life, I want to go out having the best Dan Blank I've ever enjoyed.
And here's his choices.
Bow movement.
That would have been my mother's choice.
Cigar, dream or fantasy, drink, ice cream, party, pee, pizza, sex, three-way, vacation or trip, or wicked weed.
Boy, that's the only choice you have to choose one.
That's a good poll don't you think?
They probably hate it already.
We haven't done it yet, but they hate it already.
In fact, they're preparing already for whenever I put it up there.
Oh, we hate that, and they all hate it.
The long-term impact of the Tinseltown tussle between the Clinton and Obama campaigns is no big deal.
It says, but it showcases a big issue in the primary campaign.
An issue can send it to Hillary Clinton or send it to Barack Obama, be elected president.
There are some Democrats that wonder if either one can win political enlist to Rothenberg said.
Obama supporter and Hollywood movie mogul David Geffen.
Now let's see who endorsed him.
Oh, gee, I forget it was.
That endorsed Barack Obama just last night.
Some politicians and some wearing it.
I just look, oh, it was Tom D'Aschel.
Obama supporter and Hollywood movie mogul David Geffen raised the issue front and said about Clinton.
And then interview with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd, Geffen called her incredibly polarizing and said Republicans believe that she's the easiest one to defeat.
And you know what I would say to that?
Absolutely correct, sir.
The Clinton campaign's tough response in which it challenged Obama to distance himself from Geffen and return Geffen campaign relations instead of signal.
It shows Clinton is willing to hit back when somebody comes after her and does Clinton have too much political baggage.
That issue's on the table now too. That's the square table.
The tough also raises issues for Obama is he really a different kind of politician just like Sunday.
He did not say what he called slash and burn politics, but his campaign issue a slashing attack on Clinton.
It's not clear to me why be apologizing for somebody else's remarks Obama said in what I will Wednesday night.
My sense is that Mr. Geffen may have differences with the Clinton's Obama said that doesn't really have anything to do with our campaign.
He though quickly got back on the high road, I repeatedly said I have the utmost respect for Senator Clinton.
He said and I have considered an ally in the Senate.
And he also said cover and dread.
In a polarized political environment there's a lot more strategic voting in the primary.
As Democrats want to win or it's not just a party in sight or it's not just a political consultant's rock and berg said it's real people, real voters.
And so I think electability will be a crucial issue.
She couldn't win a fixed race.
She couldn't win a two horse race if the other one was a chicken picker.
The rule in politics is that when candidate A and candidate B started attacking each other, the benefit goes to candidate C.
If Clinton and Obama were engaged in a day in day out bashing of each other, I think it probably would help somebody like John Edwards who could stand above the Frey and Act presidential.
Rothenberg said, but were a long ways from that.
Did the polls say anything about who's electable?
Five national polls come out this month, putting Clinton and Obama against Republican front runners, Rudy Giuliani and John McCain.
The results are always very close within the margin of error.
Nobody's unelectable but nobody's a sure winner either of those here, especially the way they fixed the American elections.
All of the stuff.
9.78, but that's great.
By the bottom of the hour, I think we're going to have our showers and licked.
And then we can sit back and take a deep breath.
And hail a big, big breathful, a big tropeful.
And start wheezing and stuff.
Well, speaking of weasy, why the you bastard.
You are standing on a naked path in the shower source.
Full of round-up, full of pounds, standing at my toe.
We're straight, Christ, of all the time, about men to play games.
Can't keep the eyes off eyes behind existing, they're not gay.
You're fair, yeah, you got to hide your heart away.
Oh my God, yeah, you got to hide your heart away.
Now we'll shorten hardly times as that straight game will buy.
Men to fall upon men, is a sport for save of my young, young.
No girl's here, just scored for queers, having fun with the boys.
In the locker room I hear, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy.
Oh my God, you're in dread to hide your heart away.
Are you sure?
I'm in dread to hide your heart away.
Okay, twenty past eleven and five sixty, I'm going to do something, I'm going to try this, I'm going to sound really good.
If you would have just let fiction come up here, let me play the audio through the board, I would have to like play it through the speaker.
Well, it's going to happen to happen, I think, something.
Just for a variety of reasons.
Black experience, and it may affect you.
Is that sound okay? Yeah, actually.
I could play it from here.
I'm Mr. Salon. I'm an author of the book, The End of Black Miss.
Deborah Dickerson.
Mr. Dickerson.
Thank you for joining us.
Is it buffered?
The end of blackness, I'm going to come out right here and say, I'm against ending blackness.
I believe that everyone has a right to be black, it's a choice and I support that.
Now, settle something for me, okay?
Yes.
Is Barack Obama black?
No, he's not.
In the American political context, black means the son of West African, the descendant of West African say he's bought here to labor in the United States.
It's not a put down, it's not to say that he has in suffer, it's not to say that he doesn't have a glorious lineage of his own.
It's just to say that he and I who are indescending from West African slaves bought to America, we are not the same.
Okay, so if he's not black, why does he just run as a white guy?
Because we know black people will vote for white people and a white people will vote for white people.
We're not sure white people will vote for black people.
So it seems like by self-identifying as a black man, because he says that he's a black guy.
He says nobody thought a black guy born Hawaii with a father from Kenya and another from Kansas could actually want to race.
So why don't you say, you know, I'm a white guy, I mean, then that's a lock.
Right, well, he's not white either.
He is an African-American or he is an American name for what he is.
We know, we need a new name, what about your new vote, black?
You know, late to the scene, blackness.
Well, we could go with this blackest circumstances aloud, but...
That's not bad, I like that.
Well, I'm going to say, I am disappointed in this because as, you know, I was really looking forward to voting for a black guy.
I mean, I was really hoping to leave the voting booth and say, hey, I voted for a black guy.
You can say I voted for an American, an African-American, an American of African immigrants stock.
And he's also a person who has adopted the role of being black.
So he's not my, he's a brother, but he's an adopted brother.
And this is a significant...
Uh-huh.
He's a beloved adopted brother.
This is significant.
It's just like a red headed stepchild.
You can slide him around a little bit.
Nobody's going to care.
But we love him just a little bit.
Oh, okay.
All right, but shouldn't black people jump on the Obama wagon?
Because if he doesn't have the burden of this past of being the descendant of African slaves?
He doesn't feel the black experience.
Can he just sort of carry the torch?
And you all just piggyback on him?
Well, I think that's what's going to happen.
I think Barack Obama is a wonderful person.
We're proud of him.
But, and this is not a critique of him.
What this is is a critique of right self-congratulation.
The saying we're embracing a black person, well, we're not really.
It's a way of...
If he were a subordinate...
Listen, if you hadn't told me...
If you hadn't told me...
If you hadn't told me, he wasn't black.
I would have thought that I was supporting a black person.
And then I would have been supporting all black people.
What'd you go?
But now I won't because he's not.
Right.
Well, then that would make you a racist.
If I were white.
But I don't...
I don't necessarily know.
I don't see race.
Okay, because I move beyond that.
I've developed beyond that.
I'm so not a racist that I'm a racist.
People tell me I'm white.
And I believe them because I think Barack Obama is black.
So...
It's an African American.
So it sounds to me like you are judging blackness,
not on the color of someone's skin,
but on the content of their character.
Which I think realizes Dr. King's dream in a very special way.
And the...
I think you mean not so much special as perverted.
But...
I think that...
You got me so confused.
Yeah, that's obvious.
I think I can't say more...
The characters, the content of our history and our culture.
And what we're doing by calling him black is obliterating the culture of his King and father.
Well, wouldn't this be...
Would this make it more acceptable to the African American community if he shared some of the experience,
the black American experience, if he wasn't a descendant of slaves?
But what if for just a brief period of time he were enslaved?
And then...
You know, but not nothing racist.
He could be like...
He could be Jesse Jackson's slave or a trucker's slave.
And then they could say like, you know, I'll be your free now.
And, you know, no foul, no harm.
And he's got all the street cred he needs.
Think about it?
Think about it?
I think you may have me there.
Thank you so much.
He handed the first word out of your mouth, honey. He had you.
Oh.
Just for the thought.
That was a beautiful thing.
Yeah.
We need to be more than that.
So, you're not okay?
Yeah, it did.
Well, good.
Actually.
And thank you so very much.
See how do you like that?
That killed some extra time.
So guess what?
I'm not really Jewish and I'm not really gay.
Okay.
Right.
And I'm not a...
I think I'm a generic and I was gay.
My ancestors were from...
Maybe there were...
What is it?
Moonians?
Moononites.
Moononites.
Moononites.
That's what it is.
Maybe my ancestors were moononites.
Or menonites.
What the hell are the menonites, by the way?
The more than they appreciate?
No, no.
Less strict than Amish.
Oh, I thought.
They dress plain, but they're allowed to use electricity and gasoline-powered motor
and contrivances.
Well, I'm going to adjust my word room so I can become a moonon...
A manonite.
I think that's a beautiful thing.
And of course, she was a total jackass.
She...
He's an African-African-American.
Correct.
Yeah.
How about a few more adjectives?
How many...?
We got 1,000 and 7 votes on a poll.
Oh, man.
Things are just swimmingly good.
Don't worry, you're one.
So best talent.
Sunny China's.
You Roger.
That's what Friday you bested.
Hello, this is Albert Kaita from Tauli Van Records, inviting you American in for
the latest Kat Stevens collection.
You know my mom it is right.
Take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
Make those in and of fame.
I was only including this classic.
I was only airplane.
And suddenly with DJ.
And their mad gives I convert.
And where it's out on my head.
I don't know.
I'm being followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
Come on, you from your purchase.
Does not go to fun terrorism.
Really?
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
You wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find dark skin.
And a rag.
If you want a detainee.
Another variation on the classic.
I ask myself every day.
Which American should pay?
Tell me who would move on and slay.
I'm coming to the make of a woman.
She lived her veil and exposed herself.
So buy New Cat Stevens collection today for 1995.
Or you can play with V-Som Master Guard or weapons of master drugs.
1133.27.05.60 WDQAM.
A US soldier was sentenced to 100 years in prison years today for the gang rape and murder of an Iraqi girl.
And a Kellyanne were family last year.
Sergeant Paul E. Cortez, 24, was also given a dishonorable discharge.
He'll be eligible for parole in 10 years in terms of his plea agreement.
He's sentenced to 100 years to be eligible for parole in 10 years.
Cortez of Bartholka, California, plea guilty this week to four counts of felony murder, rape and conspiracy to rape.
And a case considered among the worst atrocities by US military personnel in Iraq.
In his plea agreement, he said he conspired with three other soldiers from the four Campbell-based
101st Airborne Division to rape 14-year-old Abir Kassim Al-Jabad-Janabi, the girl her parents and younger sister were all killed.
Earlier yesterday, tears rolled down Cortez's face as he apologized for the rape and murders.
He said he couldn't explain why it took part.
I still don't have an answer, he told the judge.
I don't know why. I wish I hadn't. The lives of foreigners and people were taken.
I want to apologize for all the pain and suffering I've caused the Al-Janabi family, he said.
A little bit late now, I guess.
The military judge, hearing the case colonel Stephen Henley issued a sentence of life and prison without parole, the maximum for the charges.
Under military law, the defendant has given the lesser sense unless he violates terms of the plea agreement, which requires Cortez to testify against others charged in the case.
So, I call it a Charles Spiggly test to find that Cortez and the other soldiers likely suffered stress brought on my fatigue and trauma.
It eats you up, Figgly, said it's a horrible thing. This is not unique, we've seen this in other wars.
Five soldiers were served with Cortez and a rec testified that his actions were out of character and described the hardships of what they experienced, including sleep deprivation and lack of running water.
All of these things.
It's not like any of them are excused to me. All of these African-American and African-American, all of a sudden, the Kravid, it is a bunch of Krav.
I've been saying that for years. What's wrong with this plain little black?
Yeah. Is there something wrong with that?
I don't know, they keep changing the titles so apparently there's a lot of them.
That's why I keep saying that. We keep going from one where it was Negro and then of course the other end, word which God forbid, we can't say that.
And then, you know, African-American, somebody woke up on day and said, here's the real nifty cliche.
See, I don't like that because as she explains, you know, Africa is a continent with a lot of different ethnicities and including white people, Arabic people, etc.
So why can't they just be black?
Like black.
I don't like it.
Oh. African. See, I never heard of a African-Canadian, no?
Or an African-Dutchman or African Italian. Did you ever hear of any of these things? Of course not. Nobody ever heard them because nobody bothered making those up.
Here's the poll so far. We got a thousand, twenty two votes. I wish I had never gained so much.
I just waited, gotten fat, three hundred and twenty four. I hate this poll, 168 down to 16.4% but still an embarrassingly high number.
On a fine poll. On a very nice poll. There's not a damn thing wrong with it. You see anything wrong with it? Nope.
I'm, I'm sorry because I can't find the damn thing. Oh, there it is. Very nice. Yeah, it's very nice. This poll.
I hate this poll, 168. I wish I had never gotten married, 131.
Move to South Florida, 122. Started doing drugs, 67. Started smoking, 39. Been born in South Florida, 31. Chosen to be gay, 26.
Oh, those must be the ones. I wish I had never had children, 23. Come to America on my banana boat or rubber, uh, Q.
In her, uh, 19, got a college of grad school, 16, started drinking, 13, started gambling, 13, gotten divorced, 11.
Started wearing religious head year, nine. That hasn't changed a bit the whole time, okay?
We probably don't have a whole lot of people out there like orthodox Jews, but other kind of people were religious head year all the time.
Muslims? Sure. How many Muslims do you think we got? Not many.
I wish I had never joined the military, seven, been born. I wish I had never been born three.
And I wish I had never become diabetics, only got a pair out of a 1025 votes.
But we get our 1000 votes, Chris. You can be really proud of us. Okay.
Or not. Is the case may be Q. I. M. Hello?
Q. I. M. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Good. I got one. Maybe I don't know if you have it on the poll.
I wish I had never taken this job. I like that. I like that.
I'm going to start. I'm going to start censoring the spots. Right?
Oh, he's terrible. Well, forget about that. One other thing before I go.
If you climb up a tree, Neil, I will kiss you between the limbs. Have a good day.
Come on. 56670560.
375560.
375560.
375560.
375560.
375560.
375560.
375560.
375560.
375560.
475560.
Hey, Neil. I got another one for your poll. Vote for George W. Bush.
Oh, I liked that. I wish I never voted for George W. Bush. That could be the winner right there.
Oh, yeah. Thanks, pal. Have a great day. You too.
See how do we leave that off of there? I wish I never voted for George W. Bush. Oh my God.
I'm ready to plot after that. I'm ready to lay it on the floor and start making guttable sounds right now.
Excellent. WDQ-AM, hello.
Yes.
I think we all need to think about that.
Yeah, okay, good. WDQ-AM, hello.
Daniel.
Yes sir.
Six times, go on your pole.
Yes, it's a certain kind of recto.
That's on your ass.
Yeah, they're playing Tic-Tac-Doh on your ass, okay.
Make sure you don't use the indelible ink, not good.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Two way up.
Yes.
Just drove by the Barrel County Courthouse,
let them know I'm the daddy.
I'm the daddy.
See, being the daddy requires certain equipment,
which obviously you're lacking.
So, you know, you don't have to do too much testing in your case.
Don't work that way.
1034 votes on the pole.
I wanted to be buried next to the sun.
Hello.
I had an idea since the sun is way out there in outer space.
How about next to your rainess?
How's that judge?
Such a judge.
And now they're starting to show clips of judge Judy next to him.
Yeah, right.
So he's getting, they're knocking him on the one hand,
but by the same token, they're giving him like exactly
what he's looking for.
That's what he wanted.
He wanted his 15 milliseconds of fame.
Schmuck, Schmeckle.
Well, there's that the Ambriller for that, the kid.
A five foot six Hispanic band driving a maroon pickup truck.
Do we have any idea where that is?
What's the name of that place again?
Something, uh, I have no idea.
Well, I forgot already where it was.
Something I had someplace I never heard before in Florida.
Indeed, considered armed and dangerous.
Now, we hope to learn more information.
There's going to be a news conference, Fred.
Well, I can't wait for another news conference.
That's always my favorite.
In fact, if Jimmy Johnson's going to be on the news conference
and Dave Wonsden and Wayne Heisenga,
we'll probably carry it here on QAM.
The biggest name.
The best talent to do this is Neil Rogers.
Subcession with hope.
I'm going to go to the boy, boy, boy.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I'm going to go to the boy, boy.
Hey, that's no chance.
I'm going on a boy's life.
I'm going to go to the kid's life.
I'm going to go to the boy, boy, boy.
Hey, that's no chance.
I'm going to go to the boy, boy, boy.
Hey, that's no chance.
I'm going on a boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
I'm going to go to the boy's life.
Number 26, 14-0-0, and 5-60-W-Q-A-M.
Got way over a thousand votes on the poll.
Everything is hunky-dory.
And George will be on at one.
Oh, man, I can't wait for that.
I may actually stick around and listen.
What do you think?
I think you're live.
Yes I am.
That's the end of those calls.
That's probably just as well.
Although, you know, it's the name-good thing.
we had that voted for George W Bush all I can't imagine that that many people
listening to us right now that we've already got the three on there
they're so sorry they regret that and they should apologize man
and you got blood on your hands that's it I write nice lot of blood and a lot of
people's hands
they can almost think about it
speaking of political uh... oh dot comston wrote this
i didn't know that
dot comston wrote this on capital bill dot com
senate democrats have her ready to try to revoke the broad authority congress
gave president bush launches increasing the on popular invasion of a rack in
two thousand three but
the escalating debate in congress could change the balance of power that legislative
body
while democratic leaders map out of strategy to seize control the war from bush
maverick pro-war democrat jue libert men is threatening to jump to the republican
side of the aisle effectively turning control the center over to the g op
the gay old party
libert men's not so subtle threat at field of the burning debate on bush's
failed a back war and highlights the fragility the frailty of democratic control
they are two separate words are they frailty and fragility
yes they are
if he switches parties the senate would be thrown into a time with vice president
dick chaining having a deciding vote
four years ago congress passed legislation authorizing president bush to go to
war in a rack now senate democrats want to take it back
official said thursday the precise wording of the measure remains unsettled one
version of restrict american troops in a rack to fighting al-Qaeda training
Iraqi army and police forces maintaining a rack
territorial integrity otherwise proceeding with the withdrawal of combat forces
majority of your hairy worried intense to present the proposal to fellow
democrats next week and is expected to try to add the measure to anti terrorism
legislation scheduled to be debated later this month
officials to describe the strategy spoke only on condition of anonymity
noting that rank and file senators had yet been briefed on the details
republicans recently for two democratic attempts to pass a non-binding measure
through the senate there was critical bush's decision to deploy an
additional twenty one thousand five hundred combat troops
but the fly in the ointment may be leberman who lost the democratic primary
his home state one is independent and lied himself with democrats when the new
congress opened
reports carry boot off of the political is that but off she worked her butt
off to write it senator jue leberman or kinetic fully political yesterday
that he has no immediate plans to switch parties but
suggested that democratic opposition to funny the war in a rack might change
his mind i think somebody ought to do something with his uh... hummitation
just like conny did with the can always and got by the three
what do you think
exactly
leberman assault style independent caucuses with the democrats has been among the
strongest supporters of the war
and president was just plans to send those initial troops into racked up
well the violence there
i have no desire to change parties jue leberman said the telephone interview
if that ever happens it's because i feel the majority democrats have gone in a
direction that i don't feel comfortable with
said the far-bitch and leberman
as well as nobody happened with the rick leberman said we'll see how that
plays out the coming months specifically how the party approaches the issue
of continued funding
for the war
remember that jackass the call the couple days ago said all i can see now it's
pretty much written first it was written in stone that was going to be
held for president braco bamba for bp which is how isn't going to happen
and it comes up with it's going to be a battle with jue leberman is the running
me
i mean give me a break
thousand fifty seven votes on the pool that's the outcome
george is going to be on a distant hour hour ten minutes not that you understand
what no i don't think
now we're going to play tape
sure
and we want me to do the same thing with joe bell talking about how the tape
so much better than what george fills in
mhm
she'll never say that to your face remember what he told you'll never talk about
you behind the houses you're wrong he repeated exactly what he told you to me
was that my face
that the tapes are better in you suck
know that how much of a you know how much substitution can we do before we can't
call it the new riders show anymore
all we want how about what we do all summer long starting you know something
today is the twenty a third of fibrillary when when he hears the new riders show
he hears something that could be played on the two is the ones they next week or
a month later for a month because he's a crazy person
let me say it again we got march coming up and just a like next
Thursday's march one right because it's my big anniversary
mm-hmm so april may in june like three and a half months after that is the
summer vacation starts this is i mean the summer schedule where it's going to be
all tapes
there could be any tapes are you remember we went through the same thing with
Greg on the trail i know way back then right he can't stay
well they need you even though you're number one in the summertime all the time
thousand fifty seven votes on the pool they just don't like you that's way
and i would be and that's the way it is here people don't like you do it
i don't know a lot of people like me just know what in management apparently in
this building in this way i see well the people that count don't like right i
wish i'd never gained so much weight or gotten fat three hundred and thirty two
i hate this pool one hundred and seventy five sixteen and a half percent well
there's that Leo de camprio he makes me want to puke you know what also makes me
want to puke they showed all those rats did you see that on cn a few minutes
ago at Taco Bell no sure to hold much a ratch running around why do they do that
just before lunchtime bastards yeah not that i'm having lunch but nevertheless
i wish i'd never gotten married a hundred and thirty two
move the south floor to hundred twenty five i wish i'd never started doing drug
sixty seven started smoking forty three
important south floor to thirty one chosen to be gay twenty seven oh oh
i wish i had never had children twenty three
i wish i never come to america my banana boat or rubber inner tube
but
gone to a college or grad school sixteen wish i'd never started drinking fifteen
gotten divorce thirteen started gambling thirteen
well there's that uh... john stockwell
what's that will be losing it yeah that is it well cruises career took off
there's my buddy using a lot of work there's ever anybody been looking at
a better man that he had on time crews forget about time crews i'm looking at
my buddy john stockwell boy he was really pristine and clean that's what uh... this
old queen in sand how about a good time movie losing it
although i'd rather watch christine
is pristine anyway i wish i had never started drinking fifteen gotten divorce
thirteen started gambling thirteen started wearing religious headgear's got
nine the same nine goofballs that started a joint military eight been born wish i'd
never been born four
wish i'd never voted for george w bushes only got three become diabetic three
and taking this job none out of a thousand sixty how can i wish i'd never
voted for george w bush have only three votes
i mean granted most of the bush people those that that thirty percent you know
but third man the last bunch of retardos who are holdouts who support him in every
pool and who just uh... you know in total to know because they're too stupid to
understand what's going on the world and all the blood on his hands
uh... and what a butcher he is an alluding to kind of loser and uh... destructive
et cetera
we've only got three of those well maybe that's good maybe they've all a phone
somewhere maybe they're over there with rush now love that after that maybe
there's a pop in some uh... pills
could be
that's the one thing whatever happened with the missfolio she still in rehab and
by the way how can we don't have the story guess who's back in rehab george
britney right
she went back in yesterday the same place that she left the day before right
this makes number three yeah well i that seems to be her favorite past time in
and out in and out uh... in and out
and worked with cabinet and what do you know that
now you know exactly what i mean the old in and out from the picture would you
that's it no not anymore
why you still you still got the house for britney no i got special
wow
she looking to lovely these days unkeen yeah
so what about those Oscars huh i could cure us i haven't seen any of those
movies and what's the one you were told me before i should see the one guy
called about flyboys that was yesterday that's one that i was saying you
should not see or should not see not see did you say not see yeah
but he said the voices names in james franko that's right and
i don't like it actually his friend's work in this beginning it's not his fault
that it's a really boring movie he's one of those people you really don't know
what he looks like i guess you may have been person you know exactly what he
looks like but he's like uh... and nigma you know
he's uh... it's a good actor though he's pretty good
you don't think he's he i he just fine he's adequate here's the facts from uh
dyke dick the i can never been in here always fact is this i have no idea how to
pronounce his name well it's one of the other
maybe it's d deak there are different since being acting kiss my ass he says
please find me one white supremacist who gives a rancis about peracal balance heritage
amen all these people know the color of his skin which is indisturable from many
African-Americans who are the descendants of slaves his non-stay heritage would
not stop a racist from spewing effort that's toward him or bashing his head in amen
it sure as hell is going to keep them from hoating for them that's for damn sure
it is as often described if it's uh... the so-called black experiences the result
of white racism then our whole concept is nothing but a smelly pile of cowpuckies
African-American is a useless term can some of the Egyptian descent board in the west
consider himself African-Americans see that's what you were saying all the different kind of people
live in africa like an egypt right see the pyramids along the nine you belong to me by joe
staffer remember that i hope you don't have that i hate that i'll go find if there is a god we
should thank us for giving a thank her for giving us Stephen colbert after college
don't ever change it says well amen
so i do like that one of can of worms we open there with a whole uh... the
kill some good time though thanks to you killed some excellent time
i got no joe staffer you know that was your name just j.o. not j.o. we not joe as in who
it nobody knows how to go that jim staffer and tarry staffer jim staffer in the
stales and spiders and what is it spiders and what is it snakes and snakes
joe staffer it's from like before you were born
we don't want to hear that see the pyramid along the nine you belong to me i think the
dopries do that too now maybe you have that that's really old the dopries you belong to me see the
pyramid along the all those Egyptian-Americans are over there and what about all of this uh
yeah there we go now we're talking i know it all right
oh my god
uh-huh see the pyramid along the nine
oh
i think they're about to come through the ceiling
okay dopries that's enough of that from what about 18 now what was it
i don't know the biggest name this is seven eight fifty five sixty wqa
man it's uh the twelve to one hour i mean it's not a big deal it's usually the one to two
out it's a big deal because that means go home you know did you forget something last break
did i i forgot to do a spot yes how about if i do it right now it will still be part of the last
break okay sounds good to me you would think i'm like trying to accelerate to like speed at the
clock and just get in the hell out of here that's the only thing i would do a thing like that with you
like i said time to talk about the main man in the mortgage business Anthony Kelliendo we all
know there are a lot of headaches that come along with financing a home or buying a selling real estate
whichever all of these things according to the main man it's because there are too many parties
involved in the transaction which causes lots of mistakes and delays misinformation like a
communication lies and excuses and at the end of the day it's you the consumer entity with all
the stress you get to fall out the main man has solved all these problems for you just one easy
phone call one eight hundred main man will take care of all your mortgage and real estate needs
one phone number one person deal with the main man and his team of pros get all the answers you'd
be looking for it's the biggest transaction of your life and it's about time somebody made it easy
for you so call my main man Anthony Kelliendo toll free one eight hundred main man that's one eight
hundred main man around line is the main man dot com and don't forget one call does it all okay we
kosher now yes kosher for pace off and poor business far away it's like the first week in March
should we figure out wq a m hello
q a m yeah hello hello hello hey meal down baby i'm kidding i'm busting your chop yeah anyways hey check it
out so it's like there's no bush my crap and and everything like do you know much about like
the free mason and like the illuminati and all these like secret societies and both uh
stolen crossbones with George senior and George Bush junior uh are part of and do you really think
like because i was watching on his channel that they really have like conspiracy and they're actually
controlling the world and we're they're controlling they're controlling you man i'll say that
something is it must be that white powder that must be controlling you whoo heavy duty
oh look at that cool gates spot i like that that's somebody uh for our uh my space thing
well we got several more members we got about twelve twenty five i think something like that
all right well i'm busy here you know i'm pretty easy i'm like i'm like uh look at bratsy
you know like look at bratsy said i'll leave you now because i know you're a busy i got all kinds
of stuff going on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon singular wireless
on most of them having nothing to do with the show by the one Gonzalez in the New York Daily news
writes oily truth emerges in Iraq throughout nearly four years of the daily mayhem and carnage in
Iraq president portion is a's in the white house have scoffed that even the slightest suggestion
that the US military occupations ain't you do with oil the president presumably would have
us all believe that if a rat had the world second largest of five bananas instead of petroleum
american troops still would be there now comes new evidence of the big prize in Iraq that rarely
gets mentioned to what house briefings a proposed new Iraqi oil and gas law began circulating
last week among that country's top government leaders and was quickly leaked to various
internet sites before was ever presented to the Iraqi parliament under the proposed law
Iraq's immense oil reserves would not simply be open to foreign oil exploration has had many
expected amazingly executive to those oil companies would actually be given seats on a new
federal oil and gas council that would control all of Iraq's reserves in other words chevron
exon mobile the British patrol mbp and the other western oil giants could end up on the
board of directors of the Iraqi federal oil and gas council while Iraq's own national oil
company would become just another competitor the new law would grant the council virtually
all power to develop policies and plans for undeveloped oil fields and to review and change all
exploration production contracts since most of Iraq 73 proven petroleum fields have yet to be
developed the new council would instantly become a world energy powerhouse we're talking about
trillions of dollars of oil that are at stake said riot jirara an independent Iraqi journalist
and blogger will obtain an Arabic copy of the draft law and posted an English language translation
on this website over the weekend take for example the massive magnewn field in southern Iraq near
the Iranian border which contains an estimated 20 billion barrels of oil before sannam was
handled by the US invasion in 2003 he granted a four billion dollar contract a French oil giant
total a final elf a total female elf to develop the field in the same way the Iraqi dictator
signed contracts with Chinese Russian Korean Italian and Spanish companies to develop
ten other big oil fields once international sanctions against his regime were lifted the big
British and American companies have been shot out of Iraq thanks to more than a decade of US
sanctions against sannam but if the new law passes those companies will be the ones reviewing
those very contracts and any others irracian economic security and development will be thrown into
question with his law said Antonio juhas of oil change international petroleum industry watchdog
it's a radical departure not only from Iraq's existing structure but from all his
managers in most of the world today throughout the developing world national oil companies control
the bulk of oil production though they often develop joint agreements with foreign commercial oil
groups but under the proposed law the government owned Iraqi national oil company will not get any
preference over foreign companies he said the law must still be presented to the Iraqi parliament
given the many political and religious divisions in the country its passage is hardly Guadanteed
the main religious and ethnic groups are all pushing to control contracts and are revenues for
their region while the Bush administration is seeking more centralized control while the politicians
in Washington bagged that bickered a car up the real prize and just watch here big oil will get
more Iraqi civilians and American soldiers die each day for freedom we are told since one
Gonzalez in the active news mr. Gonzalez yeah freedom is on the march i hate it for freedom
yeah that's right the head of the cause of our freedom shat trash the ones we used to have
oh look at this to make it a big sentence about this kid that got grabbed off the street corner
suspect is in his theories has dark mustache or a tandem bluest rap long-street trick where is
this again and they won't tell us anymore somewhere in Florida somewhere that we never heard of
and are having this press conference let's get it on right now but what does it got to do with sports
here's the poll so far 1888 votes i wish i had never gained so much weight or gotten fat 339
wouldn't it be nice if we had that magic wand you know that one you've got
yeah that's the one oh my god look at that i weigh 150 pounds i got not an ounce of fat on my body
i got a physique just like uh Brady Quinn oh i got a speaking up to my space thing i got a
message from somebody saying if the dolphin side Brady Quinn would you walk or move back to South
Florida and uh get your dolphin season tickets again and i wrote back no chance no chance what about
just getting the season tickets again the only reason you'd want me to get season tickets is so you
could grab and that's gonna be the one that's that's what's happened with everybody you ever said
that's it and well and i don't have them we don't have the fins no more baby we don't got the fish
even though it's in my contract i get dolphin season tickets to you and instead i get instead
panther no the money i'll get the panther too i get the marlins i get the panthers and instead of
the dolphin season tickets i just get the cash equivalent okay not bad yeah not bad heck of a deal man
i wish i never gotten fat 341 well we did and look at us now like them down below we said in
hey my lucky your chubby baby chubby boy now remember that that's what your chubby baby now
i hate this pool 184 16.8% they're just doing that to be bastards that's all
they're just doing that to frost my ass as if you know like that's gonna is that gonna affect my next
paycheck i don't think so how about yours George got his bonus yes such as it was so if anybody
wants a little part yeah yeah little piece i wish i never got married 135 moved to South Florida 127
i wish i never started doing drugs 68 started smoking 47 there's too many choices on here man
takes about a half hour to read the pool so if i read it twice wish i'd never been born in
South Florida 33 chosen to be gay 27 had children 23 come to america my banana boat rubber tube 19
started drinking 18 gone to college or a grand school 16 gotten divorce 13 started gambling 13
i wish i never got off to uh uh summer camp in the adorandex now i'm glad i went off to summer camp
although i missed out on the really good fun yeah i did there was a kid at summer camp his name was
mark wishman i do know how many years ago that is that's 48 years ago and i could still remember his name
i was 16 years old his name was mark wishman he was like gay and he used to uh you know engage in
certain activities with some of the other guy i never got into those sessions though damn it
i wish i never started wearing religious head gear nine that's not gonna change it's the same nine
geckys you know i wish i'd never joined the military eight voted for george wbushes up to five
it's creeping because he's creepy and you people voted for him you're creepier than he is you make
me want a kaka i wish i'd never been born for become diabetic three and taking this job none
that was christmas idea what did not know the caller was calling but you thought it was a good idea
no i like my job oh do you like your job for the kind of money they're paying you but you get free
launch every day anyway well i like my job
oh you are such a suck whole man you're good guy but you just well i mean i'm enjoying my job it's
well i'm gonna be a little more happy i'm glad that i'm enjoying your job see i make it easy for you
right like george always tells people you know if you know how easy it was decided to work for you
i heard it told you back in the beginning you know what i would do all the room were all he's
impossible to work for he's a bastard yeah and i don't know he's got enough i don't give anybody any
crap i just you know go with the flow you know everybody's a fine job and then like yeah i didn't
realize until after the fact that they were in that i mean anybody that can't do this job working
with you yeah what's the day to listen by doing this job the only difficulties we you know are
confronted with are the obstacles placed by corporate in front of us usually of a technical nature
if you catch my grip wait wait how you technical nature please don't start talking bad or the audio
might crap out oh okay i won't say prominent pants new to qa i'm experiencing a difference and
we're it's crap out right there you were still coming up tonight on inside the behind the true
Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story even the great nation like the united states
has had a few sorry blocks in its history there have been wars there have been diseases and there was
disco
i think enough time has passed now that i can talk about it niche is the man who invented disco
in his clear water floor to basement back in the mid 1970s inside the behind secure this
interview i'm conditioned of anonymity since a lot of people still want to kill this guy for
sending real music into the toilet for half a decade
well i still have the machine i made to create disco music right here uh you can see when i
turn the crank it works much like a high-tech audio meat grinder into the top of the machine goes
one of the three basic song subjects dancing dancing all night and dancing like you're never going
to stop causing a few references to booty and you're ready to go then you program in 120 beats per
minute and the final ingredient what is that you're dumping it at the top of the machine oh that's
the crap easy to find so many people don't pick up after their dogs occasionally when i've had beans
for dinner that's fine and before you know it you have a top quality disco song
yeah like the platform shoes get down everybody
how sorry you just so totally deserved that disco for rock and roll fans it was our killing fields
it's a big juicy shopping web look at show business tonight on inside the behind
well there's that swillery the time but if the shoe oh man she makes me sick the
my stomach and there she's gonna show her true color she's already doing it speaking of a skin
color she's showing her is lily white pick it on barak i got news for her he's got more charisma
and more intelligence in his little finger then she's gotten her old nasty spiny uh spiny body
she's a girl in her seven sucking prig he has come along just at the right time you know i'm saying
in other words he's the guy that america's looking for right now is Barack Obama i'm just telling you
he's got the intangibles he's got the charisma he's got the wisdom he's got the intelligence he's got
the balls he got it baby he demand i'm gonna do that for a long time he's not black though look at
that said vote a key oh he's running i'm voting for him well that's not the other guy from CNN i'm voting
for a key and the good news is we got 1110 votes i'm gonna i'm gonna leave for you with a nice you're
gonna have twelve hundred by the end of the day by two o'clock oh geez or i'm gonna want to know
why i'll take it at how about leave me with some good colors oh no not if i'm not this here
if you had it right i think that's in the cards yeah i mean he's scared even he with some good
colors what does that mean these people are all ready for you man oh yeah yeah they are they're
loaded up in fact i wouldn't survive either with a full board of calls if we did it remember
the remember the way it used to be when we put them on hold and screen a call sure did we
screen them like where they were from yeah i guess we did didn't we got the only question we asked
and people didn't realize that they could make up an answer people would always give me a hard time
where are you who would have put it on a till you're looking like they would say brower you know
in other words can't you tell us like tamarack or plantation or laudery hill i mean for laudery
how about like a city how about like a town how about a neighborhood you think that that would be
an easy question but you would get almost every time every other answer except that who's in my
house let's see how many q a m were you calling from hello i like add jeffery to the fall
okay w a m hello q a m hey Neil good afternoon were you calling from sorry i am calling from the
west coast and naturally that's where parish Florida happens to be it's right where this kid got
the kid now is she she's she's going across the south way the skyway from saint p it's the first
town you come to when you call it when you go on south you know that's a beautiful thing i
like that skyway remember one of the woman that old lady got her car got caught over the edge of it
and she was hanging there she was hanging out remember that remember it well and in real two last
things in closing go lightning and god rest the blaster's roll yeah amen take it easy man thank you
of a good weekend that's funny he mentioned that i would have been as soon as he said something
about the skyway bridge i was thinking about bob last year but you know it's hard that someone's
believed but you know it happens to the best of us dance duets dead bob last year is dead all
of these are things you know happens to the best of us george yeah so like i said be nice to people
by their alive don't wait don't wait to pay tribute to people until after they're in a ground it
doesn't do them a bit of good okay they're not pleased by it they're not impressed and i know be
nice to people when they're alive okay give them a big kiss on the lips and a little tongue in whatever
else they want you know like that or not somebody q a m hello hey a white guy in bokeh yes sir
why a hollin bokeh i didn't realize that i didn't realize he was still alive he's the rest of
bad peace and news day freedman oh i wonder what ever happened to fat boy we don't hear from him
anymore thank god well i knew there was something to really be excited about i have a lot of a
lot of upsetting things going on but hi a thali the fact that he's kind of vanished maybe he croaked
or something no he croaked in there now i'm gonna conjure him up he's uh he's lurking uh he's
right there behind the tree beyond your peripheral vision behind what's the sun for you he's behind
the power it's better be a big stump if he's hiding behind it i'll tell you that
somebody q a m hello see we're just warming these up for george but good q a m nice massage
i'm the father i'm the okay good and the sun and the holy ghost q a m hello
yeah i wish i wasn't cuban i'm sorry
i like that let's see how's the poll word i i wish i had never when i that's uh didn't fit in
i wish i'd never been born to be born that you're gonna put that on there or we got the rubber
rafting on there and nobody that's cuban is voting for that well we'll see okay i wish i'd
never been born cuban well that's cute now is he sure that he's cuban they better check his skin color
yeah now why was it doing merriol is it just is in my imagination but during merriol now those
African Cubans right you ever hear that expression no because there was no he says we don't
know you don't use that in cuban we say negro negro which means black is it like schwarzer that
means black you know moe used to get all that out of shape but don't don't but he was
been on the shape with everything but he was just looking for things oh my god did you hear
what he say gonna get up pull it in the head my body all the other crap there's nothing wrong
with it the word schwarz in german and indy uvish means black means dark black but you're not
sure you're saying schwarzer and that's what i'm getting to a person a man who is black is a
schwarzer in yiddish and a woman is a schwarzer there's nothing it all depends on the usage it doesn't
have to be a derogatory term of course it usually is used that way but nevertheless
right right right i guess it's all the pen to the other it depends on the tone of the voice
and the usage is like goyam you know goyam are just people aren't Jewish
anybody who isn't a Jew is a goi yeah G I see that's where it came from
goi and it doesn't have to necessarily be anything derogatory about that all of
you usually is too many goiam goiam qa and hello qa and to goi shavellton
i don't know okay sir i sent you an email on my space yeah i'm the one that
the wife gave the money to the wife oh this is the guy that 179 grand gambler getting
a gave the money to the wife and he wanted George no i'm glad you mentioned it because i forgot
to tell George this guy's more miserable than you are yeah i'm uh i'm gonna leave her now you know
all right tell me you want the 179 grand back first though pala good luck to you yeah he sent me an
email a very sad guy he was very non-grand gambler and gave it to the wife and she blew all the money
of course and now he's there to leave her in should it do that first yeah should have that's
right left her ass and hit left hand with the 179 grand would have been the smart thing to do
and listen nobody's perfect man you know the things that guys will do for love you know guys get
all whipped up over that pink triangle if i can say that on here there's the bermuda triangle
and then there's the pink triangle all of this stuff you know guys get very emotional or some of
them do i don't but gay that's the reason for that i in fact i wrote him back in fact i think that
was my response on the am i space thing i said that's one of the reasons i thank the lord that i'm
gay i don't have to get involved with all that surahs you know yeah so it's a good thing to us
good thing i chose to be gay so parishes over there on the west coast where that's kid and they're
making a big deal out of it on CNN floor to amber alert bring them some good news before this
day's over i ask your help i ask you to be diligent about this as i know you will be and get
these pictures out for it if these pictures out for us that's here of charlie welles of manatee
county you know manatee county that's great and then baby where these have the dog track i believe
from regret in fact why we're working over there in seventy three this goes to show you talk about
racist country i think it was at the in bradentin and maybe it was the surahs over kennel club i
can't recall but anyway the the remnants were still there the markings of the separate uh toilets you
know and the separate waterfonds and i think the one said white one said colored and uh you know
they just hadn't gotten around to changing the wording on it or whatever let me ask you
what color were the colored toilets orange oh 26 past noon a few a.m. George is coming up at one
i was just a little saffola what you got come on so we're going to say for us
self-best talents the business oil broads are coming up
who a president to run it might be fun are you gonna give me that try
oh oh oh oh you make the voters run are you the one will we pop up black guys oh oh oh yeah
the self-erot we come down they made me decide when his name sounds like he's an arab guy
alright fine my babe my my my my my my my my my my my my baby
well see it's good news now that we know that uh he isn't really black we don't have
to worry about all em red next now for a black guy because he ain't black at all
wrong circulating that information yeah man better get that around especially all em red states
You know all in Yahoo redneck states.
See, they're less half of the word off of that thing about the red states.
It's redneck states, not red states.
Redneck.
Here's a great article by Margaret Kimberley on the Smirking Chimp, America the Stupid.
And it starts with a quote from a Republican representative, Todd Akin of Missouri.
He says, Could you preach your Davy Crockett at the Alamo looking at his blackberry,
getting a message from Congress?
Davy Crockett, we support you.
The only thing is we're not going to send any troops.
I'm sure that would really be impressive to Davy Crockett, he said.
There's a sick twisted logic to Akin's idiotic analogy the war with Mexico had a lot in common
with the occupation of Iraq.
White Americans decided they had a manifest destiny to establish a nation from sea to shining
sea.
Mexico wasn't accused of having WMDs, but American politicians told enough lies to start a war
and steal more than half of Mexico's territory.
It makes sense that an image from that arrow would be used to justify continued killing
in Iraq.
Most Americans were always dumber than people in the rest of the world, and their stupidity
is getting worse by the day.
The worship of white supremacy, religious fundamentalism and capitalism are mostly responsible
for the ever-lowering collective IQ.
Those belief systems are mainstays of American thought, and have not come together in a particularly
ugly way.
A member of the Texas State Legislature, Warren Chisholm, recently declared that the
earth doesn't move.
According to Chisholm, the sun and the other planets all revolve around the earth.
He isn't alone either.
There's a new and outspoken group of people who are pushing the notion of geocentrism
and insisting that it be called a science.
Chisholm may affront science, but he passes the most important test in Texas.
He believes in giving more public money to rich people.
Chisholm, chairman of the Appropriations Committee of the Texas House of Representatives, has
spotted a bill that would give an enormous property tax cut to rich Texans.
Chisholm's belief in robbing the public treasure for the good of the rich is no less ridiculous
than pushing medieval ideas about science.
Texas ranks last among the 50 states at what it spends on its citizens.
It ranks high in the number of gun shows, air pollution emissions, and number of children
without health insurance.
Of course, Texas has the fewest number of citizens with high school diplomas.
Perhaps stupidity is Texas centric.
It is too easy to ridicule fundees who agree with the inquisition that Silence Galileo
in the 1500s is much harder to point out that there's an underlying stupidity that's
responsible for most of what's wrong with this country.
The U.S. government is still waiting for a war of aggression in Iraq because of willful
American ignorance.
Most Americans need little encouragement to occupy other nations, kill people, and steal
their resources.
They knew that Sodom Hussain had no connection to the terror attacks that took place on
9-11-2001, yet they were quite pleased to be done in politicians' heave to collective
cyberleaf when they got the go-ahead from a happily clueless public.
Americans stupidity will be front and center on the world stage when the Bush administration
attacks Iran.
Few congressional leaders have expressed complete and vocal opposition to these awful
plans.
They've only said that the president doesn't have the authority to wage war.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said the president does not have the authority to
launch military action in Iran without first seeking congressional authorization the current
use of force resolution for Iraq doesn't give him such authorization.
Reid and his colleagues haven't said that they wouldn't give him authorization only
that he has to ask for it first.
If Bush makes the case to a critical mass of the intellectually challenged public or
just starts bombing in theirs Congress to stop him, he will have the war he has long
saw.
It isn't very likely that Americans will get smarter anytime soon politicians though that
appealing to their worst instincts is usually a winning formula.
The corporate run media is not only unhelpful in lightening the public but is in fact complicit
in keeping them in the dark.
The New York Times is once again leading the charge in helping the Bush administration
push bogus information this time around Iran is the boogie man maligned by unnamed sources
its deja vu all over again.
Belief in American superiority and especially the superiority of white people will always
win the day and will always keep the nation ignorant.
It isn't surprising that politicians he both name of Davy Crockett and Petal Nonsense
about the sun rotating around the earth after all leaders can only be a reflection of
the people they serve.
Totally that was pretty good stuff huh?
That was by Marker Kimberley.
I like to retissue Marker Kimberley.
He does Kimberly Tissues?
No.
Oh.
Well how do you like that?
It goes to show more of this information.
We don't want to be given no bad information here on QAM on your information station.
What's that ex newscast coming?
I still know we've been on here over nine years on the station.
I still can't believe that this station never has a newscast.
Breaking news.
Break this.
Here's the pull again.
Okay.
Like I like this pull.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Although 16.6% say they hate it.
They hate it.
We hate it.
I wish I had never gained so much weight or gotten so damn fat and out of shape and pudgy
like a big cow 348.
I hate this pull.
189 like I told you over 16.5% embarrassing.
I wish I had never gotten married.
140.
Wish I had never moved to South Florida.
131.
See I didn't vote for that.
I voted for the fat thing because if I never moved to South Florida I wouldn't be here
with this posh job sitting in my apartment in Toronto my underwear.
Although I do have my clothes on.
Got my pants and shoes and the shirt on.
Aren't you proud?
No.
Wish I had never chosen to be gay 29.
And let me say if I hear any more stupid crap on that morning show about the gay journalist
and that's why the Tim Hardaway thing became a big story.
I'm going to say this.
One thing to be stupid.
It's another thing to pander to stupid people but they bring it to a brand new level.
You know.
A brand new level.
The Kenny and Bull morning show 7-10 preceding us.
Oh, thank you for our problems.
I wish I had never had children.
24.
Wish I never started drinking 19.
Wish I hadn't come to America on my banana boat slash inner tube 19.
See I can say it.
Cube.
Cube!
He says it better.
Wish I never got to college or grad school 17.
Got in divorce 13.
Started gambling 13.
Started wearing religious 10 year or got another one 10.
10 get skis out there.
And you people that make your kids wear those beanies to school man.
I just I want to scream at those parents don't you those are beanie babies.
Oh are they voted for George W. Bushes up to 8 and you ought to be ashamed.
You ought to apologize.
You ought to get a megaphone and go out and stand on the street corner and say I apologize
to the civilized world of the rest of the place.
I wish I had never joined a military 8.
Wish I had never been come diabetic 7.
See that's going to move up there a little bit.
That's creeping up.
Don't do it man.
No more pizza.
No more pasta.
No more ice cream.
No more cake.
No more cookies.
No more pie.
In other words nothing good.
I wish I was a lot of the steak.
You can have that meat though.
Big juicy steak lobster.
Lobster lobster is good.
I wish I had never been born 6.
Wish I had never taken this job to and wish I had never been born Cuban hasn't got any.
What kind of a bigoted nasty thing was that to put on their George.
The biggest name.
The best challenge that is this meal rotters.
Oh God.
I've been everywhere man.
I've been everywhere man.
That's how I had my share man.
I've been everywhere.
I've been there.
I've been everywhere.
I've been there being no scar.
No scar.
No scar.
No more meat.
I've been there being no scar.
No more meat.
I've been there being no scar.
No more meat.
I've been there being no scar.
I've been there being no scar.
No more meat.
I've been there being no scar.
No more meat.
I've been there being no scar.
No more meat.
I've been there being no scar.
I've been there being no scar.
We're gonna call for you-
How do you like my share man?
I've been everywhere.
I know I'm out there.
I knew I'd have got anything else.
We're going to call for you-
We're going to call for you-
I know I would have something to do with you now-
We're going to tell a boy-
You're gonna tell a boy-
I'm gonna have my share man. I've been everywhere.
And then we're gonna watch it and you can see it. Take that to Wake House.
Yeah!
Well, how he deans, baby, we don't see him no more.
Once a while, I'm talking to Hedgehog. He'll pop up, you know. That's about it.
Call 45 at 5.60. He's living proof of.
Who? What? How are deans? He's proof that.
The media is sick and they talk badly.
Right. They sure did number on him, man.
They never quite, they're fully recovered from it. But nevertheless.
The French secretary Robert Gates conducted a pre-appress, what is it?
A press briefing at the Water Read Medical Center, Washington,
to announce the formation of an independent review group that will look into reports of unacceptable,
unacceptable outpatient care for injured soldiers at the facility.
According to a report in the Washington Post, physically and psychologically damaged soldiers
in Water Read Army Medical Center are finding it difficult to get the outpatient care they need
while awaiting either discharge or return to active duty.
And Gates went on but a beep, but a boop, but a bump.
Okay, we really take good care of our soldiers just by some miracle.
They come back in one piece or alive or like, you know, whatever.
Not.
That's the way it is. It's a Zion America, man.
Call 45. I think let's see, isn't this the last break we'll do it now?
And then, George will have it extra 12 minutes.
No, no. I would do that too.
No, I don't want that. I don't want that.
I just think I got my shirt and my pants and my shoes on.
I don't want people to think that because I get off at one o'clock today.
So there's this little extra bonus travel time.
That's all. What's wrong with that? Nothing.
You know, I remember back in the day.
And it goes to share what I'm more on.
I am not that I got such a such a bad deal.
But back in the day, you remember at IOT, when I used to have a vacation,
I used to take off like Thursday and Friday plus the following week.
Yes, it was quite the scan.
Yeah, I had a really good scan.
I mean, I could do that here too because that's the one thing I will say about this business.
I can't say too much good about it.
I mean, it's been good to me, but that's beside the point.
But the one thing I will say is that they generally speak.
And as long as they've got, as long as the final tubes are glowing
and there's something on the ear, they don't really give a crap how much time you take off.
And of course, this station though, you know, they carry that to an extreme.
How many days a year out of the 365 days in here?
How many days do we have like the red to hold the full staff on?
About 30, man.
Maybe. You know what I mean?
The morning show, which everyone happens to be at the time in the big rock solid him
and then the mad dog and the Humper in Eddie K.
Very seldom is everybody on there.
Now we're all on today.
We got the mad dog at two and then the big power hour and then the Humper from five to six, uh, fifty.
And then we got how Keynes baseball with the amazing Joseph Gackie.
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay?
Uh-huh.
And then you got the Keynes and Elon is what that is.
Wow, Elon.
Remember that song by Elton John E.Lon?
Yeah.
Paul Krugman writes,
colorless green ideas.
He says the factual debate about whether global warming is real or is the least should be over.
The question now is what to do about it.
Aside from a few dead enders on the political right climate change skeptics seem to be making a seamless transition
from denial to fatalism.
In the past they rejected the science.
Now with the scientific evidence pretty much irrefutable,
they insist that it doesn't matter because any serious attempt to curb greenhouse gas emissions
is politically and economically impossible.
Behind this claim lies the assumption that explicit or implicit that any substantial cut and energy use
would require drastic change in the way we live.
To be fair, some people in the conservation movement seem to share that assumption,
but the assumption is false.
Let me tell you about a real world counter example,
an advanced economy that's managed to combine rising living standards
with a substantial decline in per capita energy consumption
and managed to keep total carbon dioxide emissions more or less flat for two decades,
even as both its economy and its population were rapidly.
And to achieve all this without fundamentally changing a lifestyle,
send in automobiles and single-family houses and achieve all these things,
the name of the economy? California.
California.
There's nothing heroic about California's energy policy,
but that's precisely the point.
Over the years, the state has adopted a series of conservation measures
that are anything but splashy.
They're the kind of drab colorless stuff that excites only real policy wanks.
Yet the cumulative effect has been impressive,
and still I'll show it to what we really need to do.
The energy divergence between California and the rest of the U.S. states from the 1970s,
both the nation and the state initially engaged in significant energy conservation
after that decade's energy crisis.
But conservation in most of America soon stalled.
After a decade of rapid progress, improvements in automobiles came to an end,
while electricity comes to an assumption continued to rise rapidly,
driven by the growing size of houses,
the increasing use of air conditioning, and the proliferation of appliances.
All of these things.
In California by contrast, the state continued to push policies,
designed to encourage conservation, especially electricity,
and these policies worked.
People in California have always used a little bit less energy than other Americans
because of the mild climate.
But the difference has grown much larger since the 70s.
Today, the average California uses about a third less total energy than the average American.
It uses less than 60% as much electricity as responsible for a minimum of about 55%
as much carbon dioxide.
How did the state do it?
In some cases, conservation was mandated directly through energy efficiency standards for appliances
and rules governing new construction.
Also, regulated power companies were given new incentives to promote conservation
via rule changes that decoupled their profits from the amount of electricity they sold.
And yes, a variety of state actions had the effect of raising energy prices.
In the early 1970s, the price of electricity in California was close to the National Library,
which today it's about 50% higher.
Incidentally, since someone has bound the mention of the California energy crisis of 2001
has nothing to do with this story.
That crisis was caused by market manipulation.
We've got it on tape made possible by ill-conceived deregulation not by conservation.
Back to California's success, as the higher price of power indicates,
conservation didn't come free.
Still, it's striking how invisible California's energy policy remains.
It's easy to see why New York has much lower per capita energy consumption to say Georgia.
It's a matter of high-rise versus sprawl, mass transit versus driving alone.
It's less obvious that Los Angeles is a much greener city than Atlanta, but it is.
So, as California a role model for climate policy, no one yes.
Even if America's a whole had mass-California's conservation efforts,
we'd still be emitting about as much carbon dioxide as we were in 1990. That's too much.
But California's experience shows that serious conservation is a lot less disruptive,
and poses much less of a burden than the skeptics would have it.
And the fact that the state government with far more limited powers than those of Washington's disposal has been able to achieve so much
is a good omen for our ability to do a lot to limit climate change
if and when we find the political will.
That's Paul Krugman's take today.
And speaking of Judge Larry, there's a skating article, do I have time for it?
I guess I do, in the Sun Sentinel.
Please, resist the hero.
I don't want to...
Oh, it's in the hero, excuse me.
It's in the hero, I better not read it.
It says Judge Larry had the gavill, but he took the wraps.
The judge who was presided over the end of Colsmith hearing became part of the TV drama
to these sugren of some of his colleagues.
After a judge,
college snickered about his courtroom demeanor.
He talked too much. He was way too emotional.
I want her to be buried with a son.
Legal analyst derided his professional judgment, and in the end, in the end,
he said, back down.
He issued a questionable ruling that left the real decision to somebody else.
Yesterday, Broward Circuit Judge Larry Sidel and we believe presiding over closing arguments
on where to bury Anne and the Colsmith, a flamboyant woman whose job description is
to vote at Stryper, we have a TV star in Playboy Center full.
People call the newspaper a Florida Supreme Court, and Broward's chief judge to complain about him.
I can't believe the judge at Alan Davis 45 who works in the mail room with the auto-nation building across the street
from the Broward County Courthouse in downtown Fort Lauderdale.
He joined dozens of golfers outside yesterday waiting for the various factions to emerge.
He's just a big drama queen, Davis, and he's putting on a show.
This is not about the judge, and he's crying.
He's crying over there despite the criticism of Sidel and 56.
56 kept up his little equities until the last day,
very often talk about Camelot and Smith's admiration for Marilyn Monroe.
He nicknamed witnesses, joking for the lawyers about getting a drink,
and offered them in juicing sandwiches when their blood sugar levels sank.
His time in the spotlight is even a few old speculations that he might be in line for a judge's duty-type show.
At the end, he issued his ruling.
He ignores the media pressure that one lawyer termed network necrophilia.
She had to live all her life with that attention, Sidel, instead of Smith.
I just got a week and a half, and it's ready to flatten me down, he said.
Few lawyers at Judges Reven, former judges, wanted to publicly criticize Sidel,
but Salford's legal networks buzzed with concern that the judge was giving their profession
in South Florida a poor showing.
Last week, several Sidel's colleagues approached him with some advice.
They persuaded him to move the proceedings out of his chambers into a courtroom.
They convinced him it would look more judicial and professional on television,
said Skip Campbell, a trial or a former state senator ran for Attorney General last year,
who's been friends with Sidel and for more than 30 years.
But third, man!
Campbell represented Sidel and a 94 lawsuit against a garage door manufacturer.
He and State Representative Jack Sidel, a lawyer who tried cases in front of Sidel,
went to him with some pointers on how to handle the case and the attention.
Larry Sidel and his one of the Swedish guys around Campbell said he's a judge who feels
that justice should be administered using common sense as opposed to some of the more rigid rules of the court.
That may not look dignified on TV, but has his play Sidel said.
Sidel and spent much of his three decades on the bench in juvenile court
where his touchy-feely emotional approach was appreciated.
Obviously, people watching this proceeding may disagree with a style Sidel said it's a different style
where he used to sing on TV. He's a judge who's very thoughtful and very caring,
and sometimes that's not the style of judge people are used to.
And maybe in this proceeding, that's not the best style.
Some blame that the frenzied atmosphere more on the top of the nature of the case
and smith's life and death.
It was disturbing to me to see all this focus and attention to a body,
said Kroel Gables' lawyer David Diel.
It was really like a circus atmosphere.
But Diel, who once had a body custody case of his own,
praised Sidel and his decision to get custody of Smith's body to Richard Milstein,
whom Sidel pointed a look out for her baby's interest in the case.
He's just a wonderful person and has great judgment, Diel, Sidel and Milstein.
How do you like that?
All right.
Milstein, not of the judge.
Sidel and critics say he failed a reign in three tables of lawyers
who were happy to be appearing on live TV for days on end.
Sometimes there's a tendency for lawyers to be very happy to be in a highly publicized case,
so judge E. Preminger, former New York Probe,
who oversaw the Arizona-era's Dora's Dukes' state,
as well as that of artist Andy Warhol.
A judge has to fight back too.
But Preminger, who was now in private practice in New York,
also said Sidel and's getting a bum rap.
Yes, he's a big gyrilist.
Yes, he shares his thought with the parties in the courts of Goodeel.
She said, that's a style thing more than anything else.
We judges our vain and try to look elegant and important,
and he doesn't, but that's okay.
No, he's just...
A little bit like that.
I wanted to be very good to the side.
Well, he got into it, you know?
There's nothing wrong with people who get into their work, right?
Like George, George is going to be into his work very deeply
between one and two, because I'm gone, man.
I'll show you an off-drop, get in there.
Bet you are, that's okay.
Get those tops, there's all that.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, for that one and two are.
That's right, otherwise we'll slap that thing.
And the good news is, look at what good hands you're lifting.
1164 votes, you got that 1200 votes.
Give us five ways to saturday.
The fengozies will be so fast, you know,
like this is Neil Roger.
I'll be back for the moment, the man is mine.
I'm fighting so, WQA.
I don't give a right to ask about him.
I was a lonely hairy man,
and my life was second-rate.
And on the scale from one to ten,
my naked body was a 4.8.
It's so hard to be a done one
when you got a jinchilu wrapped around you.
I tried scissors,
I tried waxing,
but that pain is in the past.
Now I'm just relaxing with the
feelings body room.
The convenient symbol and gentle way
to make your chin at all's bloom.
Now I've got one more optical linchig on my
back.
Research has shown I've got the best set of
f**king on the block.
My f**king is going public.
I suggest you buy the stock.
Before I groomed, I'd wait by the phone,
but no one called.
Now the phone, it won't stop ringing
because my f**king is nearly bald.
My love life was slow,
but lock an antiquated down a modem.
Now it's gone broadband with my friend who is silky.
She burns the incense that she likes the scots.
The water really sets the mood.
It's my tidily trip.
We want to thank you.
My f**king is a f**king thank you.
Thank you, Philips, body room.
Thank you, Philips, body room.
You know, that sounded awful lot like a commercial,
because it was.
That's what we were talking about the other day when we backed into that website.
Neil read the article.
We were talking about the shaving.
I checked out the website.
One of the funniest websites you can spend some time on.
The shaveeverywhere.com website designed to pimp that device,
the Philips body room.
Gary Sarner continues to be a bunkhole.
He only ever comes in here when it is either he wants something,
he wants something from us or to sandbag me.
Like the time the Dickensider beverage guy was in here.
He came in here because he wanted to buy some spots on the Georgia's
filling in for Neil's summer show,
because that's the kind of thing that we talk about.
He spent the entire time in here pitching for rail to the guy.
All the guy wanted was some stuff.
Miguel was here for it.
Miguel brought in the, we were looking for a real sales hole.
There wasn't one around.
So he, Miguel brought Gary Sarner in here, the only one around.
So that the guy could get some quotes.
He had a budget.
He wanted to know what that budget was able to get for him.
Gary didn't answer his question just at the whole time saying,
you know how ridiculous it was to want to advertise, you know, with me.
The guy that he had heard talking about the product in the first place.
And that he should be on with, with, with, for all.
Because, because for all causes wife 34 C.
That sounds like a real thing.
He just jumped up and down, flopping his arms the whole time.
You are, you're an absolute bunghole, Gary Sarner.
Because come to find out we had crates of these things,
these Phillips bodygroom things laying around.
I could have actually, you know, scored one for free.
And, you know, reciprocated all this free publicity that we're getting.
And instead of having to buy one, which I did.
And to answer your question, Miguel, before we went on the air,
because I asked him how long ago was that, and all he gave me was crap.
He was out like Neil.
Talk about archaic, out of touch.
And you're a young guy.
I can understand old men like Neil not understanding that, that, that hair is out.
But you, and I was, and I was one of the most militant people in the world.
Especially us mountain men.
We never heard from taking metal below the belt.
And that includes chicks with braces either.
Just ask my friend Herley Flarey about that one.
Oh yeah, he's the one.
He had a lot of adventures, you know.
I got adventure stories.
We all have our adventure stories.
They all pale compared to the adventures of Herley Flarey.
And all of the, the things that he got into.
Including the, the braces story.
We had boxes of these things.
And to answer your question, Miguel, it wasn't for me.
He didn't just want to come out and say, for me, although I might wind up using it because,
and as we discussed years ago with Joe Castello, who we all made fun of,
and it turns out that he was right, and the rest of us were wrong.
Girls below a certain age, younger than, say, 50,
they don't want Wolly Bullying anymore.
That's out.
And I made fun of Joe and everybody in intern Shannon was in here going,
no, look at him, he's shaking her head going,
tith.
I ain't going anywhere near a crotch that's got hair on it.
So, but the thing is, is that it comes with attachments so that you can have a nice fade if you want.
You can have the feathered David Cassidy, do if that's something that you want to do.
You just got to take some of the length off.
I mean, you look like Chewbacca.
If you don't take some of the length off, but originally it wasn't for me.
We had a dilemma.
We had a dilemma in the household with regards to what to remove, you know, excess with.
And nobody was talking about shaving.
They just wanted to, we all wanted to take some of the matter off there.
Get things under control, so to speak.
And I did some research independently, not even knowing that there was this whole campaign going on,
just a few doors down in the hallway, and that we actually had a forklift loading and unloading these devices into the building,
and I could have scored one, but thanks Gary Sonner, thanks for nothing.
All the buffering that I do for him, all the pimping and, you know,
and advocate for his products on his behalf that I do, you know, between him and Neil,
which I get nothing out of.
You know, I got to stop being nice.
Would you remind me of you all to stop being nice to people, especially people,
especially people that hate me and talk nothing but crap behind my back and talk about how nobody wants to advertise when I'm on the air,
even though their ratings are higher when I'm on the air than anybody else on the station except for Neil.
But I'm not supposed to say that.
Yeah, it smells like swamp gas in here because of the guys, because of the guys in the roof,
they're right above our head right now, pouring septic tank juice down the vents.
Hey, at least I know I'm banging right now, trying to do it in the head.
That's at least better.
At least the audience can appreciate that.
That's something we can all share with the audience.
The sound effects, the stench of sewage gas.
That's just for us.
We're the special ones.
So anyway, so we got the IOTA from Amazon, the Phillips body room,
and I wish that I had a good report, but nobody has actually, like, used it properly yet.
We just kind of played around with it.
So far, so good, though.
And it shaves in any direction, especially like forwards and backwards,
because that's the big problem.
Everything's moving around down there.
And if you have a device that only shaves in one direction, then you know,
you got to turn the device around or your hand around or some somehow stand on your head.
But this thing, if you push it, if you pull it, it's doing work no matter which direction it's going in.
It's great.
And it's got the nice, comfortable, rounded edges and the plastic devices,
but I haven't really gone south of it yet if you know what I mean.
Did the backs of my arms?
Look at this.
Look at the backs of my arms there.
Nice.
You used to have like, you know, when you're young and you, you're, you got all kinds of problems.
And only you balled on your head.
You've got more hair growing out of your ears than Yoda.
Have you noticed that?
Did you know that?
Going out of my ear.
You had tufts of hair growing out of your ears.
No.
You look like a Dr. Seuss character.
No.
I mean, I know you've got enough issues.
Not on the ears in your ear.
That's where it starts, and then it just spills out of there.
You could braid that stuff.
How do you not see that in the mirror?
Miguel, tell them it and he's got giant hair.
You don't even have to get close to him.
You don't have to get close.
I can see it from here.
It's a forest in there.
It's a redwood forest in there.
There's old growth lumber going in there.
There's a chick sitting in a tree inside Chris Azir is in there.
It's so hairy.
So if somebody else has used this, you know, you can share your own experiences with it.
I read that in an Amazon, they have all these reviews that people post.
I was reading reviews for a whole lot of devices.
A lot of devices, even the $100 ones, were getting really poorly reviewed and saying stuff.
Here's another important feature that was important for me.
It's got to be something that you can take into the shower with you.
We tried other methods.
Yes, I remember you talking about it.
Messy, you got to do a lot of sweeping and towels, buckets of water are involved.
Two-person operation, people propping their legs up on things.
It's a logistical nightmare is what it is.
But the angle of the head of this thing and the microfilm and so far, so good, I'll let you know.
Just stay tuned.
But I just wanted to take the time.
No, Chris is not going to borrow it after.
No.
Or beforehand.
Good.
Got Almighty.
What a notion.
It won't fit in his ears anyway.
I don't know where it'll fit and I don't want to know.
Now we got an hour to kill and I'm really torn because Neal doesn't get the comedy bit CDs until at the end of the week.
But I have the ability.
Well, he has the ability too.
He just wants to download some fresh ones.
So here, we have the same Brittany bit done to different kinds of music.
Because that's all anybody's talking about.
Anna Nicole's carcass and Brittany's shaved head.
Remember a few months ago we were talking about Brittany's shaved.
Yes.
Self.
And how yucky it turned out.
You know, it wasn't that.
It was the Frankenstein scar right above it.
The C-section is going to be a big jagged purple glow in the dark scar right above it.
No offense to all you C-section ladies out there.
I should put a zipper in some of you people.
Like her, for example.
Did you see the latest footage before I tangent off her banging on the car window with the umbrella?
Here, she was at K-Fed's house, banging on the door wanting to be let in to see the kids.
Now, when you're crawling around on your hands and knees outside of his house, begging him for anything, that's rock bottom.
You know how people, when they drink or they do drugs, they talk about, oh, they just haven't hit rock bottom yet.
Guess what, honey?
That's rock bottom.
When you are in a prone position and a supplicant position before Kevin freaking federal line, there is nothing lower than that.
We used to think there was nothing lower than him.
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out how scary has it become that he went from being the crazy one to be a changeable guy.
Yeah, the crazy jerk back deadbeat.
Yeah, he's the more responsible parent.
He might get custody because he's the more responsible parent.
You know he has two other children with that what's your char Jackson?
Who is a cutie but she has other children besides the ones she has with his.
Everybody's just breathing and popping kids out all over the place.
It's all the rage.
Do you hear about the China story?
That's been on news.
Speaking of China.
I'm wearing the China shirt today.
My friend just got back from China brought us some souvenirs.
They're all having these kids.
There is a population boom in China of all the places that need to have a population boom because this is the year of the Golden Pig.
It's good luck to be born in the year of the Golden Pig.
It's not just the year of the Pig.
You know the Chinese zodiac goes by the year.
But apparently there's more to it than that.
It's not just the year of the Pig.
It's the year of the Golden Pig for some reason.
Everybody's working feverishly.
They already have been working feverishly to have a kid born this year.
So big old population boom in China.
Speaking of China, my friend who came back.
He's a little jaded because he's whatever.
But here's one thing.
I know that he's blue-skying his Chinese event.
But he says that in China, China is a very big country just like the USA.
He says the big country and they take flights to different cities within China from one city to another city.
He says they're getting on a plane is like getting on a bus.
No shoes off, no searching, no this, no that.
You go to the airport, you park, you walk in, you get on, you know.
If you either have your ticket or you buy your ticket, the plane is supposed to go at this time.
Bording now, you go, it's like getting on a bus.
Well, I don't have any carers in there, you know.
Gee, why?
They have issues with Muslims as well.
They have a lot of Muslims there.
He was telling us all about it.
He got some pictures.
They've got provinces, especially in the southern portions where they have a huge Muslim population.
I think it's funny.
When the Chinese are, you know, when they have something going on that we have to be jealous of, that we have to envy, then you know we're in trouble.
Correct.
I thought it was supposed to be we get to make fun of them.
You know, they're in the stone age and they eat dog and stuff like that.
It's been a long time.
According to him, they don't do that anymore.
Not at all. They don't do it any less either.
He said that they weren't eating dogs anywhere where he was, but they do it in other areas and I'm thinking, well then that's the place to go.
What's the point to go into China? What's the point?
If you can't get some dog or some cat or, you know, or some opium or a slave stuffed with opium, which he never did bring me.
115 on all opium radio 560 QAM.
To see the girlie shopping up the mall.
Pervert man. Pervert man.
Never has a day but old to fall down.
Shit, twisted. Pervert man.
You know.
He's living in the basement at his parents' place.
At 37, he's still in fact the audience face.
His hands free, see, and his shirts melt feet.
He was on the catcher predator while in Meats' scene.
Right to bodies rage on his face face face.
He's a girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
A girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
I want to come all in, bring the beer and in pot and in in talk really dirty to you.
He's on his computer with his fruit of the food.
Trying to score it all the chat rooms.
Send the naked pictures from his online camp.
If you like, he may be a little go to spam.
He's a scary troll with a hairy mole.
He's a girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
A girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
I have access to my mom's country's quiet station wagon all weekend.
Maybe we can take a ride.
Yeah, let's take a ride.
He'll make you see and crawl.
This guy named his boy and boy.
You wanted to leave. He's a total skie.
He's a girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
A girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
You want to make a movie with me?
I got a great collection of porn movies.
And I star in most of them.
But I'm alone in it.
You look so hot.
You'd look great stuffed in my closet with a black apple in your mouth.
Blacks to go and bank a ship in the tarland.
Pepper, pepper, pepper, pepper.
The fans that he was famous in a boy band.
Pepper, pepper, pepper.
He's leather underpants making one of his fans.
He's a girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
A girl stalking dirty, stalking pervert man.
Okay, you know how many votes there are in the poll right now?
I don't know, and I don't care.
I don't know why.
I know it's just a game that he plays with himself and whatever.
I wish I'd never come to South Florida.
I'm dealing with this.
And you hear it every morning.
I cracked Josh up the other morning.
He ran to Miguel and just all red face.
He heard me yelling at my mom on the phone in Spanish.
Oh yeah, that was awesome.
Most people.
Because I'll go a long time amongst my peer group without them having ever heard me speak Spanish.
So a lot of people forget that I actually can after a fashion speak Spanish.
And here's the funny thing that you might think this is funny.
Or maybe, dude, I'm swooning from the smell of tar and funk.
And we're going to pass out.
Workman's, what is it?
Work hazard, workman's comp hazard.
Let's just fall.
Let's just spoon and pretend that this is burning my eyes.
Anyway, ironically, since I don't have a good relationship with my mother, that's to say the least,
the Spanish that I speak is best when I'm speaking with her and really the best when I'm angry and speaking with her,
which is almost all the time.
So we got to hear the best of the best.
We got to hear the best of the best and it started out with me going,
guy, get the, guy, get the, guy, get the, because she'll answer the phone and,
man, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean.
It just started talking about a whole bunch of blathering nonsense that has nothing to do with the issue at hand.
And the issue at hand is some construction going on on a piece of property that she owns in North Carolina.
And somehow I got a straighten out the fact that some beener up there is doing work without a permit,
because she was told that you wouldn't need a permit by either Buster, Buster,
Booster Rupert Beels Howell's, or him or whoever.
And I got to, and I got to straighten it all out, but the people are so nice.
Can you imagine, and I was starting to tell you this during the break,
can you imagine saying to someone down here, hey, go out to my house,
graze the septic tank, replace the filter and send me the bill.
Whatever it is, I trust you.
Can you imagine saying that to someone in Florida?
Yeah, no.
No.
No, but that's what I'm doing and I have nothing but confidence that I don't know.
I'm not getting enough right now.
Yeah, exactly.
They're pumping someone's septic tank, maybe our own,
and pouring the contents into the roof, making sure that it spills into the vents that are feeding our studio right now.
I'm going to swoon.
So I got a letter here from Gilbert.
Before I go on, because I tangent it off and I never came back.
You've got to be the bookmark, the tangent anchor, because I'll tangent from tangents.
You've got to keep a scorecard going.
I have a whole bunch of Brittany montages.
Brittany going crazy montages.
One is to the tune of Hadabad Day.
The other one is Crazy Train and the other one is Let's Go Crazy.
There's a thing we have here to know.
Alright, I like Crazy Train best, so we'll use that one.
Speaking of Crazy, here's a letter from Gilbert.
Gilbert's all I'm in, ladies and gentlemen.
A bad person.
No, I can't say the things that I want to say about him.
There are people who have low IQ, who are mentally challenged, who are
X bricks short of a load.
However, you want to put it that are good people.
And there are those that suffer similarly who are bad people and everything in between.
Just because you have a low IQ, that has nothing to do with whether you're a good person or a bad person.
Gilbert's all I'm in, you are a bad person.
Alright, you're a lot of other things that I could call you, but we can't say them on the air anymore.
All of those bad negative words that you could call someone.
That's what you are Gilbert, but here's a letter, dear George Rodriguez spelled an I don't even...
I'm just surprised you can read that from what I can say.
It looks worth a second scratch.
I need help, there really needs to be a battery of scientists.
The people that decipher the hieroglyphics.
That's what I was just saying, it's hieroglyphics from over here.
The anthropologist, archaeologist, the people that read Sanskrit.
We need them to see what Gilbert has written.
I was...
I was promised a friendly moment ago when Neil Rogers came to the 560WOQI on the first day, 9 years ago.
And I haven't had all that, that, that, that, that, that.
Public.
I can only read what I can read.
And not what's that?
And not having one outdoor show for the public.
I don't even know what that means.
Neil Rogers lied to me on the radio on WILD 610 AM to invite me to regularly feel to sing
and take me out to the ballgame with Harry Carey.
It did not happen.
It is wrong.
I was never invited to a game.
I know that Neil Rogers had...
What's that?
Ben, Laddum.
Had a Ben Laddum worker.
Across the street, when Neil Rogers was living.
Oh, had a Ben Laddum worker.
What?
What does that mean?
Is that his way of saying...
Is that his way of taking an ethnic shot?
Yes, I think.
At someone of possibly Arabic ancestry.
Who might...
Mayor may not have been associated with Neil.
So you're bigot on top of everything else, Gilbert.
What a surprise.
Across the street, when Neil Rogers was living in sunrise, Florida.
I was listening to WILD and it was the show the next day after 9-11.
That is why Neil Rogers moved to Toronto.
Oh, I see.
Wait, but 9-11, he was...
He was right here, Gilbert.
So you're more than just a few bricks short.
You're completely bonkers.
Help me!
Another girl were working with Steve Kent and Nick Lawrence at 6-10-WILD
and told you to hate me.
Oh, oh!
Is that what happened?
Nick and Steve hated me when Nick had 7-9-E-W-N-W-S.
Please turn over.
You know, this is great.
Never in my life, instructions.
Never in my life have...
I got in a letter that was on front and back, two-page letter,
where someone bothered to tell me to turn the page over at the bottom.
But wait, he says, please turn over, but then there's more under that on the same side here.
Well, maybe you're supposed to turn over.
Yes, it was wrong.
I was not invited to the football Super Bowl game.
It does say supper, but I'm...
Listen, I'm cleaning it up.
George Rodriguez, it's wrong that I was never invited to the game on one call.
You are going to be in big time trouble with the FCC and the police.
The FCC and the police are going to get your...
Fanny? Fanny?
They mean it this time.
George Rodriguez, you are a mean bastard.
Go to hell, since you're like a battalion.
PS George, you are Neil Rogers and half of your clowns at WQIM are going to be fired.
That's you, you are the clowns.
Fired on...
On...
Havvening...
Havvening OPEC Agency Office in an OPEC country.
Huh?
Apparently, we have an OPEC office in an OPEC country.
That's interesting.
That must mean we got some bucks.
Yeah, that's why I'm wondering where is it?
Like what happened to my...
Bonds?
I have...
Where am I going?
I have bonds.
Tell me.
Slight, slight.
From New York, before I moved down here to Florida in July 1986,
Bill Clinton, the rich, and said the rich must pay OPEC agency office to get...
Got busted in OPEC country.
I wish there was more to this.
Go but you're a crazy person.
So I know that nothing that I say will have any effect on you,
just like I know that nothing that I say will have any effect on any of the crazy people out there,
whose actions are far beyond their control, and it's not up to you.
But here, just for your sake, and just for the audience,
and the name of just talking out loud,
just so that everybody understands the history of Gilbert Solomon in the Neil Rogers Show
and where I fit into this...
Where I don't want to.
Neil Rogers had already told Gilbert to take a flying leap long before I became the producer of the Neil Rogers Show.
Now when did you first produce for Neil Rogers?
1990.
And as I asked for instructions,
Neil said, you know, I said, who should I put on, who should I not, I didn't understand.
Every other show did real heavy screening, I know we're late for break, but you know, whatever.
Every other show did really heavy screening, and I was asking Neil, what's the proceeds sure on this show?
And he said, just put everybody through, I'll let you know who not to put through as they call.
Gilbert was, among the first, if not the first person that Neil said,
that's one I don't want to hear from ever, ever again.
And so when Gilbert called, every other time subsequently, and he would say this,
I want to talk to Neil Rogers, he would say that in Gilbert voice,
and I would say, very simply, the same thing that I say to everyone else that Neil doesn't want to talk to,
I would say, no, and then hang up the phone, and take another call.
That's how screening was done for many, many years.
If I heard a voice that was someone that Neil had already told me that he didn't want to talk to anymore,
I would say, no, they would say something like, can I talk to Neil Rogers or something to that effect,
and I would say, no, I wouldn't say something to that effect, I would just say, no, and hang up the phone,
and take another call.
The call came in continuously.
So there you are, Gilbert.
I never did anything to you, even though you called the office and made up a whole bunch of crap saying that I was calling your house,
and making death threats, and all this other crazy coupoubanana stuff, because you are bonkers.
All right, you were as nutty as a bag of mixed nuts.
But I never did anything to you other than my job, other than hanging up on you,
the way that I was told to by Neil.
Neil is the one that didn't want you on the show anymore.
Neil is the one that didn't want to talk to you anymore.
Neil is the one that has an issue with you.
It wasn't my job to decide who Neil wanted to talk to.
If I had any influence on the show in those days at all, about who Neil talked to or who Neil put on the show,
and I would have kicked him out of the studio with the first word out of his mouth.
I would have said, who the hell are you and get the f out of here?
Neil would spend a lot of time talking to a lot of people that I didn't particularly care for.
It's none of my business.
He, the Neil Rodgers show, he talks to whoever he wants to Gilbert, and that includes you.
I understand that he used you for material for a long time there,
and when he didn't want to talk to you anymore Rick and Suds used you for a lot of time,
you know, until you wore out your welcome with their show, but it has nothing to do with me Gilbert.
All right? And in substituting for Neil Rodgers, I would have possibly entertained some phone calls from Gilbert Solomon,
and made a fool out of you the way that so many other people had,
if not for the fact that you had, you know, that you decided to be the kind of person that you are Gilbert.
So please go die and good luck with this OPEC business.
That's, that's bizarre. That's a good one.
Thank you Gilbert. Help me kill a segment. 29-2 on all Gilbert Radio 560, QAM.
What is up with Britney Spears, ranking Tequila from a bottle?
I hope for her say that she gets a grip on herself.
Britney appeared to strut, and a bottle of what appears to be vomit is a really good thing.
She grabbed the flippers and shaved off all of her.
All right, let's sing a bit for the music.
What is up with Britney Spears, ranking Tequila from a bottle?
I hope for her say that she gets a grip on herself.
Britney appeared to strut, and a bottle of what appears to be vomit is visible in the back seat.
She grabbed the flippers and shaved off all of her hair.
I'm going out of favor.
Three days later, Spears checked into Rehab.
I'm going out of favor.
Tequila mother had a fight before she's cured off of her hair.
Britney Spears reportedly said she shaved off her hair because she was both tired of everybody touching me.
Ball, tattooed woman, buy out her health perfect.
Live with her son Sean and her rap.
Did Britney Spears check into Rehab over her face?
Britney took the shears herself.
So destructive.
What happened to Britney Spears?
Okay, she can say.
That's better.
22 till 2560 QIMO.
So great. So great. It's Friday.
Why am I sounding like a Japanese person?
A lot of shaving going on.
Look at this.
I wind and moaned and got me one of these bodygroom things.
Now we can have his and hers.
Not that I was really worried about the cross contamination anyway.
Already grinding groins with someone.
This doesn't really matter if you share the old razor.
No, I don't let my daughter use our shaving devices.
Good got all mighty.
Got to draw the line somewhere.
I'm going to get my a dremel and engrave my name in on this one.
Otherwise get a sharpie.
Just cuz.
Well that doesn't work here.
Well that work at home.
No.
When you're married you know it's like what's mine is yours.
What's yours is mine.
It's it's almost like that.
What's mine is hers.
And what's hers is hers?
And what's hers is hers.
And it ends like that.
So I know because we were talking about it before the show or not be well earlier in the week.
That wife swap on money speaking of crazy people.
I've never had it's been such a long time since I'd heard the term high meat.
And they had the wife swap with these people.
Who the self-sufficiency thing is good.
But they don't believe in cooking anything.
I'd never heard of it.
Who could buy meat before.
So that's what you had.
It goes by people.
I keep reminding people yes you've heard it you saw a gray stoke.
And when they're at the table one of the guys is talking about the the fizz and also very high.
It's very high.
It might not like it.
It's a quiet taste.
Okay well it's been years since I've gone on.
And in Monty Python the meaning of life with Mr. Creos of the big fat guy trying to please go to the hair is very high.
Right.
I guess when I saw those I was a little younger.
So you've shown.
Yes.
I'm going to hang this duck out until it gets nice and high.
It just it goes right over all of our heads even even me for the longest time.
But that's that's what that means.
Rodding meat they would put the meat the raw meat into these jars and let it rot.
And they thought they thought bacteria is just good.
See don't don't smell the bug spray.
Don't smell the bug spray because the bug spray you know that doesn't know if you're a human or a cock a roach.
So it's bad for you but bacteria is good.
They didn't believe in cleaning and the woman speaking of shaving this is what reminded me of all that.
The woman had never shaved ever.
And as gross as it was to see them reach into the jar of the rotting meat.
I think I was more grossed out by this woman lift in her.
You saw it.
Who were talking about it?
You lifted her arm up.
Oh that one yes.
And and and there it was.
And her legs she would have gone through.
I don't know how many razors it would have taken for her her her legs were woolly she looked like a sass squad.
She looked like a yedi.
And after one meal at the restaurant and a shower and a little bit of soap all of a sudden she looked good her hair looked good.
This whole family the whole family of raw meat eating people they had bags under the rise they had the red rimed eyes.
Their gums looked like they were on the verge of bleeding they all looked anemic.
They all were spotty like they had zits and blemishes and spots everywhere.
And they're trying to convince everybody oh no this is a healthy lifestyle.
And when the doctor is telling the husband that no it's not really that what studies what studies are your friends what studies have been done.
It's like well the study of common sense.
The study that that that meat smells really good when it's cooking that it's activating you know receptors in our brain making us know that hey now is the time to eat it because you can smell it and so you know it's smell it cooking and it's really good.
The study that that cooking meat makes it more tender and easier to digest that study how about that if you tried that but you know they're all kinds.
I had a lot though and the kids were having the stomach aches the next day after having the first time real food.
Yeah you know and well what you were so melodramatic they were so playing it up QIM hello QIM hello.
George.
Yeah.
Hey bro is this OPEC 560?
It is OPEC 560 I had no idea.
OPEC account.
By the way some of the modern is running the board today what?
I jumped in the car 20 minutes ago I heard you reading the letter out loud.
And just the end part what happened with that retard Gilbert?
Nothing he wrote a letter it's a bunch of rambling nonsense about Neil Rogers promised him this and promised to take him to Riggly Field to sing take me out to the volume with Harry Carey Gilbert is loaded he can go to Riggly Field right now he could buy freaking Riggly Field.
Put that to me husband.
Put that thing on the website so we can see it.
You know I should scan this and put it in.
I'm going to put it on the website and I'll read it tonight buddy.
We'll be working on a good luck deciphering it.
I don't know I don't know whose words him or Ron what do you need a secret agent?
Decoater ring Ron yeah by QA M hello hello I'm just gonna relate for breaks all the sourcress all right hey.
Hey George was that.
Any horrible harm comes to kill QA M hello.
Hey what's worse hey how you doing George fine what's worse what's worse having to listen to some of you out of the country and nonsense and talk about politics.
Oh gee I don't know is that a shot?
No it's not shot.
What QA M hello.
Hey George you were you were right Jane Rayver never had them.
I never didn't have them.
He was happy to know he didn't.
So that's all we're going to get his cranks all day long beautiful 17 til two all crank ready of 560 QAM.
Incredible.
New from the makers of anorexic Mary Kate and alcoholic Lindsey comes the newest celebrity doll for your little girl to play with.
It's bald Britonies that's right the latest celebrity to wig out Britney Spears is now in doll form.
Complete with a full head of hair but not for long the bald Britney kid comes with its own little clipper set.
So your little girl can stay in Britney's head just like Britney Spears.
There's also a cute little set of tattoos you're gonna fix anywhere on Britney's bare body and for a limited time.
We'll include two baby boy dolls and a little court order taking them away from your bald Britney.
Plus as an added bonus pull a string on Britney's cell phone and you'll hear an MP3 of Kevin Frederline and Justin Jimbo Lake right in the stare of the admirer.
The bald Britney doll available now at a tattoo parlor near you by the way in case you haven't noticed we got nothing but bald Britney bits for the rest of the hour.
Well we just got a whole new batch rhymes with catch.
I'm surprised that you shocked me the other day you said dusty roads in a wrestling context.
I didn't think you were that old I mean you looked at old but I know that you're not.
I'm taking a lot of shots like Chris it's because you deserve it.
He did do a comeback see that's that's from my day when former stepfather used to take me to the wrestling matches over at the Miami Beach Convention Center.
Not that we wouldn't watch them on TV too.
And in those days I thought two things about the pro wrestling scene I thought it was real and I thought it was entertaining.
Well when I saw Lex Luger fight at either Kibis Gain or someplace like that and I saw him slash his forehead to get the black.
I knew it wasn't all that.
I was a kid I was stupid I was naive and you know I wanted to disbelieve it and I was saying stuff like you know to the old man to the you know Woody his name was when he was alive.
I said I'm not so sure this is real.
Oh yeah, what are you talking about you stupid punk?
Turns out that he was wrong about almost everything but dusty roads with a biannic elbow boy that takes me back.
This audience is big all over that that was a big scene down here the wrestling that old old time wrestling.
What's that dusty roads and haystacks cattle hoon and blackjack mulligan and the the Laduke brothers we've we've had wonderful show well depends on who you ask I guess.
About reminiscing about the old days see Neil's not the only one that can reminisce about the old days.
The good old fun pro wrestling stuff and Andre the giant.
I never did see the I was never at the match and I don't even know where that was where Hulk Hogan because he talks about it I watched the whole show.
When he had to fight Andre the giant he did he picked up Andre the giant and and body slammed it.
I don't know if I saw it if I just heard about it but yeah that was an amazing stuff.
Of course Hulk is a big guy himself so it's not like it would be the same as like say me picking you up.
I know.
Hey you'd be surprised what kind of a hernia I could blow out doing this something like that QA M hello.
QA M hello. Hello.
560 W QAM Florida's first radio station what can we do for you?
Yeah they used to be Gordon solely wrestling.
That's right. Channel's big.
Blackjack mulligan triple hay.
That was blackjack mulligan when he was a bad guy.
Yeah that was good wrestling.
Yeah it was.
Back when the micro style.
Now was it good or is it just because you know we're old and we remember it?
Yeah we're too old.
I mean the stuff that's the only thing that's good about it anymore is all the trash talking in between the fights.
That's about the only thing that's good.
Kind of like in those days too.
Yeah nobody compares to like guy like Rick Flair and Hulk Hogan.
Woo!
Rick Flair!
Woo!
That's a good easy one.
Alright those were fun times QA M hello.
Hey George Horia.
Fine how are you?
Man you're talking about the old wrestling.
I'm from New York.
I used to go to Massachusetts Grand Fag with my father.
I'm 43 when I was a kid.
I remember blackjack mulligan madam and the blackjack lanza they were the brothers.
I don't remember.
There was a whole family.
Who were the brothers?
They were the whole family of them.
Oh I knew the blackjack brothers and they were mulligan and lanza and they were black leather best.
Yeah.
Then you remember keep J Strongball?
Oh yeah.
And Haystacks.
Now I saw Haystacks fight live and the Laduk brothers.
Never saw Andre fight live unfortunately.
Dusty Rhodes all the time.
Dusty practically lived down here.
Yeah.
I remember Andre I'm not Andre the entire time.
I remember Dusty Rhodes with the figure four.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
We would do that in the playground.
I was never going to figure four on you.
I was never going to figure four on you.
Yeah.
It worked technically but the problem with actually doing it is the other person had to really be cooperative.
There was no way to do that in any sort of a real fight.
It was a real like a two man operations.
All right now you put your leg here.
All right now I'm going to put my leg over here and twist.
It was like a twister.
Exactly.
It was like a twister.
No I remember I remember when I was like 20 animals.
You know that guy?
Or you can't.
Yeah.
You can't choose the third one.
Oh I remember the Mongolian stomper too.
Remember him?
Yeah.
That's uh you know it was always fun to hate the Arabs or people like that.
I remember the iron sheep.
Yeah the iron sheep but then before him we had the Mongolian stomper.
I guess he was in an era.
I don't think he was Mongolian.
He wasn't even Chinese.
Now the iron sheep I remember he was pardoned up with the watch.
Mm hmm.
Was it a lot of people?
No.
That's right.
Iron sheep yeah.
Yeah they're them two.
They were like a little.
No.
Which one had the brain claw?
I think the Mongolian stomper also had the brain claw attack.
Somebody will know.
Let me take you.
We got all these lines loaded up.
Q-A-M who had the brain claw?
Q-A-M who had the brain claw?
George.
Yeah.
You can't talk about old wrestling without buddy Coke.
Hito Maksudo.
That's right.
Song.
Mary and Dorifong.
That's it's the funk brother.
That's who I was thinking of.
There you go, Jordan.
I saw them fight.
That was really good.
And my favorite story is running into Blackjack Mulligan's naval.
I was running to the bathroom.
I was 12 years old running to the bathroom at the Miami Beach Convention Center.
I turned a corner and ran just full force into somebody.
And when I backed up I realized that my face was flat up against this guy's hairy naval.
And I backed up and I looked and here was nothing in front of me but a...
but this guy in Speedos.
And I didn't know who was.
I mean there was a giant towering guy with just a pair of Speedos right in front of me.
And I looked down and I saw cowboy boots with silver horses on him and I thought,
oh no, oh no, and I looked up and there was the big mustache and it was Blackjack Mulligan.
And he looked down on me like a pomeranian had just run into him or something like that.
And I was just standing there shaking and he just walked around me like I didn't even exist.
And I'm sitting there.
Did I tell you I was on the way to the bathroom?
Yeah, almost didn't make it.
6-2 on 5-60 QAM.
Summer wondering if Britney Spears crying out for help.
Or if she simply trying out a new hairdo.
Whatever the reason, here's Tyler Stirlis, that's her Tognazi of Esther's hair studio.
Try to stop her.
Because she sat in my chair and wanted her hair shaved off.
Every head you shave.
And I said, I'm not doing it.
Every drink you take.
Every coffee break.
Every chocolate cake we're all watching you.
She said, no, I really want my hair shaved up.
Now, where you going, Grave?
Do you want to do things?
And I tried to talk her out of it.
Or, indeed, so great.
Look like G.I.J.
We're all watching.
And I said, maybe you're having a hormonal moment.
My, me.
You have the head, rest of the, please.
You've got your legs away.
Don't all of you hate.
Now you're weak in your state.
And K.F. is looking great.
He's saying, I'll take white and so great.
We're all watching you.
We're all watching.
Every head you shave.
Every drink you take.
Every coffee break.
Every chocolate cake we're all watching you.
We're all watching.
We're all watching.
We're all watching.
We tend to consume these flavories
until there's nothing left of them.
Perhaps she resonates with this fact also
and is saying, look, this is a dramatic symbol
that I don't want to be touched.
Yes, Faxor.
I remember this leap of hold.
