Did I hear Prime News? Congress convenes congressional hearings on gun control.
NRA warns legislators not to do anything stupid and no one will get hers.
Get all the shocking details on tonight's Prime News.
All right.
Here's a brand new game all the kids are learning to play now.
In every big city across the US of A Now.
It's called Picture Seltzen Hardware and blow the other fellow away now.
They've all got guns, guns, guns, guns.
Out there on the streets today.
They've got guns, out there on the streets today.
They've got a music she prodded at the show in town.
Out there on the streets today.
Billy Brothers 1, 2, 3, 8 Special to sound now.
They can tear us a picture and show them up before the bell.
Now, before the day of that gun, guns, guns.
Out there on the streets today.
They've got guns, out there on the streets today.
All the boys and girls you can make like a dream for a night.
They've got a dream to make.
These are the first few hundred black nests and they've got to tear you away.
They've got a caravan way.
So what a town you can't dream.
You can still join the NRA night.
They've got guns, guns, guns.
They can all blow each other away.
They've got guns, guns, guns.
They've got guns, guns, guns.
Out there on the streets today.
They've got guns, out there.
I wonder what Charles Chancelet said tonight.
He's not dead yet, is he?
No.
Damn it, he was son of a bitch.
Yeah.
I wonder what old Charlie with a Spandex pants thinks about it.
That's my favorite scene in bowling for Colabiners.
I've only said that.
How many million times?
About 30, man.
But you liked it too.
Yeah, it was fun.
When he went modeling off there after Michael Moore, really, he just caught him with his pantalumi
with his spandex pantalumi down there.
It was no parting the red sea, but it was still pretty good.
When he whipped up the red sea,
he felt that NRA card.
Finally, padded him on the hand.
Good boy.
Good boy.
Let's go kill somebody.
All right.
Hey, that's American Ray, maybe an ain't going to change.
An ain't going to change.
There's going to be all kinds of pontificating.
Even the pontiff is probably going to pontificating.
Most important story, though, before we get to that.
And you do realize, I hate to say this, but you do realize it's just another story now.
Yeah.
You don't understand this.
It's like an inculcative.
And it's like, uh, an inculcative.
And it's like, uh, an inculcative.
And it's like, uh, all of these, uh,
Barnard, these things.
It's the Rotesque story, do you know?
Because the public has been desensitized by Rotesque and unacceptable behavior.
And I love the way they're saying all the condolences are coming in from around the world.
Around the world, what they're really saying is,
there go those barbaric Americans again with their crazy guns shooting the hell out of each other.
That's what they're saying.
But nevertheless, those barbarians here in the barbarians are like that.
Remember that cone in in the barbarians?
Mm-hmm.
So it's twice.
Cape Coral.
Here's an important story that I think you can relate to, especially with the occurence in our game,
the contestional grief.
A woman arrested for a shoplifting is blamed the crime on irritable bowel syndrome authorities say.
Right.
Correct them.
For a shoplifting, I'm going to start using that as an excuse.
I'm going to go out and pick me up.
Sounds good.
Great.
Yeah.
What was she doing some emotium?
Well, can we get to that?
Right.
Or it doesn't really say what she's doing.
Helen Gallows, 61 of Clearwater, was arrested Sunday after allegedly shoplifting from a Cape
Coral grocery store.
Well, you know, you've got to get them right groceries, if you've got IBS, maybe she's getting
some beans, some dinty more beans and stew and oats.
For some beans, no.
Talk about food for goyem.
That would be a good poll to take some day.
What food is the most for goyem?
All right.
I think pork and beans.
I don't know that juicy pork and beans.
The Daily Reads of Cape Coral reports Gallo reportedly a total of 30s that she couldn't
wait in line, or although as we say in South Florida online, she couldn't wait online because
she has irritable bowel syndrome, record of the newspaper.
I guess what that means is that nature was calling.
You can relate to that.
Yes, I can.
And so can I, at my advanced stage, Gallo was charged with petty larceny and there it is
again, PETIT, petty larceny.
Up until I started reading this stupid crap on the year, 100 years ago, it's not a thing
that you usually see in print.
Petite larceny.
Are you pardon?
Petite larceny.
Petite.
Yeah, Petite.
Tiny little larceny.
Right.
More French crap.
If we didn't get it from the brits we got it from the frogs, maybe that's the problem
with America right there.
Plus guns and the crazy people like George Bush.
Gallo was charged with petty larceny released Sunday from the Lee County jail and $500
bond.
She did not answer telephone call placed by the AP to her home.
It was known as she had an attorney.
She was shoplifting in the grocery store because she had irritable bowel syndrome and she couldn't
wait online.
So she grabbed the goods and off she went.
I can't blame the bitch.
You don't have an EIBS for a long time.
It's not good.
It makes it irritable.
Although I haven't really had the real bad stuff lately.
Oh, and I did mention yesterday and I got sidetracked that I found two restaurants.
Well, not that I found them because I've been eating there for a long time.
But there are two edible restaurants in Amsterdam.
Two restaurants where the food is edible.
Although you need the restaurants if you like.
Most of the places there you'd be better knowing on the wood than eating the food.
Oh my god.
Oh, that Dutch cuisine man.
That pea soup.
That green pea soup even lend a Blair won't go there.
Can I tell you what the restaurants are?
Sure.
I mean, who knows?
I'm not talking about for your benefit for any of our...
I mean, it's that time of the year.
It's the 17th of April.
A lot of people are going on vacation.
Right now is a good time to be planning vacations like my next day to turn to Amsterdam.
Oh, brother.
Now, there's Zach who held off the government.
Zach's a good-looking young man.
There's Virginia Tech.
Not that it makes any difference, of course, whether people are good looking or not.
But, you know, we'd much rather look at the ones who look fairly good.
I'm not saying he's real good looking, but he's doable.
Now, that was a terrible thing to say, wasn't it?
I'm a scientist with him and said that.
He wouldn't have said that kid there is doable.
I would not have known if he hadn't.
Well, no, no, no.
How about doable and doable?
All right.
What was I just saying?
Oh, the first one is de Marquis.
Now, I know everyone hot and cold on de Marquis.
He's just like Amsterdam itself, you know?
It's like anywhere you go.
If you have a great time, you say, oh, man, what a great place that is.
If you have a crappy time or you get sick there or something like that or you get picked
pocketed, then you say, oh, that's a horrible place.
Don't go there.
De Marquis's on the dam rack.
That's got a certain alliteration to it, doesn't it?
De Marquis's on the dam rack.
It's not too bad.
And they can't make up their mind what they want to be because they've been sold
about 4,000 times in line, since I've been going there.
Do you know I haven't gone to Amsterdam for 20 years?
Well, I haven't gone to Europe for 20 years.
First trip I made to Europe in 1987, I went to Rome, Copenhagen, and Amsterdam.
And you know what kind of time I had?
Yeah, that's it.
Anyway, and the other one is, I don't know what the name of it is.
It's a Mandarin restaurant.
It's south of the dam rack.
It's on the other side of Dam Square.
The southern extension of the dam rack, which is like the main tourist street, is called
Rokin.
You know what that means in Dutch?
It means Rokin.
Oh, Rokin.
Huh.
Literally, like for your sea science, it's going to say, like in the airport, neat or
Rokin, which means no smoking.
Rokin.
And you have to roll the Rs. and you, you, you, you, Holios man, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh,
Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh, Ruh,
Roll it.
Roll up the rim to win.
And worry about it.
But hey, what's a Mandarin Chinese restaurant?
You go upstairs.
And it's right there.
It's right there.
I guess next time I go, I should figure out the name but as other than that, don't eat
there.
Just go to Mickey D's and don't go to KFC.
Wow.
You think you got intestinal problems with that brought over there in a West Coast?
Wow, wow, wow.
They have some kind of extra special thing they put in the chicken at KFC and emptied
him.
Or by the time they found them.
And they got burgur King.
There's exactly the same.
That's one thing I would end up with pizza hot.
One thing I will say about fast food joints, and I can't say too much about them, but
that is the consistency.
McDonald's in Amsterdam or in Rome.
If you go to Rome and eat McDonald's, you need to be shot.
But once I did, moment of stupidity.
Just like a snack, three triple cheeseburgers, something like that.
But it's exactly the same no matter where in the world you eat that stuff.
And in Amsterdam, Mickey D sometimes is a very pleasant, refreshing change from the
swill that they professed his food at most of the restaurant.
So there's a little travel tip for a North to charge.
Here's the pool from yesterday.
And boy, am I proud of myself that we didn't, we're not doing this anymore.
I hate this pool.
Is Miguel aware of that?
Are you aware of that, sir?
No.
Now where's Chris and Josh being out today?
What's that all about?
Not sure.
Chris said something.
I mean, Chris said, hey, I'm going to be gone tomorrow and then blah, blah.
And then I stopped paying attention because I didn't care.
And then I forget why Josh isn't here.
He'd be fine.
He's probably going to have day from all these guys in the office.
I'm going to be able to ask for, I'll tell you.
For a guy that's as marginal looking as Josh and he really is, he's sure gotten a lot
of attention while putting it in this show.
Some product in his hair.
It'd look way better.
Some product?
Yeah.
Some dippity-do.
Oh, I tell you we're talking about product in his laptop.
Assuming there is a God and considering that God created everything both the good, like
low, blue skies, puppies and kittens.
Oh, kittens.
I mean, we were doing so well when we got to puppies and then kittens fell.
Or kittens can be cute.
There's a lot of fun to grow up there.
And the bad, death disease destruction and of course guns.
We're after that man invented guns, but God knew he was going to do it.
What overall grade would he give God?
I've got a B plus on the show yesterday.
Thank you, professor.
B plus, that's not bad.
The first day back onto the box goes to show you, even in my advanced age, I still haven't
lost it.
And I'm not scratchy anymore today.
No, you're not.
So I think I got over whatever disease I picked up and I'm stood up.
I didn't pick up no disease.
I did not.
I'm not unclean.
Sorry.
I didn't bring back Noah bad nothing.
In fact, I'm ready to go back right now.
Oh God, if you knew.
Here's the poll result.
For the last time, I hate this poll wins.
259.
The last chance wherever putting that on there, I hate this poll.
Because we just tired of you people with your negotory attitude.
21%.
God gets a C from 243 years and F as in 235, 235.
It was all pretty close.
AC and F.
A, 227.
That's only if God is Canadian, A.
I wonder if God is Canadian.
D 149 and B, 120.
How do you like that?
I've got a B plus and God's a B, only 120.
1233 vote.
Well, I guess what are we going to be talking about today, huh?
All day.
I hope not all day.
Oh, and I got a good article you're like after I'm Mrs. Rush Limbaugh next, conservative
here, the return of the fairness doctor.
And you like that story.
Good.
Give us a little bit of hope.
There's not much hope.
And I got a great column by Gorovidal.
Oh, that's too bad we got Miguel here today because I got a little bit of reading to do.
Not too much though.
I should have held the opportunity.
I should have held the opportunity.
I'm not a bedtime story.
You still love the show, I'm not sure.
I corrupt.
You still love the show.
Yes.
See how quietly he said that?
He doesn't want to admit it.
Really?
No, you don't love the show.
You just love me.
That's what it is.
Oh, it's PD Lenny stopped by before the show.
Today's back in our sales department.
You notice how I was ignoring him as much as I possibly couldn't.
He didn't pay any attention.
That's what I took a picture just to see the sales people are.
The current incarnation.
What?
The current incarnation of PD.
He was wearing a carnation or the reincarnation.
That could have helped.
Is this the reincarnation of Peter Proud?
That's a pretty good movie.
That was not bad.
With Michael Serison and what's your name?
That you like so much.
What's your name, Jennifer?
I don't know.
Oh, come on.
Flowers?
Oh, Neil.
Jennifer O'Neill, I believe.
I don't know.
The reincarnation of Peter Proud.
Peter Proud.
But I saw it.
It was a tennis player, remember that?
No.
Now, let's see if we make the thousands of these without I hate this pool.
That's going to be the real test is that we got you.
So what do you rather have?
Seal test or real test?
Boy, people who eat seal test ice cream.
That's also for glam.
That even exists anymore?
I don't know.
I sure as hell, I hope that.
Peter's Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Honey, I'm home.
I'm up here.
Do you are just in the bedroom?
Oh, dear.
Another dusting accident.
And another stray bullet in the bedroom ceiling.
Yes, during these days of violent crime.
A handgun is a useful item for your bedside table.
But what a dust catcher.
All that oil and fuzz makes you look like America's funniest housekeeper.
Can't someone do something?
American handicrafts has the answer with our beautiful quilted gun cozy.
We brought in homeless grandmothers from around the country who thought they could get
my own social security.
They work at minimum wages, knitting these charming gun covers.
Their beautiful cross stitching spells out messages like guns.
We've gun.
God bless our gun.
Home is where the gun is.
And I heart my gun.
My gun cozy says mom is little helper.
And mine says wake my old lady.
She knows where all the money is.
Yes, when a burglar breaks into your home on a cold dark night, there's nothing more
comforting than reaching for a nice warm gun.
The gun cozy from American handicrafts.
I think instead of doing a show today, we ought to go out and do America's number one hobby.
Kill some people.
There you go.
Even he knew I had to go.
Let's start with him when you say, oh, that sounds like a threat to me.
We're going to get that Neil fired now.
It's written Kill some people.
Yeah.
It's a 1018 at 5.
60 WDQAM station.
It used to be on top of the market, man.
We used to kick ass here once upon a time in America.
And so, well, once upon a time in South America, what do we got today?
We got mad dog at two power hour with mad dog and Hank at four.
And Hank gave the revolutionary news yesterday to Keith Olderman.
Went to the management and said, I'm sorry to be fired.
Didn't we mention that about 50 times on our show?
I mentioned it last week.
Yeah.
And George even mentioned last week.
Well, I just rehashed yesterday what you did last week.
More or less.
More or less.
Probably better, but never.
Oh, I'm sure.
Humber between five and seven.
And by the way, don't you start picking up my good friends now from Florida?
That's not good.
Especially the one that, you know, just left here.
They're gone, by the way.
All my friends who are on the trip, all two of them are gone.
And the one who was here, he's still here.
He's working.
I just read your information since you want to keep track of all of this.
Right.
Yeah, don't.
All right.
Since Miguel is in there, Miguel has been there since I wouldn't say since day one.
How long have you been there, about eight years?
Actually, yeah, a year.
Well, I like that.
See what a memory.
Well, the reason I know that is because you replaced an FU, right?
Yes.
And at any rate, some like, you know, he's, you know, he's seen him come and go.
He knows what's going around.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to take care of George and chicken neck and I will.
Or your sword.
What?
Your sword.
I am.
What I'm going to do instead of just like having like, I don't want to go into it on
the hurricane.
That's not a good idea.
Well, no, because I don't want to give anybody a, it's not a good idea.
That's what started all of this.
Before I like Jacob business, why was my business okay?
I don't know.
And then anybody else's business.
And then I had to go through that long stupid emotional business about, oh, I'm going
to put Jacob, you know what?
Jacob, you can stick it with a moon down shine.
Okay.
If you can find it with both hands.
Right.
Yeah, that's where you can stick it.
Jacob.
Never Jacob Marley.
Who's partner was he?
Ebenezer's screwed.
Well, screw it.
Right.
What do I know that name boy?
You're good.
What?
Those Christmas carols.
I didn't think you gave a crash stuff, man.
I'm a Jewish spy.
I spy on all the go-in.
Hank Goldberg, five to seven to seven with his eight million pounds of fat.
And don't get me started picking on the hubber again.
Okay.
He can't help but that he's fat.
I know all about being fat.
Not good.
Gain night with Eddie Kay at seven o'clock tonight.
What is that all about?
Before and after the Marlin game.
Well, who the hell wants to hang around?
So I'm sure he's not going to hit the lock to the strip club while the game is on.
Because who that wants to sit around in there during the entire Marlin game.
Even if he came up with that.
Hey.
No way.
Well, he sit there during the entire game.
Absolutely.
He came up with that.
Absolutely.
Why?
That's what he does.
Gain night with Eddie Kay at seven Marlins on deck at seven thirty.
The Marlins at the Astros 805.
Is Craig Bidjo still playing or did he retire finally?
I think he retired.
You think he just made that up?
No, I really do think he's I can Google it right now.
Google it right now and see if Craig read your boy.
He sure even even last time I saw him play.
He still looked pretty good.
And then when he started talking all those years that he played.
I thought he was like a Southern Yehu kind of kid.
And then he's from Brooklyn.
He talked with a Brooklyn accent like some kind of a I don't know.
And then Gain night with Eddie Kay again after the game from 11 to 11.
And then he went to one of the more and still won a game ends to one of the more.
So Eddie Kay, he got dumped.
We brought him back by time.
He's on more now than he was before.
And that's the way we do it at QAM just like Ray Perry.
Didn't they dump his ass when they fired Greg?
Yeah.
And of course they brought Greg back too over there.
Everybody gets canned sooner or later at QAM and then they all come back like Gary Sarner
and like Scrooan and like Ray Perry.
Who else?
PD Lenny.
He didn't get fired.
No, I don't think he did.
He went to work for Cox Broadcasting.
And let me tell you of all the horse ball broadcast industry.
I mean there's so many bad companies.
But I'm going to tell you Cox Broadcasting one of the words.
That's my opinion.
I'm like this.
Absolutely.
We work there at W.I.D. for those bastards.
And then little Bob Neal gets up there to announce to the staff.
We have an emergency staff meeting that they sold the station to Buddy Bud Paxon.
Well, we tried to make money with it as much as we can.
Now we'll let somebody else try it.
And you know the interesting part of it is that Paxon, they know how to sell.
A little spots on that station.
Remember that?
No.
The log was loaded.
I know it was one time ago.
Our log is loaded.
He's waiting by the way.
Wait till he starts selling that 0.8 in the morning show from last month at 0.8.
That will be a challenge.
I said, I imagine that'll be a challenge.
Duff ran out of their enthusiasm when I mentioned that 0.8.
But it's only one month, you know.
All right.
I'm trying to postpone the inevitable here as much as I can because once I get started
on this and you know, even my own reaction to the attack, I said yesterday I've
known for about for a long time, at least 20, 30 seconds.
And I really, oh, here's a good call by the way.
Q.I.M.
And I thought to myself, how come you didn't get like more, I didn't even
pay that much attention to it anymore because it's the American F and way.
It's just another horrible story of some nut job.
You know, we get a bunch of guns and he gets pissed off about something.
And that's the way we, you know, that's kind of anger management, conflict resolution.
The American F and way.
Naturally we do it.
Got and kill a bunch of people, even people that have nothing to do with why you're
pissed off in the first place.
But just, you know, police identified the gunman who killed 32 people and then himself
on the project, Virginia Tech campus as student, Cho Sun Hui.
University police chief, Wendell Flincham said today.
I, the only reason I mentioned his name again is because it's just so bizarre.
It fits right in with the whole ambiance of the story.
Wendell Flincham.
And what a tremendous job the university did and the police department did
and handling that.
Did they not, not pathetic?
Well, they finally did send out some emails after while.
Check your emails.
That's always a good idea.
Check your emails, boys and girls.
Hope you have a blackberry.
That's right.
See, you're always making fun of me and my crackberry.
Maybe I got it right here.
I got it right here.
No messages on there right at the moment, but that's okay.
The 23-year-old South Korean and resident alien lived at the university's Harper Hall,
Flincham said he was an English major that chief said.
How so?
English major.
Oh, you know something?
Wait a minute.
Now, I'm not, obviously it's a grotesque story.
And I'd be the last, we just have this one bit though.
To take off and enroll.
Golden Panda Dragon Paris.
I'd like to order a massive heart attack.
Okay, a rage, order, general South Chicago.
Can I also get a couple of clogged arteries?
Okay, to agro, what else?
Can I get a side order of hypertension?
One order fried.
That bring more?
Yeah, and I'd like some intestinal discomfort.
Okay, order to be fried out.
And how long before all this food kills me?
About 15 minutes.
I didn't say it was good.
I just said it was to take off on it, although we're doing Chinese and we're over the phone.
Flintham said ballistic test showed that one of the two guns recovered at Norris Hall
where 30 people and the gunmen died was used in the Norris shooting and an earlier shooting
at the dormitory they left to dead.
The university in place are still in the process of releasing the names of the 32 people
killed in the shootings yesterday.
A little bit slow, I guess, on the other day.
A doctorate at Blacksford Hospital described the injuries he saw yesterday as amazing
and the shooter as brutal.
There wasn't a shooting victim that didn't have less than three bullet wounds in them.
And said, Dr. Joseph Kuchyapo of Montgomery Regional Hospital.
Even among the last serious injuries, Kuchyapo said we saw one patient at a bullet wound of the wrist,
one of the elbow and one of the thigh.
We had another one with a bullet wound of the abdomen, one of the chest and one of the head.
A law enforcement source close to the investigation said a 22-hect caliber handgun and a millimeter
handgun recovered at the scene.
Handguns, baby, everybody should have a whole bunch of it.
Get pissed off.
Close somebody away just like that one bit we got, which I have to play a hundred times.
The days for a shooting at the West Ambrer Johnson dormitory, which houses 895 students
occurred around 715 years to day morning.
At the time of the later shootings in the Resolve, please for investigating a person of interest
in the dormitory shooting, Slinchum said.
Or else you'll love that expression, a person of interest.
During the Tuesday news conference, Slinchum said the person of interest was an acquaintance
of a woman killed at the dorm.
They defended the university response to the dorm shooting, saying,
please believe it's to be domestic fight, perhaps a murder of suicide that was contained
in one dorm room.
And they said, they don't worry.
No problem.
No worries.
And not a thing like that.
All of a sudden, he's over there at Norris Hall, blowing people away like, like,
tossing moths of balls against the wall.
Just to say, but again, like I said, America is just used to these things.
Start it with column, see I remember when column by and half of them, I remember that
day.
And I remember thinking to myself, how come people aren't like jumping off tall buildings
and getting hysterical about this?
Why do they, why are Americans so complacent about crap like this?
You can't accept this.
It just isn't, it's just not acceptable.
This is not the way civilized people live.
It's crazy people running around getting pissed off, going to school, and blowing people
away.
Oh, well they were picked on is, oh gee, if I get picked up, I'm going to start telling
you lots of people.
That's right.
So what's up?
Thank you people in the audience that have been bugging the hell out of us for 31 years.
I'm coming after your ass at 2 30 this afternoon.
I can get down to about a half an hour.
Ferries can fly baby, I can flap my wings like a hummingbird.
Pinch them in the leg.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Ripeball Association.
Let's face, most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual with every problem there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the sh** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
All the convenience store.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution of life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing of the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a popular one.
Otherwise you console them.
Yes, handgum.
They just might make your face.
Drop off of my dander and documented the themselves modally.
Listen to me again, my friend.
Now let's break while you meet into last-month Russian traditional punch.
Step by step and pepper it out.
It's fine if my friend knows.
Only you can have it!
Life will be sweeter when you catch your heater
Carry a license to be deadly
Come on and join today
It's the American way to be a member of the NRA
Aim for the beat
Aim for the chest
And always aim for the head
In case they're well, it's not best
Sharp in your skills
And feel more fun
And be there to defend your right
You hold us from
Come on and join today
And you'll be proud to say
You're a member of the NRA
Okay, 6 February 69 of Oats on a pool today without any
I hate this pool on there
Yeah, we got a shot of it
What do you think?
Nice
You don't care, I forgot
Oh, that's right
You just refuse to care
Right
Let me just tell you about refusing to care
If my friend Ricky is out there listening this morning
I sure hope he is
Just that I'll take any crap from any psychotic bitch
That's my best advice
Okay
Don't waste one second of your life
Especially when you're a young man
Better to find out early
Better to find out in the very early stages
That whoever it is that you're all
Hot and bothered about is some psychotic crazed bitch
And just run the other direction just kiss the ground
Kiss everything inside
Man, kiss the table, kiss the ceiling
Kiss the wall, kiss the turret
That you will find out in the beginning
Rather than later down the road
Just ask George, he'll tell you
A lot
Yeah, over and over again
Here you go Ricky
Just consider for what it is
A little bit advice from this old fact
660, well he had a bad experience
You know, Ricky, I realized
I realized that whole thing about bad experiences
We've got for guys with females, you know what's unusual
But does he have kids?
I couldn't say I don't have to worry about that
Now that mom's in the ground
Does he have kids?
Does who have kids?
Ricky
No, well then he's free
He is free
Fly, be free
Thank your lucky stars
That's right, kiss the ground man
That's right, it looks bad right now
But boy, when you look back and record your respect
You'll say thank the Lord, thank
I didn't get involved with that piece of crap
Anyway, here's the poll today
Something I claim to hate
But secretly enjoy is
masturbation seems to be winning 148 votes
Hands down, ain't no secret
The Jerry Springer Show 102
I wonder about people who
masturbate while watching the Jerry Springer Show
Now that would be something that
And with the Carpenters' music in the background
Jerry Springer and the Carpenters are almost neck and neck
And the two say the Jerry Springer Show
100 say the Carpenters
I bet you care, Karen wants that damn show on CNN over the weekend
That Dr. Pupta, Sanjay Pupta, you know
That Imjin guy?
He didn't see it right?
No, what?
About long life and about this whole longevity thing
And about taking supplements and about these operations
They're doing and the research they're doing
And they keep saying if you want to live long
Longer, eat less
Right, look at that
You can go ahead and play that
Didn't work for Karen to well
In fact, she ain't even that one
Didn't work out too well
To eat, we've only just begun to eat
To manja manja baby
Yeah
What a shame
She was so sweet
Warm and soothing
Warm and soothing and very manly
To his matter of fact, he had a very manly voice
For all we know
Anyway, the carpet is out of the carpet
It doesn't bother me
For all we know, there it is
I just got through CNN
Love look at the G.O.
Isn't that how it starts out?
It looks like he eat it
Look at the 15
He nailed it again
Look at the two of us
Nioh, of course, you know, she don't move too fast anymore
So it's easy to nail Karen
Okay, anyway, masturbation 150
The carpet is 102
Jerry Springer show 102
It's the flat-footed tie right now
And there's another stupid expression
A flat-footed tie
What does that mean?
I don't know, somebody said
Kneels pull 65
Secretly into where my pull
Fidilla ice cream 63
Something I'm sorry
If I live to be 3000, I just don't understand it
And then if I live to be 3000, you won't get nothing for my will
I think all week long we ought to talk about that about Nioh's will
Okay
I love that bit, everybody loves that bit
Nice going chicken knife
And you're right, I'm going to throw a little something there for him too
He's going to need that
Some oxygen, you know, those tubes don't come cheap
Those what?
Tube, yeah
Vanilla ice cream 63
Homosexuality 60
Wow, I don't claim to hate it
And I don't secretly enjoy it, I enjoy it
Any time I can get it
Country music 58
Rap music 24, but that's way down there, rap music
I wouldn't admit that in public who I was you, especially nowadays
It's not acceptable to admit to be like a rap crap in public
The Nioh Roger show 22
They claim to hate it but they secretly enjoy it
Unless you have a lot more, you're lying man
You people, if I'm dying, you're lying
Religion 16
I claim to hate it, but I say
Secretly enjoy it, what does that mean?
They could have church in this guy
They're rubbing their rosary beads a lot
Or something, of course I can't say where they got their rosary beads hanging
But you can use your imagination, hang down your head Tom Dooly
Republicans 10
Oh, I really enjoy them, yeah
And Democrats on the list, they're so meant to say
It's 678
Well, I don't know, let's see, we get the 7 something by the top of the store
I'm trying to figure whether we're going to go to $1,000
I hate this pool free day ever
Well, I won't say ever
When we start doing that stupid, then when did I start doing that?
I don't want to lump you in there, what's my doing?
Do you hate this pool idea?
Yeah, I don't know
Maybe Eric can research it
That would take a lot of research because they have to go back
Through all, yeah, I'm sure he's got a search engine, then he can do it
He's got a search engine
Or is that search engine?
Search engine
683, I think we got a shot of the thousands
This audience will come through for us, especially now that we got rid of those negative three people
I hate this pool, I hate it, no matter what you say, I hate it
Yeah, we hate you, okay, in fact, like I said before, South Florida could be a wonderful place
All it needs is one thing, a people transplant
That's all it needs
And then the president is going to be there at Virginia Tech at Blacksburg today
Isn't that wonderful?
Well, you know, they pocket people of the NRA
One of the worst gun-totten lunatics, gun-loving pieces of turd, that they say
Oh, we'll have an office in the White House right next to the president
Ha, ha, ha, ha, like that, you know
He's going to show up there today
For another photo opportunity
To tell everybody how depressed and sad he is about all those dead young people
Just like the 3300 dead young people in Iraq, Americans
Court
Judge Lawrence Cordo, presiding
You've been sworn in, I've read your statements, and done two bingers of the kind
Played a dude, what say you?
The defendant dude, who I thought was my bro
Snuff my last piece of pizza
Well, defendant dude, that seems a gregiously harsh, what do you say in your defense?
Uh, I totally spaced it, big famished after a marathon hacky sack session
I've nostered hard, and then washed it down with a great phanta
For that, I'm truly sorry
You are guilty, then have shown remorse
I rule the defendant shall buy the plaintiff dude a pizza with his choice of topping
I am ZX!
Wow, playing a dude on what grounds?
Um, on the grounds that I would also like fudgems
Sustain, and those righteous
So when's the stoner's court?
I will now return to chambers
Place a rolled up towel under the door
And research the case of zigzaggede joker
Court is adjourned
14 before I went at 5.60 WDQM
So watch the story, a great video still playing her wide
Yes sir, what do I tell you?
See, I knew you were full of crap
41 years old, and he's still playing
So what's the big deal with that?
Not these guys, who's the one guy with the mess?
What does his name mean? He's like 49 or something?
Who's your franco?
Is his head who it is?
Francisco Franco, franco-american?
Yeah, that's who it is
He plays like once they've been on it, a paint cheater, whatever, once they're more live in the right
They paint him, you know, he's like still alive
Is he really 165?
Well that's the way it is, you know, because it's a pansy game anyway
Baseball, I don't want to say crap
Watch a little bit of the Buffalo Islander game last night
The guy that emailed me on my space while I was in hamster damn above being an islander fan
And oh yeah, you can stick it man, are you a crazy person or what?
I'm gonna root for the islanders?
I was hoping they'd lose for a straight
They didn't look out and win one game there
But they're gonna get blown out in 5 by the sabers
You kidding me? I'm gonna root for your islanders
Who aids out the leaves for the playoffs?
Are you a crazy person or what?
Of course you are, schmuck
I'm having me a great time in hamster damn
I'm making some of this schmuck, this schmuckle
It sends me a stupid ass, by the way speaking to emails, thanks to George
Huh?
What, you and I made Ricky chuck a little bit
He's very depressed, he had this horrible experience
Oh, Ricky, he was the same name
Will you stop?
I'll trade you, Ricky
You'll trade one
Delomas
Oh, I see
Yeah, when you're trapped
Yeah
Like you said, he doesn't have any kids on him
I guess he would have liked to have been hitched to find out
Hits were the bitch, not a good idea
Yeah, no, don't do it
Skip a happy tune, a whistle a happy tune
Skip to the Lou, whatever
Skip to Maloo, whatever that line means
Speak in a skip and Eric, who was already working on your question before I even passed it along
Yes, says, that the first appearance of I hate this poll was on December 4th, 05
But wasn't on there regularly until February 27th, 06
Also, it's only been about a year and a couple months change
Eric is the best, yes sir, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, listen, this is the first time I've ever called you
I was usually working in a truck all the time
And, you know, doing a route down here in Florida
Listen, I, listen for like 20 years
I enjoy your show, I just wanted to call up and say, man, thank God you got the show going on
Thank God, that's what I say every payday, man, thank God I get the show going on
He keeps me entertained all day
And the price is right, man, don't cost your dime
So they're show going
I listen all day long, so I just wanted to call and say, thank you, another thing
You're my space page, you've got set the private
And I'm, you know, not to eliterate on computers, so...
To eliterate, right?
You know, I eliterate all together, but I basically had my daughter make up my space page
And I was trying to get back on your my space, but I can't get on there
Because I don't know how it works, I guess you have to accept me right
So, are you daughter and make a friend request, and if we like the way it looks and you make up a bunch of phone
Your friends will put you on it
Actually, I have a picture
Don't send me one with no picture, because if there's no picture, I'll just delete it and me need to leave not soon
I just... we can have a little bit of space on hand, so I just have to let her put my picture in there
How old is your daughter?
She's 23
Well, that's right, I'm for all of you, that's the perfect of my space age
I put my picture in her room, and then we'll definitely put it on
I haven't gotten to be able to get on there yet, I'm gonna have to try to see if I can get on
Well, get her on the case, okay, thanks a lot, Pally, you're killing me, have a great day
707 on a pool, it's not even 11 o'clock yet, we're gonna make the thousand day in Spiderman Gale says
Well, maybe we wouldn't make Gale there, we'll get all your people on the pool
Get all Miguel's compadres from Chicago
You're the only... I don't know, I guess there's quite a few Cuban people in Chicago
Right now in Jersey, places like that
We have cells everywhere, in case you didn't know
Cells, that's right
Hmm... I don't want to pull an eye mess now, they won't be in my bed
Yeah, I wonder if they'd be able to get happy headed hose in themselves, and happy headed pimps
We got all types, I'm gonna go take me a nice little mappy
Oh, oh, America, man, in fact you know something?
Corvidal, what perfect timing for this, because I would take a bunch of these other way, well I will
WQAM, hello
Hello? Yes sir
Yes, is this Neil show?
This is Neil, yes
Oh, great, am I speaking to Neil?
Yeah, it sounds like me, yes
Hey, well I just wanted to thank you for your great program, man
I've been listening to you for a lot of years, I've never called you
And it is just wonderful to hear your... and I'm not kissing your behind
Go right ahead, I'm bending over right now, man
I'm just telling you that your effectiveness is great, you really are a threat to fresh air in this market
And it's nice to hear a voice of reason and sanity, and in other wise
It's just a deplorable, horrible radio market in South Florida
That's cool, yeah radio-sessful, man
It is a cesspool, it's garbage, it's crap, but you know, you're reasoning and you're logic and your point of view is
Not only I'm right with you on the same page, but I also know what you delivered, the humor is fantastic
Yeah, I'm gonna work, man
I'm legendary, just remember that, I'm legendary
Well duh, I know that
Okay, well thanks for the kissy kissy pal
It's facts, man, you know, and ain't bragging when it's true, have a great day
Thank you so much, and you too
How you like that, boy, they love me now
I think after I went on vacation for that, we thought, it's not a knock on you, although it probably is
But, you know, and let me also say this, because I was the one who said against all odds
When I kept trying to push those awful vacation tapes on, best of me, I'll say this
And he kept playing it poorly, put together much as swell, garbage that nobody wanted to hear the first time
And I said, put your Johnny here when I'm on vacation, and George said, what?
Remember that? Yeah, you couldn't believe it, after I filled my name
Even you couldn't believe it, I couldn't
I nearly, I nearly, I really, I really, what have you been doing lately?
Really? Yeah
And I saw I take up, but anyway, I'm gone for a week and all of a sudden they say, oh, hallelujah baby, Neil is back
The old queen, the legendary queen is back under radio, see all your people I want to knock and rip it, they bother me at all
I have no foreskin and I have no thin skin, how do you like that? I have thick skin
Of course, when you're this fat, you've got to have thick skin
But what? Well, the thick skin, because it's trache
Groove it all, writes, hailing farewell to the end of the American Empire, it's short
And it's right to the point
Whenever the New York Times finally gets the point to what is going on in our native land, a celestial choir can be heard in Times Square
Shouting Hosanna's
This happened recently on April 14 when they realized that there could be a dark explanation for what W is doing when he sends a Mr. Boltman, a UN Hater, to be invested to that body
Or a Mr. Wolfowitz to the World Bank, a man is ignorant of history and finances the president himself
Marine doubt in the Times was allowed to set the pitch for the latest revelations, with her more con than Neohydline
Meanwhile hundreds, perhaps thousands of incompetence are not cluttering the Justice Department while known incompetence are in place to wreck from within regulatory systems
And even mighty water-read hospital itself
And that's such investigations that W is cut back, especially at the head of the Pett food investigation, a matter of such passionate interest to our countrymen
Needless to say, the Times instinctively probe Bush as it is too, as it too is an inept creature of our Leviathan master, corporate America
See, I can't keep up with Krovedal, not even in the same planet as he is
But though the Times don't know it's a mysterious problem with Bush's general relations to the outside world, the Times as usual cannot grasp what so many of his fans of the American Republican CISO clearly
And the name of Maniki and religious cult, he is eager to destroy every last trace of the New Deal, privatized social security by destroying both the state and its global Imperium
W is love of torture and the death penalty suggests that this is colligular redux, but actually he is a homegrown, ruminous Augustus
The last Roman Emperor is viewed by the Swiss playwright, Fragric, something or other, and refashioned by me in an English version that played on Broadway in the 60s
As the play opens, the Northern barbarians are closing in on Rome while the Emperor doggles and electing to appoint a war-zar to defend the city itself
What is wrong with him? Well, he does have a plan, when Odocair, the king of the two-tons arrives, Rhymealus expects to be executed, but Odocair is that how you say that? Also, rise a plan, good enough
The two rulers will unite in a realm of peace, Rhymealus then admits that all his actions and non-actions had a single end that is struck to the bloody Empire hate inherited
For the admiring two-tons, he holds up an imaginary globe
Now watch, he says, as the Emperor dissolves his empire
Look all, if he wants more upon this tainted globe, this dream of a great empire, floating in space driven by the slightest breath of my lips
Yes, look once more upon the far-flung lands and circling the blue sea with its dancing dolphins
These rich provinces golden with wheat, these teeming cities overflowing with life
Yes, the empire was once the sun, warming mankind, but at a zenith it scorched the world
Now it is a harmless bubble, and in the hands of the Emperor dissolves it into nothing, and thus the throne of blood is overturned
Obviously our weird little Emperor is incapable of moral reflection, thus inviting us to reflect morally upon him as he's gone about his systematic wrecking of our common empire
Which after 1945 should have come into its own but thanks to Truman at all, it stayed forever at war and but now the Hark
What is the timescores singing now? Can it be a new weekend edition? Without troubling news or as W. Finally snapped our military machine for fun if not global peace
On a high moral ground, Rhymerus, and the Great Disowned is empire
W. The Minister, driven by ignorance and greed like his cronies, leaves us defenseless and at sea in a terrorized world of prisons, phonety, trials, renditions, executions without due process of law
while leaving the Middle East a vast tunnel house which he likes to call a fledgling democracy
At the end of the Broadway play one Roman soldier played by Robert Duval, eager to save Rome, joins Rhymerus
But Rhymerus tells him that Roman empire has been dissolved, as surely as W. is dissolving us as hurricanes, tempests, droughts it is making, ravage our alabaster cities and amber waves of grain
How do you like that?
I read five or ten of the words right. Well that's Groved Alman, he's an intellectual, I'm just a fat or a fag
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
What's all the questions?
Right, go on a bender, wear it big hats and funny suspenders
The back home is a different world, no phone so you can't call girls
Come on, come on and raise that barn, they can't swear they can't just say, don't you, Nian?
If you miss it, simply these kids, they can't say the same cause they're Amish in the city
Cause they're Amish in the city
No more eating only mutton, they can use zippers instead of buttons
First time seeing a computer, going for lunch at a place called Looters
Cars honned, never heard street noise and it's the first time they've ever seen a homeboy
The back home is a different thing, no tattoos or belly rings
Come on, come on and feel no guilt
When you get home you can finish that quilt L.A.
The place is so pretty if they say, how will they survive when they're Amish in the city?
When they're Amish in the city
Even the Amishers shoot each other, remember that?
Not that many months ago, that was a great time, they did not shoot anyone
Well, they got shot
Well, whatever, there's the picture of the show on CNN that better watch myself
The North Korean gentleman, yes, that slime ball
The person of interest, Shosun Hui 23, who always me and he's ugly as hell
So at least he was, he's dead now
I bet you don't look even that good right now
729 votes on the pool and of course, you know, everybody's going to want to start up again
And gun control, it's like when the horse is out of the barn
That's right, the genie's out of the bottle
A million miles down the road and saying, hey, we better go out and batten down the hatches
And the barn horse is going to get loose, you know?
Kind of like that
An addition to which most of you people are so brainwashed in the thinking that this is the way the real world operates
With everybody owning guns, oh, they're not going to take away my guns
Shosun, they take away, if they take away our guns, got only knows what the government's going to do then
Right, like we trust this government now, with all the guns you got, who the hell are you?
Can, they'll squash you like a bug, and then they're the engines
Are you still with that default crap again?
We've got a gun killer
Jesus, God, I thought we got rid of his ass
You know, that's one thing, you never hear about him at all
Is he still on the image, or is he still like this?
He's not going to go out and batten down the hatches
He is?
Yep
Boy, sure, he's one of the best kept secrets
Where's he going?
Of course, QAM is also one of the best kept secrets
Thank you, Joe Bell, for the tremendous promotion
And since our promotion is director of sitting right there in a chair and just open up a mouth a moment ago
What, what have they got in mind for any promotion any time this century?
Anything at all?
We're just going to see if we can get a time to about a 0.2
Well, we've got to hit the bottom first and then we'll go from there
Oh, I've got news for you. We've got some day parts that are...
We talk about the Titanic, the barnacles are even embarrassed
They're scraping right along the bottom, baby
Right along the bottom of your...
Brack, though, simply ass
730 votes, now let's see if we can get about eight something by noon, eight, uh, whatever
We should be okay for a thousand
I wouldn't have to be a feather in my old camp
Uh, in your what?
A feather in my sock if I wore any, which I won't, and I don't
730 votes
Now this is the first day, what did you say December of 06?
December of 05 was the first occasion but regularly February of 06
So what you said?
Oh, yeah, what you said
Sorry
I'm going to rework my will right now
30 votes
Yeah, George, before the show this morning George begged me to put money in my will form
Oh, bleeeeeee
And then he said put a little bit in there open chicken act for not too much
And don't take chicken act out of my cut is what he said, that's right
That I don't care if I'm going to die of lung cancer
He can suck oxygen
Yeah, no comment
Something I claim to hate but secretly enjoy that's our poll today, 730 vote
Let me click that view current thing because that's really nifty the way that works
733, you see that?
A little chunk came in there right there
Little chunk, little chunk smells really nasty
Smells like it came from hamster damn
733, masturbation 164
The carpenters 109
There is absolutely nothing like masturbating while listening to Karen Carpenter
Ooh, what a good idea
Jerry Springer show 109, Niels Pools 69
Just let's move right along
Come with the genius
Didn't need any embellishment, any explanation, any uh, Niels Pools
How about the world I think?
Vanilla ice cream 68
Oh yeah, top of the world I like that
That's pretty corny, pretty syrupy
It's kind of like saccharin as a matter of fact
It's like got sorbrecht all in it
I think let's do it for about half an hour you'll be your brain's up
What happened to it?
It's coming, here it comes
Oh
Every year or something, whatever, to me, okay
No, the last time I did it was to you
Or if you don't sound like a guy, and don't get me wrong, I love you
But she sounds just like a guy
She could get those real low notes
She's no man-murray, but that's correct
Hmm, well you sure got a lot of Carpenter's all of this
Play the carnival I got on
Really?
Oh yeah
You got beachwood 45789
Or how about please Mr. Postman?
Wow
I see how many I don't like this
I don't mind that, even though of course it's no more for less
But I don't mind that at all
It's a great song, by the way, please Mr. Postman
Yes, it is
The new I-screen 68, country music 66, homosexuality 63
They claim to hate it but they really enjoyed it
They're a lovin it, believe me, they love it
Rap music 26, the new Roger Show 22
They claim to hate it but they secretly enjoy it
See that's a lie, you know, it should have like another digit in front of it, you have like 820
It's a lie, we got more closet people out there of every variety, you know
Religion 18, oh I love religion, I just don't want to let you know about it
My rule has taught, but the mice these are all over the place
What's the next holiday we got coming up?
To your Gentiles
Either one, one's Tisha Bob
I don't know, I got that
Brother, I guess one, I got that calendar, my pile right here
Just, you see that?
So I'm not gonna why I ask these, here it is, the Jewish calendar right here
The next holiday we got coming out that we finally got peace off in the back
Oh Sunday April 15th, we just had it
Oh, yum please
Was it yum?
Yum ha sure
You know what we have to say to that?
Oy
Yum ha sure
Oy!
Let me show you this
Then we got yum ha sure
Now it's on Monday April 23rd, next Monday
Oh I'm thinking about...
I have a omur on Sunday May 6th, lag boom, or did he play for a red socks?
Yum, you're Ruchaliam on Wednesday May 16th
Shavuas, I'll write my favorite Shavuas, I don't know what it's all about, but I love saying it
Happy Shavuas, Wednesday and Thursday May 23rd and 24th
And I'm sure we got some for the volume coming up too now
I don't think the volume have any more holidays to our Christmas holiday
No, seriously till Christmas
Mother's Day, my ass
I'm taking that off
Is there another Christian holiday between now and Christmas?
If there is, I sure would like to know what it is so I can be sure and take off on it
Nothing I know
No, thanks given
See, one thing about the Jews, thanks give me that a goiish or a holiday
Even the Jews can have the churches they get
It is not
You tell me the pilgrims were going?
Oh
What was that?
Top of the world
So yeah, the pilgrims were
Are you kidding with those buckle pilgrims were not going?
They were just happy dresses
They were just Jews with good outfits
Religion 18, Republicans 12 and Democrats 7 and other 744
And when I click that view current it just, oh I get 748
See that nice chunk that came in around that shot?
President Bush speaks in Virginia Tech Convocation to a clock of staff
Noobman Dread is what they ought to be saying, okay?
Gun Totten, Gun Love and lunatic
Who is just as much responsible for what happened there yesterday
Is anybody else?
Is anybody else who supports?
See, I don't want to go off on a big rant about this but I might
Just having returned from hamster dam
And there will be some of you people say, oh well I've been there and there's a bunch of drug crazed people
Arostas in the street there and all this other stuff going on
And all this hanky, spanky and stuff
You know what?
Light years ahead
Even though the buildings are old and the food sucks
They are light years ahead
Of course Canada, my God, we're talking the Canada is like in the 25th century compared to America
What do you people talk about? What do you think it about?
That you can't go out and walk the streets because some crazy bastards got a gun and gonna blow your crap away
If you got five bucks in your pocket or 50 cent
Or maybe if you look at them cross-eyed or if you take the wrong parking spot
But I'm saying, that's how it goes in America
The civilized world does not operate that way because civilized people don't run around with guns
The big gun will be a nice side, please
That's right
That's how it works in America
What?
You said 50 cents, it got me going
50 cents
Say it right man, 50 cents
I'm as hip as they come on the hipster just like the mold my foot
I'm an ancient hipster, a ding dong daddy man
That's right, I'm doing an ancient style
I'm a huff-huff-huff
I like ancient styles
748 and a pole
You're gonna get me going out, you're gonna get me an honest fear pretty soon
I'm gonna start off out, I'm gonna start off out
That's what I say
Facts
Fui
Act
752 on the pole by the way
What are we trying to get? We're trying to get like about 825, 850 just to cover our ass by noon
See Miguel, you're sitting in the chair there, you're supposed to be keeping track of this kind of stuff
Oh, okay, you're supposed to pretend to care like Chris does
The only thing Chris cares about is getting his free lunch every day
And if I was making a kind of nickels and dimes that he's making, 50 cents
That's all I care about too
Because I couldn't afford to buy my own lunch if I was making what they're paying him
He does okay, he's a good guy, he is a good guy
I'm not saying he's great, he's no Josh, but then again he just started
He's only been out here since literally in the year, right?
Right, so as we get some weight off of him
Weight off his ass
That's the nice thing that Joe building for us, you know
Stole Josh Curtis away who was becoming so popular that he was like in great demand even on my space
That's right
Unfortunately, it was all the guys that were after his ass
But they know as far as chicks are concerned, he's got their Russian girlfriend with all the vodka
And the big boobies and stuff like that
Huge
Really?
The freaking phenomenal
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh
Maybe that's what they want
Maybe that's what your friend Christopher was trying to get to is get to hear through him, you know what I mean?
Maybe
Remember Christopher who was a fandom?
Who?
Christopher aka some other people, several other phony people on there
Well I'm sure glad that we put a little smile on Ricky's face there after he got Ricky and your lucky nasty bitch
Yeah, consider yourself lucky, do a cartwheel
If you don't know how it's even to say you know when people are depressed and they're down in the dumps
And they feel like they've been screwed over and stuff like that
It's one thing to go all the way over there the West Coast to get screwed but to get screwed over that's another story
No boy, nobody had in mind
We're thinking about your kiddo
I don't want to tell you what we're thinking but we're thinking
750-3-07-a-pool I'm going to keep you really tight in on that because we could talk about that
And we could keep talking about the 32 innocent people who died
And Virginia Secchess today and why they died and why nothing is going to happen to change it
And my most people don't give a crap anymore
Get a lot of people
Five
Sixth of the Rogers on Sports Hole Radio WQA
Do you have what it takes to be a newswill if you do
You will
Sport Hole Radio 560 WQA invite you to listen and win
With the 560 QAM Niels Wheel Contest
Simply cut and pay someone else's profile and take to my space or in 50 words or less
Right why you should be a Niels Wheel on the back of the postcard and run to the WQAM Stimbiose in the McAllister hotel
Then when you hear this sound
That's your chance to win Harris Millions or have to even fill you the dollar
It's a dollar, it's a dollar, it's a dollar, it's a dollar
O contestants must be male, no younger than 18, no older than 25, must be shaving and smooth
Judges reserved the right to eliminate contestants based on the rate equitance and the already rate and scale of 1 to 10
Runners I will receive an autographed duplicate of Niels Wheel suitable for training
And the duplicates of Niels Wheel found under your windshield wiper in the parking lot will be foited by law
All prizes will be awarded by my Anthony and the grand prize winners are asked to be patient for it
And a period of time until Niels decides to die
Well listen I'm not going to die any time today so what I'm going to do is leave right now
I'm going to take all the money out of God, I'm going to take $1,000, I'm going to go out and have me a great time
I'll be there to go
That sound like a plan, just wrap the $100 bills on you, just stick them to your body and wear them as clothes
Huh?
Yeah, I want some good peels off, one by one
You can get peels
You know what tomorrow is, don't you?
We'd buy one today
That is correct
And of course the audience is probably wondering
And don't forget they got this slide open at Pompedon Island as of this past weekend
Too bad that they're not sending me any information to put on the record for 30 years of
Whatever
But the slots are open in Pompedon Park, I just don't know what I'm going to mention now
So you know next time if I ever come down here again, how much I just go there and punch my guts there too
As a matter of fact spread it around a little bit
Spread it around, if you got it spread it and the money too
Is that what they say?
I told her
Oh God, WNQAM, hello
Niels, how you doing? Welcome back
Great, thank you so much
A couple things
I've been through some polling and of high school students
And a lot of them want to be involved in the election process
Like 16, 17 year olds
What do you mean you've been doing a lot of polling of high school students
Where has this been on street corners? I don't get it
Talk to her looking for them
It's about the random
Like referendum, you know what I mean?
It's giving these different high schools papers to fill out for their students to get involved in the election process
How do they get involved when they're 16 and 17 years old like casting phony votes?
No, I've been trying to get the legislative to change the law
To change what law?
The voting law of 18
To what? 15, 10, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, get out of here, you nut job, you pedophile man
He's just looking for an excuse to go out there and grab onto some asses
What he wants
Polling high school students
That's right, I'm sure he is
Right referendum
760, 760 WGR Detroit
Boy, it used to be a great radio, I've never really was
They had the Tigreiums alone with her near Harwell
Long time ago, man, when a radio business was worthwhile
Let me just say it again, radio is dead
Okay, get over it, it's dead, done, finished
Done, true, audios, word ghost, finito, bonito
I'll read the d'Arch, totesienes, dooi
What is the picture of that North Korean guy again?
We don't want to start picking on North Koreans
And I'm going to tell you the first person that comes on the year anywhere in America says, gook, he's done
I'm telling you that right now
Am I right?
Yep
They'll throw the book at him
The book?
Yes, the book
You just know it's going to happen
Because they're going to try to out- I'mist, I'mist, then they're going to want to begin in can
And they're not going to have all the millions and all that's to back him up
Like that old drunk is God
No, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing- like that
And when I heard, I think it was Kenny this morning say something about Amist was making $7 million a year
$7 million a year for a dead man to be sitting in the chair
I'll take that job right now
I can chew gum and mumble
I don't have any gum right now, but I can go get some
I got some
Well good, you chewed now mumble
I'm fine
I'm fine
Marminum, Marminum, Marminum, Marminum, when he's tuning in,
he's not ready to enter.
No, and...
And, of course, all the money raised for charity.
We're supposed to consider that he belonged on the year
because he raised a lot of money for charity.
How about if he would have just gotten off the year
15 years ago and gone out full time
and raised money for charity?
Bunch of aloni.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
I can choose that.
Yes, sir.
Hey, is Neurological?
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hi, it's Chris.
Hey, Chris.
What do you got?
Is this... is this new?
Yes, it is.
Hey, new.
I wonder...
I wonder what she's got about Barack Obama.
I'll hang up and let you tell us.
Let me evacuate.
Okay.
Now, that poll...
Now, CBS has got to pull that in like too much
because Hillary's way ahead of that one.
But the new CNN poll yesterday showed he had...
Hillary had 36 in Barack had 28.
And nobody even knows who he is yet.
He is your next president.
I don't care what George says.
Who always was giving me crap?
Was it you?
That he can't get elected?
I don't think I said that.
Somebody was giving me that crap.
And whoever was...
I'm going to tell you right now.
Anybody gives me that crap that Barack Obama can't get elected?
I'm going to just blow that crap away.
Just like that North Korean kid did there.
That...
Cho Sing Hui.
That gentleman.
They always say this gentleman.
What kind of...
What is that?
He's a crazy person.
He's got a gentleman.
A gentleman implies a gentleman.
A gentleman...
A gentleman...
Don't run around blowing people away.
Okay, with guns.
And all of these things.
Gentlemen, my ass.
That wouldn't be a bad guy.
A man.
And he's got tremendous momentum now.
He's got the old mole.
Don't don't don't.
Wait till mole gets out there, campaign in form.
Like in sunrise lakes.
And in bokeh.
We're all the old Jews live.
Now let's see what we got on that poll.
I don't hopefully make the thousands of day because it would be pretty embarrassing not to do it.
After you came up with that awful idea of getting rid of my hate this poll.
Seven...
A 64.
A will be way over 800 by noon.
Even my gilmaros we can do that.
Not that he cares.
Is he paying any attention to all our seed and stuff?
Not even, but nothing.
Attention either.
Oh, that's okay.
WQA and hello.
This is long as this spots could on.
QA and...
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Any know?
Yep.
Is this the George Rodriguez show?
What do you want?
WQA and hello.
Good morning.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, am I the only one that I see all this time?
Yes, and I just become immune from it.
I don't react.
It used to be a time that...
Everybody has been desensitized to a baby because there's so much of it that goes on.
If he killed 300 people yesterday, people would have said,
oh, gee, what a shame.
And they were going back to watching the dancing with the stars.
I know.
My wife goes to me.
Why are you being so insensitive?
And I tell her, you know what?
It isn't that.
I've seen it so many times that it doesn't do anything for me anymore.
You know what I mean?
I don't...
And I feel bad.
I was sitting here when this was all going down yesterday and we had CNN on.
And I looked back at that and even my reaction to it, I'm ashamed of it.
Because I'm an American man because I'm so immune to being shocked by any grotesque behavior.
Because it's the American F and Wayman.
That's why.
I was watching yesterday.
The movie Bobby, have you seen it?
Bobby?
No, I haven't seen it.
Okay.
There's a lot of actors.
I know you won't like them there, but the part...
In that case, I won't see it.
No, but they have a lot of clips of Bobby in it and speech as he made.
Yeah.
And every speech he made, you can use it today.
You know, he's talking about pollution, he's talking about poverty, he's talking about war.
And I was saying...
And I know something.
That's why he's dead, man.
Yeah, I mean...
Hey, you know what?
It's sad.
It's a sad, you know.
I know that's why you're laughing.
It's sad.
What are you going to do?
Crying might as well laugh.
Yeah, I know.
Well, I'd like to, Pally.
I'll see you on the other side.
One last thing.
Have you heard of a singer called Mika?
M-I-K-A?
He's a young guy.
He's out in Europe.
He sounds just like Brady Mercury.
Really?
If you get a chance to hear it, yeah.
I don't know what it sounds like.
What does he look like?
See you, Pally.
Get out of here.
26 past 11 at 560 WQL on a great Tuesday.
It's not great there.
You know, they're doing a campus killing thing all day.
Like I said, as Rotesque as it was and it's very sad and tragic, it's just, it's not...
I mean, it just kills all this time on CNN and MSNBC and Fox, right?
Yeah.
But it's just more of the same.
You know, it's just more of what goes on in America.
And it's, oh gee, what are we going to do?
Let's pass some more laws.
Let's round up all the guns.
Oh yeah.
The horse is out of the barn and he's on another...
He's in another solar system.
That's how far away the horse is, okay?
Quit looking to close the barn door for Christ's sakes.
And that's right.
Do it for Christ's sake.
He'd approve.
In fact, Eric, one of our...
The guy that sends us all those great comments on our Myspace thing.
He's showing...
There's one with Jesus holding a shotgun.
That's right.
The gun totem, Jesus, baby.
Who would Jesus shoot?
That's what I'd like to know.
I don't know Jesus be shooting.
I know.
Yeah.
Oh, you actually want an answer?
There's a lot of lists.
You're all faxed to you.
It's a little tiny print.
27 past 11 at 560 WDQM.
And we used to be great, man.
We used to be contenders.
We used to be like on top of the world, like Karen Crawford or there.
And now we got Jolly Jo Bell walking around there.
Oh, you're going to have a big march, Neil.
Right.
Hey, Mom, do you crave a delicious pizza and the back child support?
That low-life loser still owes you?
Then call Domino's for our new deadbeat dad pizza.
Domino's deadbeat dad pizza.
Speak of the devil.
It's you.
Oh, hey, here's your pizza.
How much do I owe you?
$7500.
Oh, well, here's a 20.
20.
Yeah, I would add the rest of it if New York had covered the spread.
Oh, hey, I was a little silly doing it anyway.
Her name is Susie and you used that excuse last time.
Well, tell her Daddy's asking about her and give her these fudgems, okay?
She needs new shoes and you give her fudgems.
Yeah, there it's $3.99.
I'll just take it off what I owe you.
Oh, okay.
Domino's deadbeat, dead pizza.
Open the door.
It's that SOB.
It's $1133.27.
I'll know that rhymes with SOB.
$33, right?
Yeah.
Climb up with $3.770.
You vote on the pool.
We'll be way over 800 by the top of there.
No sweat, Miguel.
This relax.
Okay.
Well, I would not speak well for you if you sat in there today for a crisp or a fruit.
You might be sitting in for a judge or whoever it will be sitting in that chair.
We didn't get a thousand votes.
Even though it would be my fault for taking that, I hate this pool off of there.
I don't you think George said by forcing we forced their hand so to speak.
Correct.
Well, yeah.
That's another thing.
You got to vote for something or they could go, you know, take a flying leap.
That's right.
Either vote for something or get lost.
Get off our space.
Okay.
There's my space and then there's our space.
That's right.
And that pool is our space.
You got it?
As an outer space.
As an outer space.
All of these are one.
Nothing.
We said the same thing.
Did we really?
Yeah.
I wasn't paying any attention.
5, 6, 7.
But come on.
Let's get some reaction to this tremendous disaster we had yesterday.
I'm not trying to make any light of it, but most people don't care about it.
What are they going to say?
32 dead students plus of course that damn shooter that lunatic.
And we still don't know what the, you know, I keep reading all the articles that he air every break.
I keep going to read all this crap and waiting and waiting.
Well, what was the story?
He had like a bad DM or something or like.
That was a girlfriend issue.
It was a girlfriend issue.
There you go with your friend.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't let that bitch destroy your life.
Right.
No matter which bitch we're talking about, okay?
Wipe and run.
Wipe and run?
Sure.
That's what you've been doing all morning.
Well, I don't know about the running part.
I'll just wait till the afternoon.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
I was watching CNN this morning and I saw they showed all these kids in the chapel praying and everything.
Yeah, that's your word.
I didn't.
And but you know, this is obviously it's terrible.
You know, it's a horrible thing that happened.
But look at the, you know, did they pray and carry on about the carnage that we're inflicting
on the askins and the Iraqis?
I mean, they pay for more.
No, they don't because that's America, man.
And we can do no wrong to understand.
Yeah, but it's like, I don't know.
I think the country's going around the venue.
I don't know if there's any coming back.
I'll see you at the border, pal.
All right.
See you there.
Okay.
Can I have a falls?
How's it going, eh?
All that crap about Canada sucks.
All these punks that haven't got a damn thing to say.
So they think they're going to wound me and they call up Canada sucks.
Yeah, right.
You should only suck like Canada sucks.
Okay, I'm not saying that there aren't a bunch of morons here and homeless sluppers on the
street corners, which is a real disgrace, eh?
And Stephen Harper, who wants to be George Bush light, would never do less.
And then the year ago boxing day, year ago December is last major.
I mean, their shootings take place here a lot of time.
But nothing at all like in the States.
And of course, and that's because most people are in a run around with guns.
And you wonder why?
Because it's freaking illegal.
It's illegal.
They don't have pawn shops up and down the streets like on 441.
Where every five yards you can go in for a few bucks by another stupid ass gun.
Oh, and you better not put any restrictions on the number of weapons.
Either we have to have, we don't just want to have a gun.
We want to have an arsenal of weapons.
Okay, that's what we want.
Not just a gun, but a freaking arsenal.
And anonymously without a license, don't forget that.
That is absolutely correct, sir.
Don't you be effing with our guns.
In fact, I think we'll do that poll tomorrow.
Remember last time and we get, we get, what's the word we always use for that?
When you invade the poll?
Oh, free.
Yeah, we get free.
That's right.
As in the freedom, what's that website?
See, in my mind, it's gone.
Free public.
Free free free free free republic dot com.
Another white wing Nazi website.
So they creeped the poll.
They put it on here.
Everybody get on the Arigas poll and vote.
Don't eff with our guns.
You're all, all these gun-token lunatics.
Because that's all they know from, man.
That's a replacement for their penis is a gun.
That's what that's all about.
It makes them big, man, baby.
It makes them really macho.
Because probably they're firing blanks the rest of the time.
WDQA and we can only pray that that's true.
WQA and hello.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
People are going to run around with guns.
There's going to be a lot of dead people as what they figure.
We're going to be detesting their air ammo.
We are going to be detesting our guns.
Now we have a lot of dead people that we have to reach them again.
And people have to reach them again.
There's a lot of people that we have to reach them.
And want something to show people that they maybe have built a fire or some other
They probably thought they would full force or any other gangs out burst out.
I have built quite a lot of there that they could abort or kill even more, like scared of
sissy that's right sissy boy
thirty two a.m. hello
and you'll
yes sir
hey day after the biggest massacres american history
where is the
the reverend sharpened and uh...
just ejection
they're busy having lunch with the unimus
i guess i mean lastly they were raising all kind of came about
so i'm calling uh...
a group of
napi
that's right yeah
i guess it doesn't mean anything with people are getting shot
and brutal i
that is correct because these were white people i guess i don't know if any
more black enough and i'm sure that i'm sure that i'll ingest you'll find
out
i did see one black
man he died a student there so
yeah he couldn't be long before jessey'll turn into a racial thing you know
because this guy was in north korea did the shooting he was probably a
racist
yeah i'll probably go with that little uh... they did over in
uh... or three
that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
that that that that that that
you'll be good time to watch team america world police again wouldn't and i
never got around watching the south park online but i will
this week and i'll do that what do you know just
came down you know that was so funny
but yes watch that south park the uh... the jesus one the Easter but he won't
okay
not pick it on religion are we we don't want to be picking up religion because
that just like the i'm a thing you start picking up religion in all religion
is going to get pissed off and i want you off the air man
just like the catholic churches in years ago
sent that letter to the cast were w n w s
we understand that the largest contract is coming up for renewal soon
and we urge you not to renew it because he's uh... anti-religion and he's
this and fagging all this other crap and uh... the cake uh... cast for
gimme covered in red red red on the air
and after that the ice all is religion shows you know i used to have priests
on the air and
rabbis and ministers and all these other figures and argue religion with them
and after that the church would let no a priest come on a show no more
uh...
there were two busy offering boys
seven hundred ninety six votes on the pool on the city and i'm gonna keep i'm
gonna keep uh... freepin it
creeping it
i better not
because it might be a take to through the break the date hundred
but i think we can safely say we're gonna get to a thousand votes today without
i hate this pool without all the negativity okay with all the evil nasty
hateful crap and murder and mayhem and bloodshed going on and we need a bunch
of negative hateful people out there
this larry king and they don't come any better than the or
this station presents
real american heroes
today we salute you mr. automatic tax extension
by
you know for months that tax day was coming up
but you just keep putting up
filling up those forms like putting up a visit to the proctologist
he's the team
right now
mr. automatic tax extension pilot
which means that you don't even have to come up with a lame
albeit creative excuse
you put the pro in procrastination
but today we can do
what you'll be
so on April 15th forget the long form
short form or easy
just mail up for 4868 and breathe a six month sigh of relief
just like mr. automatic tax extension pilot
a real american hero
late penalty of interest was to apply
14 to load at five sixteen every q amp a little bit late now
if they pull seventeen maybe a short view of the big new tax check coming back
uh... yeah
i got it
not big but you're actually refund already yet take care of this time can't
afford to wait
what do you think
a guy's making a kind of money that you're pulling down you can't afford to
wait i do have some good news for you
yeah what's up
money really can't buy happiness study finds
uh...
who you'll lose somebody with a lot of money
barber rose michigan contribute okay
but we'll get more money than the rose knows baby ever rose knows this little crap
she knows if you can be headed hoes i think
why sure she's white
sure she is
sounds jewish
the old saw money can't buy happiness apparently holds true when it comes to work
honeypate professionals like doctors and lawyers
did not make the cut
when you search for something to find the most satisfying workers
clergy ranked number one in both jobs satisfaction
in general happy boy i got a great tax free scandal and maybe you can meet
that the mission the perks
that's right
how you're still mad
p.r.
physical figures and firefighters were second and third ranked in jobs
satisfaction
physical therapists or clergy and physical therapists
hands on kind of people
lean on hands baby that's what i like like and hands to them i laid on a lot of
hands you better believe me
hands down your pantaloni's baby i'm going back now
this this business in here talking crap every day with you know this kind of
money i'd rather go back over there and have me a hell of a time
more than three quarters of physical therapists and firefighters reported being
very satisfied
other occupations which more than sixty percent said they were very satisfied
included teachers
painters and sculptors
psychologist and authors
then say nothing about talk shows or produces or board ops
or promotions people make a
somewhat when we get here about that big promotion coming up one day
the most satisfying jobs are mostly professions especially those involving
caring for
teaching and protecting others and creative pursuits at time w smith
director of n.o.r.c. general social survey a poll supported by the
national science foundation
well i'm sure hungry now that that grips just open up like a whole to
side of the grand canyon i know another way
what
all of the new normal looking at the company go back
no come on
the worker satisfaction study said for release oh well i guess it's so today
is based on data collected since nineteen eighty eight i'm more than twenty seven
thousand
randomly selected people
for the most satisfied workers intrinsic rewards are the key to study says
they're doing work they're very proud of helping people
like i'm doing here every day helping people kill four hours every day
in boring ass out for the
clergy ranked by far
the most satisfied and the most generally happy of hundred ninety
documentation as if they did tell the truth as if they ever are you suggesting
that the uh... the get skis out there are liars saying there's no such thing as
an honest clergyman eighty seven percent clergy said they were very
satisfied with their work compared with an average forty seven percent for all
workers sixty seven percent reported being very happy compared with an average
of thirty three percent for all workers in by the way this this uh... murder
or a son of a bitch he was from south korea
i don't know what they're coming up with king john eel and all i cried
you have a idea how busy i am yeah
what about our problem
we have a record
if if i could watch that like every day i would if i had the time to do that
that's how the most of the work of a dangerous
madame and
that
jackson carol was professor meridus of religion in society at doodled
in the school
found similarly high satisfactorily said it brought us into catholic
clergy despite relatively modest that salaries and long hours
they're getting satisfied baby and i have a pretty good idea how
i think i don't know
well some of it
they look at the recupation is a calling carol said a pastor does get called on
to enter into some of the deepest moments of a person's life i think it was
going to say that some of the deepest areas of a person's life
celebrating a birth and sitting with people of tans of illness or death there's a
lot of fulfillment
others in helping profession described the work as a calling
i believe i was probably put on the surface and make somebody's life a little
bit easier
that's what i get out of my job so gena culk and oak par physical therapists
who's practiced twenty three years
i love my job i think it's because i see results very quickly
i see positive things happen to people very quickly
i get rewarded every day by what i do about an apostatuta that's another
example i'm eric is in dark ages ok
and prostitutes illegal smoke a little weed is illegal what do you talk about
anything that's good is illegal for that's a maybe a banana split that
prostituting sounds like a very satisfying profession that's what all you do
in all day long is satisfying people
says i see positive things happen to people very quickly is what gena said
i'm thinking on that line of working probably seem
in some cases probably very very quickly
i'm saying
satisfaction generally rises with social status and higher status often goes
hand in hand if i can say that with higher pay
and exception is doctors are paying professional rank number one in occupational
prestige
general practitioners are more than twice as much as physical therapists for
example
earning average of 140 grand plus compared with 65 grand
yet doctors score lower in satisfaction happiness
well maybe part of the reason for that is number one most of my question number two
everybody that they see is sick
and it's depressing
and the patients are dropping like flies
peter upa 55 and internal medicine physician practices in L. Rose Park
had eight patients in his waiting room and three in examining rooms to the
afternoon
i think most doctors are satisfied the problems we have so much pressure
reset the demand for time is such we're always behind and sometimes it can
be pretty stressful
when somebody comes in ill and you're able to restore them to help there's
nothing greater than that but there's so many regulations is not like he
used to be the demands outside the actual patient care are much greater than
these to be yadi-adi-adi
occupations with least satisfied and happy workers tend to be low-skilled manual
and service jobs
roofers
waiters and laborers ranked at the bottom in job satisfaction with the she was
one in five reporting they were very satisfied
in fact here's the list
top occupations number one clergy and this is job satisfaction clergy
getchies
fakers liars thieves two physical therapists three firefighters
give me the last slide up a down at grease pool
four education administrators and five painters and sculptors
what what does that mean
bottom occupations in job satisfaction number one roofers
oh i got to play that
don't i what
up on the roof oh yeah
so
starts getting me down
and then let's see i guess uh i guess you're on vacation with my disc showed up
from amazon dot com
must have been
the album and the crime change album the cv
a number two waiters and servers way down there at the bottom baby
on the bottom having a kiss up to these pain in the ass
customers
hey i still have a little cold as a hair in my egg plant that you know what's
wrong with you guys a little bit slow on the uptake here with you can you
imagine being a uh waiter no i can just down here like in here in this
line i know how difficult it is to please
doing this for thirty one years in this town but the idea of actually having
to face people not being able to slam the damn phone down it's like like that
when it doubt slam it out
just like that ketchup in the bottle i think you sent me yesterday
haha
it was great like it did but i got i got news for it she wasn't going to take
care of him i sure so would have believed me
in fact i'd like to find out what country that was what language with these
big friends was it friends i think so yet well
part of who jump on z and labor is not construction bottom uh right down there
in the bottom not construction so it's such as like yeah i'll send me
lying people people like uh working in the auto plants in detour it's stuff
like that
the question you're working in detroit you'd be pretty of the press too i
thought i'd just heard a fask him over a little while ago and i reached back
there is nothing on it
do i imagine that am i hallucinating now or what
maybe because i say if yesterday was a v plus this is definitely at least an
a-minus today is what i'm thinking i'm starting to get it back you know i mean
yet yesterday i had that scratchy throat no matter what flight is first
of it's a long flight the air the air quality and plane always sucks
it's always really bad and why is that because there's no circulation right
right well they're circulating it the same air all over you know over and over again
yeah they're not pumping in anything new well why not why can't they pump up some
fresh freaking air in a money for the money that they're charging air it costs
money to compress air into those tanks and uh take your seats i just love them
and i've been now when you fly kyle and next time when you go to antonne yeah next week
and you're in business fast on kyle and kevin crude take your seats when you hear that it's
always a good sign and it sounds like they got although this time was a different guy
maybe maybe i've just had luck i've always had the same pilot my eight million trips i've taken
over there because it always sounds like the same guy kevin crude take your seats
and that means i'll ride we're either going to now now go on over of course as much more
exciting than coming back although there is something nice about you know getting back home the
comfort of home etc you know i mean oh yeah well no i don't know what you mean
well no there's something nice about getting back in the car bar and you get back to the house
and you're gonna get got the key and you go inside and you've got a place it's your place your
crap is there you know i'm gonna lay down you think oh yeah that's it my crap is there all right
they're gone already my crap is there all right it's just like a dream i don't want to hear
about your crap okay it's been too much of that all day for crying out for christ's sake well it is
it's number two's day isn't it yeah this the number do's day what would Jesus dump
haha 825 votes on the pool we got a thousand like Miguel and spread of your in temperate attitude
okay something i claim to hate but secret secretly enjoy is masturbation 185
no see jury's springer show 126 the carper is 117 niels purls is moving up 78
vanilla ice cream 76 we did i just can't stand that it just makes me want to vomit put the sprinkles
yes sprinkle list country music 73 almost sexuality sprinkle some of that 70
twinkle twinkle little sprinkle rap music 32 the neo-riders show 29 your liars
lumbord and that religion eight the 19 republicans 13 and democrats only seven in this highly liberal
educated audience this is gonna be a little bit i have to take my hormones every day to keep the
hair from growing back about my nipples and that's when i listen to the neo-riders 12 to 1
hour
he's the most wanted in the world and we just can't seem to find him
piece a six foot four arid dude how hard could it be well for all of these years chances of
finding him a slim tell me where in the world is i'm a bin Laden he's not in a pen
and no one in the same thing we'll never see him or tb yc so can we shine will we
a skin to rubber and turn the tribal plant tell me where in the world is
oh some will be alive and be in cashmere or iron hide anywhere you can't some higher just
out here already and back i'm not here to stand and see if we can kill him with five
planes out of life and we still listen to the song if he's not where we think you're hiding he might
just be back in your man tell me where in the world is i'm a bin Laden
what a damn it where in the world is a son of a bin Laden we're good where in the world is a son of a bin Laden
yeah better find him sometimes while we're all still alive otherwise we might be dead you know
it's being a being dead yes the gunman and what do you want him more about the south korean gunman
steve sure we got two hours to kill for his little flinch of money
the federal investigators group through deny collecting processing oh yeah you guys didn't want to
help a job man between the yeah between the campus people and the uh the whole uh we don't need
to tell anybody what's going on that's right send him an email a couple hours later and maybe
they'll like catch on to it of course they're not checking their email the gunman's
suspected of carrying out the Virginia Tech massacre that left 33 people dead was identified
today as a senior English major from South Korea but policing university officials offered no clue
to his motive he was a loner and we're having difficulty finding information about him
school spokesperson and uh what is it spokesperson spokesman spokesman Larry hanker said the day after
the shooting rampated modern US history let's see and then all that crap about well they weren't
sure if the first one was a yeah it was it was the same gun and all the other cars same way oh it's
a bunch of crap police identified the government of the classroom attack as 23 year old show swung we
he held a green card meaning he was a legal permanent US resident he had been in the US since 1992
official city graduated from a public high school in shantilly virginia in 2003 now didn't you
just mention yesterday the big bopper i did and what was his big hand shantilly lace shantilly lace
and a funny place and right in your face and uh spread with some mace huh one moment say i
degrease and arsenic with old lace there you go baby baby the big bopper is still there yeah let's
take a look at the sky thank you all funny Hollywood and Rickian Nelson all his other plane practice
do i want will i want okay so anyway this guy's family lives in seterville virginia was in
summer he was living on campus in different dorm from one from the one where the bloodbath began
one law enforcement officials had chose backpack container receipt for a march purchase of a
lock nine millimeter pistol there they go as a permanent legal resident of the US show was able to
buy a handgun unless he'd been convicted of a felony and of course in virginia if he liked looked
like he was over the age of five and he didn't steal a freight train here you go how many guns you
want am i right absolutely correct right investigator stopped short of saying choke carried out both
the tax but ballistics test show one gun was used in both for june state police set and two law
enforcement officials speaking on condition and anonymity because the information had been announced
said chose fingerprints were found on both guns used in the rampage the serial numbers on the
two weapons have been filed off hmm there's no evidence of any of comp uh accomplice at either uh
shooting the gunman's family lived in off-white two-story townhouse in seterville what difference does
it make what the color of the freaking house is okay or how many stories it is an off-white two-story
house jesus god who now wrote this crap is this from the oh this is from uh associated press figures
don't ever shop at the in p go to law bloz instead he was very quiet always by himself neighbor
Abdul shash said to the gunman Abdul aha here that
in shash said the gunman spent a lot of his free time playing basketball and wouldn't respond if
somebody greeted him he described the family as quiet he wouldn't respond if somebody greeted him
i bet if somebody had blown his crap away he'd respond that's right the crime of flying man
without a plane martial mean who lives across the streets of the family lived in the townhouse
for several years and don't forget the rain in spain falls family on mario mainly on margarita
mean spain and fade baby a gerry bane credit card records virgin cyclist issued a speed ticket show
April 7th for going 44 and a 25 mile an hour zone and he had a court date said from a 23rd that's
probably why i got pissed off south korea's foreign ministry expressed its condolences and said
south korea hoped that the tragedy would not stir up racial prejudice or confrontation
don't go shoot start shooting a bunch of south koreans out to get even
were in shock beyond description said chobuong c a ministry official heading north american affairs
we convey deep condolences to victims families and the american people many students were leaving
town fast lugging pillows sleeping bags and backpacks down the sidewalks getting their ass out
of their as fast as they could held a green card my ass the majority of people are leaving
campus trying to get away so what will nickless nineteen freshman from her sheet pennsylvania
oh that's not what they make that awful chocolate is it hey no don't forget the uh
almond taughty no i do like that i had some yesterday did you really yeah 190 i think something
that's on the poll yesterday vanilla ice cream yeah that's what it was you did something that
was on the poll or you had something i don't want to go with you okay and by the way if
Ricky is still all the press which i'm sure he is oh listen is there some excellent advice from
the professor mm-hmm okay you know the professor no my online friend yes he said you know
well why do you have to keep playing games okay i'm gonna tell your other friend about the kind
of hanky spanky you told me this morning okay how can behind his back i'm not kidding
then between you two guys god although maybe are you playing playing for his playing the crash
he's on the way down the right and whatever anyway here's the message Ricky it says tell that
kid to take it as a lesson learned and move right along the press is a complete waste of time
meeting people online is a crap shoe just like a real life some are weirdos some are great
some are just normal as long as you don't get your hopes up or test anyone you don't really know
you'll never get hurt or bothered remind him there plenty more online victims waiting is he
fanned another year something no actually he's not he's like a very normal decent looking guy
it says if that's the case i guess it could be sad thinking you finally self-found something to pay
attention to you only to find that you're wrong but if he's good looking then sweating about it
is the stupidest most regrettable thing he could do it's still been regrettable Ricky quit worrying
about that's right also here's the best part of the advice also tell him the next time he decides to
me to die can for Myers to stop by or read your speech over sonic enables on a way back it'll
brightness trip right off is that good stuff to walk out i say put the professor on the payroll
have you got it yeah he's for the story yeah he'll profess all of you that's right he's the best
it's better what you say that's just the way you are man you've got something bad to say about
everyone do i i don't know especially behind their back i'm sure man we usually behind
their always behind that back 800 so that should brighten up your trip back next time you go
Ricky sonic and or he knows that's that's you do it for you what do i smile on your push
842 votes on the pool we're gonna have over 900 by one o'clock and then we'll slide into that
thousand just like a great video sliding into the second base i can't believe them Miguel didn't know
he was still planned procedurally retired anymore huh i thought he retired left here and he's
still fighting for Houston right he's played for the Astros and entire career yep am i correct
about that he's always from Brooklyn so like the late 80s and up till the last couple of years when
he started getting really old and gay a gray he always looked pretty good to me he always looked
uh they he had robby Benson syndrome like he never changed like he was always the same age you know
sure which i guess that's okay you know whether you're like 19 25 even 30 you still look like 15
yes but when you get to be like 35 40 you just feel like you're 15 people start let's say like
what's wrong with him yeah hey i'm 30 i'd better say maybe he's watching that doctor sanjay
Gupta maybe he stopped eating and he's not aging normal you know the whole concept of that to start
eating a minimum number of calories you see it in the city did you see him again that's old logic
i mean they've been talking about that for years yeah and if you eat almost no calories just
just to keep you going you're gonna live like a hundred years old well who now wants to live to
100 if you can't eat right am i right long miserable life that's right you're gonna live 150 years
but man you're gonna be hungry all the time and have a real sour altitude tell you that right now
nothing to be driving over to Fort Myers you stop over there or radio is in sonic now
now have you been to sonic can you tell me because i forget that conversation we had that thing yeah i
did many times it was just fine it was good i want to go well why don't you guys hop in a car
right now and head over to Fort Myers see you and you can stop i and see a rookie's girlfriend maybe sure
you know cheer up rookie it'll be okay okay plenty of bitches it already is okay Ricky's right it's
better than okay that's right you have to cure me before we're too late free oh
to be free i guess you should have been on that trip to Amsterdam with all of us
852 votes on the pool for those who keep track of such things it's very important they take
it from me or not for many worse than Neil Rogers
hi this is john McCain presidential candidate and brain damaged or i'm standing here in the heart
of Baghdad now that our mission have been safely accomplished i invite you all to come and
enjoy the spoils of what we sport i can't get over our safety it's here just look at all the
people running haven't come if you booked a trip early you just might get the chance to attend the
grand opening of the largest embassy in the world there'll be dining dancing and cocktail
napkins made out of our original constitution why there will be every kind of car dealer there
a matinee and Broadway shows the shows like missile through my room featuring the cast of the
tainees spared from the gas trucks say i'm about to throw some coins in what appears to be a wishing
fountain it's actually a spurting bloody mist of an iraqi child i'll just pull these coins for my
sheets and make a wish i wish i was president of my cheeks you're going to love Baghdad
let Baghdad totally book your reservation now on the sss aittlourist should registry do by okay 1217
do we do we do we and guess what's going on again say it words university in austin texas do you see that
no one on the Cuban channels here bomb threat oh bomb grande bomb threat and so classes have been
canceled no bomb night and i can't no no shootings yet yeah they're uh now it's got to be an
epidemic now san edward's university austin texas never heard of it did you know where you didn't
now never heard of colleges uh eight hundred and fifty four votes never heard of college in where
you could use some yeah a fifty four on a pool and we're trying to get to a thousand without i
hate this pool that's just you know the whole i hate this pool thing it's it's just too typical
of a negativity that existence out for against people so depressed and suicidal and all the other crap
you know just because you're stuck living there doesn't mean you have to be depressed and more
bit about it all the time cheer up a little bit for crying out loud if they hate to pull let him go
stick it somewhere okay let him stick the old pool that's right we're the moon don't shy
that'll probably take a few more calls should we yeah i think y'all are take the temperature of
the audience you know about all this so the shootings in american crap and american graffiti
and dancing with the star stuff like that five six seven oh five fifty and pound five fifty on
what did i say five six seven oh five sixty i think i said five fifty or you can try that one
now when season you get fifty fifty yeah pretty nifty fifty and pound five sixty and
otherwise in singular wireless line well i'm out of practice i just got back yesterday
plus i had a very demanding trip wq a and hello
hey no let's say hello pulled maybe it was the best adjective to describe the shooting
ampage slaughter massacre yeah there you go we're in wq
hey hello hey i want to forget all i've done stuff what do you think is Ricky
William coming back oh there we go Ricky Ricky Ricky maybe he could lost
huh now he's staying here he likes he likes the weed in Toronto much better
he can smoke it out in the streets and i can all worry about getting busted again yeah
wq a and hello
wq a and hello i can speak to Neil speaking yes
wq a and hello a new for your portal we got to put plots to do stuff on there that's one thing
i deny liking but i secretly enjoy good good good good i'll see it i'll see it
i'll see it on you for granted me a more okay
granted me a maro he's a gun nut that's what he called he's a gun nut you know who that is i
know who that is no prostitute does let's get them on you okay something i
pretend to hate but i really secretly enjoy when a prostitute or maybe un prostitute
or maybe do a prostitute the wq a who i am hello hey Neil yes sir hey you got
pornography on that bowl that's good that's good choice
i have a good day nine back to you i guess he got a real chuck a lot of that a kind of tickled
this fancy maybe that's what he was doing oh here
portal get that on there eight fifty six see these initial choices will make damn sure we get
over a thousand easy i'll tell you one damn thing though after you know coming back yesterday
well when i got to two o'clock i thought to myself because i had to scratch you through which i
don't have today no more i don't think a little bit and i thought to myself you know that's a long
show for hours yeah well we're that president bushed parts for the Virginia Tech
convocation there goes air force one you get a mix every that he can go down here and talk a lot of
crap and he can decry all of the violence and all the terrible stuff on campuses and we're
supposed to be safe in your idiotia right in the nra saying you tell them Georgie boy you tell him
good old boy wq a hello not there on one line one does worth oh now that's that's a major
accomplishment that jolly joe bell has he's got a feather in his cap and called him acarony
wq a m hello what about people from our office it's sex
what a violent you have a factory on there don't we yeah wq a m hello
yeah how you doing okay sir okay let me tell you our outshops and you're not getting
involved in this math and the situation because there was a group rather than a spook i see okay
well i always like to square yellow button you know it's big and bright yeah that was definitely
going to get on the air okay jackass moron go back to new york don't you understand there's already
ten million losers there what's one more okay go back to new york 858 votes on the pool
five six seven and leave it to these people to be making a big joke out of this too see what i mean
no nobody it's it's just another thing another happening crap goes on just like uh
you know kids go to high pretty soon you're gonna have to have a metal detector go to the supermarket
yeah to leave to go to a public tea room you're gonna have to have a metal detector
you had to go into your house on your case i could would already imagine as one there
you know what i'm saying where where does it end where the hell does it stop already
wq a m hello
well yes sir how you doing all right one for your poll don't know if it's not
i get out of here one for the pool look look at you know there's sir i'm gonna tell you not only am i
taking that i hate this pool off of there there's no more for the pool okay that's the pool
that's the pool period where did this all come from all of a sudden and they're new and lunch
out on all these losers decided they're gonna say nothing to say they're gonna say they're gonna
wait we put prostitutes on there i don't see it i see porno's gonna vote all in the uh my bad
when i prostitute uh no more for the pool okay if you think we're gonna go back to that you
seriously you callers man you're the most pathetic creatures i have ever in in my life in my life
i could never dream that there could be any group of people with nothing to say five
million of them self-food and i bet you four point nine million of them have got a damn thing to say
thirty one years of this i've been doing still waiting waiting for somebody with something to say
have we ever had one no of course not i got one for the pool i got one for the pool i got one for
your pool okay it's called a knife a sharp knife i'm a shetty so one at oj used
wqa m hello hey how you doing i i'd like to speak to mail please speaking please
say no i do today okay how you doing all right yeah i'm close into your show and uh you know the way i
look at it you know these guns are these gun nuts that's why we have it but that's why we had to
virginia tech homicides yesterday because of these gun nuts now man we take all these guns
destroy them yeah there there you go now that's good thing you take all these guns in the
straw that's good there's that good looking kid again from a virginia tech and thankfully we're
in front of it when he when he did she they blood they blood he's a hero that kid he's
locked it or i'd like to give him a nice kiss reward just kiss on a cheek that's all nothing
personal nothing too emotional you know just like that is anything wrong with that maybe you could
blow him i guess from there from your seat
wqa m hello i've been listening i just i think i can grasp it all at once in the
thought too yes and that uh it was this guy yesterday why doesn't the army get a few of those
dudes and let them go crazy and bag that instead of here right
wqa m hello qa m ola hello hello hello hello serious serious serious
yeah wqa m hello hi vali yes sir uh weren't you a gun owner at one point
yeah that is correct okay thank you you're welcome so so what is that prove was i a gun oh yeah
during the mario boat lift 80 81 everybody had a gun yeah i used that too
nah i had a soda die i had two i used to have in my briefcase on the way to work over
so so what does that prove and i got rid of them i didn't want them around thinking about
buying the machine gun like i'm on a witness stand weren't you i got on our one time earlier right
so i once had wikid direitas i mean i want to do it again no thanks shmuck sometimes i don't
show shmuck what i'm more on and the only reason i was a gun owner is because there are
a bunch of crazy people with guns running around on the streets thanks to fidel and thanks to the
wqa's government but nevertheless you don't want to be picking on those mario and mario
leito is now doing i'm sure that there's some very fine uh upstanding mario leito people somewhere
right somewhere some work here in oslin beautiful as a mario leita mario leita see a very nice baby
brother who floated over during that whole uh not we had a brother who floated over in the
hotel i see that in the freedom flotilla my ass this whole family and little children and
everything yeah well send him back all right see it by our 800 871 votes on a poll
we'll sit over 900 by the top there we got a thousand licked okay just just relax
and everybody getting two tents two tents
oh wqa he is so bad i want to cry for him that's how bad he is i want to cry for us
really dreadful and i'm saying that to be kind because you will never ever ever have a
reason he happens to be the biggest idol jump his hair is worse than Donald Trump's fungi
what a jump the sussan jai he's just a misunderstood boy he's still on the show his it
love but that's so wrong because he's the fungi
just suck the sussan jai be terrible the sussan jai he's a highly intelligent social path who
is no fear of done i know maybe he's just acting stupid to infiltrate a gang of international
idiots he's those jumps and i gotta admit that if he wins then Simon will quit
sussan jai he's taking it he's sussan jai i hate you
he's irritating in the media or his voice sounds like nails on a top or sussan jai i hate that guy
sussan jai he's it was just weird so he can't dance and he can't sing
let's have his head what is that thing sussan jai i hate that guy sussan jai i'm gonna be hate that guy
i see that guy everybody hates ain't that really anyone votes on a pool
800 heany one and that means we got a thousand easy right because we got an hour and 20 minutes
don't hate we're kind of i want to have to go jesus k-crow and some more bad news
a high school was on lockdown around noon today and after police at a student said he had a
gun and was threatening to kill himself this is how he would hit a hills high
you ready for that all right police at the incident occurred surely before noon
and how he would hills high 50 400 sterling road there was no media information on the student
but police at the child's indie at a gun it was gonna commit suicide after classes
no other details immediately available the high school enrolls more than 2260 on students at
grades nine through twelve monkey do monkey see monkey do however that goes a lot of do do ever see a
monkey do I don't want to see it again he claimed he had a gun and was gonna commit suicide after
classes in other words I guess he wanted to get as educated as he possibly sure before he blew his
brains out might as well get a lot of information in there and then like but a bing you know you
you know how that goes hmm after you absorb all that very important information no
being your brain's along with a nice cyber league suit that's right that's right
what's probably not worrying about these suit but you never know so that's how he would
hills high and will keep my eye peeled on that see if there's any more information but this is
just uh... you know the way it goes in america monkey see monkey do everybody go out and of course
what's this high school keep doing with the gun assuming he really has one what's he doing with
the gun he probably got over there on four forty one the gun there's only one how many uh...
thousand pawn shops 30 thousand pawn shops up and down four forty one that's why every time i
mother used to say if i had a gun i'd kill myself i used to tell her to write up the corner ma
right up the corner she used to live on sterling rotor self as a matter of fact right on the other
side of four forty one for where the school is if i had a gun i'd kill myself hey ma right
over there i don't point you right in the right there in fact i'll go pick it up for you how's that
ma 85 and a pull on a award winning pool well i got another edition for your pool though you know
get lost go away go away make everybody want to die you make everybody want to vomit the world with
every human every creature that lives on land will drown in a sea of human vomit
if we have any more of these pool suggestions if you think i'm going back to that shwana rye man
you're dreaming you're in a dream world no matter how much mcgill is desperate to take a lot of
calls here today i'm sorry today well i'm not i don't like them
five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the right and singular wireless line
welcome to the mcgill isco bar show and now here's mcgill the way hello yes
you can't buy a gun at a pawn shop for fear of minor you know what is it
when they're waiting period they could go downtown Miami and probably buy one off the street
yes so and always you couldn't buy one off the street in the hollywood is that what you're telling me
are you going to get out of here go go blow your brains out okay if you can find them
i would aim in the first that'd probably be a good guess five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line wqa and hello
Jason Blink to the panthers pull our condo wqa and hello
me i got a full suggestion
wqa and hello hey Neil what's up sir
and what did you take on the mcgill shooting over and over and
so like i said wqa hello
a new sub a new business side day man uh other i know you're the four station and the other
four seven whatever stations they thought about who's a dolphin's quarterback and all that crap
might come all might give me a break
we get less go bar show hello oh yes did i start to do it Georgia's that chick please
that is qa m hello and yeah oh i welcome back sir yeah oh yeah
oh yeah i know lovely calls today i want to put a little piece in on this shooting yesterday
mhm you gotta realize a lot when i'm here on the radio they want to correct it and why did this happen
and i mean that seems the america's thing and they're always trying to protect us so much and
just sometimes stuff happens i mean you can protect yeah is the collagen against the maniac like
this and what are you gonna do yeah i mean it's as sad as it is just these things happen yeah
these are over the countries where everybody's got guns that's right and flipping over to six ten
their their saying this happened because they had a no gun policy on the campus and if
kids had guns they were took care of this guy whenever been the numbers it wasn't right that's
right if everybody had guns and we just have a big shootout now you're talking sir you're talking
nonsense okay it's a america get see the problem with most people in the u.s especially in soft
photos they're so parochial they never been anywhere and so they think i have 20 million times
this is they think this is the way that life is supposed to be they think that this is the way
works in the real world where you're not living in the real world you're living in a slaughterhouse
you're living in a place where everybody they get pissed off about something they pull out a gun
and they snuff out there's like actually also before a billion times a country where they don't
respect human life can never be a great country and you can talk all the platitudes and all the
bulk crap that you want to the u.s is a disaster country now all they know is violence importing
and exporting it and on each other no there's no value there's no way in the world that this
administration could have lied their way into a war there were 3,300 people have died and 600,000
Iraqis have died and the public would just sit back and what time is dancing with the stars on
and everything is a big joke because you're a bunch of morons that's why
pathetic you couldn't find florid on the map with you both hands and somebody else
to guide me with you with your toenail but anyway don't don't get angry with the americans man
that's bad 889 on the pool that's what counts let's add a few more on the pool
i 1240 20 before 1 to q a m
such a loser
all day i sit around and vote my love life is a bad joke i feel so stupid when i pretend
man i gotta get a real girlfriend i tried to hard i've been told but you've been such an a
holy i'm so tired of you lonely hanging with my friends playing gnd
you really really drive me crazy that i can't find anyone to date they
who wants to sit and watch how i was all day
i know that i am pretty geeky and that i come all kind of freaky but what's for sure is i need
to get me some i'm tired of nocturnal emission
yes we might need any of me a girlfriend baby i'm gonna go online and give me one right now
i thought 45 at 560 w and we have 900 and three votes on the pool not too shabby a
not at all oh i thought maybe both left or they're about it 900 people are not me man i'm
enjoying the in the intellectual input here from the audience the intelligentsia the cream of the
crap crop 5 670 560 and you know something after colabina wasn't any different i mean you know
back then we actually had a few more real calls you know back in the day but it wasn't any different
it wouldn't make any difference like i said at the beginning of the show if there would have been
300 people shot and killed yesterday it wouldn't make a bit of difference
it's just another news story it's just another talking head and there's candy cowly
gun control uh-oh you hear what she just said oh
that bitch is in big trouble she's gonna lose a lot of weight real soon i believe
5 670 560 pound 5 yeah gun control that's gonna do it now isn't it
all these years they've been wasting talking about gun control oh wow how about some gun control
no we don't want to do that because the aniray is busy pumping money in the air be damned right
when candidates ask just to make damn sure and when why because they're crazy people that's why
w2a m hello think america wake up and now we're about the mexicans with the green immigrants
w2a m hello hello niel yes quick down south Miami report
yeah it's still trying to try to become more like manhattan yeah at the presence of
psychotic people in the smell of urine is the test i think they're doing pretty well
okay that sounds good to me sounds just like manhattan yeah the big difference so between the
almost people here and there up in the york they say hey how you doing the nice down here very
very sorry one guy said i said sorry i don't have any money said you don't look like it too sorry
i kicked him out of the way yeah i just shot his ass right there
that's not nice that i'll look like it too sorry yeah so that's my little
stout report of uh good luck to you pal yeah that'll teach you go to Miami it's all i can tell
you at least the homeless people are here and they're an awful lot of miterano have a nice day
anyway a spares and change mister and you give him like a duty look have a nice day
at least some of them anyway i always say look i'm on my way to work i'm going to work now see
i used to say sorry and i used to say sorry they say sorry i don't know why sorry because they're
gonna i don't say anything now i just give him a duty looking like like that i've been over
and i fart in their face and say oh thanks a lot mister have a nice day dummy q a m hello
see i used to take sorry
i double q a m hello yeah let me tell you something you were right about what you were saying
before everything you said about the united states about all the people you are so right
you're the man nail you have a good day buddy okay great great thank you so much you said
i had a lot to say there everything you said me it was so right you're the man
go kiss some other ass okay get out of my face you've had nothing to say you're like everybody
else man go back to New York okay go back to New York now don't wait another second don't wait
a middle second get on a bus get on a gay hot bus and go to New York and go panhandle and then
905 on a pool i'm enjoying it very much good i guess i better check and see if there's any more
about that thing now you you watch the local channels you're still watching your cuban soap
offers with all that flesh yes what it's flesh now there's nothing nothing new here i
would the hills and nothing nothing new oh wait a minute oh here it is something brand new i
school was unlocked on for a short time and midday today after a student told friends he had a
gun was going to kill himself police said police said the incident occurred shortly before new
in hollywood hills high school the incident was ended by 12 30 when police said they located the
student at his home in davie they said he was on harm police were questioning his ass police said
the youth was text messaging other students cell phones this morning that he had a gun it was
going to commit suicide after class well at least that was considered he also texted a picture
of some sort of a gun then several friends noticed the students car was gone from the parking lot
well certainly if he's old enough to drive he's old enough to own a gun isn't he and kill a few
people concern friends notified teachers and school administrators who called in the police and
quickly locked on hollywood hills high and then nearby sterling elementary school police went
to the youths home and investigation continues authorities expect to release more information
later today and i'll keep you right on it man i'm right on top of it here we got our own news
department going on this show it's called my computer just like the day that day what was his name
savin flew the coop and who had it first on this radio station on the sports station yours truly did
oh god thanks to the sun sent a website thanks to the fact i got my pc sitting over here while
everybody else was running around like a chicken with their head cut off and while fat hank was
busy calling the espn because that day he was only an espn employee and not a qm employee he didn't
have it anyway remember that day oh yeah i met you in gillimembers that day i do and they're all
running around where to kneel get that from off the computer you jackass on the sunset little
website that's where i got it from just like a nine eleven oh we we gotta be talking about sports
what are we gonna say about that i remember that squeaky voice little pipskrieg guilty man pathetic
and embarrassing we gotta talk about sparse what are we gonna say about playing playing the buildings
shmuck w2a n hello nio yes listen i find it very interesting how the media balances out every major
new story on the planet okay a few weeks ago we had a bit more drug addict who was the biggest
new story of a planet then last week of course i miss it a bad word and everybody went nuts
and i wonder that if the tragedy the real tragedy of yesterday if that had happened last week
given the fact that hopefully i'll sharpen wouldn't have gotten near a television camera with
don't i'm still have a job because well now what am i gonna let me ask you this point and who cares
kids i said don i miss has been dead for 15 years as long as it's still got a job screw down
i miss get out of here go back to new york that that's my response to everybody from now on go back to
new york would don i miss still have a job thirty two innocent kids get shot and killed in and virginia
take yesterday and this guy's worried about if it wouldn't happen to previous week without sharp
to not have seen about i'm a saying naphy headed hose and yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy
show where he uses all sorts of racial language but that's okay because it's a double standard like
it always has been just like in hip-hop music you can say all the nigger and nigger and niggers and
all that other stuff you can say there's any times in every hip-hop song you want that's okay because
we be saying it but if you say it we're gonna get you fired and of course that's not what you said
anyway now i wonder in the hip-hop can you say naphy headed hose all the time no
naphy headed hose
nine oh let me ask you let me ask you this about that you like it
nine oh nine on the pool as much as i can get these people are so full of crap it just makes
people want to cry and then i realize where i am you know and i'm not there and i'm very happy
about it w.a.m. hello is this the new yoddy show yes sir i was going to give you a reason
for kneel to play the uh i paint your ball spot with uh Larry King if you got the cart
well what does that mean you're gonna give me a reason to play it what does that mean
well do it i got kneel on the phone yeah okay uh well i noticed i'm during pass over all the
Jewish guys get the way they're yamaka captain and the cover they're ball spot w.a.m. hello
as it go on great cool anyway happy pay soft by the way it's a little bit late but never too late
hello what what is it sir and nothing serious happened over at Hollywood Hills in there right today
that's correct all right thanks okay well i'm sure there's concern parents out there that's why
i figured it's important to be on top of the story let's see what's going on it's a local thing you
know twenty two hundred and some odd kids go to school there and people want to know it and
nothing happened and uh yada yada you know and just a stupid ass kid trying to start up because
he saw something happened yesterday and right away oh i'm gonna blow my brains out i got a gun
being and then what they ought to do is take him and they ought to hang his ass on the
bag pull right outside the school area you know right on steering road i've come down to witness it
is what i would do don't you think sure hang his feet on unless of course he's cute wq a.m. hello
Neil
yes sir did you hear what the gun nuts uh with their uh theory on this whole thing was that if
it was legal for all those kids to care that's right they could all have a gun they could all
blown him away right now if everybody had a gun we'd obviously we're not supposed to retarded
well what do you expect from gun nuts sir what are you what are you screaming about what do you
expect from them okay i'll come down and one other request no not for a bit but if anybody calls
oh is this Neil or oh yes we can hear please
okay now this is Miguel Q a n hello
uh me mill did you play your magic wand sound effect to get me out of my army
okay i'm working on it all right okay i played magic wand
where is it oh sorry you got it there you go you're all set Q a n hello
okay Neil yeah you know it just reminds me of like that all in a family episode just give
everybody on the plane a gun you know it's that uh huh you're all that you know the other thing is
what do we have to do get all the troops out of my rack and have military presence on
every university school every elementary school every college campus now you're talking at
least maybe they might be safe there and we wouldn't have all these dead troops that's not a bad idea
let's bring home and let them police the uh university campuses what do you say huh to start
can't believe you actually made reference to a rack can you believe that no
well if nothing else going as horrible as this incident was you notice it got the rack off the front
page you know what's that maybe they arranged it you mean like they arranged 9 11 yeah like that
9 14 man what kind of a pill do you see that on
I don't know something I claim to hate see but secretly enjoy is masturbation 205 the jury
springer show 134 the carpenters 124 Karen and Richard Karen and Dick country music 82
Neils polls 80 vanilla ice cream 80 oh god homosexuality 73 oh god rack music 36 the
Roger show 31 religion 21 Republican 16 413 horrors 12 I thought we're going to put prostitutes on
a horse on so crash and so honest and democrats only seven this is odd this is not a tumor it's the one
the two hour back in the day when someone done us wrong we didn't take their
crap in Pearl Harbor or when the jams dropped their bombs we bombed them back and now the
bodies they hit us high and on our cards are little flags wave as that's on you love and
retard voice of bombers the wrong way and of embarrass to be in America where they follow
the United States of arrogance and by Bush and his family reading at this country
have a late daughter's days and I just agreed I don't want to be a tax America
USA
what's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past if you want that SUV to drive
you're gonna need more gas it's the greatest country in the world they drain us too
and anyone who says that obviously and a four to the
but who had that embarrassed to be in America where we take triographically
with a flag in one hand with our head in the sand it lightly follows the powers that
the epic
that's a
fresh
state from you on a 65 in
screen scratcher
five everything's okay
back in balls in the USA
see I'm coming you believed that out they scratch your balls we can say balls can we
well yeah he was being you know overly cautious being a real duchy bag
Jess they'll be over the cautious chicken act otherwise we're gonna be off the
year you know we're gonna be down to a point oh like that what next one next month
hey listen if Johnny Joe Bell keeps our weave in his magic there man he's the magic man
there's a tragic the gunman suspected of carrying on now why don't they say suspected okay I'm
so sick and tired I know oh brother the alleged this the suspect of that that's S.O.B a piece of crap
well we already know who he is a choice shung hui
arrived in the US as a boy from South Korea 1992 was raised in suburban Washington
he was living on campus in a different dorm from the one where Mondays blood bath began
police and university officials offered no clues to his motive in the massacre the deadly
assuding rampage of modern US history he was a loner were having trouble finding information
about him school spokesman Larry hanker said Larry hanker who may just be a real sticker
professor Carolyn Rude chairwoman of the university's English department said she didn't
personally know the government which he said she spoke with Lucinda Roy the department's
director of creative writing who had children of her class to describe him as troubled
troubled well whatever the hell that means that's professor Carolyn Rude and Lucinda
excuse me but I sure was quite a project wouldn't it there was some concern about him Rude said
sometimes it created writing people reveal things and you never know if it's greater if they're
but we're all alert to not ignore things like this she said show well whatever that means
she said show is referring to the counseling service but she said she didn't know when or what
the outcome was Rude refused to release any of his writings his grades his shoe size his
size anything else of course he's South Korean uh oh 17 people still in the hospital by the way
they're showing more footage from yesterday I think everybody had prevent leading again
927 votes on the pool is there any doubt will make that thousand a Mr. Amigur
no is there any doubt new see what I tell you and that's without I hate this pool see what we're
doing it's like potty training we have to retrain right here and we train ourselves it was like a
crutch you know when you have I hate this pool you got like 20 percent that's a whole chunk of
votes there man that's a big chunk of votes that's easy pickings that's like these people who have
a call up and have nothing to say I got one for the pool that's not a phone call that's not a
comment that's not a call to a talk station that's a pile of crap is what that is you idiots you
who do it takes you draw with these people now what the hell is this angel in the net this uh oh
the hottest commodity is today's information well that's good stick away to moon don't shine
angeline more span on my blackberry how do you like that shame then that we huh maybe they
if you paid me by the by the bite w a m hello how you doing yes sir what is it George no it's
Neil one talking George no no no it's my hammer name my hammer how you doing I'm good what kind
of a phony on my hammer you come from like the Middle East or something no it's our it's our
terrorists the satellite dish man how you feeling my hammer I've been feeling yeah I'm doing good
my face and the control but you I'm doing fine very good what is it from you I'm
afraid you do or not in does any more I'm what are you are you from then I'm in Toronto man I'm in
by the second my hammer listen it's great here for me get a new phone I'll talk to you again take
here and he's fishing around do some business you know let's put me up another satellite dish
probably an illegal one you know no more set no more dishes from the see I only have two sets of
dishes milking and flesh it's okay because I want to keep kosher like Gary's sonner I want to be a
real firm and Jew I want to start being observant just in case when the grim reaper calls and I get
to the the early gates and all other baloney you know my real hot thought and I got my
mousinial to my big toe and all this other crap you know what's your garbage all you know
what am I told you all of this stuff that goes on you know all that's why I'm so glad that I
always years ago I finally said to myself I might as well fart into a wind storm it's in here
on the radio especially in this town I'll make sure we can't hear it like change the world okay
have a few laughs have a good time get laid as much as you can and that's about it you know
just may do the best you can enjoy life that's my best advice to each and every one of you
is enjoy life because all the rest of it is bull crap bull crap it's corruption it's lies it's
deceit it's killing and maiming and wounding and whatever all of these things and the last thing
don't forget about them wqa m hello wqa m hello hey maybe it's good to have your back but you
know you need to step doing all that wqa m hello me girl come onita
qa m hello yeah no this is the main wqa m hello hey Neil yes
yes a Neil nice to have you back but if there's two things I want to say to you Neil yeah okay one
I'm sure that guy the guy would be shooting I think I'm a racism that's the main reason why
how do you know that yeah because you know to really treat those people Neil okay yeah okay
number two is goodbye that's number two comma wqa m hello how does master the
you schedule wqa m hello i said Georgia's gay qa m hello
hello i miss George wqa m hello
you schedule wqa m hello i said Georgia's gay
just in case they missed the first time qa m hello hey Neil yes
wqa m hello hey Neil yes
last week was by cabin open heart surgery without anesthesia listen and
you know i'm glad you enjoyed Georgia show wqa m hello
qa m hello
hey hola great to hear you yes how you know today everything fine everything's fine actually
my friend i noticed that you were you know raven about a overman what's happening with
overman did you have a change of heart Keith overman went to the MSNBC management and demanded
that dying must be fired for his nappy headed whole comment and Keith overman can suck
four hundred pounds of elephant droppings for my part and can go to hell that's what happened with
Keith overman did i have a change of heart all this ranting and raven about bush and about all
losing of freedoms and about democracy and all this other crap and here's a guy who's supposed
go back to doing sports crap key for you belong okay and if we're telling uh what is it yes
good good that's where he belongs well not completely that's where he belongs okay
okay back talking about ball games just like a lot of people we got talking about ball games i
noticed this morning that Kenny was interrupting the uh conversation about the NFL draft and about
the hundred and eighty five pound and two hundred and forty five pound the linebacker with a big uh
knee cap long enough to mention OG and other talking about gun control this thing that happened
yesterday and but a beep but a boob but you see this is the sad part of it you know if you
want to do a sports show in the morning do a sports show don't pretend to be something else
and what's the deal with the chick of the day now is that a new deal is that like chickfully
with a chick of the day what's that all about same chick well what's that about that's our
chick on the show oh she's a regular on the show with a wise he'd say thanks for stopping by well
she does it's not a regular so she just stops right when she feels like it well what does that
mean it means she's welcome there whenever she wants some others we got a show where the people
just show up whatever the hell they feel like it and it's not like anybody knows who's going to
be on the show she can show up whenever she wants yeah everybody here thanks and agrees with that
I see she could visit this show to maybe might attract a couple listeners they sure can't hurt
937 on a pool now we still need 63 and 48 minutes this is going to be a little bit closer than we
thought a little less than four there Miguel in his vote tabulation never take anything for granted
okay never get to complacent with his crowd 63 votes 48 minutes can we do
the O'Rodgers God
like
men that change very straight talking about men all day now that's gay yeah that's gay
very good
for that there are students asking friends of Virginia Tech to update their profiles on Facebook and
say they're okay senior always pooping my space in Facebook and Facebook and all these things
all of these things I don't know anybody I'm on it right now reading what's his name's story
there that he just sent me Ricky he just sent you the story yeah he said thanks for the words
of encouragement we're both doing wonders for is you know mood and condition and he sent me
the story just so that I would be up to date which I thought was very nice of it is his
incredible story is that enough to make you want to blow your brains out I'm only halfway through
it and no it's not enough to blow my brains out because let me say it again he's free that's what I
just keep count your blessings man if the audience doesn't understand this is one of our my
space friends oh there we go with my space again he's 24 he's a good kid yeah so loyal listener
a great guy and I've been confabulating with him on air for you know a few weeks now very regular
and he just you know thought he had his girlfriend that he was all obsessed with in fact before
the weekend what I said I'm nothing I was just groaning and before the weekend he told me about
his plans I was over an Amsterdam I was still you know confabulating with my regular people and I
said I wish it the best the luck hope you have a great time hope you get laid whatever you
are and as you can see it turned into a disaster as I will see when I finish reading it but however it
is somebody he met online it was somebody he had met in pre-alcohol which I also attended with
my daughter so we might have you know seen each other you might have rubbed out and not even known
right we could have been standing right next to each other I should I might have been like your daughter
stay away um but let me say it again you got your life
I thought you had a good friend yeah well let's see his resume
he got his life he's got a fine rest at his world ahead of him
948 votes we need 52 and 41 winners I enough that I want to interrupt so he sent you the story too huh
yeah and what did he say he sent me a little initial paragraph uh explaining you know
everything and then he cut and pasted the story that he sent to uh somebody else so that he
wouldn't have to retip it right right he sent me something to me two paragraphs into it so
I'm jumping out the window on a sodium press where he and not
in fact CC speaking of my space there was a dark conflicted listener just to send me this message
he says my president sure has a lot of nerve he's going to show up in Virginia tech and make uh the
whole thing all about him rather than about those kids suffering well what else is new he could give
a shmit about the soldiers dying every day he wants everybody to know he's got big ass balls
I'm not impressed CC says during Katrina he didn't even bring a case of bottle of water to lose
but he'll show up for a hug in a photo I'm not impressed hey bush you bitch you want to impress me
how you should know about your country and about the people who live in it let me read that sentence
again since you were chuckling over it hey bush you bitch you want to impress me give a shmit
about your country and the people who live in it I know with all the hoopla over words these days
I'm not supposed to say the b word meaning bitch but if truth hurts say out's dammit
yeah isn't good enough bitch thank you Neil a man among men in the start amongst us
his CC how do you like that is that nice
yeah in fact I'll even go out and watch this nice it's very nice very nice
five six oh I got a story here I got to get in even though my girl be up second I'm gonna read it
go ahead former and thank you so much former intelligence officials confirmed the associated
press yesterday a Le Mans newspaper report that Francis Ford and intelligence service had
heard about an al-Qaeda plot which was likely to involve a US Airplane the French
paper also reported that France confirmed the CIA prior to the in excuse me the French paper
also reported that France informed the CIA prior to the attacks at 9.11 in which nearly 3000 people
were killed however it's uncertain whether the intelligence was alluded these specific plot
hatched at 11 the external intelligence service wrote a total of nine reports between September 2000
and August 2001 on al-Qaeda threats against the West and passed all them on to the CIA's
Paris Bureau a French newspaper be saying Le Mans based its report on 328 pages of classified
documents leaked by DGSE sources showing that our some of it loves the network had been infiltrated
by foreign agents long before the 9.11 attacks in a five day in January 5th 2001 also seen by
agent France press the DGSE said a word of a plan to hijack a plane bomb for the US from Frankfurt
and Germany and take it to Kandaher in Afghanistan Pierre Antoine Lorenzi the former chief of staff
of the agency director at the time said you remember the note and they mentioned only they
got lines of a hijacking plot nothing that foreshadowed the scabbled 9.11 attacks he said
the former French intelligence official told the AP it wasn't about a specific airliner specific
day it wasn't a precise plot according to Le Mans the documents included notes reports
ratio of synthesis charts graphs flow charts satellite photos gathered between July 2000 and
October 2001 but nevertheless we could never have known could we could they
no and we're worried because Don I'm a said nappy headed hose on the air because Anna Nicole
Anderson both died because there are a couple of junkies and all of this stuff you know
glad we got our priorities all straight now 9.49 man this thing is slow down to a crawl now on the
pole I think they're playing with us we need 51 votes in 37 minutes I thought the ratio was
going pretty good there for a while and I'm clicking at view current thing you know and out of
damn things have it a 9.50 they're coming in by the ones that's not going to cut at 50 votes in
37 minutes you see how they like to toy with my emotions on this crap yeah but I'm glad that
Ricky you're saving that story now you through my video you know or you kidding we're doing a
radio show over here I'll read during the breaks we're doing a radio show over here look I might
make time to text you know somebody might have an adulterous relationship with but I'm not going
to say her and read a story on my space during the radio show well that's outrageous I think
you're gonna hurt Ricky's feelings he understands how the hell do you know he understands he might
be a little peo to you 9.50 on the pole by the way it's just it's just sitting there on 9.50 I
think I think everybody's gone that's it and we did they shut it off we got a Marlon game coming
on or what no I was in the Astros tonight by the way ad Houston don't have to worry about going to
the ballpark not that you'd go anyway all big debate over Virginia text handling of the crisis
there's no question they handled it just brilliantly just assume this and they assume that it was
isolated incident and then they told kids to go back into the dorm and you know just go back
in your house and make babies like Martha Jean the Queen would say in Detroit during the riots in
67 or like they told people in the World Trade Center go back it's safe go back inside remember that
how could we forget yes I think Eric is playing with my emotions here I think he's frozen up you know
oh 9.50 too just a small chunk like the kind you get out of your nostril when it's only like
partially plugged up you know you put your finger over one nostril go oh oh oh oh man that's how
it really now yeah moist 9.52 and they're putting the screw to you mister if we don't get to a
thousand by because you were the one it said let's not do that I hate that stuff anymore yeah
and now 9.56 we need 44 votes in 35 minutes and the beat goes on the beat goes on that was
a some you share it wasn't horrible horrible horrible horrible yeah you're gonna have to hear an awful
song you know when Sunny Bono had that skiing accident he went into the tree and died and croaked
that was a great day for the human race yeah I never huh I didn't mind it oh you thought this
was a good song no no I didn't mind him hitting the tree oh yeah me too I mean to
write up for the poster the beat goes on with a little help from my friend kill him shoot him we don't
like the music shoot him that's America for you know if you sing a bad song if you do a crappy
your concert they're gonna shoot your ass that's all oh look at that the police said we thought
initially the dorm shooting was a domestic situation you always make a lot of assumptions is a good
one some crazy person with a bunch of guns is on the loose and their shootings were on always
assume this or assume that and always take plenty of time before we inform the students to
batten down the hatches that there's a crazy person with gun on the loose and you're maybe
gonna get killed unbelievable
please be well done to slide me for the best days no limit see no mercy no my friend
this is your identity on your list is sending the white house of some peanut
push this bridge and you play the little leader better than the one you're playing
with the meter there's your sub-eat up on your list and then the white house of some
peanut push this bridge and you play the little leader better than the one you're playing
with the meter there's your sub-eat up what's 31 we certainly don't want to offend anybody
that's her damn sure right Keith you jackass you you go back to do it on ball scores okay
something that you know something about how pathetic he's gotta be fired did it you know
that reminds me of oh yeah not what I thought you just love that people in the business when they
run around trying to get other people fired into the door no I love it good material anyway
that is and the interesting part is we're still here again paychecks and last time I checked he
was still like I is he still on 850 doing some kind of a funky stuff on a weekend or what does
Miguel I don't know I don't know either you don't know you're the you're the local radio guru
mister myster mr. myster and you don't know what that means he's about his obscure
even more sure than default because you know that default was still on across the street
default is on our early morning not early enough he ought to be on when everybody's asleep
well that's basically it yeah kind of like a rock solid like him see 965 votes on the pool I think
we'll do it it's gonna be intense we need 35 votes in 28 minutes yeah it's just barely over one
minute if a legendary show like this can even without I hate this pool although it's not going
anywhere still if I was keep clicking at view current I'd be better off wouldn't I although it's
still says 965 damn it I don't know what it is I think it's something you did what did you say
what did you do that totally audience again it's still yeah me I'm a girl I think you did it
comedy stuff guess right when a guy called and said Miguel Escobar Comanista at that point everybody
just dropped the radio and ran for it it's still stuck and I think Eric is poaching with it you
know he's done that before after he did that hard research earlier about the I hate this pool
still that was pretty interesting it's still stuck on 965 we're never going to get to a thousand at
this rate unless you people start coming through and clumps okay even if you don't have an opinion
or just lie lie about it for Christ's sake do it for Jesus what would Jesus vote
something I claim to hate and secretly enjoy is masturbation to allow Jesus shares how
wouldn't do that the jury's springer show 137 Jesus would be cut dead watch in that the
carpenters 129 he might listen to that a little bit you think kind of mellow sure when you
kind of a mellow fellow with sandals with virgin was a carpenters that's right well no his father's
daddy was a carpenter wasn't it but he was a carpenter too yes he was I never knew that
Joe the guy nailed niels pulls 89 country music 85 right on my ass vanilla ice cream 83 homosexuality
76 rap music way down 38 neo-rodger show 32 religion 23.0 20
horrors 19 republican 17 democrats 7 967 we need 33 votes in 26 minutes
now ordinarily I wouldn't be at least bit concerned about that the seeing the way seeing the way
that these aren't coming in a jug and it clumps the way they often do and I keep refreshing I keep
clicking at view courting and it still stays the same 9 68 there's one there's one I think that's
what I'm assuming when to visit the Rutgers women's a basketball team there's one naphy headed
whole 9 70 now see now now they're starting to make some sense coming in chunks 9 71 let's kind
of all the way down to 1000 what do you say or take a bunch of good calls wq a m hello
hey yeah i knew a guy from the he went to school with sonny bowdo yeah and this guy told him that
everybody at school thought that uh that sonny was a fruitcake fruit you mean the game all yeah
maybe share with just the breer she was sure that you're masculine one on that period no question
about that everybody thought that sonny was gay fruitcake how do you like that for a term fruitcake
so you can come on here and say fruitcake knocking on the baguettes and stuff like that and it's
totally my ass but if somebody goes on and says naphy headed the hose on the i'm a show then right
away they're going to get their ass can see the separate service I bet your harvester is going to
trace that last call and come and blow your house down sir or something wq way and hello
good afternoon sir yes sir as I heard your comments earlier about Keith Holerman just
to the whole background he has been trying to get i'm a soft that station per three years off
that network how is that based on what they don't get along and like each other and if i
can compare and contrast you and Alex Bennett okay it was more or less that kind of uh you know
that they didn't get along they never got along it goes sleep back so all I think he did was strike
while the iron was yeah they just stabbed him in the back well you know and I can't think of a
better target the years I'm a system audible you know what I mean yeah and he should have been
off the year 15 years ago but the idea that somebody on the network goes in trying he gets him
fired because they hate each other like poison I'm sorry I'm not buying it I'm off his list he's
off my list he can go to hell I don't hate that crap the worst people in this business are the
people that pull crap like that and I used to get accused of that all the time oh Neil got this
one canned and that one can and this one showed you all the time and never happened ever once
never once I remember the day that boy Gary came in and said to me how much do you hate Joey
Reynolds I said I don't hate anybody what is that oh well he wants to come back we want to put
him back out a weekend I said do whatever you want I don't hate him what do I what do I have to do
with it remember those days yep always getting the cues got this one sandbag the one or whatever
I just get my opinion that's all and if they don't like it too freaking bad nine 80 on a pull we're
going to make it now we can make it and I think it's because I said Jesus a few times and I said
something nice about all Jesus I think that's what got us through baby you can't praise Jesus
enough praise the Lord man and see the right issue that the way it goes praise the Lord and pass
this and you should either order all in religious nuts all these fundamentalists lunatics spreading
spying hate and bile and vulgar swill can't even spit it out although
981 see that coming in very nicely now and what do you know something there must be nothing else
going on in the world because I've been sitting here since 815 is formerly I always amary 25
whatever it was I have I don't recall seeing any other story about any other thing
high school there was field high school in the area and he was an undergrad here at Virginia
attack a senior he was ugly boy he was really ugly maybe maybe that's why I got pissed off maybe
that's why I had that domestic problem see there isn't any indication there wasn't any domestic
altercation first they were saying that they assumed that they had no idea they just figure
well he's ugly in the bitch dump them you know or maybe it was his boyfriend maybe he was
a fruitcake who knows wouldn't that be ashamed that's that's all I need you know
that's all these so-called gay community needs now let me just say it one more time okay just
to clarify for the audience that maybe you know are getting really tired of all this crap and I
am too travel take a gun hold up a store use that money and travel to somewhere else in the world
and then you'll see this doesn't go on oh yeah we get stories like you know it's happened and it
happened in Germany in school that time remember that in Russia but generally speaking day in and day
out when you travel like in western Europe nobody has guns in Italy for example you go to a
Roma baby and they police you and they caught up in the air they have the guns nobody else has gotten
in the soldiers they got guns nobody else has guns and I told you that's true one day we were
coming out of the restaurant in Rome and there were a couple women screaming and yelling and
tourists you know and there had been a son of a gunshot which is totally unexpected and some
puncture of had gotten a gun and he was he was just shooting up in the area wasn't shooting it
anybody he was just like some kind of a protest you know some crap they're always protesting
and he shot fired off a shot in the year and right away everybody started panicking and the cops
came from every direction you have never seen so many policia in your life every kind of cop
uh... you know police you have got a knee at the uh... shlupers uh... every kind of outfit in uniform and they
dragged his ass into this like uh... alleyway and uh... you know that was the end of that
and I guarantee they took the gun and they beat the living snot out of his ass I could be wrong about that
you thought I want to say fallen ricky story it's just it's just it's very rare people don't need
guns civilized people don't need guns animals barbarians people are not respected for human life
they need guns they want guns because that's uh... the whole life but uh... what if you want to shoot
somebody that's right then you need to get
right then and you know where most of the guns in canada are imported from what do you think most of
them come from
fell a rickie i want to shoot this bitch i tell you what uh... don't don't even say that don't even make
the joke out of that
so you finish reading that story uh... tragic you know someone you know because he's got his
pictures on their he's a young guy there's nothing wrong with his good guy unless he's got six
toes or something that we're not seeing he doesn't need to be taking any kind of crap off
of anybody male or combo some bull-like bitch exactly now i'm curious though is he going to stop
it sonic i'm an extra over there what if he does he i want one of those sourdough baking cheese burgers
please with uh... potato pancakes nine eighty nine on the pool we got only eleven to go to a thousand
then we can breathe easy
you've been working on that uh... you're waiting to die in the house absolutely
well i don't show you what a big ass and i was to your hand how
welcome
don't you get quite somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants
are you lazy
very no chance i'll have to be coming back
outside of considering a lucrative and counteract
and
if you want to know what i said you're from shunned that transmitted the ground
why that's easy
sure
all she needs is
oh
here's
oh
oh
she needs is now
huh
every moment
all she needs is a show
it's a joke
oh
oh
she's still a kid
i think your old dream trust only got you today
huh
they said my ratings have bottomed out in this case
which video has everybody doing the thing
is the law
and
we did
yeah
all she needs is now
now we can
all she needs is now
yeah
yeah
all she needs is a show
and so
well
oh
oh
we'll fight a way
that's only a given
are you going to go fight me
okay
147
13 to 2
mad dog coming up at two o'clock and then we got the hump
or animat dog between four and five
hump or at american airlines arena at the triple air
arena that was yesterday
hump or in the studio five is seven
how come i'm reading mondays i don't want to start over again
and then you're working this friday
so that means i got a nice short week
that would by Wednesday tomorrow what i got a lick i think you know
and i think i'm looking at
wouldn't be the first time that's what i heard
996 on the pool by the way 996 i'm going back to a hamster dam
and get it and get in my licks
i'm root 56
and check out some
997 now we need just three more votes
there's neildymic all of southern nursery conic junior people had
nobody wants to hear
anymore you know any more
the bush administration's allies in congress yesterday blocked a bill
that would require the white house to disclose locations of secret prisons
run by the cia in a reveal the amounts been annually by the american
intelligence agencies a
the vote on the intelligence bill was a blow to senate democrats newly in
control of congress who had hoped that they would be able to extract more
details from the white house about some of the most widely debated intelligence
programs begun after those nine-level attacks
after that deal went bad between the bush isn't been lodging you know
opponents of legislation led by senator jim de minted south kirline and
republican one of the support is that it prevent the bill from going to the
center for for final vote but congressional official seven negotiations over
the measure would continue uh... today and democrats said they were still
hopeful to be a conventionally passed whenever find out because all they're
talking about is uh... you know what
did kids at virginia tech
i mean granted it's a huge story in a tragic story in horrendous and grotesque
and it's his american example pile like i told you
but uh... nevertheless there must be something else going on the world but i
guess no
nine ninety seven i do you think we're gonna have that thousand if i refresh
this baby if i hit that big or think don't tell me
don't tell me
nine ninety nine oh baby
that is really heavy duty nine ninety nine
i click it again view court it's there's another vote on there still nine
ninety nine
today they always do this to me it's like they like they perform in concert
you know what i mean right like it's an organized bunch of crap
so i do it again one more time speaking of the molemyster
still nine ninety nine see that we got a little minutes to go for one vote
on and you know what else is coming up at two o'clock i'm gonna go get ice
cream so i have to watch the book speaking don't do that
would don't do what ice cream
mmm said you got all fat over there in european well one ninety cut the crap
well how can you do that if you don't have no ice cream nine ninety nine it's
just up there just it's not moving i think Eric frozen
somebody out there's got a cast of what i have a thousand and one
yes
oh
thousand and one space Odyssey is that great or what
well half a space Odyssey anyway did i ever finish reading this thing well
it's not that important you know it's it's not that important in the overall
scheme of our lives what is important so you finish reading a rickie's
hotel of old area and i reply to him during that break there it started with
hey rickie and it ended with feel better and there were a lot of f and s words
in between really yeah well you're the man to give him i mean i tried my best
to keep him calm and cool because i was so concerned about him i might not have
a single story that's quite so uh chock full of nuts is his
yeah but certainly i have many many stories
right and one of them is uh you know still not over
really yeah we can hear about while i'm still married aren't i see
well no i mean i did my best to try to well you know bring him to earth and
calm him down and uh you know be a good friend i've got like i would say
five people on there out of what do we got 1323 alleged i've got five people on
there who i can favor they with on a very regular basis one who i know
personally who's uh the greatest in the universe
and then four other people who i converse with only online
and i think are all great people and that's it that's not a very high
percentage would you say no five people out of 1323
and i do basically try to respond virtually everybody although i will say
i have a new uh and it's got to be a fake i mean just nobody looks that good
it wasn't naked though i have a new friend that came on just a couple hours
or go and did mention somebody from south africa some young guy
from south africa his profile looked legit you know i mean i look to see if
they're like living and breathing real other people on there and look legit it's
just that he looks so good you know i mean by that no what do you mean what i
mean is that sometimes when people look too good to be true it's because
they're not oh it means like a modeling picture that they cut and paste it
no it wasn't a modeling picture at all it was just a
he had a bunch of regular pictures and it seemed like a i don't know but what's
the guy in south africa doing uh and he's 18 years old and married
he's got a wife you know uh maybe that's how they do it over there in south africa
i know how they do it i think they do it the same way there is everywhere else
although you never know it is weighed down under down yonder i don't think i'm
going to be going there anytime soon
thousand fifteen votes on the pool i'm not even going to waste my time giving a
result this bowl was fine and if i hear i will guarantee you if we would have
had i hate this pool on there it would have had boku votes you know i mean by
boku i don't know what that really means many a lot and i know what i know what it
i know what it means sees is god oh you said you don't know well i'm just you
know i'm just talking crap you think i don't know what but why would i have
said it if i didn't know what it meant i don't know because you hear other
people say it like what's doing what's the word oh man good word
taking advice from you don't listen to him or he hasn't had any idea what he's
talking about okay he's just a bitter old spick that's all he is the only
birthday game was uh the same as you all he's been in half Jewish how do you
like that he's a jubin yeah although he's never told me which you know you can
be one hundred percent both you know he never told me which
it's day i have five six oh
wql
come on let's get some gods and kill some people what do you say the american
African way let's go out and do it all right
here's the brand new theme all the kids are learning to play now
let's head for four buyers we'll stop it sonic on a way
in every big city all across the U.S. and they now
it's called get yourself some hardware and both the other fellow
away you know four buyers are really close to Naples Joyce
it's Joyce
oh
there
I'll bring the rain, see the first heat on your black
That the clouds doesn't carry away
And I'll wait out the caravan way
So what if Johnny can't breathe
He can still join the NRA night
Now the NRA
If that stun stun stun
Take it all, blow each other away
Stun stuns may have
If that stun stun stun
Up there on the streets
Today on stun stun
Up there on the streets
Today
What I expect, I can't believe I came up with another short
I'm the back side of the night
I'm the back side of the night
Can you believe that?
I believe it
But you're all excited
Came up a little bit short
Well I guess so
So yeah we did the televerkitty good life
Move on with your life
Where you get this the bitch and move on
And cut the crap
Did you send him a nice message in time?
I did
Keep your chin up
That's right
Always tell me, keep your chin up
Keep your guard up too while you're at it
Keep your guard up
Keep your right guard
And your left guard
Oh yeah
Right
And also keep your
But not too high
And not like a jockey
You ever notice how the jockeys
The first part of the race they're like
Asses like straight up in the air like that's for aerodynamics I guess
When in doubt, air it out
Is that what you're trying to say?
I always say air on the side of caution
And we got a thousand twenty six votes but who's counting
Bye bye bye
