Fort Greer radio is what the Q4UL!
Yeah!
Good bad, the Gell!
You did your job real well, but
That's not what they're looking for
At Beasley Reed
You were in satisfying search and fees
Right-loyal sport, whole-magory
High-priced scintit penises
We think very highly of you to hear the red BBGI
But I'm afraid we're gonna have to let you go
Hey, what the heck?
A better job you'll get
We're at least you'll get a chance
I'm on the way
From the sport, whole-mags that can get you
You failed!
Your friends make sure that they're fast enough to give you
Alright, the bullet also I can tell you the Gell!
Oh, yeah!
I just hope you'll want to do it
Or a sin, or whatever
It's a 10 or 205 or 60WQM Happy Tuesday all on the A's stay, uh, Huryo
Okay
Whatever that means
It's the 10th of July, see
Hey, and we're gonna make a thousand votes on the poll today
Now, what are you gonna tell me on the air, Chris, or off the air?
Oh, uh, Josh wants to say he needs a check
It's in the mail
It's already on the way
See, I told you it was really important
It's already on the way
Let me say it again, mailed it on Friday
It's on the way, mailed it to George, though
A George might just sign Josh's name on the back
He might endorse it as Josh quarters
Because George needs that grand, you know
Yeah, at least
So if it doesn't show up Josh, I'd beat up George, okay?
Tom Jicke gives me another little mention here
It's not even a stoch, not a shot
How do you like that?
And this Q&A column yesterday?
Now, obviously nobody is reading that
Because we didn't get any faxes in the, uh, of this, did we?
Nope, nope, see
Nobody reads your stupid column, Tommy
Question, I would appreciate knowing where or on what station
Great Viewed Dell is now working
Oh yeah, I think it's Amaco
Answer, Viewed Dell has a show on the station in Montgomery, Alabama
He says it can be heard on the way back
Alice961.com
His goal is to someday return to Miami
He jokes that he wants to be the one who takes over Neil Rogers
Show whenever Neil decides to step down
That is not going to happen
Says, little Tommy
That's not my comment, that's Tom Jicke's comment
That is not going to happen
Very first vacation on your part, little Tommy, it is not going to happen
And I would suggest you are probably...
Absolutely correct
They hate you Greg
They don't like guys named Greg in this market, okay?
Greg, we, Greg, you know
Guys named Greg, you've never made it too good
They remember Grego?
Yeah
Oh, I think Grego oughta hook up with bowl camera
They could do a show about the smells in the tea room, you know
And actually, uh, Christel's made a little spire report
They really had the right wing born again, Bible thumping, homophobic, mirror for Lauderdale, Jim Nagel on your wrist in the morning show
It's homophobic, expressed in the morning baby
That's what the sports nerds want, even though these are guys who take showers together naked
And slap each other on the ass, or with their hand, with a towel, with whatever accoutrement they can get their hands on
See, when a guy has his hand, and another guy's ass, you know, there's only one word that comes to my mind
Yeah, that's correct
I mean, I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so
Anyway, we'll get to that whole thing about, when he'll hang up, what did it say?
Then he'll decide to, uh, whatever, step down
Here's a great story, an 11 year old girl was charged with drug and driving after leaving police on the chastened speeds of up to 100 miles an hour
That ended when she flipped the car in Alabama Beach town
11 year old girl know us
A video camera in the police car captured the look and surprise on the office of his face when he approached the wreck car and got a look at the motorist
The mobile press registered newspaper said the patrolman saw the Chevy Monte Carlo, why you still have a couple of those?
One of which, uh, I don't want to go into a whole thing about it
Because then I'd have to take the dealer down there in South day and they kept accusing me of using a legged gas and it or something like that
Because it had no acceleration, you'd put your foot through the floor and just would barely move
Yeah, it had issues, Monte Carlo, nice cars though, remember those?
Sure, they looked nice
They still make him?
I think so
Speeding and flashed his lights to signal the driver to stop instead the car spread faster
Travelling it up to 100 miles an hour before its size swiping another vehicle
And flipping over the girl post town of Orange Beach, Alabama Tuesday night
The young driver who lived in nearby Perdido, Key, Florida, was treated at a hospital for a script in bruises and released relatives
Police also charged her with speeding, leaving the scene of an accident and reckless endangerment
Carbologna relative and police were still trying to find out where she got the booze
There was none in the vehicle but her blood alcohol level was over the limit for adult motorists
While she was just having a good time as a...
She was out there right...
That's what they call a joyride, okay?
Maybe she got motivated by...
She got inspired by Paris Holtin, you think?
Let's only pray not
Or here's a poll suggestion, it says if QM had a...
Oh, this is cute
Held a competitive eating contest among the staff and tell who would you bet on to win
The beast, the Humper, it says prohibitive favorite
Kim Bo camper, Neo, George Rodriguez, the Dark Horse or Chris
I tell you I was the Dark Horse
I always tell you were kind of like pasty and very wife but I answer you the Dark Horse
I guess they ain't never seen you
No, they would see my ass
That's a pretty weak but we might go with that
Raymond Burr was Canadian
Alright, whatever
I mean I knew he was Canadian
But I know he was Canadian
But no he was Canadian
I did not know he was dead
Poor Moe man
I think we injured his life once he found out that Raymond Burr was gay
Not a guy like that, not a macho guy, not Perry Mason, not the iron side
He used to macho to be gay
But he just after that he was never the same again
Here's the poll from yesterday that George had
591 votes, we already have 685
Yeah already
Then, then, then, then, then, then
Of course I started this poll on 6 o'clock last time
Hey, let's not try to like show off
We are the poll experts, it's about all we got going anymore
And to show us what Tom Jicke says
Now that I should hang it up so Greg Badella can come in and take my job
Hey Greg, the audience just spices you
Whether you're in Alabama, whether without a banjo on your names
Pretty obvious from reading that answer there that Tommy's been in contact with Greg Badella
He called him up I guess
He still, you know, he still fantasizes that he's a talk show host
Just like a footy, how's his talk show coming by the way?
Oh, I guess what?
Mancow's still got a, in the book
Per
I'm sure impressed by that, even with all those billboards
He's still got a point something
Oh!
Here's the poll from yesterday, George asked
What should be come of the N-word?
Now that's not because they were all doing this so we're going to bury the N-word
Very because of the funeral, that's right, the funeral for a friend
That is the funeral for the N-word
How about a funeral for the people who had the funerals when I say?
Because what they were really trying to tell us was
I have no life
What should be come of the N-word?
591 votes, it should be okay for anyone to use openly for any reason, 210, that's what I voted
It's a word, baby, I'm all for a really real free speech
Not make-believe free speech, not airzots free speech, not whenever you feel like it, you can say maybe what's on your mind
Free speech, okay?
If you want to say the N-word, you go ahead and say it
You say it, not me
Well, that's what I voted for, but never before
I should never be used by anyone for any reason, 1804, that was a very respectable, well I know my seri respectable
Very solid, second
Rock solid, that's right
It should be okay for anyone to use it openly but not as an insult, 107
Well, I don't think that the- I don't even know
I don't know how they're using it because I don't listen to that rap crap
But I do like what's your name though, Rihanna
Right
It should only be used when there are no black people around 60, well there are the ones who are using it for Christ's sake
Who voted- what kind of morons voted on that?
In other words, it's okay to say it, but just behind their back, like if bow camper is used to see-word, you know, if it's like said, cool or something like that
And it should only be used by black people and guess how many said that?
About third man
In other words, you can say it, like faggot, you know, it's okay for faggot to say that, like me, you faggot
But if straight people say that's bad
You fag
Speak
What a giveaway
Yeah
Anyway, here's today's poll results so far
Oh, well they're all whipped up about this little plane crash in Orlando
There are three people injured and two people- was anybody dead or I didn't see that thing
I would assume so
Couple of houses and they're all whipped up about that in Sanford, no less
Sanford is where they used to have the racetrack, harness track, and then there was that castleberry
I get confused
Do you know the difference? I think it was castleberry
And then they had the dog track there
I don't think they got it no more when Sanford, up by Orlando
Small plane crashed and there are like two houses just- the interesting part of it is the one house is like burned to the ground
They're putting out the fire
And the house next to it, it didn't even have like a scratch on it
When that piss you off
If your house like that smashed into by a plane
Aircraft and then caught on fire and burned to the ground
And your next door neighbor's house is clean and pristine
That must have been the house with not adequate insurance
Oh is that it?
Yeah, that's how they do it
It probably a set up deal
705 votes already on today's poll
It's not a bad poll, who's as a Charlie B again?
It's another Charlie B poll
Hey Charlie your polls are fine but quit sending me stupid emails on my space
Oh he sent me something, I forget what it was about
Oh it was about Hank
It was a gratuitous shot at the Humper for eating again
You know and how we got all ballooned up like that
And got up to 800 pounds, stuff like that
That's bad Charlie B, okay?
Quit picking on the Humper, my good close buddy
You see on today what's on the schedule of it before we do the poll?
Mad Dog at two, yes he is on
The power hour, time to take a shower naked with Mad Dog and a Humper 4 to 5
What a thought that is
Hank from 5 to 7 then we got Dolphins, Miami Dolphins all accessed from 7 to 8
It's abbreviated because we got the Major League Baseball All-Star game
And it declined tonight, any entries in that?
No, well I'll be watching, listening, paying any attention?
Who cares?
And we had the Home Run Derby last night, wow
I mean there's the Kentucky Derby but there's the Home Run Derby
That's really important stuff
Here's the poll, now that Bob Barker and Rick Shaw are retired
What other old Cooot or Brock has legend that
they should seriously considering Hank, hang me up
Larry King is kickin' ass
By the way I'm only gonna read the ages this one time, Larry is 73
209 votes, he's got more than twice anybody else
Andy Rooney, who's 88, 102
Paul Harvey also 88, 100, good day
Barbara Wall-Wall she's 77 and she's got 72 votes
Regis is got 75, he's a 75, he's only got 54 votes
See if I give the age out and the numbers it's confusing
The Humper edge ahead of me, I was leading him up until now
Hank is 60, 70's got 45 votes, I'm not 64, I got 42 votes
And Chris is really pissed off about that
Don't you dare hang it up, I need the job
Exactly
G Gordon Lydia is 76 years old, 37 votes
Roger Ebert is 65, he's not looking too good these days
15 votes, keep Jackson 78, 14 votes
I thought he did retire, Chris, whatever your name is
I think he retired, then he came back, so I don't know what he was
He came back, he was like only doing West Coast games and stuff
Oh no, no matter what
Oh, Nelly, John McLaughlin, 80, that's his age, he's got 10 votes
And morally safer, 75 years old, he's only got
Solamente Cinco, Soltafe Cinque
Out of 717, we got the 1000 looked easy today
And you want to know why that's Chris, I'm back today
I got a six day winning streak in Woodvine, how do you like that?
A ride is right, it's a miracle baby, it's a major miracle
They'll never happen again, they said it couldn't be done
1013 at 560 WQI-M
The U-GAH!
Coming up next on RU Smarter than a fifth-rateer
I always been religious, I went to Catholic schools, child
And I've always had a sense of spirituality
But even more so now after being in jail
Did you read the Bible in jail?
Yes, so we did every day
Yes
What's your favorite Bible passage?
Um...
I have no idea I'm just a little familiar with it
I am so sorry, not smarter than a fifth-rateer
It's 1018, number of the box of Asavas, 1018 at 560 WQI-M
We got 737 votes on it, pull me or off to the races baby
Chris assures me that it will make the thousandth rils
He's gonna walk right off the door to a fucking never return
Senator David Vitter, oh pardon me
Republican of Louisiana apologized last night for a very serious sins in his past
After his telephone number appeared among those associated with an escort service operated by the so-called DC Madam
Oh my goodness, he had fire in his pantaloonies I guess
Vitter spokesman Joel DeGrado confirmed the statement and emailed sent to the A&P
Now what do you prefer, the A&P or law laws?
Neither?
This one, you never shop at law laws, it's a pretty damn good stir
Although I've never shopped at the ones here, they have them here, would you believe that?
Huh, I shopped at A&P
Have you really?
Where?
In the Northwest
They have A&P in the Northwest?
I've only used to haven't been there in a while
While there's nothing like stopping in the A&P
This was a very serious sin in my past which I'm of course completely responsible Vitter said the statement
He was doing, he was dittle dallying, he was doing, another one of these Republican, oh it's just, whatever they are
Several years ago I asked for him received forgiveness from God and my wife and confession and marriage counseling
Out of respect for my family, I'll keep my discussion on the matter there with God and them
But I certainly offer my deepened sincere apologies to all I've disappointed let down in any way
Said the right wing, phony baloney hypocrite, full crap senator
The statement containing Vitter's apology said his telephone number was on old phone records of Pamela Martinez associates before he ran for the Senate
He was diddlin
Debra Jean, Palfrey was accused in federal court of racketeering by running a prostitution ring, they needed more than 2 million over 13 years
That's not very much
2 million over 13 years, what's the deal with that even George makes in 13 years before that
Beginning in 1993 she contends however that a rescuer at service Pamela Martinez associates was able to legitimate business
Vitter 46, a Republican in his first Senate term was elected to the Senate in 2004
He represented Louisiana's first congressional district in the house from 1999 to 2004
He and his wife Wendy lived in materiel Louisiana with their four children
They got four kids when he must be doing something at home too
He's doing it on the outside, well this is before he, I don't know
He's doing it, he's doing the old salami slide is what he's doing
And not necessarily always with his wife, you know, whoever's around at the time, whoever's available, what's wrong with that
Nothing
Speaking of section perversion and stuff that we really enjoy and who the hell doesn't
So whether that be our homophobic morning show yesterday had the anxious right wing born again
Bible thumping homophobic lunatic mayor for a lot of the gym nogal on as a guest
Because I heard the Miss Boat camper promoting Atlanta Thursday morning
And of course you know what Boat campers is?
Well you know it's really a shame every time you take your kid or your nephew with a public restroom
There's two guys and they're doing stuff, you know
And I keep asking everybody I know if they've ever encountered that and I have yet to encounter anybody besides Miss Boat camper
Who's encountered that? I'm not saying that it doesn't happen but I just have never...
No I'm as fortunate.
Heard of it, as a matter of fact we're only recently have I heard of it when that you know the Channel 10 story came out and we started talking about it
I was oblivious
You were oblivious?
Yeah
I've never...
For guys who are dittling in another tea room
You know what?
That never would have occurred to me because of all the unsexy places I can think of that's top of the list
Now you guys have never been to JC Penney's in Westland?
No, Alia
No
Can't say that
There, they're doing the Alimbo Rock there is what we've been hearing from you guys and of course we use those things
Listen, you know what, when you see guys doing the Alimbo Rock in the tea room you know what they're doing
You're looking for the glory hole
That's right
And that's JC Penney's in Westland
Well that's high Alia, you know it's your people they tend to be a little bit on the thorny side
Okay
Mayor Jim Nogel may be getting a lot more paperwork says the Sun Central gay rights activists in the state have launched a drug when Gothafor Lauderdale Mayor
With toilet paper to mock his comments about gay sex and public bathrooms
Only the morning show on the station would dignify his idiocy by actually giving him a form on which to spew his lunacy
And that's cause Kim Boke camper is in full homophob mode now
I would be surprised if we have a remake of a bear ass mounting
During Kim Boke camper in one of his former teammates I'm not really sure which one
Maybe AG doing would be good I liked him
Mm-hmm
I just launched this drive where encouraging people to mail either a rule or several sheets of toilet paper to the mayor
And City Hall to help him wipe his dirty mind clean said Ryan Winfield
Supposed for a quality floor to gay rights organization that helps start the toilet paper protest on Friday
The uproar started after Nogel's comments in age of life, orthotical in the Sun Central about the city's planned to buy a $250,000 self-cleaning robotic toilet for beach goers
The device could be programmed with a time limit after which the door would fly open
Well what if you got like the screaming green apple quickstep or something like that
I mean you might be in there for a while you don't want the door to be flat and open
Right and nobody else who's around sure so wants it either
Right
In the article Nogel was quoted as saying the toilet confirmed homosexual activity that has occurred in other public restrooms
Sometimes public restrooms are used for sexual activity
Most of it's men meeting men because it's same sex people in the bathrooms Nogel said
Most of it
No, maybe not maybe there's a woman in there too maybe there's guys and gals and kids
I've never seen that in dogs and goats
Maybe old goats like Boat Campers
Equality Florida has provided a link on its website to send Nogel a virtual role of toilet paper
And listed as City Hall address for those who want to send a real role
Nogel said no actual toilet paper rolls have arrived at his office
However more than 300 people have emailed the mayor a virtual rule when feel said
It's an email some juvenile diagram of a toilet Nogel said
Last year police made one arrest for such activity in a in a beach bathroom and another with a Crowbridge mall
Not that that couldn't be near the Crowbridge Presbyterian Church in the DJM's Kennedy couldn't
Because the Lord's gonna be really parked off about that
They made one arrest at such activity in a beach bathroom and another one with a Crowbridge mall
So that sounds like two to me I could be wrong about that
But that sounds like Uno and Uno sounds like DOS to me isn't let's get a dose of reality here
Like there's an epidemic of this stuff going on not only in Kimbo campers mind and Jim Nogel's mind
Ever see the two of them together?
No, nothing, you mentioned it
757 I have flown on those
Or I do like that new a 787 by the way you see that that's a let's say sleek machine mod
The 787 thing
No, I ain't fling it
Oh that's right you ain't gonna fly it anyway, you know
That's right I don't have any money I can't go no more
Well come on let's take up a collection for George. He's whining and about he ain't got no money
And his wife is a bitch and you know
He's got that one kid he didn't want in the first place
And we commiserate with you wholeheartedly
The other way is Hank Guerrero still working there is it just a figment of my man's favorite
He's still there
He's still there
One more I only say that you know
Tongue in your cheek because it just he just has nothing to do with this spot
But it's just another one coming later on
He just a copy ate him man he learned very well probably time direct taught him
Oh don't worry about that roger's about that fat faggot
We don't do copy here okay that's not the our uh yeah
It's not an our thing
Do you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Do you ever see him Hank Guerrero?
Yeah I see him in the hole
Tell Tommy's an A hole next time you see him
Give him a message for me
Yeah
Tell Neil says you're an A hole
Not worth it not worth the effort
A pindaho
I thought it was pindaho
Is it really?
Well that's how we say it
No in Mexican it's pindaho
I don't know
That's what I said
I didn't want to say it the right way because they say pindaho
If you say it the wrong way then it's not the word it's like Schmidt you know
Right it's pindaho
What did I say?
Pindaho
Oh good
See you do the dirty words I'll just make up ones that don't exist
Nothing dirty about it
Then I'll be saved
Well that all depends on
How much does that toilet paper from from Jim Noggle?
You're keeping and how much you're sending out
Went in doubt since him out
In fact I'm thinking of maybe using something and sending it to the mayor
That sounds like a really good way to make it
Remember those tests that they were...
Those rectal tests that they had that was many years ago
Channel 4 did the thing
And their intentions were good
They were trying to help people die
You know catch colorectal cancer very early
And so they had these kits that they sent
You when you had like to push me a little something there on a...
And then put it in the mail
And an envelope
And the postman were swooning
That was the word I'll never forget as long as I would
There was the actual word in the newspaper article
And they heard there were postman swooning
They were going into a coma from the aroma of the envelopes
Is that bad or what?
No
Not good
27 past 10
I know it's sound strange, two strange to be true
But it's a soft Florida thing
You know
Let's put some crap on some paper
And let's send it to the mail in Jim Noggle, okay?
That should do it
You fare
I want it
Because it's a real wazer
It has its own web browser
Along with Wi-Fi email and I've gone
I'll check out every Apple store from LA today on
Because I need this sucker like my dog
He needs his phone
Look, that's where I've been
He needs the iPhone
And hello, I'm your buddy
I'm the iPhone
Yeah, we're out
We're sold out
Yeah, can't be sold out these days when I'm sale
No, you can have one in a few months
I feel like there's too much in my day and I want now
No, it's not gonna happen
I need that as the iPhone
No, you gotta wait
No, I can't wait
I'll put you on the list
Oh
It will be a living hell
If I have to keep my stupid best health
The God I love that color screen
Service light is always green
Coolest thing I've ever seen
Oh, I need the iPhone
I can't live this alone
I'll build new inspection mode
Until they can see iPhone
I can't get around, I need the iPhone
Get out of the store
What do you think it is?
Get out of the store?
I get out of the store
So you guys are iPhone yet or what?
No
Chris?
No
Yeah, we're right
What about what is it?
What is it?
You can't afford it
Is that what you're trying to say?
You crying four months again?
The audience is gonna start getting real tired of that crap
Real soon
I'd like you to be here
Unless what?
I'd let you do that for me
Do what?
Crying four
781 votes on a poll today
We got a nice poll going thanks to our good close friend Charlie B
Who I wish would stop sending me stupid emails
But nevertheless, keep the polls coming Charlie
Cut out the email
And by the way, L. Rogers, if you ever send me another email
I'm gonna send the Randy Rhodes to your stock
You're stupid ass
That was a stunning news there
Wasn't that amazing?
I mean, out of sight out of mind
So when I first saw him on there
Many days ago on our Myspace
By the way, we have 14, 17, and 70 Myspace friends
Pretty impressive
A Benjamin Gel will be proud of that if he wouldn't have gotten the screw in the fire
Oh, and speaking of that
Hmm?
How did you tell the story or did this happen last night about his replacement?
Nothing all from him
Nothing happened and it had nothing to do with that guy
And it did with some other guy
The thing that didn't happen
Like I told you the story
Just made sure that you get it right before you tell this story about this thing that didn't happen
It didn't happen
Yeah, it did happen but we didn't hear it from anybody
Except for Chris
Oh Chris was telling us about it before the show this morning
Because he was there
Because I'd draw by and saw it
Well, you can tell it on the year in a minute
Do I have to?
No
But the new guy certainly hasn't distinguished himself to say the very least
He got the station Hummer toad
Well, it wasn't him, it was some other guy
Or is it...
Why do you say that now?
No, no, that's what I said then
And you know, you're gonna change it
It was some other guy?
It was another guy in the promotions department
Some $5 an hour flunky or something
I thought you said it was the new guy
That's what Chris said
No
No one said that
Oh, well, it was a real one morning
Well, I don't want to listen to any more of you speaking Spanish
I'm never gonna do that again
Now that Bob Barker and Rick Shaw hung it up
What other old coupe broadcast old coach had hung it up?
7803 votes Larry King is kicking another competition's ass
222, 232
232, he's way out there on his own
As he should be
Andy Rooney, 117
What the hell was that? Did you hear that?
I heard something, I thought it was from here
No, it was a truck horn
It was a horn sound
Yeah, I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
I thought it was a truck horn
He realizes, uh, enough already
He's got an ego, it's just too big
Hank Goldberg speaking of big
The Humphers got 51, I got 44
He's a drawn away from me
I can't keep up with him
Gordon Litty 40, Roger Ebert 16
He shouldn't be on this list
That's in bad taste, uh, Charlie B
He had a bad stroke or something
He's like all this figured and like, uh, he's like a vegetable for Christ's
Should he be on there?
Why not?
Because it's bad
We don't care about, he's not, uh, anyway
He's older than you
So is everybody else on his list?
Well then, he should be on there if you're on there
He's Jackson's God 16, John McLaughlin 13
Bye-bye, that's John McLaughlin
Nobody knows who that is except people that watch you, that one show
What's the show called?
I'll show you that bit, uh, the uh, the uh, McLaughlin report
Bye-bye, I love that bit, I love that show
Uh, and more or less say for five
They got that Tony Blankley, that fat, right wing Brit
How come every Brit that they were put on these talking head shows
Is always some right wing idiot, some sour, some jackass, some fat pig like a Tony Blankley
Well where did they find these people?
793, the one to pull, we got a thousand licked out and I didn't even have to get all whipped up and exercised about that
Thank God for that because Jews don't like exercise
I guess you were pretty shocked that they have fired this guy out to Hurricane Center, right?
Not, nope
I mean, they did everything except takeout billboards, you know, this guy should have been cleaning out his desk days ago
National Hurricane Center director Bill Prenz, it was placed on indefinitely yesterday by superiors who said his brief turbulent reign threatened the Hurricane Center's ability to protect the American people
And one thing we don't want to the Hurricane Center is turbulent reign brief or otherwise
Am I right about that?
Right
Turbulent reign is bad
The action came amid an unprecedented unseen immunity that looked for ends without significant support from his employees in South Florida or his bosses in Washington
His tenure with the center lasted only six months and was cut so short it didn't include a single hurricane
Well he's got that, that's a feather in his cap
During his reign there was not one hurricane
Nice going there, what a bill, Billy Boy
In the email to the center staff, no administrator, Conrad C. Loughten-Bacher, Jr. named Ed Rappaport, the center's hired regarded deputy director since 2000's acting director
You've seen him, he's good on TV all the time, during the hurricane, he's a pretty boring guy
He's alright
Loughten-Bacher said that he heard enough from a team of inspectors he sent to the center last week to conduct a snap inspection
Oh there's nothing worse than when they snap it and they inspect it or maybe you're clapping at their inspecting it
In his email Loughten-Bacher said he took the action in response to the inspection team's concern that as expressed by many of you, there currently exists a level of anxiety and disruption that threatens the center's ability to perform its mission to protect the American people
Well that sounds very reassuring by the way
Though Prenzus' future status remains unclear, Loughten-Bacher didn't mince any words because if he minced any words I would have played
You're fairing
He said Prenz will be on leave until for the notice which means that he will not be able to take any official duties or performing any function in your chain of command
Prenzus didn't return immediately calls, he's out
Clean out your desk and get lost, Billy Boy, you're done
A turbulent rain
You ever fly through a turbulent rain I guess not
I might have a regret on the flying
The next boat's going to be used to be 800 by the way
Used to what? Fly
And you flew through a turbulent rain? I must have
Two bad storms under the rain
And shaking and quaking
That's right
That's one time a flight would land and I have no idea what I guess was a reconnecting flight
Through some of those absolute worst, I mean just horrible and you think the plane is shaking
Oh don't worry about that, no problem at all
Like I told you that the pilot on KLM, that real crazy Dutch guy on a way back here from Amsterdam, his last trip
He says, oh well I just want you to all to know that I have a wife and children too so I'm just concerned about landing safely as you are
You know, I'll still believe
Nothing funnier than an old Dutchman
Now
Fuck it in and hold it
Hello, this is Vice President Dick Cheney
Ordering you to forget about the iPhone
That was built by latte drinking liberals
Instead do like I do, use the F-phone
The F-phone was developed by conservatives and it does everything I needed to
I can get news headlines, stock reports and I can receive instant messages from my bosses at Hatter Burton
Investive all the F-phone regulates my pacemaker
Here, let me show you how it works
What the fuck?
What's wrong with this fucking...
What the fuck?
Me?
There's somebody show me how the fuck to work this fucking thing
Hey, where do they call it the F-phone anyway?
Oh fuck
Hey man, well I have a few too
It's 1046, 14 before 11 at 560 WQM
Happy Tuesday to you baby
It's right here in the middle of it, Julio
Whatever that means, I don't know, it's like a dog days in it
Sure is
Opposition of the Iraq Wars reached a record high
This is a brand new USA Today Gallup Pull just off the press only seconds ago, at least my press
A development likely to complicate President Bush's efforts to hold together Republican support as the Senate begins to debate this week
I'm Pentagon priorities, we got a new deal in Iraq, some new dead people
And Bush's approval rating in this pool has reached a new low 29%
Not to be confused with the 27% of the other pools
In the survey taken over this past weekend, Friday through Sunday
One in five Americans say the increase in US forces in Iraq since January has made the situation there better
Half state has made a difference and the rest of them say, Iraq, what's that?
What's that kind of do with Paris Hilton's ass?
More than 7 and 10, we have a favor removing nearly all US troops from Iraq by April
Why nearly all? Okay, what do we got to leave?
A few poor slumpers behind, oh bad news, you're the 100 that were leaving behind
55% say Congress should wait to develop a new policy on Iraq until General David Patrase commander of the US forces that are in the state of Iraq
The Liberse promised assessment in September 40% say Congress should act now
The American public, the dumber than sawdust, man, dumber than dirt
A little slow to catch on, a little slow on the uptake
Bush's support is eroding among Republicans, 68% approve them down from an average of 92% this first term
82% in the second term, nearly 4 out of 10 Republicans say the immigration debate
which ended in the feet for Bush's overhaul proposal caused them to lose confidence in the Bushmeister
in this butcher, in this lunatic, in this demented maniac with all his blood on his hands
62% say the US made a mistake in sending troops to Iraq
The first time ever that number is top 60%
Because there's about 30% of the American public as IQ is smaller than their digit
2-3, it's a Bush shouldn't have intervened in the case of a scooter Libby
6 out of 10 say the economy is worse than the most five years ago
And 62 to 36% those surveys say an impeachment inquiry against Bush promoted by some liberal websites wouldn't be justified
62 to 36 say would not be justified
Nancy Pelosi says Congress has no intention of holding such proceedings
Republicans oppose the idea 91 to 9% Democrats supported 54 to 44%
Got those numbers? You can write them all down?
No
Well, too bad
We had some pretty good numbers last Thursday. Clarence is back from vacation and stuck his ass in the door this morning
Oh nice number is in the trend, you oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
And I told him I said sure it's all because of you, Clarence
You idiot, you quizzling, you jacke-ass, you sports nerd, you joc sniffing fool with you
You jocke-looking maniac
You see that's me, and then you like wandered out of there
You have anything to say to you like you ought to talk a lot about more sports when you're on?
No, no nothing like that
Well good, if you ever listen if he ever gives you any more advice on what to do when you're on here I would just kick him in the crotch
Okay, I would just with the heel of your shoe
Well, I would just like I'm kicking a football
That's right, that's a good idea
Pretend you're kicking the extra point, pretend it's 63 year old, like Tom Dempsey
In fact, what I would do is I would put one of those, what do he have on that shoe, Chris, remember?
No, because I wouldn't like that
Well, no, he had some kind of a thing, it was like a half shoe with the flat front
Yeah, it was a flat front of shoe
Oh, there's Harry Potterhead on there, any interest?
And the professor tells me that everybody of all ages is in the Harry Potter, am I right about that?
Is he right about it or not?
No, I've heard this for kids
Yes
Well, the professor I think is just a childhood heart, he sends me the chair
Okay, everybody, huh?
And chicks
Chicks?
Oh, no
That's not good for his image, I'll tell you that, 819 votes on the pool, who should hang it up?
Now that Bob Barker, Harry Potter is not for adults, well I could be wrong about that
What do I know?
Would you see it?
Would you take your kids to go see it?
I took my daughter to see the first one, I don't want to see any of the other ones ever again
Oh, no!
I said, you're on your own with these honey
With this graph, huh?
Yeah
I think they sound too promising
Oh, horrible, horrendous
Really?
Oh yeah, the stupidest bunch of crap nonsense, no plot, everything predictable and contrived
Harry, no point ever, it doesn't know
Now let me tell you about a good flick before I get back to the pool, I don't know
Seriously, I saw it on the cable the other day and now I'm reading the reviews and they're ripping the hell out of it which pisses me off
Because I thought it was pretty good
10th and wolf, now I am DB, it's got 6.4, whether that's not a bad number
Am I right?
Huh?
It's a mafia movie that's based on a true story about a mob war in Philadelphia
And it stars James Marzen and believe you me, that's, if for no other reason I loved that him and the movie
What's the name of it again?
10th and wolf, I all of what it
Oh, here's a message from your friend, the professor, Georgia's totally out of touch
Haha, I agree
Who are you?
I love all you want
I've read all 6 of the books, I've read all 6 of the books, they weren't that bad and I saw the movie
You saw the movie where it won't be, I guess it's 3 of them now
All of them?
And you're gonna see the new one?
Yeah, sure, why not?
Yeah, we'll see it's more of a picture of summer, you know
Georgia out of touch, man, you're all like me, you're all like me
Uh-huh, sorry
James Marzen by the way, you're all so hot that he probably once upon a time could have worked at Evercrombian Bitch
Which we were in there again yesterday and I'm gonna tell you something, that store they had a charge you had mission just to walk in the door there
You know, I hate to use that term that you use all the time because to me it's just nauseating
I can't, when you dive headaches, especially lately I'm gonna have my herbivory
Stop lying for once, you heard me say that once
Yeah, you like to use that though
You heard me say it once
As soon as I said I hated that you stopped using it
But you're all to touch anyway, that's right
Yeah, touch this
But hey, I'll tell you that there ought to be a sign saying touch this nevercrombian I would live there, oh my god
Where do those people come from?
Are you trying to say they need one of those new bathrooms there?
Are you gonna stop?
You don't wanna run it up?
That's good, you and Jim are on the Kimbo camper
I wouldn't be surprised if Kimbo camper he looks with Kris before the year is over
Yeah, no thank you
828 votes on the pool
Harry Potter is great man, that's what I'm being told
I think it's for kids and people who have, you know, emotional problems
Now that...
Sorry, I guess you read a lot
I mean, when I was a little kid I read Nancy Drew Mysteries, what does that say?
You know, another word of a party boy?
You were a little kid
You said the hardly boys I read Nancy Drew, because that was a little amaticone
So, at least I've been consistent throughout my life, okay?
I don't pretend to be one thing one day and something else you have to do
I'm just an old fag, okay?
And that's just the way it goes, you don't like it?
Too bad, as Dick Cheney would say, too often bad
Anyway, here's the pool, who should return next?
Larry King, 248, he is kicking big serious smelly ass on here
Here's another message, you let's see, what is it?
It says the guy James Marzen is gonna be in the hairspray movie
What hairspray movie?
There's a new one with John Travolta and Drag
Oh no!
The first one wasn't bad enough so they had to do it again
John V Volta and Drag, well I'm sure you know he probably used his word girl from the house
Uh-huh
Larry King, 248, Andy Rooney 130, Paul Harvey 115, Barbara Walters 82, Regis is about 63
Hang it up, we just year 100 years old, he's 75, he could pass for 90 easy
He said 68 bypass, it's 400 heart attacks
The Humper's got 54, he's edging away from me, I got 45
Hank is 67, is that correct or is that like where did Charlie be get these ages from?
I wonder, I guess he probably looked it up on I on what you call it?
IMDB?
No, not IMDB, the other competing, we're competing
Well I'm a Hankby and IMDB, what movie is he made?
I got 45 votes, 5.3% say time for me to hang it up, I'll tell you what, I'm going to hang it up when I'm ready
Okay when Greg Budella is ready to come in and take over this as he...
I'll never understand that, what is it with the Greg Budella people?
The fall five of them
Yeah, that's exactly correct, he's a state of mind, he is to broadcasting with the rest of the houses to food
Actually, Hank Goldberg is listed on IMDB
Is he?
Yep
For what?
We guide to guys, aka Dave Berry is completely guide to guys on you today
Does it say that Hank is 67?
It says he was born July 4th, 1940
40?
July 4th, 1967
He was born on the 4th of July?
That would be correct
So that makes him 67 as of last week, is of 6 days ago
Correct
So Charlie be got away, quick pick it on Charlie be, he knows his craft
Gordon Litty 41, Roger Ebert 70
I feel so bad, I hate him in the first place, number one
But even hating him, I still, you gotta have a little rock-monis baby
The guy looks like a vegetable, looks like he ought to be in the Heinz bottle
Or can, can it, Roger?
He's got 17 votes, heartless bastards
Keith Jackson's got 17, John McLaughlin, bye bye, he's got 14
And Morley's safe, he's only got five
Is he still on 60 minutes because I don't watch it anymore?
And either of you obviously you don't know, Morley's safe for tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
Yeah, I watched it last week but I didn't notice Morley there
No Morley?
I don't know
No, not no Morley
You know what say for means in the Hebrew?
No
Book
Ha ha, so you can take your Pendejo and Pendajo
No, you stick your tongue on your tongue
I really am embarrassed that I said that
But you've got me so flustered now that you're speaking Spanish with my Mexican roommate here
Well yeah, and you could use some practice with my young Mexican boyfriend
It's 841 votes and the poll we get 1,000 and licked easy
You can
You can steal my cheers
This is the Neoronshire show
Any questions?
So what's going on in the world of sports today?
Nothing
Oh come on, there's got to be something sports related
We can disinterest our audience in today
No man, I mean there's nothing to just some days
Nothing's going on with sports, man
Well turn on ESPN, maybe they got chicken chasing
I'm telling you man, there's nothing going on.
That's unacceptable. I mean, didn't any millionaire athletes murder somebody or something?
Not today.
Well you think maybe we should try something that would be entertaining?
No way dude. That's worth it. Right, Gordon?
Yes!
The situation here is only sports. It gets as hard in the shorts.
We're narrow casting only this for music kicks or politics.
It's easy and easy. We've got gas not thin.
Just go shoutout sport holes every day.
We've got our heads and deep respect to jobs to make the family day.
And we're closet days.
If you are so, your alarm is set. Your mind is well-so. That's a set.
We talk about fin like a frozen jackspot that just lose control.
He's a washer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He brought gas up in just sports on the top.
Yeah.
So as speakers a squeaky ass to Gellie when we blow him out.
Do you see him anywhere in the schedule this week?
Nope.
Well I'm thinking there may be a whole night.
I see him Saturday from 2-5 Saturday afternoon.
Just where you think the coast is queer or clear.
He'll be going because the panthers were dumping that crap.
We're also going to be dumping to Marlins.
If we have a Marlins on that square we don't have any Marlins games because it's all stir-away.
Christ.
You mean to say that Thursday we got to do another, I got to do another whole four hours on Thursday?
Yeah.
What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
It's great.
We love the Marlins. Let's play two now.
Okay, starting like it about 11-05 sounds good to me.
Now how your cosbin this summer so far?
Yeah, you know.
They've been fine.
Oh, I don't.
If they find you I wouldn't be asking.
They've been fine.
Wish we could have more but you know what do you want?
You'll be dismayed to learn that the guy with the eyes, I think I may have told you this before, long time ago,
the guy with the eyes has got a clone and identical clone, Chie, at Woodbine.
And he's got this very bizarre looking old broad that he hangs out with.
I was just, and he braw beats her out.
You lost 20 more in there when I was gone.
You lost another 20 and that you bitch.
You know, I mean just crazy.
Strange stuff.
He looks like him.
He acts like him.
This is the guy that told me, what do you do me a favor?
No, look at my board.
Don't look at my machine.
Oh, that guy.
Yeah, yeah.
He's an idiot.
Call him up and they hope.
And he's a Pandarho and Pandarho and for some reason lately he's been around a lot with his estranged old broad,
who I think is, I don't know what, I think she's like a captive or something.
I don't know.
Call him up.
What?
Mariposa.
What the hell are you talking about?
Spanish?
Mariposa.
What is that?
Butterfly.
So what's that guy do with it?
What is it?
It's a drug toy turf.
You call a guy that basically.
How about Pajanito?
That too.
Yeah, or Patel.
Uh oh.
When you were speaking in lace, now what the hell was that just talking about?
We're going to get those ratings up by your own eyes.
Yeah.
And he winds up sitting next to me the other day.
Thankfully only for a couple of minutes because like a, uh, my, uh, what is it?
Mariposa.
He keeps hopping from one machine to the other.
And he's sitting next to me and he's, uh, yeah, give me a spin now.
And he's pointing at the third rear.
You know, where the spin thing would come up assuming he was going to get one which he didn't.
And he, give me one now and he's pointing at it again.
Blank, you know, I'm sitting there restraining myself from laughing my ass out loud, you know.
Give me one now.
And I'm not blank.
I think you should just laugh at him and see what he does.
No, I don't want to, I don't want to get started with him.
I don't want nothing to do with him.
Hey, buddy, do me a favor.
Do look him.
I mean, I'll look at whatever the hell I want to.
Okay.
And then guarantee you won't be one of the things that we're looking at.
He looked, he looks like the guy with the eyes.
He looked in, he acts like him.
He's a retard.
Now what is this thing that you just fasted to me?
It's about the Pope saying everybody's wrong except for him.
From Lorenza, go to Cattori, Italy.
Where the hell light is.
Where is that?
And I keep forgetting to talk about the Latin ass that he wants to bring back to.
The Nazi Pope has reasserted the universal primacy, or is that primacy is the bricks with
say, primacy of the Roman Catholic Church and proving a document released today that says
the Orthodox churches were defective and that other Christian denominations were not true
churches.
How do you like that?
Well, there's only one way to find if they're defective and that's to hire a detective.
Benedict approved a document from his old offices at the congregation with the doctrine of the faith that
restates church teaching on relations with other Christians.
It's the second time in the week that the Pope is corrected when he says,
erroneous interpretations of the Second Vatican Council.
Saturday Benedict revisited another key aspect of Vatican,
too, by reviving the old Latin ass, dominus, an abyskis, a pandejo, a pandaho,
whatever.
Traditional Catholics cheered the move, but the more liberal ones called it a step back from Vatican
too.
What would you expect from the Nazi Pope like progress, like a step like into the 18th century or something?
It's important for the people not to understand what's actually being said.
Right, I'm going to have to just go and assault teens.
Benedict to attend Vatican too is the onlyologian as long.
Well, let me tell you this right now.
I'm not going to waste my time reading this crap.
You people with a religion crap man, get a life, okay?
Get a life, get a brain.
Start using it.
Start using the function of the brain that has to do with like thinking.
As opposed to the part that's got to do with being brainwashed and stupid and idiotic.
All is garbage.
All is tax-free garbage.
That's the worst kind.
857 votes on the pool and Larry is just, he's at Alphheim's self.
Probably the bad breath and also that bag, you know, probably smells pretty bad at this point.
I think sending the mayor for a lot of time, sending Jim Nagel some, some, some,
whether you used to use toilet paper would be good now.
Remember when you said that discussion about the old Cuban grandmothers, the Abuelas?
Right, all the old world people apparently, and they do that in Europe too.
And they would, you take the toilet paper and put it in a box, the U.T.L.A. paper and throw it into a box as opposed to like flushing it down the toilet because the,
they would be saving it for a rainy day and one.
The high-end scenario in Europe and they're still operating under that old system then that's supposed to block the pipes.
So, are there any places where there's a hole in the floor?
Well, but the paper's supposed to not, you're not supposed to flush paper in a lot of places.
I wonder what kind of a hole that is.
You're looking for the glory hole.
Oh, that's what a lot of travel guides go out to the public find it.
Been saying what?
That they, in the travel guides depending on where you go, they say that you're not supposed to flush the paper
because it clogs the pipes because they're narrow so you're supposed to throw it in the garbage.
Oh, you're clogged?
Yeah.
You throw it in the garbage?
In the garbage.
Instead of it?
After you used it?
That's what they're saying.
Oh, Jesus, God Almighty.
That's right.
Thank God for wide pipes.
Yeah, exactly.
Welcome.
Online activists raised enough money in two hours yesterday afternoon to fly a banner,
encouraging the impeachment of President Bush and Vice President Cheney over AT&T Park and San Francisco
before it nights all star baseball game to which we say,
I'll ride.
Excellent.
You go, boys, girls, whatever you are.
The effort for an airborne banner began in the nationwide movement to impeach Cheney and Bush group on Facebook.com.
It has been promoted by Pro and Peachment website after Downing Street.org.
Time is short to raise the necessary money before baseballs all star game tonight in San Francisco.
What are professors just out of control since you started Dissinery Potter?
It says, you should get some info when talking about my anti-gay uncle who's running for me or Miami Beach.
Well, why don't you send me some info while for a professor in Stashy?
I should get.
We're not going to get it, huh?
I'm going to open a window and the information is going to fly in from like out in the etherics somewhere.
I should get some info about some holophobic duke box that's running for me or Miami Beach.
There you go.
No, there was.
I just kind of did that.
Hold it on my butt.
Now, was that the magic wand from Harry Potter?
The one and only.
Hahaha.
Oh.
Somehow, I just can't...
I don't know what it is.
I just can't envision seeing that.
Even though the kid that plays Harry Potter now, he's starting to look like almost human.
No, he's growing up.
Yeah, well, he's in a movie called Equis where I am in a play or something like that where he's being naked.
By the way, James Marsden is...
I'd rather see James Marsden.
And you know he's 34 years old, James Marsden.
And I can't look old for you.
That's what, yeah, exactly.
So I feel like, you know, listen, Burist.
I'd like to see this Facebook group being powered by actually making something happen in the world.
Jacob Park, the Facebook group, is found or told raw story.
He says it's pretty raw.
As about 515 yesterday, after the organizers raised the 695 bucks needed to have the plane from 47 donations.
The donations have been accepted at this website.
And then it's got a link, I would you add a click on this story, which you can't click it like out in the air somewhere.
The announcement was posted to the Facebook group at 3pm, Brian H. another group member first proposed the banner ID and the post on the site Sunday evening.
One of the group's members, Timothy Fong, city contact, a Napa based company that would tour banner over the game tonight.
The banner would fly over 18T Park in San Francisco while people will arrive for the All Star game.
But because of airspace restrictions put in place after 9.11, it would have to land an hour before the first pitchfong tooled raw story.
The game will be televised on Fox, beginning tonight.
It will be heard on QIM by the way, for those with no TV set.
Shout out already with that damn blackberry.
It would be ideal in terms of citizens expressing dissatisfaction with their government that something out there during the National Anthem or during the first pitchfong said activists are committed to following the law.
Now do you think the networks are going to show us this?
No.
Do you think that Fox, especially Fox, you think Fox is going to show us that banner?
How much do you want to bet on that, sweetheart?
Park City donated 50 bucks to get the banner airborne and other commentators on the Facebook group which has 9178 members said they were donating as low as 5 to 10 bucks.
Whatever it took and it got in, it's going to fly tonight.
The eagle will fly and John asked, ask, will they be there singing as the eagle fly or whatever he sings?
Is that what he's saying?
Yep.
Is the Apaharito fly something like that?
863 votes on that pool.
I think the real contest there is between me and the Humper isn't it?
Hank is 67 years old. God dang is he old, huh?
He's got 59 votes and I've already got 46. I'm just a young whipper snack.
You are listening to an unsnathable deal, Roger.
Carcad, f***ing blow.
Well, good.
This weekend it's called Live Earth and it will involve concerts on 7 continents of the mode awareness of global warming.
Former Vice President Al Gore expected to perform over a 24 hour period.
Al Gore, live in concert.
Yeah.
I never will.
She was walking down the street.
You are.
It did be.
It did be.
You will leave.
You will leave.
You will leave.
You will leave.
You will leave.
I can't forget, Joe.
I am not satisfied.
You are not satisfied.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Live Earth.
I am excited.
Oh.
I can't control myself.
I am excited.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Al Gore sings the hits.
Al Gore rocks.
I just want you to know why.
It's the people who live really can.
Thank you, my friends.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, so what do you make, Al?
How do you think?
He's about what?
About Al Gore.
What do you want?
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
Let's do it.
Do what?
Drassy.
Save the world?
Yeah.
Oh, here's the link from the professor about this.
He's about his mom's uncle and about he's running from air, Miami, Beach or something like that.
But it's on my hot mail here.
It's going to take me forever today.
I'll get to it to take a puke at it.
I mean, it's important stuff, isn't it?
In fact, maybe they can put him if he's home afobic enough.
They can put him on a morning show.
Boat campers can sit there and they can rub their knees together.
What do you think?
I think it's got possibility.
No.
I think it does.
Doug Thompson says a Congress of co-conspirators, the stage is set for a showdown between President
George Herbert Rudd, why do I say that?
He was no prize either, by the way.
Between President Bush and Congress, in the end, we might see who's got the biggest balls or perhaps if anyone has any of all Doug Thompson says.
Who's got the biggest balls, baby?
How much has James Marzen's been running for that?
At issue is whether or not two former White House aides will be allowed to testify for a Congress in the proba
they politically motivated fireings of U.S. attorneys.
Bush, as expected, claimed executive privilege but said the aides could meet behind closed doors in author record sessions on the hill.
While it's no surprise that Bush claimed executive privilege, it is extraordinary that he's claiming it not on current White House aides,
but former step members who theoretically at least are free to make up their own minds about testifying because they no longer work in the administration.
Under most circumstances, former White House counsel Harry Admeyer's and former political director Sarah Taylor should be able to decide for themselves if they want to appear before Congress, take the fifth or five to his penis.
By claiming executive privilege for both Myers and Taylor, Bush is saying that his prior to control people is absolute that it covers not only those currently working for him but also anyone who ever worked for him.
Jonathan Turley, professor of Constitutional Law George Washington University and a professional talking head on TV, said Bush's claim of executive privilege is absurd and that by offering letters from where he'd speak in private he dilutes his case.
It would have been far better for the White House to say that aides wouldn't speak in any context of this goes this information Turley told the hill, newspaper and interview.
Instead the White House adopted this absurd position that it's willing so long as there's not a threat of perjury.
Another constitutional law expert, University Richmond professor Carl Tobias, says Bush's claim of executive privilege would not hold up in court.
But the Galathe is not a guiding principle for Bush neither is the law. The president's proven time and time again that he'll do whatever he damn well pleases and dare those who object to try and stop him.
So far and nobody not Congress, not the courts and not the law has successfully blackbushed from his vision of imperial rule from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
And those who expect Congress to step and put a stop to Bush's despotic rule will likely find that democratic leadership on the hill is not to the job they end up to it.
To date the new leaders in Congress have followed out a collective asses when it comes to standing up to Bush or stopping him from writing a rough shot over them along the Constitution.
Bush is an absolute ruler who enjoys absolute power with an odds that the Democrats can do absolutely nothing to stop him.
That's right.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi emasculated the Democrats when she took impeachment off the table.
If Bill Clinton deserved to be impeached for lying about BJ's from White House intern, then George W. Bush deserves not only impeachment but conviction in a criminal trial followed by a life sentence pounding rock and leavenworth.
But it won't happen because Pelosi lacks the balls, both figuratively and liberally, to take the necessary political risk to hallbush before a trap unilong charges.
If Harry Reid had any balls, they're probably too old and trivial to pump any testosterone into his timid veins.
Oh my God, old and trivial balls.
Both Pelosi and Reid talk like leaders, but they fail to deliver both are a little more than political hacks.
And by continuing to allow George W. Bush to remain in the presidency, they both complicit and willing co-conspirators and apply to destroy the USA.
Nice going Dougie Doug Thompson talking about balls in America.
It's almost enough to make him want to play that chocolate salty balls, although I said almost.
Could we play that or what?
Yeah, do it. Play it twice.
Like I got it?
I don't got it and we were not playing it.
No.
Okay, what are we doing on this pool thing over here?
I wonder how the Humphors doing.
A Humphor is 67. God, I'll might as he older what.
Although I think he's, I don't know, Roger Ebert.
Who doesn't belong on there? I'm telling you, he doesn't belong on there.
He's a dead man in a suit.
Now that Bob Barker and Rick Shaw are hung up, who are what other old, old, old, crow?
How about the hangin' up? How about the crow?
Larry King 265. We got 888 votes by the way, Chris.
You got your thousand made easy today.
Yep. I'm very glad.
You see, when I sit down, when I sit my fat ass down in this chair, we got a head start, we got it made in the shade.
We'd lemonade.
Larry King 265. He's just crushing the field.
Andy Rooney 135. Paul Harvey 128.
Barbara Wall-Waw's got 85. Regis Filbert 80. What is it? 66.
The Humphors got 60. I got 49.
Boy, he's pulling away from me like I'm just laid out flat.
G Gordon Litty 44, Roger Ebert 19. And again, I say just, that's disgraceful.
Keep Jackson's got 18.
John McLaughlin's got 15. And Morley Safer, Solomon Thessace, he's got 6.
Morley Safer, book. What kind of name is that?
188. I like that number though. 188. It's great.
Nick Pantioni writes in his working gym, do I have time for this before the break? Yes I do.
Anne Colter, typical American Christian. Oh, I'm into that.
In 2006, Anne Colter said, Christianity fuels everything I write.
Being a Christian means that I'm called upon to battle against lies, injustice, cruelty, hypocrisy.
You know, all the virtues in the Church of Liberalism.
In true American Christian styles, she's also called Janet Words of Faggot,
which resulted in a fundraising bananza for the presidential hopeful.
Colter wrote that Mr. Mrs. Edwards have a bumper stick around their car that reads,
Ask me about my dead son.
In reference to the death of their 16-year-old childweight, who was killed in the car crash in 1996,
Colter criticized the 4-9-11 widows who had the audacity to support Democrats by writing
that I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much.
Regarding the liberal media coders said, my only regret with Tim McVey is he didn't go to the New York Times building.
All of us repulsive rhetoric resulted in increased book sales for Colter,
and more importantly, she got a huge dose of attention from each outrageous barb,
something that her emaciated little being craves above spiritual or edible nourishment.
A doctor should analyze this attention start skeletal scowl wag,
and a psychology behind her infantile opinions and rattle-rousing statements.
The diagnosis seems quite simple.
She opposes abortion rights and views all liberals who favor abortion rights as the vileest people alive,
because they condone the murder of innocent unborn babies.
This get the bad guys mentality creates a free-for-all,
anything goes brand of lunacy in the oxygen-deprived brains of the lives of Colter.
Of course, she picks on liberals about other issues, but it's definitely abortion,
that makes her stringy bleached blonde hair stand on end.
Who could forget anti-abortion nut-wing and rabid Christian Randall Terry,
who was operating from the same warped perspective when he called for the bombing of plant parented clinics,
and the murder of doctors would perform any kind of abortion procedure?
If you appreciate the warped logic behind their belief system,
you'd understand that Randall Terry and Anne Colter have no choice,
but to act out against anyone they need to be baby killers.
Granted, Colter has only started a state of her worst adj on it,
which would be killed by terrorists, while Terry is capable of ordering such an act from his Christian followers.
At its core, they share the same brand of religious conviction of leads religious fanatics
to fly jets into the World Trade Center.
They man the bad.
Vileums can be written about people like Colter, who call themselves Christians,
and act like repellent overbearing tyrants because they're so convinced they have to lock on the truth.
They're never humble, seldom compassionate, and rarely Christ like anything they say or do.
In 2002, Colter herself said, at best, Christ died from my sins and nothing else matters.
And that sentiment rears its ugly head and every move she makes,
though Christ himself would beg to differ, a lot of other things matter.
Colter claims that the Bible is a favorite book,
narrowly edging out the biography of the hillside Strangler.
If this is true, one wonders if she can read Jesus' words
with an even elementary level of comprehension.
Just what did Jesus mean when he supposedly said,
blessed are the peacemakers, love your enemies.
It's easier for a camel to go through that of an edel and for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers, which you do unto me.
A more recent statement by Colter further reveals her limited intellect.
She said, I'm more of a man than any liberal.
It's good that she acknowledges her, mainly, this considering her prominent Adam's apple,
and her pre-pubescent boyish figure.
Unfortunately, Colter thinks she's a femme fatale,
and she intends to insult liberal men by imputing the masculinity.
Colter doesn't understand that liberals are more evolved than her,
and they don't worry about school yard tons that have no relevance in 2007.
The fear that a skinny, cynical boy like Colter might label someone as sissy,
but only have residents in conservative circles,
where grown men still worry about who's got the most playing cards and their bikes spokes.
The lack of manliness that Colter perceives in liberal men is nothing more than fodder for infantile conservative fans.
Keep in mind that these are the same people who worry about naked statues
in the halls of the Justice Department.
They obsess about their neighbor's sex lives and giggle about anything
so to do with the human potty parts.
It says potty parts.
I wonder if it means body parts or potty parts, well, whatever.
Sadly, many of these folks are so repressed that eventually they get caught
making kiddie porn videos with their favorite minister or some other heinous act
born from years of denying human nature.
The fact is that Colter isn't nearly as intelligent as she or a privileged silver spoon fat education would have,
you believe, take away her family's influence and money,
and she'd probably be typing them as about some sales first retirement party
from a Romelu-Mole American company on the Oscars of New Cayenne, Connecticut.
Even Bitterware and Astu, then she is today because nobody would pay her any attention.
Whatever, it's a real ruckus.
Bretton and Sayche!
So he said him, free,
living the power of music,
designed to take us out.
Our Constitution is useless,
to let now, to let now,
jeopardizing all security.
It's those heroes vibrate, but they're so hip-free.
I'll say the fight, see!
Hopefully you'll see better now, Gore.
It's level 32, and guess what?
You know, this homophobic guy that wants to be my revenge?
Yeah.
Smaddy, go smack.
I just sent you an article, I guess you already got it.
If you could see the picture of him, did you see the picture?
No, but somebody else.
He looks like a cross between father time and you will give it.
Somebody fives us an article and I'm just coming across your machine right now, probably the same thing.
South Beach, maybe one of the...
Is that what it starts out by saying?
Sounds familiar.
South Beach, maybe one of the most gay-welcome areas of the country,
but that would all change, says Bill Smaddy,
voters elect him Mayor God forbid, that's...
Damn God!
Smad has registered to run, but already has begun his campaign with a huge banner over his front-line declaring,
God created Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve.
Yeah, it's about that.
I see.
Yes.
The banner has raised the hackles of LGBT rights, groups and smats,
neighbors, several of whom would complain to city hall.
We don't allow no Madacone, he's not in Miami Beach,
I'll tell you that right now, that's what Smaddy's saying.
I want to see what this thing is, you facts.
Same kind of deal.
Is it the same thing?
Different story, but about the same thing.
I see.
The banner is the raised the hackles, like I said.
Smad originally placed a banner on public land outside his property line.
He moved in front of his house when the city told him it was illegal.
He is still in contravention of city regulations because of the size of the banner,
which stretches across the entire width of his property,
but says he'll fight city hall over what he sees as his first amendment right,
to be a bigot.
Miami Beach has become communist Russia, anything you do,
anything they want, they tear down my sign, he says.
Yeah, he's a lovely man.
Oh man.
Talk about from the stone age, you've got to see the picture.
He told TV station WSVN channel,
and said, what about the first amendment we have a right to speak?
The 76 year old smad said, if he becomes mayor,
he will clean up South Beach's gay club scene.
Went in doubt.
Take him out.
I promise you, when I become mayor,
we're going to clean up all this funny business going on down there.
He told Channel 10, I'm bringing back Miami Beach for families, he said.
It goes on to say for those who may be unfamiliar with Smad,
he's the white Jamaican dude with a long white hair and a fluffy white beard.
He looks like a Bible bashing Santa Claus, it says.
He looks like a cross between Santa Father Time and you will give him.
According to Carol Huffman Guzman of the Alton Road Homeowners Association,
his organization hasn't taken any official position on the banner.
Gay rights groups professed outrage saying the giant son was outlandishly homophobic.
It's surprising in this day and age,
and the city is progressive in Miami Beach, we could still have this type of homophobious,
a scoffed Kirk Arthur, spokesperson for Save Dayed.
Oh, too late for that.
This illustrates that no matter how far the city and its residents have evolved
rights Frank Krasnicki, a Miami Beach City Commission candidate,
in a chastising email that Hayden Pregnant is,
are unfortunately alive and still a political tool for some.
Smad, a city simply exercising his right to free speech.
According to City of Miami Beach Police Information Officer,
and net Rodriguez, Ken?
No.
Oh, Kofa, one of the officers is just Matt,
six violations beginning this past Thursday because of the sign,
and it's got nothing to do with what's written on it.
Smad Rodriguez adds appeal to citations of hearings
been tentatively set for July 12th.
In the meantime, Adam and Eve stay put,
where it's Joanne Green and whatever this is from.
Do we know what this is from? No.
Yes.
Well, there you go, K, so that's one of the professor's relatives.
Several times you'll move, hopefully.
Hopefully, we move from the year of soon.
Good God.
Hey, Smaddy, get a life baby.
Oh, Smaddy, I say.
No.
Holy moly, rat man.
A little light bulb just went off over the top of my head.
912 votes on the pool.
Who should we turn next?
Now that Bob Barker and Ricky Ticking Show,
I wonder how Rick Shaw is doing.
You think, let's take a call from Rick Shaw, not?
Now, how we do without these phone calls,
I don't even have the thing turned on, you know what?
We're doing fine.
I haven't noticed.
Oh.
What was Chris about to say?
That's because he doesn't want to scream calls.
That's right.
You are so lazy, man.
He's making somebody friends, though.
One thing about us fat people, man, we are lazy.
And then non-lazy.
And then non-lazy, trust me.
What is it?
Smaddy, yeah, time to deal with the certain freaks.
They love him, though.
Oh, really?
You got a bunch of fans now?
Oh, yeah.
Well, good.
Larry King, 273, hang it up, Larry.
Okay, before that bag bursts on the air.
Talk about bombs bursting in air.
Andy Roney 140.
I should give the ages again, shouldn't I?
Okay.
Follow a close and good time.
Larry 73.
Andy Roney is 88.
My God.
88 years of eyebrow growth, can you imagine?
Paul Harvey is also 88.
129.
Good day.
Do you think there's anybody under the age of 100
who even knows who he is anymore?
I know, but I do.
How do you know who he is?
Well, Joe says it was a program.
You used to what?
Run the programs in my radio days earlier.
You were in radio once upon a time.
That's a lot of time that I can do it.
I remember, too, me, too, long time ago.
Barbara Walters, she's 77.
She's got 87 votes.
Registrar is 75.
He's got 68 votes.
She went, I give the numbers and the ages
together like it's very confusing, which is good.
The Humper, who is 67 as of six days ago,
has got 63 votes.
I'm 64 and got 49 votes.
So we figured the Humper is like,
we were through that before.
I thought he was only one year older than me.
And then, of course, we went through the thing with
Mose Age.
Remember that?
And we had to get his driver's license finally
and show it to me.
We didn't have to get it.
He thrusted in my face and the license, too.
Did he really?
What about the difference?
Did he go like that as he was doing it?
No.
He never said, do it, do it.
He never said, do it.
I never.
49 votes.
So the Humper's got me by 14 votes.
And by three years or two and a half years anyway.
You're old, Hank.
He doesn't care.
As long as he can keep eating.
How does he do it?
How does he stay alive?
I don't know.
Good genes.
I got good genes, man.
But if I had a direct, my old age, I'd be dead.
I'll be dead.
I'll be in bed.
I'll be chopping off limbs and poking out eyes.
And all of these things.
Gordon Litty 44.
That Bill Smatman, what a really handsome guy.
Makes me feel good about myself.
Roger Ebert's got 19 and I apologize for that.
He's 65, Gordon Litty 75.
Keith Jackson, who's 78.
He's got 18 votes.
John McLaughlin.
Bye-bye.
He's got 80 votes.
15.
You know, he was once a Catholic priest.
Are you aware of that?
No, I did not.
Catholic priest.
And he was once a rabid right-winger.
I guess he probably still is a rabid right-winger, but you wouldn't know it.
Now he's just a comedian.
Bye-bye.
John McLaughlin's got six and Morley's safer.
Still only got six.
And that's because we got a very anti-stomato guardians out there.
As soon as that city was Jewish and safer means book.
Baruch Hatad and I, No Tain Hatad Ra, Yadi Yadi Yadi Yashkudal, Yashkudal, Shreibu, Baba
Maizu.
And Yashkubibu too.
All religious, focused, focused, man.
How much, why would anybody in its right mind waste any time with his nonsense, huh?
With fairy tales.
It's one thing to waste time with fairies.
It's nothing to waste time with fairy tales.
Just ask Bill Smat and the Kimberbohl campers.
The biggest name.
They know their fairy.
Adam and Steve.
And you're a fairy king.
They don't come any better than Neil Rudd.
Now, in some addition.
Isaiah Washington has given us some great hours of entertainment on Grey's Anatomy.
This time it was personal drama.
Any members of the cast called you?
Yes.
I got a...
Whoa.
Whoa.
I...
Play it and I attacked him, called him a homophobic slur, and then I showed him, tried to
show him a death wall.
Nothing against VNGay.
No.
My wife opens the gun ripples.
You like him?
No comment, no comment, no comment.
In fact, edition will be right back.
Club 45 is 560 WQAM.
It's a Tuesday.
We got the man of dog or two.
And then we got the Humperwood at the power hour.
How's that 45 hour doing, by the way?
Do we know?
Don't we?
We won't get the hour leaves until this next...
The book comes out.
And it's coming out, I'll remember the Alvosto baby on a Wednesday when you're going to be on.
Remember I mentioned the other day that I might make a cameo that day because the rings
were coming out.
Yeah.
I forget it.
Oh, okay.
What?
Why I just don't want to get your hopes up.
I mean, you think I'm really going to do that?
Why not?
I may be crazy, but in my back, it's always in the middle of the week when I got the day
going.
I have to be a day weekend with the one that...
Like that.
It's a public age.
Like a Bible.
Oh, man.
924 votes on the pool.
How's the Humper doing with the me?
He's got...
64, I have 49.
Never want to throw other people out.
Yeah, leave us alone.
Get off our case.
Michael Moore, slime, CNN and Wolf Blitzer on live TV.
You go, Mike.
I told you I watched this sickle last week.
Did that say anything?
Yes.
Now, have you seen it?
Yeah, you did because you said last week you didn't need to be lying.
Right.
Now, what would you recommend?
Sickle or Harry Potter?
The new one.
Oh, that's funny.
Come on.
Adam and Steve.
What the hell was that all about?
Before a live interview with documentary filmmaker Michael Moore, CNN aired a segment
entitled Sickle Reality Check in which Dr. Sanjay Gupta, or I nearly pooped it with
the last time I saw Dr. Gupta, the no-archief medical correspondent, aimed to keep more
honest and fact check his new film, Sickle.
The four-minute piece concluded that Moore did fudge the facts and it implied that Sickle
was misleading and portraying healthcare systems in other countries, such as France, the
UK and Canada, as better than the one in the USA.
When given a chance to speak, Moore immediately put a host-walt blitz free down the defensive.
The report was so biased that can't imagine what pharmaceutical companies ads are coming
up right after our break here said Moore, why don't you tell the truth to the American
people?
You go, Mike.
I wish that CNN and the other mainstream media would just for once tell the truth about
what's going on in this country.
Moore argued that CNN has got such a lousy track record of reporting the truth about
the war in Iraq and asking tough questions that Americans should be really skeptical of
the reporting on healthcare.
Well, there's a year friend Candy Cali is on CNN right now as a matter of fact, if you
got a big screen.
My buddy.
You're the ones who are fudging the facts, Moore.
You fudge the facts to the American people.
Now, I don't know how long about this issue, about the war.
I'm just curious, when are you going to just stand there and apologize to the American
people for not bringing the truth to them that isn't sponsored by some major corporation?
Blitz or Grudy Fencevon backed up his fellow CNN employees saying that he would stand
behind correspondence and say, Gupta's record on medical issues.
Moore in response, about the posterity bottle on his website, Michael Moore.com, showing
that Gupta's facts weren't accurate.
I'm going to put the real facts up there on my website, said Moore so that people can see
that what he said was just absolutely wrong.
Absolutely.
Right.
Turn to the war in Iraq, Moore accused Gupta, who spent time embedded with US troops in
Iraq and the mainstream media at large refusing to ask our leaders the hard questions and
demand the honest answers.
Morely, the blame for the continued US involvement in the war in Iraq at the feet of the media
arguing that they feel that they do their jobs and question the Bush war policy, Blitz
Grudy refused to argue with Moore about Iraq and instead steered the conversation back
to the topic of healthcare.
Moore was asked which of the US presidents of candidates he thought would best fix America's
healthcare system.
He didn't name a specific candidate but said that the Democratic candidates is a whole
need to be more specific about how they plan to achieve their goal of universal healthcare.
Our own government admits that because of the 47 million who aren't insured we now
have about 18,000 people a year who died in this country just because they don't have
health insurance.
That's 6, 9, 11s every single year concluded Moore.
We need universal healthcare that's free for everyone who lives in this country.
It'll cost us less than what we're spending now lining the pockets of those private
health insurance companies or these pharmaceutical companies.
After the interview, Blitz Grudy found sympathy from fellow CNN hosts Lou Dobbs and Jack
Cavarty.
After watching that Michael Moore interview said Cavarty, I've decided whatever CNN's
paying it ain't enough.
As the kissed Wolf says, this is very, very Israeli, pro-Israeli Jewish ass.
And then it's got the video on there from the situation room.
It looks like his boat camper would say a really bad situation for Wolf.
Tenth and Wolf don't forget it's a pretty good movie.
Okay.
Don't read the reviews on there and I'm, you know, IMDb or I won't.
It's one thing I've learned.
Check it out.
It's bad enough to read the reviews of like movie critics to discover what you want to
go see if looking out.
That's bad enough.
When we read this stuff, just everyday shluppers put out there.
Forget about it.
What's all they know?
It's good.
It's a good mob movie.
And of course, I know you love mob movies.
Sure.
And it's got James Martin in it, which you wouldn't hold it against him in the fact that
he looks so good.
It's got a lot of ugly people in it too, so you'll feel better.
Oh man.
Although I checked out a course during the break.
I checked out some pictures.
He looks better than Bill Smad.
I'll say that.
But then again, but then again, so does your ass.
Thank you.
Wow.
No, did you, did you, you haven't seen that picture yet?
No, no.
I'm going to have to email that to you.
I eat for the length of time.
It's really that illuminating.
Father time, sandy claws and eel gibbons.
930 votes on our award any pool today.
Kristen even have to be like Brickaswet today to get to a thousand.
See how much greater it is what I'm here to do these polls, Chris?
It's the wonder by the hand down the garden pan, huh?
It's wonderful when you hear the push the pole.
Yeah, quick kiss in my ass.
You're not fooling anybody.
Fendho.
What?
Cindy she and the fallen soldiers mother who galvanized the anti-war movement said
Sunday that she plans to run against House Speaker Nancy Pelosi unless, unless Nancy moves
to House President Bush in the next two weeks.
You go, Cindy.
I'm going to move to California just so I can vote for her.
What do you say?
All right.
She and Sid shall run against the San Francisco Democrat in 2008 as an independent if Pelosi
doesn't file articles from impeachment against Bush by July 23rd.
That's when she and enter supporters out of Riven Washington DC after a 13-day caravan
and walking tour starting from the group's war port to a site near Bush's Crawford Ranch.
Democrats at Americans feel betrayed by the Democratic leadership she and told the AP.
We hired them to bring it into the war.
I'm not too far from San Francisco.
So it would be too big of a move for me.
I give her a run for a money.
She said she kick her ass in Frisco.
You know that?
She would cook her a big fat smelly ass.
Messages left with Pelosi staff were not immediately returned.
The White House didn't comment on she and his plan.
They basically pretend she doesn't exist, you know?
Right.
She plans for official candidacy announcement today.
Sunday wrapped up on this expected to be her final week in at the five-ever Crawford
lot that she sold to California radio talk show host B. Walker who plans to keep it
open to protesters.
B. Walker that's not the one that's married to Jim Lampley is it?
Yes.
It is?
Yeah.
Why did you why did you post so long?
I was because I thought it was a trick question.
Why you thought I was going to say something grotesque about the fact that she's got no
what is it?
She has fused fingers and tears.
She has fused fingers what does that mean?
They look like flippers kind of like flipper like bony nodded.
Do they look like Luke Calvin?
No.
No.
Not that good.
What is he about eighty now?
Luke Calvin ought to hang it up too may must be about a hundred years old.
See that's one thing you know most I will say this.
Most people at one time in their life there was a period of time that at some age when
they looked pretty good maybe it was when they first came out of their mother's womb.
Maybe I looked good then because since then never we had all covered in blood and mucus
of life.
Yeah well I'm saying compared to the rest of their life.
Thorded and pointy headed.
For some of us that was as good as we ever looked at that that's what I'm trying to say
to you.
She first came to Crawford in August 2005 during Bush's vacation and made me talk to him
about the war that claimed her son cases life in 2004.
She became the face of the anti-war movement during her twenty-six day roadside vigil at
12000 but it also drew counter protest of Bush supporters many of whom said she was hurting
troop morale.
She in who has never helped political office recently said that she was leaving the Democratic
Party because it caved into the present and of course she is absolutely correct.
Last week she announced her care about a Washington which he calls the People's Accountability
Movement.
I didn't expect to be back so soon but the focus is different than it was before she
had said Sunday instead of talking and making accusations we're going into communities
and talking to the people who have been hurt by the Bush regime we're finding out how
we can help people she be saying.
She in who turns fifty today said Bush should be impeached because she believes he missed
like the public while reasons for going for war.
Violated as a Geneva Convention by torturing detainees and crossed the line by committing
the prison sentence of Scooter Libby.
She said otherwise from Pigeon Mayor the domestic spying program and the inadequate and tragic
response to Hurricane Katrina.
How about first sluppers doing Orleans by the way they doing any better?
No.
She in said she hopes Pelosi frowns out a hell of impeachment so she can move onto her next
project including overseas trips for humanitarian work but if not she in said she's ready to
run.
I'm doing it to encourage other people to run against congress members who are not doing
their jobs who are be holding this special interest she in said Pelosi let the people down
and work hard to put Democrats back in power who we thought were a hope for change.
And you know why and what the deal was with that and that's because they were naive.
Yep.
Pelosi was elected to the House of 87 and became the first woman speaker in January and
the hubber and Drared.
She in said she lives in a Sacramento suburb of the decline of the close to city citing
safety reasons.
Here is outside Pelosi's district but there are no district residents who require
members of Congress according to the California Secretary of State's orifice.
I mean if Arnold can be the governor who is an Austrian Nazi bastard why the hell can't
she be a you know speaker of the House who is something anyway she ain't going to be
speaker of the House.
Yeah you are an e-dog.
That's right screw you Arnold you Nazi bastard you you fooling you below me and not only
that but oh you're fairing.
That too.
938 votes in the next hour we're going to go over a thousand easily we'll slide right
in there baby just like slide in a home plate during the night's all-star game are you
all pumped up about that now you're going to be watching Chris I don't know.
I don't know probably not probably not.
Well why not.
Can you think of all the more important than watching baseball especially a meaningless
all-star game.
Alex Rio so was selected to be all-star game from the Toronto Blue Jays congratulations.
You're not excited about that?
No.
They like me so much here they changed the name from the sky dome which to me was one
of the best names of a stadium ever ever to the Roger Center just because I came here
like that huh you think it's just a coincidence don't you.
Sure.
That's a cable and the phone company everything is named Rogers down that's only because
of me anybody buying it no better than Bill Smith I'll take that that's that ain't
where it at is Bill Smith.
I have seen some pictures of some really funky looking people but you know something what
in a way it's good it looks like that because if he looked like like a real person
that somebody might actually listen to what he's saying.
Makes sense.
It's about Adam and Eve and not Adam and Steve.
My God.
1156-560-2202.
This is very quick whenever I shape my balls I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Yeah yeah.
Where's that y'all.
This is your boy Z-Mike.
See I even saw all this with like hooks and concepts right.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
there's like a 600
yeah what's that j suas
yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I Justin
I know you guys are getting a lot of crap.
Oh, he's still playing.
I think you know what?
I like it.
I don't really care what you like it or not or what they think I like it.
I don't care what you like it or not.
And you want to like it because you did that great editing job and everybody kisses your
ass boy.
George is in a phenomenal job.
And what he did.
I do like it.
So why do we have to listen to these other losers?
They're like Chris.
Well, you know, I'm weak.
I listen to anybody.
Yeah.
The day when we start letting Chris program the show that's the day we might as well hang
it up like, and then let Greg be the upcoming.
Then you'll appreciate me once you have to work with Greg be the.
I believe the complaint was that it was played too much.
Too bad.
I thought you can't play it at all.
It's like sex.
You can't have too much.
Same thing with that bid.
Like sex that ever crumbly in fish.
Although, you know, I don't want too much.
I just like a little bit would be good to start.
Oh, go.
What a place.
Not to what you're weak.
Look at this.
Hi, Alia.
Trucker shot friend of the face with a shotgun for grabbing his butt.
What's his sports thing?
Let me say to you.
When I see a guy put his hand on others guys as baseball's very big for that in football
is what you don't see that in hockey because real men play hockey.
That's a real sport.
But in baseball and football, baseball more than any other.
They pat each other when he asks.
And the manager comes out of the pitching coach comes out to make a pitching change and
he takes the ball from the pitcher and what does he do to Chris?
He pass him on the ass as he leaves the amount.
Am I right?
Yeah, usually.
Almost every time he gets to put his hand on to me that's.
Yeah, I don't care what anybody says.
You just tell him, jealous.
It depends on who the pitcher is.
If it was Justin Thompson, I would have been real jealous.
Whatever happened to him.
Oh, God.
Man, he was cute.
Highly a truck driver killed his friend with a shotgun last week because the man grabbed
his butt-ox in a sexual manner police said, how do you grab your somebody's butt-ox
in a sexual manner as opposed to what other kind of a manner is there?
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
What other kind of a way is to grab somebody's ass in a non-sexual way?
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
I don't know.
Maybe your doctor can, but other than that.
Maybe the administration is in order at the Abercrombie in bitch.
Oh, my God.
And I'll take you where else.
And now I don't want to get, you know, side-track from the story.
I'll get back to it.
But how many times do I talk about the fact that Indian guys are like underrated as
far as their looks?
And that's because most people run away because of the career role.
You know, oh, gee, I don't want to look at these people.
They smell like curry.
And that's because it's all they eat.
There was a young man, I would say around 20.
Oh, there he goes again.
It was 20-year-olds.
That's right.
It would buy me yesterday.
Playing with his buddy.
I mean, playing the sauce with his buddy.
In fact, they look like maybe they've been playing together other things.
He was so good-looking that it just penetrated my brain.
That's how handsome he was.
Handsome.
You're brave.
Are you sure I handsome?
Now why is it that Indian men, so many of them are so good-looking, and Indian women,
although not that I pay that much attention, I don't recall ever seeing like too many really
beautiful Indian women.
Am I wrong?
Yes.
I am wrong.
Yes.
Well, there you go.
So I'll leave that to you.
And I'll take with the eyes.
Big beautiful eyes.
Mmm.
I really was tempted.
I mean, not tempted really that I would do it.
But it crosses your mind that you would like to go over and say, you just can't say to
people about how beautiful you are, you know, like that.
Right.
But you can't say that to people.
You can't walk over to a guy and say, man, you are really something else.
That's right.
You're an old bag approaching a guy.
Yeah.
Well, what if I wasn't a little bag?
What if I was a young guy like him and I would have gone over.
He'd probably say, well, that's a boogie, baby.
Well, he was, I think, a little bit of a comb.
But anyway.
Yeah.
Can we get back to this highly-attract driver?
He killed his friend with a shotgun because the man grabbed his buttocks in a sexual manner.
His buttocks.
Rolando Aguilar has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Omar Feebles.
Where's that Feebles?
FEV LES has got to be Feebles.
Where it can't be Feebles?
Feebles?
What would he mean?
You don't know.
It's got to be his spatic.
It's first of all, it's in Hyal.
His first name is Omar.
And unless he's a tent maker, maybe he's a terrorist, I don't know.
I would say Feebles.
Feebles.
And then what I just said, don't start with that pendejo again, stuff.
I wouldn't.
Highly police at AAR 55 confessed to killing Feebles for the year on the 4th of July.
On Hank's birthday, oh.
According to reported, the heroed Aguilar told police that friends have been drinking
together and decided to stay the night at Aguilar's apartment.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
No.
Now we get to the meat of the matter.
The two men were sleeping in the same bed when Feebles woke Aguilar with his sexual
advances, prompting Aguilar to re-tree this shotgun from the closet and shoot Feebles
in the face in the push.
Aguilar then ran to the bathroom to make it look like a burglary, police said.
He killed him dead.
Well, let me ask you this.
Why was he sleeping in the same bed?
Uh, I think they said they were drunk.
Was there what it was?
I'd like to know.
Not drunk enough to rest out in the same way.
Not drunk enough to detect those sexual advances on his back bone buttocks.
Apparently once he detected them, that's when he rejected them.
I see.
Not a good idea to be grabbing some of these buttocks in the middle of the night.
Not unless you ask permission first.
Unless it's somebody you know pretty good.
Get a signed waiver.
You know, notarized with the witness.
There was no mourning at the funeral.
I mean, you knew how to get to the store eventually and were this is so stupid, man.
Oh, please.
It's so typical of the kind of crap that people waste time with in America.
Cracker, please.
Yeah, cracker, please is correct.
Now let's bury the cracker word too.
Can we get out the C word?
Nah.
Maybe we can have a funeral for the C word that Bill Campersof said about the cool word.
Okay.
Haven't heard that in the Koon's age.
Can't say that no more.
What is with him anyway?
Did somebody get to him or did somebody like grab his buttocks too hard in the locker room
sometime?
959 votes on the pool, by the way.
Let's get to a thousand a hour so we don't have to pock you around in that big one to
two hour.
Hundreds of onlookers cheered yesterday as the NAACP put to rest a long standing
expression of racism by holding a public burial for the N word during its annual convention.
Now I'm curious, but I'm looking through this CNN story and nowhere in the story does
it actually say the word because it's put to rest.
Oh, I see.
It's dead.
Oh, we're going to hear it again.
I thought God is dead.
It's out of respect to the word.
The ceremony included a march by delegates from across the country from downtown Detroit's
Cobalt Center to Hart Plaza along the way to horses.
Now what kind of a name word is that?
Persher Ron Horses, P-E-R-C-H-R-O-N.
Never heard of it.
Perch on this.
Two Persher Ron Horses.
I have no idea what that is.
Am I going to pretend that I do because I mean I know a little bit about horses but not
that kind.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if I'm the racing network.
There's horses racing running round and round and people losing their money on them.
At the overweights number one, Carol's pick carries three over.
Well, that's good.
But a three pound hoover.
No sweat.
Get off of my air cloud.
Get away from me without horse racing crap.
Anyway, they pulled a pine box at home with a bouquet of fake black roses and a black ribbon
printed with a derivation of the word.
The confidence will be placed at Detroit Memorial Park cemetery will have a headstone.
Oh my God.
Although that's the appropriate place for it though I would think, isn't it?
Indeed, right?
Sure.
Today we're not just bearing the N word.
We're taking out of our spirits at Detroit Mayor Kauami Kilpatrick.
We're bearing all the things that go with the N word.
We have to bury the pimps in the hose that go with it.
Oh, what are they?
I hope they have got a lot of headstones, because there's a lot of pimps in a lot of hose.
He continued, die and word of me don't want to see you around here no more.
That's what he said.
The N word has been used as a slur against black.
From what other centuries says CNN, it remains a simple racism but it's also used by black
when referring to other blacks, especially in comedy routines and rap and hip-hop music.
This was the greatest child that racism ever birthed said the word.
Now that was within A by the way when I just said, does that make it okay if it ends with
an A?
What word did you say?
No, you know what I'm saying, no it's it.
Yes of course.
If it ends in an A then it's okay.
If it ends in E.R.
Did you say what I thought you said?
Don't err by saying that.
Right.
This was the greatest child that racism ever birthed.
Reverend Otis Moss, the turret assistant pastor at Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago
said in his Eulogy, had a eulogy for their word.
Let's bury a bunch of words, okay?
Like work.
Public discussion on the words using increased last year following a tired by a sign-filled
actor Michael Richards who used it repeatedly at an LA comedy club, responding to a Hechler,
he later issued a public apology, too late.
The issue about racially insensitive remarks heated up earlier this year after talk show
host Don, I'm a subscriber.
Black members of the Rutgers University Women's Basketball team as...
As...
That's your cute George.
What?
Oh sorry.
Matthew Edadol.
And WACP National Board Chairman Julian Bond repeated a call during the opening address
on the net for the 98th annual convention which runs through Thursday.
While we're happy to have sent a certain radio cowboy back to his ranch, we ought to hold
ourselves to the same standard bond said, if he can't refer to our woman as hoes then
we shouldn't either.
Lots of good points Julian.
I always liked Julian Bond until he made some comment about sending the cowboy back to
his ranch to his ranch.
Black leaders including the Reverend Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton have challenged the entertainment
industry in American public to stop using the inward and other racial slords.
Well guess what guys, when you stop using it then maybe we will, okay?
The end of the lay held a symbolic funeral in Detroit in 19...
What year is that?
11 for Jim Crow.
The systematic mostly seven practices discrimination against and segregation of blacks from the
end of post-Aboric construction of the mid-20th century.
Can that possibly say 1911?
Maybe.
I don't know.
I can't read this.
So this is one of those typo things you know.
But it makes it always more exciting.
It makes it more of a challenge when you can't read the damn number or the word or stuff
like that.
And now that Miguel isn't around anymore, who am I going to piss off by reading all these
important bedtime stories on it?
Oh he's still listening.
He's still listening.
Is he still listening?
I can't hear that.
Hey, call that.
Hey, call that.
Love you Miguel, we miss you badly.
And you replacement by the way, somebody, now who is it that did it?
Someone in that department.
Someone on the promotions that I'm the only one who's listening.
I hear that he had Miguel would have been there with me.
Not really.
That's right.
Not really.
He's not the only person from other point of view.
Some jerk or a sissy.
Some jackass.
Some don't.
This is Joe Boyle in the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the
hockey authority, Neil God.
Hey everybody, I'm Brown and Brown.
Accountable for everybody, Brown and Brown.
That's a human being.
I'm a big disappointment, but I got a Brown nose and I know it's where I'm on it.
There was no rush to get them saved.
They don't vote Republican anyway.
I did everything I possibly can to show myself home for the clue that's planned.
Oh, what a job I had as a vector of freedom.
When I'm much more than a wiserly skimmer and a clueless son of a bitch.
Absolutely.
It's his gigs, Brown goes in the bridge.
It's his gigs, Brown goes in the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out in gone.
But W said I did one heck of a job and it sure pays off.
To be a Brownie and another YMASD Christian, Bonnie, the National God is down then down.
We thought it was just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is pink-y-pain.
Older hurricane gave us a big EC.
40-year-old consul is je neary like a giant republic in Swingy.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
How believe compassion's what we elect.
It serves the right to have less blacks and you descend as you say.
It's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have it black.
In the first place, this is no time to blame the blame game.
Since we know that furry kings are called by kings.
Who are not the right kind of Alma?
Lights caught him at clenin' and caroled.
Well, oh, we're achieving a marriage in right-wing dream.
You make everybody white like me.
And an ignorant son of a bitch who gets his job.
Brown knows a new bitch.
Oh, how I miss getting my new baby in horses.
I'd rather do that than watch floating corpses.
This I'm a negligent murderer now.
And I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
I'm a negligent murderer now.
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
Yeah, he was a bad public official.
He should be executed brownie brown time.
We should take a pegs out of the Chinese book.
China executed the former head of its food and drug watch right on today.
For approving untested medicine and new change for cash,
the strongest signal yet from Beijing that it's serious about tackling its product safety crisis.
If it's made in China, don't eat it.
That's good plan.
Or Mexico.
His execution was confirmed by state TV in the official Shinwai News Agency.
The few corrupt officials of the SFDA are ashamed of the whole system
and their scandals have revealed some very serious problems.
Agency spokeswoman Yan Ying-Yang.
Yan Ying-Yang.
He said a news conference.
That's a surname.
Yan Ying-Yang.
Yan Ying-Yang.
Yan Ying-Yang.
Yan Ying-Yang.
Wing-Ling.
Said a news conference held a highlight efforts to improve China's track record on food and drug safety.
They were embarrassed because they killed your dogs and cats and stuff like that.
And then there were people getting bad toothpaste.
And all of these things.
All of these things.
Tainted toothpaste.
You thought it was toothpaste, but taint what you thought.
I looked up in Wikipedia.
Niga is a term used in African American vernacular English.
Ibonics it says.
Now, why would they dignify Ibonics as if it was like seeing them using it?
They need to call it something.
The teacher needed to call the...
How about the literature?
See, they couldn't say that.
How about illiterate?
We know what that is.
Listen, wink, wink.
Come over here.
We're going to tell you a secret.
We can't tell these kids that mommy and dad are your bunch of ignorance that don't talk right.
So we've got to call it something.
We've got to call it something.
Ignites that won't offend them so that we can teach them to have not speak.
We call it bubba.
Everybody misinterpreted that as a whole thing.
It's a real play.
Yeah, but you've got to call it something.
I like that.
The Ibonic play.
Anyway, it's an African American vernacular English that began as an idol like form of the word and then it's got the inward type of it or not.
Which is derived ultimately from the Latin word, knee, knee.
See, I don't know how you would say that in Latin because you wouldn't say a G wouldn't be knee-jerk like in the...
You know, they'd like to say to the Italian or Spanish men.
Meaning the color black.
They'd go black.
Knees.
I don't know how you say it.
In Latin.
I mean, I had three years of Latin and I conduct my math and I was a result.
How was it spelled?
N-I-G-E-R.
N-I-G-E-R.
Right.
N-G-E-R.
I beg your pardon?
N-G-L.
And then you write this for me.
And me and the color black.
So it's like, it's just like...
It just means you notice all these things going on.
It's like schwarz.
Right.
Schwarz in German and in English means black.
Schwarz here means a person.
I've worked through this a million times.
And of course Moe used to get all that.
And then you go under the guise of stick.
He's saying things you ought to have a bullet in the brain.
What's wrong with that?
There is nothing derogatory about the word in and of itself.
Other depending on the usage, okay?
Right.
It's like Jew.
You know, I'm a Jew.
If you said you're a Jew bastard.
It might be a derogatory, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
Or if you said you damn Jew.
You mocky Jew, kite bastard.
And he said that.
It might be slightly derogatory.
And I might take Umbridge with that.
Even though of course I'm not really interested in any of the bubbling mice.
These were the trapping except the Adeli, you know?
I do like the Dile.
I like my cheese mice.
Sure.
What are you playing?
What is that crap?
DMX.
What is this?
It's DMX.
He likes that word.
He uses it a lot and he's entitled to.
So we don't want to hear him.
We don't want to put that word on the ear.
You crazy or what?
What?
Next to be playing that nappy headed hose thing.
Nappy, nappy, nappy, nappy headed hose.
987 votes on the pole rhymes with hope.
I mean it's all part of it.
Well, I don't want to go in.
I don't want to go in.
How do you get me solid?
That's because of the funeral for the end word, you know?
That's right.
I didn't play that.
I had nothing to do with it.
I seen it on the news.
And of course I saw that story there and I figured you know you'd be really depressed if I didn't cover it with a blanket.
That's right.
I mentioned it.
Well, we're sure that Bob Barker and Richie have hung up their microphones.
What other old cout or broadcast legends should seriously consider hanging it up?
Larry King.
291 votes.
He's been leading from the get-go as they say.
And he's just crushing the competition here.
Andy Rune 153.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
142.
Barbara Walters.
97.
See, if Andy Rune and Paul Harvey are 88 and they're still on the year and still making a lot of money,
then how come I can't be on till I'm 88?
That would be great.
That would be another 24 years.
By that time Chris would be like an old man and George would be like Methuselah.
Right?
Paul Harvey.
142.
So those three who got the big numbers, after that it's kind of like small taters.
Barbara Walters got 97.
Regis Philbin 72.
The Humper.
Hank Goldberg 68.
Neil Rogers only 51.
Hank's got me by 17.
By 2.5 years and by 17 votes.
G Gordon Litty 49.
Roger Ebert.
We apologize to what's left of him 20.
What is that?
Is that something you're playing or what is that?
I'm not playing that.
What does that sound?
Or something outside?
Well a lot of sounds out here today.
Roger Ebert's got 20.
Keith Jackson's got 19.
Are you sure that he's actually still doing stuff Chris?
I don't know.
I said I don't know.
Keith Jackson.
That's I knew he was doing West Coast stuff.
Nooo, Nelly.
Tom McLaughlin's got 17 votes.
And the more safer he's the move in a very slightly,
he's got 8 out of 990,
which means after the break,
we'll have your 1000 votes.
This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
I took your calls to date Monix.
They say the future beat right for me.
Now again, it gets no job.
Because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like an old me growing.
The Monix thought they had this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
I'm not going to be a good boy.
But my heritage says that's OK.
Change my name to Chute Rowan.
Drive a Duke Senicoda in a Cadillac.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars,
hanging outside the building there bar,
grinding the blues out poverty.
White Dillers got snowed, y'all foesy and high, high.
Though the Monix will give my life a change now, high, high.
Got to go in and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine.
Litty would have bought it in the song.
Robotics makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They've a fool, sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Robotics ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch, steal a purse and pull her hair.
Then I'm going to take some money.
I'm gonna give it my life a day,
but it's very old and fridge-y.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars,
hanging outside the building there bar,
grinding the blues out poverty.
White Dillers got snowed, y'all foesy and high, high.
Though the Monix will give my life a change now.
Cuts to go with their moe crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack cocaine crack
we gonna play a game we be shipping ships that ride and he finally can be the name you take a punk a joke with a boy it fusses some skills to make it right check out without a ticket you have it's got a gold cash
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
oh no you should know.
I try to call it, keep my phone in, I pull it
Now try your little quick fuck, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
We keep on it's been
We keep on it's been
1235 at 560 WTQA, I want to get this straight now
According to the urban dictionary, there are 20 different definitions for the word pendejo
Alright
Now remember we were talking before the show today about the difference between Spanish words and Mexican
All the languages have their own distinctions
Number one, pendejo is a Spanish slang from idiot, stupid or dumbass
Right, a two, pendejo is a single pubic here
That's right, that's the Cuban technical definition, but still it's used as a dumbass
Can I continue reading that?
Yes, you must, I mean, do I, I guess I don't really need to read any of this if you have the definitive answer
No, just a commenting as you go
In Mexico's slang it's used as an insult like idiot or fool, but in Peru's slang it's used to describe a smart guy with few or no scruples
Okay
Definition three, Spanish slang for A-hole
For Pendejo is Spanish slang, oh I see, well why do they have it there twice?
Oh I see
I'm EO to Add Esun Pendejo
Okay
But there is this jerk, doesn't say
Right
To Add Esun Pendejo Pedro
Okay
Number five, on the West side of San Antonio, Texas, I discovered that Pendejo means more than just stupid
Which is what I had been told, the connotation on the West side had more to do with being called an effing idiot
Naturally, this was not taken to well, requires some fancy explaining you get out of text-mix slang is tricky stuff
I like that on the West side of San Antonio
Numerous states, dumbass can be used as a term of indirma, I guess it says
Orale? Oh no, I'm not reading that word
No, what are they?
No, I'm the word I've heard before, the show today begins with the pen, you said you don't know the word, I'm not reading it
Okay, okay
It's not something you're lost sometimes you give them a little pinch
But anyway, Pendejo is a human here
For human people it is used to describe somebody who is cowardly or is a whoos
It's a whole P word, I can't read it
Pubes are always hidden and that's where the meaning comes from, it's there
I see
No, say as Tampendejo Alex
See, Tagusta a lot of Muchacha and something cool in that, I can't read it
I can't read
All right
Spanish slang with different meanings depending on the context
Can mean a whole or dumbass
Much less severe than English cuss words can be used as a casual insult
Depending on the context in which is used
Casual insult or whatever, let's see
I hate profusely a bit of you with it, that's older than you are, okay that bit, but you're right, it is good
He's all whipped up today, you want to know why?
Why?
I can't say it
All right, to begin aversary day
It's good for him
It's okay
No, good for us
Pendejo can be a term of endearmate but it can also be used as an insult depending on who you say it to
Very similar to the use of the N word, aha
To a friend, what's up Pendejo?
Pendejo, a similar to the how you doing?
To a stranger, what's up when the Pendejo is similar to what's something you a whole, aha I say
How do you like that?
So again it has to do with intent
A single tube of care especially around the bubble
Really though, and now we get back to Cuban again and if it's Cuban you know it has to do with ass
You know that, let me ask you about that
I guess you know all about it
And it says a person is referred to as such because he shows himself to be schmid on, wow
How do you like that?
Literally a big deal
Estetipo es un Pendejo
And what does that mean?
Everyone I want to know
He allows himself to be a crap ton
Is that what that means?
That's one of the applications there, yeah
A schmid
A Hispanic A-hole can be used as a term of endearmate
Yo Pendejo, Nise Mags, what does that mean?
I don't know that one
Oh, I don't think you know any Spanish
Nope, in Argentina usually a young person
Estes un Pendejo tiene dos aos
So what does that mean?
Oh it's so not fly in the Spanish circles I'm familiar with
So I can't use my Mexicans and Jicanos for A-hole
In Puerto Rican means Wuss, Sissy, Bitch, or Wimp
Boy this is good
I like words with 20 different meaning
Sure, you're always going to get in trouble with those
Upon further investigation I discovered that a Pendejo is literally a single pubic here
Used to describe someone of low value
Maybe used as a term of endearmate among chums
Yo Pendejo, get off my sister
Wow
I've heard of my cloud but get off my sister
That's a little another category
Pendejo means moron in Spanish
A sucker or stupid idiot
Number 19, similar to all the rest
More like someone who is a Wuss
And against got the P word but we better not say that
Or even make those sounds
And last and certainly least in New Mexicans slang
Pendejo means cop
Cop
Pendejo, huh?
As in police
Pendejo fact we are as in police station
Huh
In Mexico, I don't know what that is
That reflects their attitude towards law enforcement I suppose
Wow
And speaking of Pendejo, Bill O'Reilly is off here in Washington DC
You know that they took him off the air on a radio?
I did not know
Lost his affiliate in DC
What a shame I got him in a column by Steve Young about that
And of course in Miami Mark, he's still got a point
He has never moved the Richter scale kind of like man
Cali, you know?
When you've got a number in a book that starts with a
You've got Sirus Baby that means ain't nobody listening
You know?
Kind of like we had in that last book from 11 o'clock at night till midnight
When we had those, what do we have on?
O ESPN radio
Which at least they pushed back till
Well like tonight we got it on after the All-Star game
Because we know nobody is going to be listening to the All-Star game
Who would be listening to it on the radio when it's on free TV
And everybody is at home by that all right?
People drive it around
Who's going to be driving around between eight midnight?
And unless they're going to the police concert
You going?
A wish
And anybody got tickets I want to go
No you know that's something you might enjoy
I would enjoy it and I was not able to tell you in the building
Hook you up for that
In the building
Yeah
I was about to say
I was about to say
I was about to say
I don't think that's their thing
That's not their bag
That's the police
They're not playing Roxanne
No
Intervie death you make?
No
That's one of my favorite all-time songs
Every breath you take
I know we have discussed this in the past
I know you don't like that
I like it fine
They overplayed it to hell
But what?
Oh here we go with overplayed again
See here you go
That's got under the under the square now
It's like that
Yeah
See that overplayed business is I think over-stated over-done
Nevertheless
This song is so beautiful
I liked it before I got tired of it
I get chills from it
Yeah
You liked it before you hated it?
Like the war
You were forward before you were against it
Is that how it was?
Right
It's nothing like
Like that
You got a thousand four harts on the floor by the way Chris
I noticed that you'd Chris is kicking up a new style now
Exactly
I'll run the control room
If you're not doing it
Get some exercise you cow you will do it
Tell him to stay alive for Chris' sake
Are we gonna like play the police instead of
Why not break her wire?
We can do the break anytime you want
Sing of Michael Jackson
Talked to Katie Holmes and Whitney
He's just in the long battle with crack
Sick of me hearing Paris' silken voice
And how Jeff will take Brad back
Sick of the Olsen twins
And here in Lindsay Lowe will ask so much
Wait she's not just bones
Don't want to hear about Ben at Black
Or when Russell Frost starts throwing bones
Those don't so let parentheses are always in trouble
Katie's still the end of scene
Always on the cover of the tabloid
Magazine's I've got my own problems
I don't give a damn in Jessica's the mid-nick
All what knew what big shit it flicks and deep things
Sick of seeing Britney
Then be more Cameron D as her boyfriend Justin Timberlake
All along that mob plastic wonder voice
And all of their boobs are fake
Tired of Mariah
Britney's a wager terror reed of Bret and Hillary Buff
Sick of hearing Demo Beliegg
Shut your mouth I've had it nuts enough
Those don't so let parentheses are always in trouble
Katie's still the end of scene
Always on the cover of the tabloid
Magazine's I've got my own problems
I don't give a damn in Kirstie
All he loses weight
Or crazy or he loves current mental state
Drugs and you know and why don't you start off
Actually with my first appearance back here on your show in three years
And maybe apologize to me for saying that three years ago
Because it turned out everything I said in fair night was true
Everything's come to happen everything I said I mean I was I took you in that film
To Walter Reed Hospital in it took three years before you were any of the rest of the mainstream media
Would go to Walter Reed Hospital and see what was happening to our troops
So for me to have to sit here and listen again to a more crap about socialized medicine
Or how the Canadians have it you know worse than us and all this all the statistics show
That we have a far worse health care than these other industrialized countries
Were the only ones that don't have it free and universal
And you know there's a there's a you said that the Germany was the only one that was better than us in terms of weight times
The Commonwealth fund last year showed of the top six countries
We were second to last next to Canada
Look I saw the film and and it's a powerful
I saw Dr. Sanjay goop over there and bet it was a principle of the war
He and the others of you in the mainstream media refused to ask our leaders the hard questions
And demand the honest answers and that's why we're in this war we're in the fifth year of this war
Because you and CNN Dr. Gupta you didn't do your jobs back then
And now here we are in this mess what if you'd actually done the job on that
That's why anybody who hears anything of what you say now about universal health care
Should question what you're saying what you're putting out there you didn't do the job for us with a war
You're not doing it with this issue and I just I just wondering when the American people are going to turn off their TV sets
And put listening to this stuff right?
Right right now would be good. I mean like you go Mike how you like that?
I like it a lot. And there's a little blitzkrieg would it be?
Yeah yeah yeah yeah. I mean lining them though, yeah.
Michael Moore posted a lengthy critique of a CNN reality check that attacked his newest film, Sico
Which examines flaws in the West Healthcare industry
In a heated exchange with situation room post the anxious wolf blitzkrieg
The second part of which is said to air tonight at 7 o'clock by the way
Moore said the four minute report which aired immediately before his appearance was biased
On his website, Moore said the Sico truth squad refuted many of the findings in Dr. Sanger Gupta's reporting
Which concluded that Moore did fudge facts some facts in the movie he fudged it
This is libel the website says there is not a single fact that's fudged in the film
We expect CNN to correct their mistakes on the air and apologize to the reviewers
Moore's website also posts links to discussions of his appearance on prominent liberal blogs
Including Crookson Liars, Huffington Post and Brad Blog
Rachel Sklar writing and Huffington Post said the clip is spreading around the net like wildfire
And Brad Blogs Brad Feedman applauded Moore's dead on target ass whooping to hapless wolf blitzkrieg and friends
How'd you like that? He was just ripping him an ass?
Yes, ripping him a bigger one
Long overdue baby, they need to be taken off the air now
I want to do this because the journalists and the doctors are going to be better
But I'm going to be better by Dr. Sanger Gupta he's busy banging all the chicks there at CNN
Gupta backs up more is finding that the US healthcare system is number 37 on the WHOS rankings of healthcare systems around the world
But Gupta encourages viewers to hold on before believing Cuba's healthcare system is better
After Moore takes people out of receive treatment because Cuba ranks lower than the US coming at number 39
Sikko shows the who list including Cuba's placement below the US some more says he's not trying to deceive anybody
The fact that the healthcare system in an impoverished nation crippled by our decades old blockade including medical supplies and drugs
Ranked so closely to ours is more an indictment of the American system than the Cuban system more as website says
In his piece Dr. Prupta says Moore is wrong in asserting the US spends $7,000 per person on healthcare compared to Cuba spending $25 per person
Putting the figure for the US at $6,096 per person and Cuba spending at $229.
More links to a study from the Department of Health and Human Services that projected health spending for 2006 at $7,092 per capita and $7,498 for 2007
As for Cuba Moore's site says Dr. Prupta and CNN need to watch Sikko first before commenting on it
Sikko says Cuba spends $251 per person on healthcare not 25 bucks is pooped the reports
And the BBC reports that Cuba's per capita health for expenditure is $251 just like it says in the freaking movie
And Prupta is wrong in asserting Americans that have just slightly longer than Cuban's Moore says
Just the opposite the website says the 2006 United Nations Human Development Reports Human Development Index states
The life expectancy in the US is 77.5 years in Cuba 77.6 years
The CNN report also states the fact that Americans have shorter wait times than everybody but Germans for non-emergency treatment like HIPAA placements or NEA repairs
Moore says this isn't the whole truth and that for Sikko is waiting for a doctor's appointment only Canadians have longer wait times, eh?
In New Zealand 81% of patients get the same one next day appointment for a non-routine visit
The comparable figures were 71% in Britain 47% of the US and 36% in Canada
Moore also refutes CNN's airing over healthcare aim list explaining that citizens in other countries pay higher taxes to fund the more expansive healthcare programs
The movie never claims that healthcare has provided absolutely free in other countries without tax contributions from citizens more points out
Along with the fact that half of all the bankruptcy in the US are triggered by medical bills according to MSNBC
The truth squad did not mention the conclusion Gupta reached in this report that there's one fact everyone agrees on
The system here should be far better
How do you like that?
Dr. Puptus is that
It sucks it blows not as much as Joyce though and you know we haven't played in a long long time even a little bit on this show
We have no far sounds anymore
Haven't played even just a little tiny bit of that
And you know keep in mind that somebody lied to us about that
Well corporate doesn't want you to play that no mo you know no mo
Don't don't do it all other crap
And little Tom jica sits over there and his little ivory tower right and about well you know maybe a fun and entertain
It wouldn't be so bad going back to that you know ho ho like that you know
I think very fun and entertain would be like to yank out his last remaining here is follicle by follicle starting with his belly like that
All right speaking of Pentejo
Well it is a pretty old pubic here yeah right we'd like a tweezer
How are we doing on the pool by the way Neil look it's side track with a little Tommy jica again he hates you like pussy
He doesn't like to show you know what too bad Tommy guess what we like it we like it
We like it so that Neil and the show kids
Scott Barrell and William up in Belkettica slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers iron balance one to two hours
All right look who that is everybody look who that is
No no no look who that is that is the winner he wins
He's a racing winner race around the car that is the race driver that never wins that is the winner he wins
Now she here are you kids they call me mr. Ritz
Oh one day you will not win a race in the rocket
Adia or where are they baby you showed up by today
Oh oh mr. Ritz and you wins a race
Oh well I came in and started this place
Well your uncle tells them it's on the plane
Well get that on him how's about a date
I'm gonna aim on a date that chance not a few teeth calling it last
That why you don't go out with me
You make you slow you can't look where I may be slow on the street
But I show be passed on my feet
They call him mr. Ritz
2016 votes out our award winning pool how are we doing with the Humper on that that's the real battle there
People want to somebody to hang up through a microphone
Larry King the wind's hands down
Hank's got 69 oh sorry and I got 51 he's got me beat big time
You think I can catch him if you start now
No he's running a lot faster than I am
Maria Guerrero's 911 cost started out calm Sunday morning a soft measured voice
She tells it especially that her ex-boyfriend Mario wouldn't leave her alone
You're not gonna like my take on this story you want to know why
Well let's see what your take is and then I'll let you
Okay
When we went through the recording and I'm loving this fancy
Hip-hop part of the man's wild night wielding attack
That authority say left Guerrero and her roommate would stab wounds
And the ex-boyfriend Mario Cruz dead from a deputies gun
The call came and we'll see I saw the story on the Sun Center website
Whenever the hell what when did this happen Sunday morning so I guess I seen it yesterday
Right and Mario even though he's dead and even though he was obviously out of control and the wild man
He was a good looking guy I said and you know me I always started with the good one
I do know that well that's right calls he must have some reason the call came
Oh that is so bad
The call came in just after 6am from a home in the 7100 block of Southgate Boulevard in Tamarack
Guerrero complained that Cruz had been knocking on the windows all morning and wouldn't leave
He's not welcome to my house and he knows that he was just trying to get it in my house
And he's not letting me or my roommate sleep Guerrero told the dispatcher
He's knocking on my windows have been telling me to leave for the past hour he hasn't been listening
Guerrero calmly added and I'm sure he might be violent
The dispatcher replied he has a history of violence
Yes he does Viral responded as the call goes on the noise in the background intensifies
The dispatcher asks is it Cruz then a huge crash? Oh my God
Oh my God
He just broke my window Viral Yield
The recording then becomes chaotic
Guerrero can be heard yelling at Cruz to leave she screams
Let me say it again she screams
He has a knife he has a knife and he's stabbing me Viral Yields of this dispatcher
Man he just stabbed us
That nice though that she said man that's always the right
When you get in the stab and she said man I can probably lost it
For last words of dispatcher our please for help oh my God
Oh my God
Help help please we need help help
Not long after that a deputy arrived in fatally shot Cruz
How's 27
Viral Yields of this dispatcher
Viral Yields of this dispatcher
Viral Yields of this dispatcher
Viral Yields of this dispatcher
Cruz's death marked the fourth time this year that a brown deputy is fatally shot somebody
I wonder if the first three was good looking as he was
He was a good looking guy
There's that old expression about you know the beautiful on the outside and also on the inside
Uh huh
Well I guess not
Not
He was beautiful on the outside
But nasty on him and maybe I don't know he's dead
The BSO identified that deputy lay the shooting is Gregory Stanley 34
He's been with the agency since 2002
He's been placed on routine paid administrative league to the investigations complete
The shooting rattles Shirley Mennick who moved to Southgate villas for solitude
Oh oh surprise Shirley
It's very unsettling said Mennick 71 is living in the housing complex and the 7100 block of Southgate
Boulevard for only a few months I came here for peace and quiet I haven't gotten any she said
According to the Sheriff's Office a raging cruise armed with two large knives
I was heard a barbecue grill through the bedroom window of Burrow's townhouse
Burrow and Nick far flood the apartment only to be chased down and stabbed by crews
A deputy shot crews when he refused to drop the knives
Good
Why is that good? Drop the knife
That's right
Well what kind of that?
That's like bows and arrows against guns man
I just don't get it
Yeah I guess who wins
Well I've sound to me like here
From the front of the wall that shows you did with D-Full all those years
Do you ever end to work his show?
Yes
I'm so sorry
Whatever
Investigators have a release they loaded for the attack but Burrow repeatedly tells crews the night of a recording that he was not
Inemily involved with anyone else
Burrow who was released Sunday from University Hospital can be reached for comment
Her next door neighbor Miguel Diaz 28 said Burrow and crews had moved to South Florida from Jersey
They pair lived together for a while and moved to part
Crews' parents can be reached for comment he does not have a criminal record in Florida
And he won't have one because he's dead
Men in whose front to outside walls and patio were still smeared with dried blood yesterday
Said she awoke Sunday to screams and pounding on her front door shortly before 6 a.m
I just heard those loud thumps
Then I heard this girl screaming she was really terrified said men who were called being too braggied asleep to immediately realize what was happening
With too braggied with sleep
Men in Slater Burrow's roommate is T-shirt soaked in blood collapsed on men in his patio
She went there for peace and quiet and she got serious
Now why are you doing with an accident like that? I mean does that sound Jewish to you? Mending? I don't know
Hmm
Do you have to be Jewish to talk like that? I think you do
A rapid swing of gunshots from a deputy fall with crews collapsing dead in the complexes parking lot
Why do they have to kill him for quite a while? He had knives that had a gun
Why do you have to kill him?
Because why?
Knives are deadly weapons
Yeah
And with a close...
Actually another deadly weapon too but doesn't mention that one in the story
Well you could go check it out I'm sure he's on ice
Oh he's not that he's dead
I can go have a cold one
Oh no
Diaz said Nickfarrer had recently moved into the villa with Barerro
He said he saw Nickfarr moving belongings into the unit on Saturday
He described Barerro as quite a nice
A Monday her broken bedrubindo was boarded up with plywood
A damaged white Venetian blind hung above the broken glass in long loops
Barerro also punged on neighbor Jennifer Guzman's door leaving bloody streaks all over the white paint Guzman
Said Barerro was wearing a blue bathroom and her hand was bleeding Guzman
Said she was panicking saying please help me my ex-boyfriend is trying to stab her
I said Guzman 35
My ex-bottages gravy and a punky pie
How do you like that? Well that's a horrible story there and he got all whipped up
You know sounds like kind of an OJ thing good thing nobody got killed except him
Yeah
Well he was a good looking guy at least in the picture they put in the paper
Maybe they're just trying to make him look good you know
I've always told him that and it's true in society
And I'm not just talking about an old bag like me that's like a sucker for a pretty face a guy's face
And it's just in society we tend to sympathize with good looking people
Nasty looking people it's like oh you know and that's right
Weird looking people like John Mark Car for example that's what he's like
Who's back in the music and two but I'm not going to talk about he isn't nut
He's back in the news?
Yeah, oh they arrested they busted him for something it's on our website somewhere with a good point of response
I wouldn't read anymore about him that I would about Paris Freaking Hilton for Christ's sake
Was it Kitty Point?
Leasing that was not it had nothing to do with nothing like that I don't remember what it was
Well why are you pushing me on John Mark Car?
Just to be a one of them breaking back again? Just to be a bastard
Now he definitely looks like the ship had landed didn't he?
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
One day Starbucks when I'm traveling Manhattan and lies a feather stone and the nation says she had the privilege of attending several hours of the proceedings
On the way down Tantan she says I noticed that a young woman on the subway seemed to be using a brown paper Starbucks bag as a purse
And it did make a pretty nice handbag
Starbucks professions of concern for corporate responsibility are much like that attractive packaging
And the trial that began yesterday the nation's leading purveyor of coffee flavored milk drinks
Stands accused by the National Liberation's Board of 30 violations of employee rights especially firing workers for union organizing
Starbucks had seven lawyers present the two fired workers in question Daniel Gross and Joe Agan's junior both IWDW members were present
Gross wore a suit and looked sharp as any activist appearing before a judge probably showed Agan's went for a less formal look
A sleeveless muscle t-shirt
Oh that's right go to court and a sleeveless muscle t-shirt
Maybe the judge is a mighty colon
Today both sides waited through details of discovery meaning yesterday that is to say the NLRB lawyers asked for documents from Starbucks
And the company's legal team wind about how burdensome would be to get so many documents because since the turnover rate is so high
Many of the relevant personnel files are now in storage
It's very difficult to get the files out once they go in and stays the Eisenstein when a Starbucks leaked outside counsel argued with a straight face
More incredibly before the hearing had officially begun she disputed the NLRB's contention that there was a union campaign going on when Gross and Agan were fired
If that's a major cornerstone of Starbucks defense the company could be in trouble because the judge who seemed very fair minded and interested in reaching reasonable compromises didn't buy it
And a lot of discovery based on the assumption that the date of the union campaign was relevant also this ample public record of the campaign including media coverage
It'll be interesting to see what happens I can't be there for much of the rest of the trial unfortunately
So I hope other journalists and bloggers will go check it out they're taking today off and back in session money on it says lies a further stone in the nation
Well you might think I mean I know how much you hate the Walmart right you might stop frequently Starbucks so much not too
Maybe a little bit see see that how he picks and chooses who we don't like he likes that coffee latte crap at the Starbucks
I like a a venti moca latte fraccatino please do you really yes I did look for it with whipped cream
I haven't had one a long time because it's not good but I can't see that can influence me normal
I'm not a crap hey I'm on an all-time low man I'm doing great are you really yeah all-time low for like in the past 10 years at least
Wow now did I inspire you to do that or you did on your own on my own
Hmm thanks no problem
1024 votes on the pool who should hang up the microphone next Larry King 300 votes for he out of a 1020 he's got 301 now just changed again
Andy really I think I think Eric's got a button he pushes to change I mean I know it does change every few seconds how often does it change
Do you have any idea Eric's like every 60 seconds on the show is it that is that that long maybe 30 all I scared yeah I scared I feel today
Larry King 300 one Andy looney 168 Paul Harvey 145 Barbara wall wall 103 I think that Jean
Charlotte had the only other eyebrows that could compete with Andy looney member Jean Charlotte oh yeah
Well that's silly yes why why is it that there are people who go out of the way to look silly you know what I mean show business it's a gimmick
There's no business like show business show enough Paul Harvey 145 he's in turd Barbara wall just topped a hundred she's got 103
Regis 73 the Humper's got 70 he's pulling away from my bad ass thanks got 70 I got 51 I'm under 5% 4.9% that's safe
G Gordon Litty 50 Roger even 21 we apologize Roger somebody tell him pat him on the head keep Jackson 21 John McLaughlin 17 and Morley Savers got it we better play that McLaughlin the company thing or the biggest thing is for you to get
the
Now from Washington the McLaughlin group featuring Eleanor Cliff Jack Jamon and sitting in for Pat Buchanan New York giant
Tiki Barber now here's John McLaughlin issue one George W rings or vault Eleanor Cliff well John I'm not just
wrong Jack Jamon well that's not an easy choice wrong Tiki Bob I'm gonna have to say to both wrong actual answer for
exercise next issue Al Gore favorite Broadway show bringing the noise bringing the funk or cats
Elrond G I think it's well done well John I'm not too sad wrong Jackie Jackie big come on well it's a very difficult choice
wrong Tiki Bob I'm gonna have to say rent not a choice wiki Tiki Bob you gave it in your last time there wasn't a choice wrong
correct response cats he loves them next issue the cats a big brother should be murdered how Eleanor wrong Jack Jamon dynamite wrong Tiki Bob I don't think they should be
here wrong actual answer poison putting bye bye 18 at 560 that would show I haven't seen that show in a
coupons age you know I haven't seen it a very long time right also on Sunday morning at some odd time on either CNBC or MSME I don't
know where it is somewhere so if I can throw a seven votes on our award winning pool we probably could have made it to 1100
today but you know what we won't and I don't care I mean Chris and I could like leaned all over the audience but it's
you know Eleanor L.D.A. stay a Julio for Christ's sake in summer that's right I remember them summer time enjoy your
life that's all have a good time do whatever you're doing after you might do something what's that you forgot to
read a last but the end of the last hour I did yep I see I guess I could do I wouldn't lie I forgot
to be why why you tell me now at 18 past the hour well I didn't know maybe you're gonna pick up the last break
but you didn't say you know pick it up in the last break it was oversight on my part you should have been
screaming well I'll tell me to the other day yeah I don't know if I got the knife or approach this time well like I
said it's time to talk about my main man in the mortgage business Anthony Kelli and though recently over 64
lenders are going out of business that's just in the last six months what does that mean to you if you're looking for a mortgage
it means that the industry is making it extremely hard to get you deal done which is why you need the main man he's a get it
done guy some of these companies are so desperate for business they'll tell you anything under the sun to get you to call
them in the end all you're left with is false promises mortgage companies will come and go but not the main
man he'll be here through good and bad don't be fooled by companies promising the word of the
lyrics the main man isn't going to tell you what you want to hear he's going to tell you the reality
your situation so avoid the headaches close your own faster if the best rate going call the main
man tool free 1 800 main man that's 1 800 main man around line it's the main man dot com now what were you just
saying who oh nothing man correct five people including the husband of NASCAR official Lisa France Kennedy
and a toddler in his Sanford home were killed this morning when the small planes for going land or Orlando
Sanford International or for cracked into a home and birth into flames that's the story that he was out there on
again a lot of qualifications he's instrument ready they got the outer space they got the sky miles of Brian on
there if it flies he lies I'll tell you what boy and his parents in that Sanford home also
suffered critical burns and the fireball after the crash the kill back to Bruce Kennedy in a pass
to the twin engine says no 310 now do we know who these people are do we care about the people from
NASCAR and their officials and this and no I don't I don't know from NASCAR they had the some the
Jan pre here over the last weekend not not was it this yeah that I don't want to help us and they
close a whole bunch of streets and lakeshore and why do they do that in cities and they don't care about
the traffic and about the average run of the mill people they close all bunch of cities whether
it's a marathon races idiots running your funds or car races stuff on the streets of major cities why
do they do that money bastards John Adam 65 has led Mount Calvary free will back to
his church for 10 years in your Columbus Ohio he faces two felony counts the long time leader
of a pleasant township church is accused of downloading kidney porn on his home computer
oh my god John Adams one of the founders of our country one of these scientists is
right the race of independence upper Arlington police conducting computer surveillance
made 24th lengther kidney porn website to Northland and home of John W. Adams who faces two
felony counts of pandering police later search that him someone found two child pornography movies
on his computer according to an upper Arlington police officer has not to be named because he works under covers
Adam 65 has been passed to the Mount Calvary free will back to church in Darbydale for more than 10 years
he was in the Franklin County jail last night and will appear this morning in Franklin County Municipal Court
I guess he already done there here come to judge the two felony charges for pandering sexually oriented
matter involving a child and for downloading possessing kidney porn authorities said church leaders
will claim to me today if the church to discuss the situation I think the world of the person
Neil Warren stepped to a new radicator church said of Adams he's like a brother he is a brother
I think he's a mother we know another fact that he said the church is blessed that Adams had his pastor
coined Adams biography on the church website his biggest dream is to have each and every member of church
walk with him to the gates of heaven probably with little kids who would be there for his amusement and amusement
not another child molesting well we don't know him less than anybody but it sounds like he might like to you know
right he said it don't cost nothing to look
speaking of costing something John McCain he couldn't raise money in a whore house
John McCain's campaign manager and chief strategist resided in a major stash
shakeup for the struggling Republican presidential candidate who's all but broke and is the way lagging in the polls baby
bomb bomb bomb bomb around once the American public found out that McCain was insane they said I don't think I'm giving him no more money
or giving him my vote
in statements Tireen Olson the veteran of Bush's successful 2004 reelection stole an effort said he resigned his campaign manager
effective immediately and John weaver said he stepped down from his post of chief strategist
but other officials have spoken condition about an enmity to avoid discussing private conversations
and Nelson was fired several people close to Nelson disputed that characterization
other officials said Mark Salder was senior aid whom some consider McCain's alter ego will continue to devise him in a voluntary world
but will cease his day to day involvement in the campaign campaign my ass
I think he's finished over that seven o'clock to that I see it in the second part of the Michael Morthin Rippen Wolf
let's quicken a well deserved ass
send Wolf back to the Cabood so okay get him out of our face get him out of the situation room
jackass
to official said Rick Davis a long time a the McCain will take over the campaign
it's been a tremendous honor to serve senator McCain work on his campaign Nelson said
but it be put a boop it about as word of the changes became public McCain was on the center floor
defending the troop build up in a raccoon containing the reinforcements that only just been put in place
he made his sixth trip to Iraq last week proving beyond the shadow without his statements today that he is
but crazy is a bad bug he never met a war he didn't like make no mistake he said violence in bag that remains an unacceptable
high levels but the US and Iraq seem to be moving in the right direction McCain said the progress
on military has made should encourage us right and I think that the troops and these civilians who are dying now are dying more lightly than perhaps they may have been in the past
but he's a crazy guy maybe he knows what's the thing that the sma fil sma
and that guy on the beach did you see that picture yet or not no no maybe all maybe I'll email it to you
or maybe I won't I don't know
it's too much like work you know it's a little bit of a plus I got to work two full days this week but it's a poor sma
stupid as all story why don't they just eliminate the all-star games the carcress who now cares about it's like at the end of the day
nobody cares about the stupid as all-star game is no hitting the scores like 14 to 10 stuff like that who that wants to see a bunch of crap like that
nobody money is that what it's about of course nobody you know about that
I like that I have some I know that Chris would like to have some money anybody out there want to help them out
anybody want to make a donation to the Chris Raven survival fund no we think I understand the speed corner out there
where Miguel used to stand look what it did for him that's okay we sure miss our good friend Miguel you got screwed over by
good bye they killed you did your job real well by Jolly Raleigh Jodair brought another one of those flunkies from Raleigh in I think the whole city of Raleigh is going to be working
in the QM pretty soon I don't know what the unemployment rate in Raleigh is but it's going to be dropping real fast very soon
because all those shlippers up there that couldn't get hired in a panty rate they're going to be working a QAM nobody on that payroll
no wonder we can't make any money
I'm not a badger guy
I'm dying on the air
yeah
here
Rollin' runin' Rollin' rollin' in the morning
The big old hairy, caring glasses
On his boy, he's got a life in most cars
Childhood was tragic So it took a magic
He can fly up through what he can't have a car
This could not be harder
Here comes Mary and Father
Oh my God
Rollin' rollin' Rollin' rollin' in the morning
131 and 56
You better get with it, George
You better go and see the new hairy Potter flick
Or else you're gonna be gone and what?
Listen out, I'll pass
And here's the fact that says Uncle Eli
agree with George that some great songs do get played today
But every breath you take is one of those rare songs
that I never tire of hearing
And I would say amen to that
How could you not love that song?
I did once upon a time and maybe I listened to movie radio
then you, yeah
I got to play the death
And so you played it the death of the radio station
You played it the death of an hour and a half
And I heard it the other day
We have heard it in the pack of moonsies
So I was in 52 votes on our poll by the way
Oh you, you are
You are evil man, you are really evil
LAUGHTER
Wow, I'm so good at it even scares me
Victoria Colerber who writes in the San Francisco Chronicle
says, just do this because maybe some people will go out there and watch
Tickle instead of a hair hora
I think they could watch both
and I might watch Tickle because it's an outstanding movie
Need to be seen
The first half it's a little slow
and it's drags
There's something more important.
Why would you want to have a good healthcare system anyway?
Just give the people the money and die.
Right.
And just like Paris Hilton going, they're good taking care of him.
Filmmaker Michael Moore might be on us something in his new documentary Sick O says, Victoria,
these days few Americans are buying the claim that the US has the best medical system in the
world.
With poll showing that healthcare is Americans' top domestic concern, politicians are
scrambling to propose reforms, consumers are buying lower cost eye-mind drugs from foreign
sources, and some even become medical tourists to obtain affordable treatment in other countries.
Study sure Americans are not healthier, nor are they living longer than people in industrialized
nations that spend half per capita of what we do on care.
For example, a 2007 Commonwealth fund study that compared the US with five other nations,
Australia, Canada, Germany, New Zealand, and the UK ranked the US health system last.
The study looked at access to healthcare efficiency, equity, and health living among other
measures.
Healthy living.
In a 2000 report by the WHO, the most reasonable from the UN organization, put the US 37th
out of 190 nations in healthcare services right between Costa Rica and Slovenia.
France was rated number one, UK 18, Canada number 30, Cuba, a couple of noxes behind the
US at 39.
In a New York Times CBS poll conducted March Healthcare ranked as the top domestic concern, and
in Sick O, Moore highlights America's disillusionment with their healthcare system compared to
Texas another country including France, Canada, Britain, and even Cuba.
And like we said the other day, the part about Cuba is just enough to make you scream
and cry.
But of course it's all about your lies, you know, right?
Of course it didn't happen, nothing that.
I think Wolf Blitzkrieg ought to be executed on TV at 7.50 tonight.
Many health experts say, more likely glorify, and that they ought to have Dr. Sanjay pooped
the right in his lap too while they're pulling a swish.
Many health experts say, more likely glorifying other systems, especially the one in France,
still they accept his argument that other nations are doing a better job than the US
and providing coverage for all residents and making sure that people have access to
primary care and preventive services.
The US has a private system for all but the poor and elderly, the country's law, in Sick
O, have national systems funded primarily through the government.
We, unlike any other country, have 46 million people who are uninsured and that raises a
whole host of health and financial issues said, can through a professor of health policy
at Emory University.
Those issues are undermining the health of American civil studies of show, while the United
States may have cutting edge medical technologies, many people like access to such advanced care
limiting any positive health impact.
RS is really a sick care system with tremendous technical capabilities to deal with people
with serious illness, though, if said, he argues that it's far more cost effective to prevent
people from getting sick or release cases illnesses early through better monitoring.
Karen Davis, president of the Commonwealth Fund, a nonprofit foundation that supports
healthcare research said, many of the problems associated with poor primary care can be traced
to the fragmented structure of our healthcare system.
US patients have an act of trouble seeing the same doctor and sure notice, seeing multiple
doctors who sometimes fail to communicate with each other and for gold care because they
don't want to spend the money.
We tend to have more medical errors than other countries because of this highly specialized
fragmented system.
She said, more things can go wrong and they do go wrong.
Morris film has been criticized for showing the positive side of health systems in other
countries while glossing over negative aspects.
There's almost only positive attributes about the British differential human system invariably
no system is perfect.
I think this sort of detracts from this credibility on these comparisons, Steve Zuckerman,
health economist with the Urban Institute in Washington.
More ignores the fact that private coverage still exists in most countries with nationalized
healthcare and he hoids showing solutions other than adoption of a government-funded system
often known as single pair.
He's trying to be entertaining, but if the object appears to kick off a serious study
about the British and Cuba system as an alternative to the US system, you need a lot more than
what's presented in Zuckerman said.
In Zucko, more addresses one of the biggest criticism of the Canadian system, long wait
times for care, by asking patients and non-Intario emergency room how long they had to wait.
All responded that they got treated quickly.
But the Commonwealth Fund report found that both the US and Canadian patients were more
likely to wait six days and more for an appointment.
Waiting times for a specialist to elect a surgery were the shortest in the US and Germany.
US patients were less likely than Canadians to have to wait more than four hours in emergency
room.
More also implies that Karen Canada, Britain and France is virtually free, he dismissed his
claims that the French are overtaxed by showing the comfortable life of a French couple
who even have many left over to travel.
But La Vifreau say is an entirely ros.
It's not all ros.
The country has the highest unemployment rate of 9% along with high taxes.
In France, taxes are much more than 44% of gross domestic product compared to 46% of
the US.
Still, the US spends a higher percentage of its gross domestic product and the health
than any other country, more than 16% compared to France's 10.7%.
The US spends over six grand per person in public and private funds compared to 3,100
bucks per capita spending in France.
Americans living in France generally praise the French system.
Roderick Beck, former New Yorker, moved to Paris this spring, said the profit motive that
drives insurance companies as well as physicians is the central problem with the US health system.
One of those insurance companies doing at the most fundamental level, collecting cash
and paying off benefits at Beck 45, or so, for its health communications firm, governments
using taxation and simple healthcare card that do more efficiently do that more efficiently
than insurance-based system.
Bruce Gain, 41 US journalist living in France since 2003, said the French system is better
because the government strictly controls prices and the number of doctors per capita is
much higher than in the US.
And as far as medical technology goes, there are more doctors here to offer the latest
treatments and drugs that affordable cost gain said.
Davis to the Commonwealth fund said the US doesn't need to adopt nationalized healthcare
to improve efficiency.
For example, she said the Netherlands has a well developed system for after hours primary
care that would reduce emergency room visits.
There's a lot we can learn from other countries she said.
The WHO in 2009, the US 37th out of those 191 countries in healthcare, US life expectancy
is nearly three years shorter than average than Canadians and about two years less than
the French.
And the US spent about double in 2004 what France Germany Canada per capita in 2004.
All of these things.
But Dr. Poopdoth, thank you for some good propaganda there on CNN.
Knocked their satellites out of the sky, baby.
Knocked down the tower because there's something in the air.
You're sure as tower.
And you still don't have that.
Oh yeah, you did play that dude, didn't you?
Under Fabinuma.
I wonder if he's came to Alfred E, you think?
They're kidding.
You're president?
1060 votes and Chris is poor.
He's pretty pumped up about that even though he's not saying too much.
Oh, I love it.
It's awesome.
Thank you everybody.
Yeah, thank you everybody.
It's a great day.
Pretty tilt too.
Third man.
From Jolly Fadass Joe, about 30 million times.
I don't know what to tell you.
He's a funny guy that Jolly Joe.
And let's start my paycheck probably showed up again either yesterday or today.
Down there.
All right.
I got these.
Yeah.
Dave Josh Court is if you're listening, I got your check.
Well, you did get it.
Yeah.
How do you like?
Let me tell you right now.
I'm a witch, okay?
Which one are you?
I'm a witch.
Witch of Eastwood.
I really am.
If I could tell you how many times I've picked up that Blackberry and started to send it a text
message to somebody who was at the same instant messaging me.
Happens all the time.
To you too?
Sure.
Oh, then just, then I'm not a witch.
Good.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
You're pushing it too hard.
What was that?
One moment please.
I said 68.
I don't have a date for it.
Oh good.
I don't have a date for it.
What the hell is this?
I'm going to make a loud sound.
What does it say here?
I see.
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What does it say here?
What are they talking about?
What are these people doing here?
I'm on the air and I'm getting 85,000 messages here now.
Keeps it interesting, I guess.
Yeah.
I'm on the air and Muff Lindsay is...
But it'd be put a boop.
Whatever you want, I'll go ahead and sell it.
Okay, if you can sell something, we'll take the money.
You know how that works.
No paycheck.
I think I should go on strike right now.
Today is the 10th of July last time I checked.
Where'd it house my paycheck, Joe Bell?
Can you believe that?
As of 1.30?
No paycheck?
Oh, they got a pay-boke of Brian somehow.
They can't pay both of you.
Sooner or later, sooner or later,
eventually this always happens.
They've been nice and early and they're too early for a long time now.
And all of a sudden, I don't know why when you expected the least, no paycheck.
But what is that?
Sooner or later.
What's one here, a different version.
And Donna's got a version, different time.
What do we do about this?
I think you should...
I mean, I'll go over there to accounting if you want me to during this.
I don't want you to go over to accounting.
I want you to go over there and jump up and down on somebody's desk
and scream and yell and holler and drop your pants and drop a huge load right on somebody's desk.
I'll go inquire and then get back to you and let you know what they say.
The way the inquiry is said, where the hell is Neil's paycheck for a crisis?
What is wrong with people?
Are you people crazy?
Because if you don't get it today, you're not going to do the show tomorrow.
That's right. If I don't get that checked today, I'm not going to be here tomorrow.
That's right.
And maybe not Thursday either.
See, you thought you were going to go further with that?
Yeah.
Hey, don't go overboard.
Go crazy.
I mean, what kind of bunch of garbage is this?
This is what happens when you...
It's just like the thing with a pull crisis, the same thing.
When you give complacent and you assume that they're going to do, you know,
like things that ordinary, like real business people do.
All of a sudden, no surprise, no paycheck on payday.
Bites you in the ass.
Joe Bell.
This is not my idea of the way things are supposed to be, okay?
I mean, yesterday was the night.
They had plenty of opportunity to mail it on Friday or whatever.
So we'll show up there yesterday.
Or maybe like the 10th, which is today's payday.
But here we go again.
Beasley be once again wearing their ugly head.
And there's nothing worse than ugly head.
Believe me when I tell you, I should know.
We all know.
Now, what is that all about?
That paycheck has got to be there.
I want you to go into a county.
And I want you to carry on like, mumple still skin and heat.
I want you to start throwing crap.
I want you to like turn desks upside down.
Then I want you to go into Joe Bell's office and say, hey listen, you fat effort.
You try to get them fired like croak?
Pinday Ho.
Now I'm only going to be gentlemanly when I go over that department.
That's right.
Well, I appreciate your efforts in advance.
Thank you.
Always some excitement when you work for these bastards folks.
Let me tell you right now there's always like a little bit of excitement.
Oh well, a payday, what's that?
Expect us to pay you.
You barely even working out.
That's right.
That's a good excuse.
153 a.k.a.
And this is to be warned for the late nights in the weekend hours.
Go back.
No ticking or lousy, baby.
That's way it works.
Read your text.
I beg your pardon?
Read your text message.
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
I beg your pardon?
Ofamos Prem call for me tochaft
Lets him but start amazed Heh Tonight!
To ribbon bind cachottes meanwhile
backdroping a cure
The imperial gold and einfach 
built advocating leadership
litterate Don!'s a virus
A Inner Disparations
Coming up on the horizon
identity-ledged
Hey, Bob, hey, Bob!
What are we gonna do?
We'll take up a game by the way we're gonna use
Bob!
But then you'll receive a whole whole
You'll find your...
You'll find your...
Bye, bye, bye!
