Hi, Captain Eddie here for Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union.
Some banks aren't too happy to see you, especially if you start whining and yelping about
high interest rates on loans.
So you better leap on over to Eastern Financial where a home or auto loan costs less each
month because they're not for profit.
Not for profit means you pay less each month.
So if you live in Dave Browder Palm Beach, you can join...
Always glad to see you!
Equal Housing Lender joined today, Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union at youcanjoin.com
Bell Sound Small Business simplifies your voice, data and network experience so you can
stay focused on what's important to you.
Bell Sound offers the ease of one-stop shopping, reliability and stability.
All on the services your business needs all on one bill with significant savings.
You will have the expertise on your side with a Bell Sound Small Business Expert.
Bell Sound Small Business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are
right for your small business.
Call Bell Sound now at 866-497-SAVE or go to bellsound.com.
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell
Sound, listening, answering.
The biggest needs.
The best talent.
It's the Kenny and Beaumont Show.
Always a pleasure.
And I really mean that a pleasure when I say a pleasure to talk to Pretty Gonzalez.
Freddie, bust it over on Bollochampan yesterday, kind of spread a little thin after the win.
Yeah, the coach's now starting to drop me a Bollochampan and we split it seven ways.
So we just got about an LV.
We made seven attempts.
420-561-QAM.
The biggest needs.
The best talent.
It's the Big O.
Orlando, Elsi, Gary.
Mornings 5-7.
420-561-QAM.
Big O here for the finest beer in the business.
President, they imported beer and listened for years.
I've been telling you about my favorite beer.
President, they, the finest beer in the business.
Well, now I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business.
President, they light.
The tradition continues.
President, they light is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character.
It's the way light beer should taste.
Smooth, bold, and with the character you've come to expect from President, they let's face it folks.
The beer industry.
It's full of water, down light beers.
But President, they light is a full body light beer.
So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends family.
And how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business.
President, they light the full body light beer.
What an amazing combination.
The choice is yours.
President, they, and President, they light.
It's the big O's choice.
It's the best choice.
President, they, or President, they light.
Bell Sound Small Business simplifies your voice, data, and network experience.
So you can stay focused on your business.
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell Sound.
Listening, answering.
Log on to wqam.com to play Hanks.
Pick the police contest.
It churches till we make when eight picks the winner of the feature race.
Everybody from Gulf Stream Park.
It's Hanks. Pick the police from Gulf Stream Park and Sport Radio 560.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Are you a pimple that just lost control of your whole bag?
Well, we learned the heart of pimping the hose.
You're at hose bag boot camp.
Hey, there.
How will it do, man?
The hose bag boot camp.
When we teach you how to learn your hose bag to take orders, just like this.
Repeat after me.
Hey, bizzach.
Hey, bizzach.
You best have my money or else.
That's right.
My money or else.
Very good. Let's try that again.
There are several other classes you can take to be a certified pimple.
Like, I still pimped used to hold.
The end of the pim.
Pimping A.E.Z. but it can't be fun.
It's willing to use hose bag boot camp.
Clashes are starting right away.
So, sign up now.
There'll be the best pimple you can be.
869 B.I.D.C.H.
We are never empty. I'll see.
All right.
10-1 at 560 WDQ.
I'm happy Wednesday.
April the 4th.
It's an early woodline Wednesday for some of us for years truly.
And that's because we got the Marlin.
The undefeated Florida Marlins at 1230.
That's right. They're looking good.
Well, look who they're playing.
Playing a little girls team.
Good point.
I'm not, what do I know?
I don't pay any attention.
I don't watch it.
And I don't really care about it.
But nevertheless, I do care when they're playing early like today.
1230, your pregame show at the 1 o'clock, 105.
Marlins and the Washington Nats.
Mm-mm-mm.
And that bit I just played kind of ties in with today's pool,
which I see is going to be extremely popular.
850, both so already.
Everybody's talking about it around here.
Are they really?
My close personal correspondent in my space,
Ricky already waited and he said,
that's what he wants.
Which by the way, your profiles is screwed up somehow.
You can still get the messages from your, you know, right?
Yeah.
Our little problem we were having, because I can't.
Like, you're getting something and I'm getting every time I go on it,
it just tells me to log in.
Anything I click on your profile.
Log in.
Yeah, there's somebody hacked into there.
Yeah.
But I mean, you can still get your messages and stuff.
That is correct.
That's the only thing that counts that I get my messages.
The fact that the people are, you know, anyway,
and I'm ready to light into that, because your close personal friend,
Christopher, and that's Chris's close personal friend,
Chris and Christopher, he doesn't exist.
Then, then, then, then, how do you like that?
What did I say right from the very beginning?
Although I guess there's a possibility that he might exist,
or that he got like dumped off of there by my space,
but I don't think so.
You think it's just a coincidence that today was the day
that his great friend, Gwen, was going to come in and bring you guys food,
and she was going to like massage your ego and yadda.
Well, he doesn't exist.
His profile no longer exists.
So, my assumption is that Christopher and, huh,
and then a kid named, uh, make-believe kid named, um,
funky, a mark.
If that's all the same person.
Not to mention Nisha, baby, who's another faker who somehow got into my thing there.
In my profile.
Well, it's just the way it is, you know, all the game players all the time.
Is that what it's all about?
That's what it's all about.
That's what, uh, not just my space, but they all know that.
Full of game players, people hacking and whacking and, uh, whatever.
Anyway, 836 votes on that pool already.
It's going to be a mammoth gigantic response.
And even though we're going to have an early show at 1230,
we'll make a thousand easy.
Even Chris is sitting back with a big smile on his smug pool, isn't he?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
I hope you guys, you know, work cutting on Gwen bringing you any food today.
I hope you got your regular, uh,
going how is yeah.
Yeah, good.
Well, you don't have to sound so depressed.
No, no.
Well, I would have liked to see a chick, but, you know, well, you've seen one.
President Makhmood Ahmed Hintijad said today that Iran will free the 50,
10 British sailors and Marines as a gift to the British people.
Happy Easter, happy Paisaah, from Makhmood Ahmed Hintijad.
All right.
He parted in the sailors and asked if they would be released following a news conference
with his with the, uh, conference of which he pinned a medal on the chest of the
Iranian Coast Guard commander who intercepted the sailors and Marines in the northern
Gulf on March 22.
Ahmed Hintijad said Iran will never accept press passing its territorial waters.
On behalf of the great Iranian people, I began half all these, uh, stone age
ragheads.
He said, I want to thank the Iranian Coast Guard who courageously defended and captured those
who violated their territorial waters.
We're sorry that British troops remained in Iraq and their sailors are being arrested in Iran.
Ahmed Hintijad said, I just am reading this because number one people afraid the world is going
to come to an end and we're going to like Newcomer or something.
And number two, I like saying, Ahmed Hintijad.
I just, I get like a sexual thrill from that.
Ahmed Hintijad.
He criticized Britain for deploying leader Seaman Faye Turni, one of the 15 detainees in the
Gulf pointing out that she is a woman with a child.
How can she be a Seaman and she's a, uh, lady with a child?
Well, whatever.
How can justifying a mother away from her home or children?
Why don't they respect family values in the West?
He asked the British government.
Yeah.
That's right.
Why don't they treat the women well?
I can know his Muslim countries where they walk around with those jerka burkas on all the
time and God forbid that they should open up a mouth and say anything.
They can open up a mouth but not to say anything.
Well, I'm telling you, we're going to like, uh, we're going to zoom way over a thousand
even by 1230.
Absolutely.
Isn't that phenomenal?
What did you just say?
Absolutely.
I was sure that's what you said.
So what are you trying to tell me about that other thing?
Is it going to require some additional effort on my part to, uh,
or do I even have a problem with it?
Well, it might require a new profile.
Every, everywhere I click, it's not just the met, anywhere you click on your profile, to
me, I get a login.
Yeah.
And that was me logged in as you.
Well, just log out.
Don't go be reading my personal messages on there and getting all involved with my, you
know, my personal friend.
Listen, I'm all set, man.
I said, I don't care.
Although, let's see, who was it?
Oh, Ricky.
Ricky has become a real good buddy of mine, I know.
He's a good guy, even though he hates you like poison because you, you turned him down.
He, uh, way back in the beginning, he's been on her a long time.
More than last few days, we started like really, confibrillating, getting really close.
I turned, I turned him down.
That's what he said.
Do you want me to go back and back again?
Oh, what do you mean like as a friend?
As a friend?
Oh, well, I, you know, I only accept people that I personally know.
Don't take any offense, Ricky.
Sorry.
Yeah, Ricky said don't take any offense, even though Josh is, you know, he said you're an A-hole or something like that.
If I had like the Josh Cordis, you know, when I was on the show page, that would be different.
But I don't.
It's like my personal page.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I'm worried about where do he, uh, asked to be your friend.
I'm sure he had a lot, I've gotten a lot of friend requests from the show when I was on it, but I just deny him because I don't know him.
You deny this?
Yeah.
What do you mean you don't know them?
I don't know these people either.
Yeah, but, yeah.
Right, but it's the Neil Rogers Show page.
I'm the stupid sir. I'm legendary for Christ.
The Neil Rogers Show page.
You want as many friends on there as you, you know, as you can get it.
It's a fair promotion, man.
No, no, I do not.
If I did that, I'd approve everybody.
I wouldn't turn anybody down.
Well, like little punky kids like 13, 14 years old, I'm not going to approve that.
Or these people that are peddling their, uh, their, we, we, was bag or whatever the hell are promoting on there.
Obviously, I just mean regular people.
You don't deny regular people if they asked to be your friend on the Neil Rogers Show page.
They look like they're real people.
But again, what does that mean?
They look like they're regular people.
Are we going to get bogged down on this again on a day when we got a big Marlins game coming up at 1230?
Who cares about the freaking Marlins and stupid as baseball?
It's boring.
Hey, they're two and a half.
Um, no, I just mean like regular people that are fans of the show.
Why would you deny them?
Because it's the Neil Rogers Show page.
Let me say it again.
Christopher is a classic example in DC from Hollywood, Florida, allegedly, or Fort Lauderdale.
Where would a hell he was allegedly from?
Um, he doesn't exist.
And then I say that right from the very beginning.
Well, let me give you, let me give you the clues to look for.
If you're on any of these kinds of my space or your face or my place or, uh, whatever.
That is, if somebody's profile page has got like no real people, all basically celebrities and maybe one or two people,
they keep saying, well, you see what's your name?
She knows me, uh, yeah.
And they keep, that's what he was always doing.
But there's no real people on the profile.
It's all like celebrity.
Well, anybody can create a fictitious profile page with a bunch of celebrities.
Right?
Yeah.
That's one of the clues to look for.
Number two, when somebody starts denying that they're bogus, you know what that usually means?
That means they're bogus.
You follow what I'm saying?
Not really.
Somebody gets all the offense and say, well, how come you're questioning me?
And next thing you're going to be asking for a phone number and a shoe size, that's usually a bogus person.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So you're saying, well, you'll prove anybody that, you know, is a listener that wants to be, you know, a friend of the show,
because you're, we got 1,307 by the way.
I think there's anything too shabby about that.
And that's even with a couple of deletions I had to get off of there.
And also with Christopher vanishing it, profile no longer exists.
Don't you love when you see that and then got all the excess through the picture and put it in?
If you want to delete this and go ahead and waste your time, you know, whatever.
Now, does not say, do you think it's just a coincidence that it happened the day before, the night before,
Gwen was supposed to come and meet you guys with the food, mysterious fictitious Gwen.
Now, it would really be something if Gwen does show up.
If I was a listener, I'd be listening all the way to 1230 just to find out if Gwen exists and shows up and brings you guys an
addition of which I make her eat some of the food before I taste it.
I'll have Chris do it first.
Huh?
Yeah, you're going to be, yeah, bring in, yeah, let him taste it.
Piece of crap, all these phonies on there, all these computer hackers and the idiot.
What is there to say?
1360 votes on yesterday's poll.
I wish I had more time too.
I thought I was pretty good, Polt.
Not as good as the one today though.
The one today is going to just go zooming up there about, you know, sluts and the...
I think Josh is very wrong on this.
In fact, the poll bears that out.
Really? I've had a lot of people agree with me around here.
No, they don't.
No, they don't.
They say that girls go on the way in the first day of the best.
I agree.
I agree with them.
What I'm saying.
This business of, well, you want to take your home to mom and all that.
Basically, all this mom I know whether or not she put out on the first night.
You tell your mother if you're having sex with your girlfriends.
No, you guys do.
All I'm saying is that if I, you know, sleep with a chick on the first night, I'm not going to take her seriously.
I'm not going to be like, oh, she's...
I got a girlfriend.
She's hot.
You'll take her real seriously, okay?
You'll take it as seriously as you'll give it.
Believe me.
Unless you're some kind of a...
You're fair.
No.
I'll take it.
I'm just assuming this is obviously territory way outside my territorial waters.
But it just didn't seem to me its rocket science.
But nevertheless, can I get to...
Before we get embark on that, because I know we're going to argue about this all the way to the ballgame, which is good.
I do have an article by Doug Thompson to read.
And then after that, I think we can just argue about sluts and bitches and hoses and stuff like that.
I...
I wish I had more time to vacation 246.
Have sex, 197.
How about having sex on vacation sounds like a really... sounds like a plant.
Sounds like a real plant to me.
Sure.
I wish I had more time to smell the roses.
Mmm.
Somebody cut a bad one.
123.
Relax, 123.
Well, this is exciting.
I got my camp guy coming at 12.30 to take me early to woodbinds where I can start losing right away.
I wish I had more time to enjoy with my kids.
119.
To exercise 105.
I wish I had more time to...
I hate this poll, 89.6.5%.
I wish I had more time to sleep, 87.
Oh, you will.
Someday you will.
Believe me.
You'll sleep a long dirt nap.
So, you know, enjoy your life right now.
Stay to hell awake.
I wish I had more time to enjoy with my spouse 69.
Mmm.
Spend outdoor is 49.
I wish I had more time to read 44.
Wow.
I mean, if I, you know, on a scale of 50,000,
that's way down there near the bottom of my priority, sitting around reading a book.
Even though there's some very...
Like that book we were talking about yesterday about the Bush family.
I wish I had more time to work 35.
Oh, 35?
I wish they had more time to work?
Boy, you people must be doing something really productive.
I'm sure it's hell not.
I wish I had more time to party 34.
Surf on the net 14.
Spend on my space 12.
Listen to music 9 on watch TV.
Still only 5.
It started out with 5 and it stayed at 5.
They don't want to watch no more TV.
Let's see what's dancing with the stars in America and I live.
You're all set for the week.
Am I right?
You're all set.
Oh, yeah.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM, we got the schedule.
Here's the Marlins on Dec. 12.
30 Marlins at the Washington National looking to make a 3 in a row 105.
Early baseball, baby.
The power hour with a Humper solo, Hank Goldberg 4 to 630.
And then you got UM baseball at FIU at 7 o'clock and 80K from 10 to midnight.
Or after the ballgame till midnight.
Well, whatever.
Which is a nice bonus for you.
We don't just start that ESPN radio like 10 o'clock at night,
like a lot of nights when we played everybody just to turn the thing off
and we'll shut the transmitter down.
And by the way, even though the engineer was a good guy,
Greg, my engineer, from Amorga was here earlier.
No, that's right.
We're not cutting out, right?
No, we're not.
Last night it was again.
And I thought, oh boy, it's a good thing it's cutting out
because when he comes in here, at least he'll see what's going on.
And this morning it was fine.
And when he got here, he checked a couple of things.
He checked for loose wires, he all this other stuff.
And he said, it's probably down there.
It's probably down there.
You know what's down there, don't you?
I'm sure you do.
I'm sure you've looked.
This is I with this news.
And it's called Smith died accidentally from a lethal mix of contaminated pet food
according to autopsy results at least today.
Authorities in Florida say Smith's death was not suicide.
Who would have apparently tried to coax her dog into eating so she ate some of the food herself.
She began sick and started vomiting and falling at the mouth.
The dog also got sick.
Smith's death has led to the recall of 95 brands of doggy cat fruit.
Well, and now that little drop in that I played there just before the bit,
that was the sound of people tuning out the radios.
But of course that was during exhibitionist season,
not during regular season like today, again that counts for something, you know, out of 162.
That's right.
Wow.
And how about those make believes that had to go to overtime to beat the lowly Philadelphia flyers
to keep their slim and pathetic playoff hopes alive last night?
Pretty embarrassing.
In fact, Greg the engineer here from the fan was telling me about how they don't belong
in a playoff.
And you're right Greg, he's a good guy.
Too bad he had a waste of time coming up.
But I was nice seeing him, you know, and he crawled around and he checked out the wires.
And of course Chris right there is telling me, oh well, maybe it's a loose wire, you know.
And he said the same thing to me.
He said if it was a loose wire wouldn't like fix itself all of a sudden go back for hours and hours, you know.
You didn't you say it might be a loose wire yesterday?
Or it sounded like it might be a loose wire type thing?
I said that's the sound of it, but I didn't say that's what it was.
I was trying to give people an idea of what it sounded like when something cuts in and out.
Okay.
That's what I said.
Listen, I'm not giving you, you're not getting paid to be an engineer, you're not even getting paid to do what you're doing hardly.
Exactly. You know, we give you all, we give you all the slack you can, you know, you can use.
Look at the number of votes on this poll, 888, uh oh, that's bad.
See, I've got some lines for that.
And of course it's a sex poll, let's start doing a lot more sex polls, even though we can't talk about sex quiz,
Joyce will have an nervous breakdown because she finds it to be disgusting and grotesque act and oh,
it's a fully fat, you know.
But it's, uh, and we give Josh Cortis all the credit in the world for this because you're the one that started this.
I was saying, it was about your Russian girlfriend, which I really probably should apologize for getting much too personal and much too intrusive on the year.
I don't really care.
Really? Well then let's hear about it.
Oh, I mean, you had to do it.
Oh, well some guys do care. You know, they're very protective of those kinds of things.
And there are other guys who just, you know, want to talk about a bop-bop, which is kind of interesting, even to an old fag like me.
It's always amusing.
Girls who go all the way in the first date are, and we have 800 days, I bet you'll click at the end, it's going to be over 890, 891.
Oh my god.
Girls who go all the way in the first date are the best 244.
See, now before I go and read the results here, which totally makes you full of cramp.
No, it doesn't. No, listen, I'm going to ask you both a question.
When a heterosexual young guy, teenager guy, early 20s, whatever, however old you are, even an older guy, goes on a date with some chick.
Now, is he looking for a life partner? In other words, when you first meet somebody and you say, hey, would you like to go on a movie with me,
or you'd like to go to the malt shop like they used to 100 years ago?
Is he looking for a life partner? I mean, doesn't that evolve out of over a period of time that you get close to somebody and you decide that you're a kid?
Yeah, I don't think anybody does. Well, there you go. So what is it that you're looking for?
If Susie is in your junior class in high school, what is wrong with you?
Can I finish the question?
If Susie is in your junior class and Susie is a hot young chick, she's like 17 and she's hotter.
Yeah, 17, well, she's a junior, she'd be 17, but then you're 17, see? That's still legal.
And you ask her to go out on a date. What is it that you want to do?
What is it that you're hoping that Susie will do on that date? What do you have to make for?
What?
Shack me. Oh, I see. Shack. Now, see, he's in British talk, Britain talk.
You want to get laid is what you want. You're hoping that Susie cooperates that first.
Now, you don't want to have to go through a whole succession of dates,
and lining and dining and going to movies and pretending that you want to get like,
oh, Koosie, a Koosie, a Koosie would Susie, you know?
Right. You're watching my language. I'm starting to get a little dangerous.
I'm, I'm wrong. You're right on, I said.
Oh, so that what, so what's the problem? So, so if you get what you're looking for
and Susie's exactly what the doctor ordered, is there something wrong with that?
And let's business about, well, she's not the kind of girl I want to take home to mom.
Meaning, I wouldn't date her. What are you going to do? Are you going to sit down and say, hey, mom,
here's Susie, she's a real sweet girl, but well, she screw her brains out on her first night.
Is that, are you going to say that to mom? No, I'm just kind of a 17 year old kid
is going to tell mom who he's a bedding down. Nobody.
But the fact is is if that happened on the first night, I'm not going to take her shoes out,
I'm going to continue to shag her, but I'm going to look for other chicks as well.
You know what I'm saying? For what? Because for what?
She's a hoe, you know, whatever, first night, you know?
What if she's, what if she has, she's a good cook, she's very friendly, she's nice, she's polite,
she's got a good, she's intelligent young lady. Well, what's wrong with that?
What, what is it that you want that's going to be so perfect, huh?
Somebody that keeps resisting until you practically are worn out from, you know, begging and teasing.
No, that's not what I want. I just, you know, as far as, it's just a rule.
A lot of guys agree with you, man.
What is she going to do? Is mom going to do something with her for Christ's eggs?
I sure hope not. Why do you keep bringing up mom for Christ's eggs?
Because you're the one that said, Chris, am I right? Did he say that?
He said he's not willing to hold them up.
It's a term, man. It's a term. It's a term.
Maybe mom might be interested in some hoe. How do you know? I don't know.
I asked her. Maybe she might be interested.
Might be something we're talking about. We could do a whole show on that.
We could do a whole week's worth of shows on that.
I mean, to eat, look, I'm not one of those people who judge mental.
Forbid for an old pervert like me, an old fag pervert, no less than a judge mental.
But let me just say this. I really don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, let's see what the audience says. Here's 901 votes.
It's not even an 1030 yet. And we got 901 votes.
905 votes. They're coming in a big chunks because the guys want to know.
They want to know where they find this chick. That's what they want to know.
They don't give a crap what you think about Susie.
They want to know where she is. And let's pretend Susie's 18 now.
She's legal for everybody. Okay?
Girls who go all the way in the first date are the best 248.
Are what I'm looking for? 199. Even you admitted that.
Yeah. Just want a good time. 143.
Rare 95. Is that true? Are they rare?
Well, it depends what storm you're meeting with.
How about well done? I guess they'd be well done.
We're often done, huh? Well done. That's cute.
Not funny. Just cute. Slots 87.
Oh, hoes 44. See, it's a good thing I put those two different words in there because you want to do the whole word.
Well, that's what I said. So I voted for it.
Slots 87. Hoes 44. I hate this poll only 38.4.1%.
They love it because it has to do with SEX, baby.
It has to do with the old up and down in and out and around about.
Girls who go all the way in the first date are drunk 36.
Well, that's one way to apply them with a little bit of booze, a little bit of wine for those guys looking.
I'll tell you, do it. And disgusting 15.
Well, they could be disgusting or not. I don't know what they'll look like.
Now, I mean, I'm not saying a bow wow.
You know, obviously you have to be really desperate.
You don't want to know a bow wow. You don't want to go hogging.
Yeah. How about a whole hog?
No, but if it was somebody that was like marginal looking and they were going to go, you know, and you were horny enough, what the hell would you care?
Yeah, you drink till she looks good, man.
There you go. That's it. That's it. We're all the way around.
You give her enough drinks while I guess she didn't need it.
Well, we can argue about this like I said. We only got two more hours till the pregame show.
And all I can say to that is, Halle Luia. There is a god.
God. Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news.
Two board casino dealers, Fred and Pete, were waiting at the craft table when a hot blonde woman walked up and bet $20,000 on a single roll of the dice.
I hope you don't mind, she said. But, Fellas, I feel much luckier when I'm completely nude.
She strips naked and rolls the dice. And as they come to a stop, she jumps up and down and screams, I won.
I won.
She then hugs both the dealers, picks up her money and her clothes and quickly leaves.
The dealers stare at each other, dumbfounded. Finally, Pete says, well, what did she roll? Anyway, Fred says, I don't know. I thought you were watching.
Now, page two. Billy is riding in a taxi cab when he taps the driver on the shoulder to ask him a question.
The driver screams, bloody murder loses control of the cab and swerves onto the sidewalk before stopping just inches from a lamp post.
After checking to make sure Billy is okay, the driver says, I'm sorry, but you scared the daylights out of me.
Apologizing, Billy says, I didn't realize a simple tap on the shoulder would freak you out so much.
To which the driver responds, it's not your fault. Today is my first day driving a cab after 25 years of driving a horse. Paul Harvey.
Good day. Good day.
So, I have some more bad news regarding this hacking of my of our private page here.
Oh, boy. And that is that I see on the, you know how on the bottom right hand corner, I'll show you, have a message from this one from Brandon.
There were two messages that popped up there, but they didn't show up. They didn't come through.
So, I just sent him a message and he's going to have to, you know, if he wants to communicate his feelings about this, Paul, I'm sure everybody does, you know, everybody's going to opinion.
But that thing has screwed up, so I don't know whether I'm going to get messages on there or not as the case may be.
How do you like that?
Well, good luck to you.
What does that mean? You're supposed to be the computer, right? So, you're supposed to like snap your fingers right now, say, somebody hacked into your mind.
Somebody hacked into your mind space account.
In fact, here's another new one that's supposedly coming up. Yeah, and so what does that mean? So, I can't receive my messages.
No, you can receive your messages, your profile screwed up though.
Let me say, oh, wait a minute. What I'm just did coming through. How do you like that?
It says you need to go, I already did. I already did reset the passwords and then go remove, oh geez.
Might need to do a new profile.
You think so?
Think so.
Well, how the hell are we going to do that? Maybe we could do that before the show tomorrow.
That would be fine.
I see.
You need to go and reset the passwords on both of these yoddy-ah-wow.
We set the password. They didn't do a damn thing and I'll see more.
So, although this message came through, now what's that all about?
What is that all about, huh?
That, that, that. I mean, it's not, it's one of those things. It's just annoying is what it is.
Yes.
I'm knowing and aggravating. Okay, let's get back to the pool and forget about my space in your place because the audience hates that like poison anyway.
They're just too busy. They didn't want it.
933 votes. We got a shot of being very close on the verge of a thousand by the top of the tower.
Forget about it by 1230 when a stupid ass ball game comes on.
And stupid ass, by the way, is the understable of the century.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil. Oh, there's Oxtaminedine and John. He's freeing those 15 British troops.
The world will not come to an end this weekend. Maybe a couple of weeks after.
Certainly not on Easter weekend. That would be bad. Oh. Wouldn't that be bad?
We all got nailed on Easter weekend.
Yes, it would.
I'm sure there are going to be a lot of people getting nailed on Easter weekend. I'll bet you that.
But anyway.
Girls speaking of that girls are going to why do I keep reading this poll over and over again?
Because they're into it. Cause what? You're obsessed.
I'm obsessed.
I'm obsessed with this poll. Oh my God.
You're fairy.
Wow, that'll be the day. Is buddy Holly would say.
So how come that last message Brandon sent came through? Don't you find that a little bit bizarre?
I do.
This technical high jinks and lodging, man.
Here you want to try something real quick?
What is that?
Go to edit profile, which is going to be next to your picture.
Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I got to go back to home.
Edit profile. Yeah.
Then hit safe edit mode. It's going to be on the top right side.
Hit what?
On stage.
This is going to be a big audience. Yeah. Big two of the audience for this.
Safe edit mode. Okay.
Now click on the images tab.
Yes. I've done all of those things. Images. Yes.
Is there any images in that are just coming up as like an X?
There's no actual picture there. Is there any pictures there at all?
No. There's the main picture that should be there is there.
And nothing else?
And nothing else.
I now click on the comments.
Comments? This sucks as well. My comment is, oh wait a minute. There's Brandon.
Oh, there's his messages.
Oh, Miguel said he'll take care of it. Just send him your information.
What?
Miguel just walked in and said he'll take care of this for you.
Just send him your information for this page.
He's our my space. This is the same message that come.
Came up. This is this is not the stuff he sent before.
The stuff he sent before says a YouTube, but a beep, but a boop with his picture.
Shockwave, flesh, all this other crap on it. What what is that?
So there's something in there that shouldn't be there?
Delete it.
What do you mean? But what do you mean there's something in there? It shouldn't be there.
What does that mean? Oh, delete it?
Yeah, delete it.
I deleted it.
That might be how the people were hacking into your account.
Get out of here. That was a message that was just all balled up.
What are you talking about?
I thought that Joshua is supposed to be the computer expert.
Not on my space. Miguel is our computer expert.
He's from my space.
Yeah.
He's doing promotions. What else is he up to?
Oh, wait a minute. Here comes another message.
See, that thing comes in about right hand corner. This is not good radio.
This is horrendous radio. This is bad.
It kills him good time though before the ball game.
Isn't that what we're here for?
Sure.
So I can get paid a lot of money and we can kill some good time before the ball game.
Okay, you must, on a see, here's that suspected web forgery thing keeps coming up.
When I tried to get Josh to tell me how to get rid of that. He can't do it.
I don't even just see it.
So, that would be a problem.
I can see it.
And now it says server error.
Was I able to complete your request?
Oh, holy moly. This is aggravating yourself.
I think I probably ought to do this during the break and out on the air, don't you?
Yeah, eventually the audience is fascinated with this.
Do you think?
No.
Sure.
Well, this is extremely agitating to me.
I'll take that right now. This is unnecessary and unacceptable.
And it's all about to do with your good friend Christopher.
Here's another message from Freakin' Brain. He's saying a message is left and right.
And I got him as a matter of fact. Look at that.
There's one, two more. So now they're coming through.
And the audience is reading a heavy sigh of relief saying,
thank God for that, because we don't want to listen to another two hours of this garbage,
of this crap, of this silly old queen, worrying about getting messages from his buddies out there and in radio length.
Well, sure I do. I'm worried about that.
Wouldn't you be?
Yeah.
At any rate.
Okay, let's go back to the pool. And during the break, I'll read whatever crap Brandon sent me here.
Just calm down Brandon. Your message is coming through now. Just loud and queer.
Girls who go all the way in the first date are 947 votes. The votes are pouring in on this because
we're out of take one thing. It's 23 before 11.
We're going to be right on the verge of 1,000 by the top of the yard. Then you'll fear me.
Then you realize legendary isn't just a word.
The best 267. Girls who go all the way in the first day of the best.
267. What I'm looking for, 209.
Isn't that what every heterosexual guy is looking for?
They're not looking for somebody to wine and dine and romance and schmooze and you know go on for days and days and weeks and months before finally.
Maybe, you know, just want a good time, 148.
Girls just want a good time. Is that what they say?
Okay.
Rare, 96 or medium rare, 96.
Sluts, 89.
For those 47. I hate this poll only 39, 4.1%. Drunk 37 and disgusting only 15.
In fact, some of them might be, in fact, maybe that's why, you know, some of disgusting ones nobody wants to go all the way out of the first time, the second time of the day.
Probably there wouldn't be a second time, would you think?
Now, if it's a bad situation.
For like a blind date, and they don't have to be disgusting in some grotesque, pigg some nauseating smelly thing that like, oh, hasn't bathed in six months, something like that. Disgusting.
I don't think it would be a second date.
I'd never been on a blind date.
Really? Never.
You?
Who you asking? Not me.
Or you're who who's asking?
Yeah, and?
Have you been on a blind date?
Nope.
I mean, what's the whole point of that going on a blind date?
I can see though, would you call going on a blind date?
Something that you've met like on one of these internet, like my space in these things, is that a blind date?
I don't know.
I would find dates where you basically like no nothing about it.
Yeah, if you see pictures of the person, then you know, you have a...
Oh, in some other words, if you see pictures of the person, you believe that's what the person really looks like, is that what you're telling me, huh?
Well, not necessarily an example.
On your experiences, but yeah.
Oh, brother. Yeah, the person looks like a 20-year-old hot chicken, and then all of a sudden, turned out to be like some 45-year-old, uh...
whatever.
War now used up, 45, looking like 65.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
Some like some Portuguese washerwoman.
955 votes on the poll.
This is something that all these guys are looking for right now.
Now, how? Aaron's coming.
What's going on?
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I could be good looking or a bad hairy A.
Behind your gay or maybe just strange.
Look at all my go-to-go friends that I've got so far.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely,
even though I may be incredibly homeless.
You never know it's my reason for nothing but lies.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Five, four, five.
This is your home before day's lies.
The instant that's the waste of time.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Cooling on mine.
Okay, 1046, 14, 411 and 560.
All the technical situations all the time.
It's either on the air or it's in the monitor or it's on the, uh, whatever.
On the internet.
See, we're thinking that all of this is so wonderful.
It's new technology.
It is, when it works.
Isn't that really what it boils down to?
Wait, is that?
Oh, I don't know once in a while.
I mean, I've really had a minimal amount of problems and all these people say,
Oh, that my space is just a nightmare, man.
You're going to have somebody, I haven't really had that many problems.
See, I have a few here in the air, we know now.
Well, we got all kinds of geniuses working on it.
All done.
Don't worry, Miguel Brandon says it's all done.
All fixed.
Well, we'll see if it's all fixed during the next break.
I'm not doing any more than, if I ever start doing that on the year again,
I have, my permission to just shut me right off.
I'm serious.
I mean, that was just bad radio.
It was grotesque, but it just, it makes you get nervous.
You know, you don't want people diddling with your, uh,
with your space in your place, in your face, you know.
And I think it was Chris's good buddy, Christopher.
My who?
Wait, it was Josh's good buddy.
Yeah, yeah, Josh and his Russian girlfriend.
And that's who Christopher allegedly was, you know.
All into, you know, you know, something, we have 1377 friends on it.
I'm not going to be there.
I've got three.
Now, I don't know.
I don't want Ricky to get nervous because he seems like he would guy.
But I mean, do I know?
I am sure he's for real.
And I might get FSU.
That's four.
Okay, there's four people that I trust and know and believe are like for real and honest to God.
You don't want to say?
Mm-hmm.
I have 1377.
We can have like 50 friends.
And the other 13, I would say all be the same 50 people.
You know what I'm saying?
You do understand what I'm talking about.
Yeah, I do.
I mean, anybody can make up any number of profiles and steal somebody else's pictures and pochki around and fart around.
Oh, brother.
Okay, okay, calm down, Brad.
It says, trust me.
It's all over with when we're getting instant messaging.
I'm getting text messaging.
I'm getting a headache.
Thanks, Brad.
And you're the best.
It was a code the internet is clear.
So I see.
Okay, well, that should be all gone now.
During the break, like I said, I'll test it.
But the audience doesn't want to hear me testing.
Testing.
They don't want anything to do with that thing.
They want to puke from it.
And I don't blame them.
They want to concentrate on these slots.
I mean, these girls that go all the way in the first day.
That's what they want to...
I mean, I don't think you really answered my question.
No, see, you're arguing with me on the wrong point.
And what point should I be arguing with?
You're arguing the poll.
Like, I love girls that sleep with you on the first day.
Yeah, I'm just saying that I'm not going to...
That's why you took them out in the first place.
Don't ever tell me anything.
You didn't take them out because you think they're sweet.
Right.
And because you want to take them home to mommy.
And one day you're going to marry them.
Because I don't think you're going to marry anybody
when you come right down to work from the way you taught.
You're right.
But...
There you go.
But all I'm saying is, if I sleep with a girl on the first date,
I'm not...
You'll never take her out again.
No, I'm just saying that I'm not...
I won't take a relationship serious.
Like, if another girl comes up to me, like,
I have a serious relationship right now.
It's the first one I've ever had in my life.
But I'm in a...
Like, another girl came up to me.
I wouldn't...
We're thrilled also that there is no such person as Christopher
that's going to come on down and try to steal away your Russian girlfriend.
That's great.
But, you know, if another girl came up to me right now,
I'd be like, I'm...
I'm...
I'm taken.
But if I slept with a girl on the first date,
and I've been, you know, sleep with her for like a month,
I'm available.
You know what I'm saying?
You're not getting what I'm saying.
I know exactly what you're saying.
In other words, she doesn't own you.
I just...
Yeah, I don't take her seriously.
Yeah.
I slept with her on the first date.
Well, well, and if it was great,
and if she's hot in the sack, and she looks great,
and she's a nice person, then what would be wrong with like...
I'm not saying I'm getting rid of her.
What would be wrong with that?
Because at least you know it's a sure thing every time you take her out.
It's a sure thing.
Sure.
And I would continue to do it.
Yeah.
And when I'm one head of a sexual guy, I wouldn't...
Right, I'm just saying.
I wouldn't, you know, I wouldn't turn down there.
That's to me like her...
I'm like passing judgment.
Like, well, you know, you're just too much of a...
You're too loose for me, you know.
Which of course we can get into a whole physical description of that,
which would be better not because I'm gonna get joystick and, you know,
too loose a lot of tracks.
977 votes on the pool.
But it is, yeah, it's fun to argue about,
because I see that...
With me, I can be really objective, because I don't care.
And with gay guys, it's like, I mean, is that even a question?
You know what I'm saying?
No.
Is that even debatable?
Do gay guys go on dates?
I mean, I'm sure they do, but at any rate.
I don't want to go there.
Girls are going to go on...
I mean, just the concept to me is so ludicrous, you know.
You mean you're not looking for someone to spend their rest of your life with?
I might be.
I don't know.
In fact, I've got a social advisor who, after my vacation, is supposed to...
Help me make that decision.
A social advisor?
Oh, I'm just using them.
Just making up a story.
Is his name George?
No, his name is not George.
Do you think I'm a like George?
Well, let's start getting personal with me about who I'm gonna say.
I'm an old fart.
Okay, the rest of my life could be a week for all you know.
No, I don't mean that you would spend your time with George, that he's your personal advisor.
Oh, God forbid.
That's what I just got through saying.
No, no, George is not my personal advisor.
And especially when you see George's relationship with his wife and that whole situation,
and you've heard him talk about it for years, and you think I would let him help me make decisions about the rest of my life?
A guy who's got like a living death wish?
Well, what does he always say?
He's a trapped.
He's in a trap.
Victor and I always say.
Now he's a victim.
That's exactly correct.
A victim of circumcise.
Which I also am, but that was because the oil cut way too short.
But anyway, girls who go all the way on the first date are, we have 900, let me refresh it.
Thanks for having me.
By the way, if you fix that.
So I don't know.
Maybe you ought to tell Miguel just to leave it alone because I think if it's fixed.
Leave it alone Miguel.
Yeah, leave it alone Miguel.
And the thing too.
And the poll.
Leave the poll alone.
Girls who go all the way on the first day, we have 977 votes on the best 272.
But I'm looking forward to it in 12.
Just want a good time.
154.
Rare 97.
And that sounds like an FM station.
Rare 97 played a bunch of songs that nobody ever heard of before.
That would be rare playing right in.
Where they could play so rare by Jimmy Dorsey.
Song from before both of you were born.
Oh, you're so old, Neil.
That's correct.
Slots 96.
Hose 49.
There's nothing like a good garden hose.
I hate this poll 43.
4.4%.
Girls who go all the way on the first day are drunk 38.
And then when they wake up in the morning, then they hate themselves.
Oh, you got me all licked up, but I shouldn't have done that.
Yeah, but it was pretty good though.
And girls who go all the way on the first day are disgusting 16.
Out of 980 votes.
What do I tell you about the top of the air when the little hand hits the big hand?
I mean, we're going to be on the verge of 1,000 already in the first hour.
That doesn't happen to often, does it?
Which indicates to me.
And Charlie B, if you want to continue with, I don't want to.
I don't want to be nasty to Charlie B, because he works his ass off sending these polls.
All the polls are about Neil.
You know, if Neil farts the wrong flavor, does that mean he had a bad breakfast?
Does that mean he's going to die in a week?
You know, everything is about Neil.
Forget about Neil, Charlie.
Get your own life.
Send us in some sex pools.
Those are the good ones.
I do like this one that somebody said in the yesterday,
when a religion resists you to certain food on certain days or forbids you to eat them all,
that is crazy as Schmidt is one of the choices.
You don't beat no trade, if it still pays off baby.
You don't beat no pork products.
Although I had my bacon this morning, man, I was good with my crispy bacon.
I just had some ham.
Anybody that's stupid enough to eat certain foods on certain days, it's 2007.
A few people are that much of a bunch of lemons and fools and sheep and ostriches and flamingos.
Have you ever seen the flamingos at Hylia years ago?
I've seen many flamingos, but not in Hylia.
Well, what they would do is they hit the flamingos in the infield by the toteport and the lake.
And when it was feeding time, the zookeeper guy, I don't know what they would call him,
the flamingo keeper, he would blow a whistle and they would all start goose stepping in the line.
They all line up because they knew it was feeding time.
It's like they have lovian flesh with a dog.
The bell rings the dog starts salivating because he knows he's going to get fed.
It's the same thing with people.
They tell you, oh, well, don't eat this on such an site today and people stupid enough to do it.
It's like today's the day you rub ashes on your forehead or on your ass head or whatever like that.
It's stupid.
That's the problem with the biggest problem in the world.
That's why these religions are still in business and I do mean business because there's a lot of weak people.
New Hampshire Democratic primary voters, look at that Clinton 27 Edwards 21, Obama 20 and Gore 11.
See Edwards is getting that sympathy vote.
He went up five points because his wife has got cancer.
Isn't that a reason that you would hope for a candidate is because his wife has got breast cancer and you feel sorry for him?
Isn't that make him the logical leader of the free world, the way he used to be free?
Huh, makes all the sense to me.
Although swillery don't have that big gigantic, I don't know.
No, she's got the money.
She got the money, honey.
Now look at that.
It says you can refresh the poll a lot faster if you click on View Current.
Now did Eric just put that up? Where did that come from?
What's going on?
I feel like I'm having a lot of experience.
That's brand new.
Now brand is not on our poll.
He didn't do that.
What are you talking about?
That brand new.
Oh brand new, I think.
So there was brand new.
Yeah, Eric is going to start blaming Brandon that fixed my my space page.
Now my good, close personal buddy.
My other advisor, my life advisor.
987 votes on a poll.
And like I said, after the break, we'll be right on the verge of a thousand of people
be buzzing about it at the water cooler.
The Neal Roger show.
Rock solid.
This is the brand.
Any question?
I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going
to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not and get over again
111560 WDQ. We're only an hour and twenty-nine minutes away from the Marlon pre-game show.
We're pretty sacked about that.
Missing the real war story, Wright Stugthompson.
I know I'd sneak one of these in here and between all this other Huzzari and in between all these sloppy broads.
So he's good?
Currently the Arizona Senator John McAnie says, like in Baghdad, it's pretty safety.
He says that he walked freely in an open air market without any fear for his safety.
On his safe walk through the Shorja market where 137 Iraqis died from a truck bomb in February,
hundreds of combat-ready American soldiers surrounded McCain in this party while Black Hawk helicopters provided air cover.
The Senator and others were flat vests.
The market where McCain walked freely is also fortified with blast walls and jersey barriers to restrict vehicle traffic.
The reporters weren't allowed along on McCain's walk of safety and Army spokesmen cited security as a concern for limiting access by the press.
Instead the military provided photos and video afterwards.
After the Senator and two Republican colleagues returned to the safety of even more heavily fortified green zone,
he bragged about how safer Iraq had become under the 7-week-old troop surge.
While he spooked roadside bomb-south-wested Baghdad killed six American soldiers,
they weren't surrounded by a security cordon of troops pulled off regular duty to protect visiting VIPs.
No Black Hawk circle overhead to provide extra security.
It's a sad state of affairs when a photo op by an aspiring presidential candidate warrants more protection than American men and women fighting in an out of control civil war.
That's the reality of Iraq.
All the posturing in the world by McCain and other supporters of the war can't stop the slaughter of American troops or the deaths of thousands upon thousands of Iraqi civilians in a civil war we started and can never end.
McCain's trip is the latest PR moved by a White House desperate to cover up the truth about the monumental failures in Iraq.
While Americans die on the battlefield, the Pentagon and Bush administration invent stories about false heroism and cover up the many mistakes that show just how out of control the situation is both in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The public relations machine can't gloss over the horrible debacle that defines American military efforts in that part of the world.
From the stage rescue of Jessica Lynch and the wars beginning to the bungled cover up of the death of former football star Pac-Tillman at the hands of American soldiers in Afghanistan, our war efforts staggered hopelessly from one disaster to the next.
Back home in Washington, the Spin War reaches out of control between the White House and Congress at time table for withdrawal of troops by next year faces certain veto and Democrats don't have the votes to override.
In the end, they'll have to give Bush the money he wants for the wars and just to make sure the vote passes, they alerted up the military spending bill with enough pork to grease the skids and balloon the federal deficit.
Whether we like it or not, it pulls clearly indicate that most of us don't. Bush holds all the cards. The Democratic leaders in both the House and the Senate see an absolute funding cutoff as political suicide, even with strong public sentiment for bringing the troops home as soon as possible.
And while the stalemate in Washington continues, Bush is managed to reach up a few points in the polls by unleashing a massive propaganda tsunami to sell non-existence success to a war-were nation.
On Sunday, John McCain blamed the American media for the wars on popularity, claiming reporters aren't telling the real story about the success in the war.
But the story, McCain dished out after his claimed walk through the safe streets of Baghdad was far from the truth. He lied outright, he lied outright along with his two Republican comrades.
Senator Lindsey Graham claimed he were warmly welcomed in the market and begged that he bought five rugs for five bucks.
I think that's what mode did, too, didn't it?
Representative Mike Pence in Indiana Republican marveled at his ability to mix and mingle among ordinary rackeys and claim the market was like a normal market in Indiana in the summertime.
I've been to a few markets in Indiana in the summertime, and over-calls seeing hundreds of troops deployed around the perimeter or canon-laden black-aw-cala coppers hovering overhead, but that was a few years ago.
Maybe things have changed in the hard land. Perhaps Indiana has become a war zone torn apart by civil war.
I guess we in the media must have missed that story as well. Right stock tops and he's good man, he writes good stuff, and it'll be a miracle if he's alive in six months.
If the good stuff won't come and get his ass.
Now, when I tell you the next thing about, I don't want to keep going on about this, but I don't want to waste my time writing all these messages back and forth.
Oh, boy. The same person who's been hacking our Myspace thing, I've said a notice to Myspace that to cancel the group.
Now luckily, of course, they send the email me back saying, did you really send this? And I said, no, of course not, and don't pochky around.
But that's what's going on now. Is that the professional hacker? Christopher, aka of that one, and what's the other name? Funky Mark? Who knows what other names?
Isn't that interesting? That really.
Annoying is the word. Is that right? Annoying. Yes, annoying.
And you know, I think I know why this happened. That's because in a moment of weakness, a couple of weeks ago, remember I told you I let the recruits him to come back on there and that's where he got in there.
Once they get in, there's no way to get him out.
So I think tomorrow morning we may have to start all over again on that deal. Well, we'll see.
Pracy and Kendall says, a warning to Josh.
Wow. Did you read this before you faxed it to me? Just like the first sentence.
She says, your sex and my space comments come across as quite prude, especially for a guy, Josh. Quite prude-ish.
That the result of that. Josh's perspective on sex, but I can't believe that this double standard still exists today. Why aren't women allowed the same liberties that men are?
I slept with my now husband of six years on our first date because I wanted him, and I was horny as hell. Luckily for us, he didn't act like Josh, if he had, he would have denied himself a great relationship full of love and hot sex.
I consider myself a regular upstanding chicken. All of my in-laws think so too. Have a great weekend. You too, Tracy. There we go.
There's the kind of lady we're looking for. Not some uptight prude. That's going to make you string you along and string you along.
Well, is it going to be okay on the third date, the fourth date, the tenth date, the fifth date? Is it ever going to happen?
So what do you think getting back to that other situation? Because I don't want to, you know, I mean, what are you going to say about that?
What are we going to say about what?
About what she just wrote, nothing you're going to say. I mean, you're entitled to your opinion.
Yeah, I mean, listen, I love most of the honest things you're full of crap too.
I'm still stating that I love women that sleep with you in the first date. I want to find them. When I go out on a date, I'm hoping to get in her pants.
But like I said, you know, I talk to a lot of people. It's not just me. I mean, like if I sleep with a girl on the first date, I just don't take that relationship whatever it's going to be after that seriously. That's just me.
How many times have you said that now? How many times have you asked me about 400? There you go.
Okay, let's get back to the poll and see if the audience agrees with you with your bizarre perspective.
Girls at Goal of End of First Day are the best 280, the best best by test, even with a small breast.
Or what I'm looking for 220. Just want a good time. 161. Slots 106. Well, I've heard that station.
And Rare 98, that's one of my favorites. They play all those moldy oldies that they won't play on magic. Rare 98.
Ho is 51. I hate this poll 46. Drunk 38 and disgusting 17 out of a 2017 vote. That's a pretty heavy duty number when you say a 2017. That's right.
For me, and then film director Terry Jones of Marty Python blasted the UK and US over the way they treat prisoners, comparing their policies to what he views as civilized treatment by British sailors in Iran.
They were being released by the way. Ahmed did a judge said, hey, here's a present for you. Here's happy Easter. Happy Shibu was happy paysock. Here's the sailors back. Don't bomb us, please.
I shared the outrage expressed in the British press over the treatment of our enabled personnel accused by Iran if illegally entering their waters.
It's a disgrace he wrote in a satirical editorial published in the Guardian. We would never dream of treating captives like this long and the smoke cigarettes, for example, even though it's been proven that smoking kills.
And if we're compelling poor service woman, fate, attorney to wear a black headscarf and then allowing the picture to be posted around the world had the Iranian's no concept of civilized behavior for God's sake, what's wrong with putting a bag over her head?
That's what we do with the Muslims we capture. We put bags over their heads so it's hard to breathe. They continued.
Mocking US camp practices at Guantanamo Bay, Jones said that one right the US supports produces that a privacy by solitary confinement.
Allowing the captives to write letters home saying they're all right as an uncivilized practice, the inmates have Guantanamo, for example, been enjoying all the privacy they've won for almost five years and the first inmate has only just been charged.
What contrast to the disgraceful Iranian rush to parade their captives before the cameras? This is Terry Jones.
10 past 11, I was being held still, Potsky, and we're on with that stuff for what? Who knows? Did you ever send them your information?
Have I your pardon? Did you sent him your money? I don't have to say that I did, but it wasn't necessary because before he even got off his ass, we had branded and already had that thing fixed and up and running.
Okay, then whoever the mysterious, there is tribal, I cancel the group and Potsky around. Guess what? No matter how many times you Potsky around, well, on Gopotsky, how do you like that?
Whatever the hell that means. Barack Obama's campaign raised $25 million in the first quarter just in on CNN.
We're the busy shooting people, by the way CNN. Not because they pissed off about the news, it was kind of like a domestic dispute.
You see that yesterday with two people shot them, were we on that on the air? Yeah, you do remember that? That's good.
That means you don't have syphilis here, that's a good sign.
Hi, I'm Dennis Bellman, the proud owner of Lucky. A champion golden retriever, isn't that right Lucky?
Lucky? Well tied there aren't you mate? Well, no other dog can outrun out, catch out, jump this retriever, shawing your stuff Lucky.
Jump! Catch! Catch!
Lucky? I sleep in like a baby, I must have overworked from this morning.
Anyhow, when it comes to champion dogs, I make sure they get the best nutrition possible, like new kibbles and crypts dog food.
Lucky just loves it, don't you Lucky? Well, little stiff there aren't you Lucky?
You smell going on too, anyway. Get outta here flies!
When he wakes up, he'll be ready for another training session and another tan of kibbles and crypts dog food.
It's the dog food that all dogs go woof over! That's your cue Lucky!
Woof! Alright, you get some rest there Lucky. I'm a stand flies, get outta here.
See I shouldn't play that because you know how much I love golden retrievers, they're the best dog. Any you people out there that got little kids and you're gonna get them a puppy, get a golden retriever.
Unless you got like a wheel like a small apartment.
What would be wrong with people? There are just some stupid people living a small apartment, they get a big dog.
Don't you think that's really a stupid, well what if they had the big dog and moved in a small apartment?
Well, then they shouldn't get a small apartment, they should get, if they care enough about the dog, they should like mortgage the house or do you know, steal some money and get a place big enough so the dog can run around.
You know what I'm saying? He can run around outside. He can run around outside and get what? Hit by a truck, flatten down the road in front of the houses.
What kind of a dog is it? I have a Bicengi. Well that's like a little vinyl with those are. Yeah they're cool. Yeah they're okay. They make a big gap a lot. No they don't bark. They don't bark at all.
No. Well what kind of a dog doesn't want, what good is it having a dog that doesn't bark at all? Supposed to be trying to break in your house to be a clock in the morning.
Well that would be my brother's job to pick past out the rock in the sack. Well my brother has a pit bull. So that was all great about that. Well you live with your brother? I'm about to yeah.
Oh it'll tell me you're moving again. Oh I am a homeowner man. You're a homeowner? I bought a condo. Homeowner. You're fairy.
Now wait a minute. Let's run that. I know you're making the big bucks now. But when you were on this show once upon a time. By the way George's on vacation this week he'll be back Friday though because I'm getting out of here early.
And thank God I'm getting out of here man. I'm going to tell you I got to my head is just spinning like a dreidel. It's a wrong holiday for that too.
Between the technical disasters we've had here which the audience couldn't hear they probably think oh Nia Nioh just making that up.
Yeah you wouldn't want to hear it you'd have a headache in 50 minutes. A throbbing headache between that and now all this other.
How's the ride going on here with these game players? See that's the whole deal you know you keep reading about these guys that hack into like general electric or hack into these big department stores and get everybody's records or hack into like city bank and get all your financial stuff.
Well let me ask you this if they hacked into this thing how do I know if they hacked into anything else on there. Well you don't have hurt you know you don't have your your banking you know you don't have a credit card.
You better you bet your sweet ass I don't yeah otherwise you would not be on it. Otherwise what well nobody would be on my space because it's so easy to you know get people's information.
So in other words you're saying they just hack into the site as opposed to when do your computer that that was my question Mr. Computer expert yeah on my space yeah.
But that's my whole point this business that people are capable of hacking into your whatever that's another piece of information I don't want to get your kids a nice golden retriever if you have a big house in nice yard.
But the second piece of information is do not do not start giving up for any kind of personal information to anybody that you run into on these but unless you trust them implicitly unless you trust them with your life.
I've only got two people on there out of 1317 who I would say I would trust them with my life. You follow and you know who they are.
I'm not going to go you know I'm not going to go in on the air because then all of a sudden they'll start getting hacked or whacked or whatever you know people be flattening their tires got only knows based on based on these psychotic people that we have running around on the loose.
Let's see Miguel let's see Miguel send me a message here he says it was you said it was fixed okay thanks Miguel it is fixed and give Brandon a big kiss on the forehead okay.
Actually Brandon might like me.
Yeah Brandon's by oh don't say that don't say bye oh boy. What's wrong with that there's and of course it's really interesting but the phony Christopher that
vanished yesterday he was also supposedly by now let me ask you this has Gwen showed up with your food yet. No no it's an hour
10 minutes before the ballgame now you know damn well there isn't any Gwen there isn't going to be any food and you think it's just a coincidence that some of these profile of
the vanished last night and then all of a sudden we're getting hacked and people are requesting to take this down and do that in the audio you think that's just a coincidence or do you think it's the same person who's
patching around. See I guess there are people who have no lives at all so I have no I spent all of their spirit time like interfering with everybody else's that's it.
That's right when it's like a Yenta professional Yenta in the condos the condo commandos they don't have any life of their own so they stick their nose they go out of the
people's mailbox they look at their mail they're looking to see who's coming in and who's going out at what time of day and they're like because they have no life of their own.
That's the South Florida F and Wabie baby I have no life of course we don't know that the person who's doing this isn't South Florida they could be anywhere right. Yes.
You all right. Uh huh.
One over three six let's get back to the important stuff and that girl that's girls who put out for our largely heterosexual male audience.
And that's what they're looking for that's what they wanted me for and even a lot of the married guys right now wouldn't mind having some hot young chick that would put out.
Am I right about that? Yeah. You bet girls who go all the way on the first date are the best two hundred ninety.
What I'm looking for two twenty two just want a good time one sixty two slots one away rare one hundred.
I still think those would be great FM stations rare one hundred.
We put that then why would I read off the map.
Oh 51 I hit this pool only forty seven four and a half percent and those people are probably.
How could anybody hate this pool.
This is a dynamite pool so even though we're given Josh a lot of crap about it.
Uh at least given quite a for the fact that he inspired this pool yesterday by his touching story about his Russian girlfriend.
There was a lot of touching but not not enough.
There was some touching I would assume.
When you said it we could ask you anything about it now all of a sudden you're climbing up with the deep touching of touching on what like the first day.
Yeah no I was just there was just a make out at the door at the first day.
I'll make out of the door you know I didn't get any action my first day a little peck on the cheap.
I didn't get any action the first thing nothing just just a just a kiss man.
I got I could do that for you.
I thought she did on the elevator.
No he no he attacked me on the other day and he admitted that the other day don't don't start saying I didn't.
I don't I'm not I'm not just you to my last joke I'm not into that I probably should be.
I had a lot more action in my life it was a lot more aggressive you know.
Just like all these people I talked to here on online everything and I always I always put the disclaimer.
I don't know why I should have to do this disclaimer because they know up front that I'm not that much of a crazy person.
I'm trolling on here like that bit we just played you know.
I have to see that's that's the problem with being an old fag you know I have to do this thing.
Well I'm certainly not trolling on here for sex with which of course I'm not you know how can you have sex by a long distance
with people that are 12-hour miles away you know.
Kind of difficult although there's some people of course and then a kids back in that whole Georgia deal with cyber sex.
I don't I don't even want to go there.
Cyber sex my ass.
Girls that go all the way in the first day now where I leave off I hate this pull 47 4.5% drunk 39 and disgusting only 17.
And they could still be disgusting and wait till the second or third day but like I said if they're disgusting they're probably going to be a second or third day.
The whole concept of blind dates you know isn't that generally I don't think it's so much when somebody does it off of one of these
Internet things it's when somebody fixes up somebody else with someone yeah.
Now generally I don't know if I should say generally but a lot of times it's relatives who are trying to marry off their
or friends or friends if a friend said to me that hey listen you know you're single I got I got this really hot
chick I want to fix you up with yeah I would not go but I've never been on a blind date you know I mean well
that works I would even an old bag like me knows how that works.
So you're going to meet her at the parking lot at I don't pick a restaurant like pick one any restaurant carabas.
Okay you're going to meet her in the parking lot of carabas they got a parking lot I would assume yes.
And you tell her how you're going to be dressed and she's going to tell you how she's going to be dressed and
and you pull up to the you know in the parking area and you look you get you get there a little bit late
you know a couple minutes late to make sure that she's already standing out there waiting and you see that oh my god
you're looking at that Sally that's sloppy Sally all and then you just you back out there and you go and yeah that's right.
That's the way to do it.
I was not in that's a solution for that project.
I mean it's a little bit on the roadside route and crewed but and again looks hard everything maybe Sally is the hottest
piece he ever had in your life maybe she's maybe she is just desperate maybe she will claw you interior
inside of but then again it's Sally is as bad as what I just suggested would you really want well.
And that's up to you it all depends on how desperate you are.
25 million for Barack Obama I give him a couple million if I had it extra if I went I'll tell you what if I
wouldn't the lot of life 38 million tax free I'll send a million to Barack Obama's campaign how's that.
Or just send it to me I'll give it to his campaign.
Yeah I mean yeah yeah I'll send you guys each a million you can donate it to the game.
Well done it in your name.
Yeah donate to the candidate of your choice right.
26 past 11 at 560 WK we're just a little hour away from that Marlon game.
Oh man I'm not too far away from getting that cabin on a way to Woodbuy speaking of winning the big bucks.
I think today's the day I can smell it.
16 hours today?
No.
4 or 5 moctops although it's a 12 30 start you never know and it all depends on how it goes.
If I get a really hot machine baby and it's paying left and right 2000 here in 3000 over there yeah the chances of that.
I'm making sound with my mouth.
I'm making sound with my mouth.
I'm making sound with my mouth.
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I'm making sound with my mouth.
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I'm making sound with my mouth.
I want to play to the audience.
Alright I'm 31 at 560 we're less than an hour away from that big ballgame.
I better get some music ready.
Oh I guess what showed up yesterday which I know that neither one of you care about it all.
What show?
What show?
I don't shame see you then I ordered from amazon.com the day before.
In fact the same day that the Boka Brands dub of it showed up.
Does it sound better than a dub?
It sounds let's hear.
It sounds about the same.
Although this sounds, oh that's not the cut which one is it?
It's number up on the roof.
Number 6.
It sounds about the same.
Especially on AEM you know.
It's a great CD and I'm glad that I got it.
Maybe I can auction it off on eBay for about 50 cents.
156 votes we're not just going to get to a thousand man by 1230 we're going to have 1100 and then some.
Huh?
And then some.
How do you like that?
I got to love it.
I do love it.
And that's because it's a sex pool.
That's what we need a lot more.
All you guys out there coming up with these pool ideas.
I think you've got the wrong pool on your mind.
That's the pool you ought to be thinking about.
That probably are.
No one are a crowd.
1056.
Girls who go all the way in the first day are the best.
295.
What I'm looking for.
229.
Just want a good time.
164.
Swats.
111.
Rare.
101.
Whole is 51.
I hate this full 47.
Drunk 41 and disgusting only 17.
Disgusting.
You know who probably said that?
Gay.
Nails.
Queens.
Probably said that.
Well that's disgusting.
And that would sound like to you?
Yeah.
Sound a little swishy to me.
I could be wrong but I don't think it's even debatable even though you're the one who brought it up.
You're standing delighted that you did because you got a phenomenal response.
And everybody's talking about it at the water cooler and in behind the closed doors.
They're business like that.
Do you ever have a jazz quarter?
He said, like that.
They're all talking about you no doubt.
So aren't you thrilled that you got on the show this week?
And Chris, by the way, was this in your real bad before you showed up this morning?
Was he really?
I was.
Now how you weren't?
Yeah I know it was.
All the engineer shows up here to test out what's wrong and he crawls around.
There's nothing wrong on this end.
Everything's fine.
That sounds fine too.
I'm both ends.
And then about 9 o'clock Chris says, well Josh was here this morning and now he's over at the stadium filming some stuff with who's the guy?
Jesse Agler.
Jesse Agler.
He's taking pictures and naked chicks in the stadium or something like that.
Who were doing some video man?
Why were you making a video for what?
For the, for that website, the Marlins baby.
We love the Marlins.
I listen.
I mean I could pretend I could put on a big act for you to give you a son of dance.
I just, I don't care.
Not, I don't want them to win.
I don't want them to lose.
I just want them to play a lot, especially early games.
That's all.
I just don't care.
I'm not one of those people who come on.
Oh man, isn't, you know, and we got some people on the year.
I don't want to mention any names or what time they are in the morning, you know.
But wow, wow, wow, wow.
Talk about sucking up big time.
Man, well, you know, I guess it's good to be enthusiastic.
Hey everybody, the Marlins, what are you doing?
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not like that.
You know, isn't that great?
Who cares?
Here's something a lot of people care about.
I-595 may become privately operated road with tools for the express lanes.
Oh, no way.
Way.
Way.
Would you listen to me now?
Five years or 14 years.
The one and a half billion dollar reconstruction of Interstate 595 is inevitable.
The only questions are how long it will take and how the state will pay for it.
Given a choice between dodging barricades for five years or 14 years,
most drivers would undoubtedly pick five.
That choice would come with a price.
The state may turn over construction control a little highway to a private company
that would recourse costs through tools.
In turn, the state and drivers get a billion dollar road project built on the third of the time.
The company would take on risks such as cost overruns that otherwise would long be paid by taxpayers,
but toll rates could be raised without public input and continued long after the project is paid off.
This is a potential mechanism to get one large project on much earlier.
It's very exciting, Sage M. Wolf, the Florida Department of Transportation District 4 Secretary.
It's definitely not business as usual, nor is the project.
See, when they were still building that road, it was already obsolete, as I'm sure most of you know.
That's the Florida FNWA.
The state wants to be built in wide in the 12 mile stretch of I-595 to five lanes in each direction between state road 7
and the I-75 SOG-REST expressway junction.
They want to put a function at your junction.
Reverseable express lanes build above I-595's grassy median will whisk long business commuters east in the morning and west in the evening.
Drivers using these express lanes would pay a toll that would go up at a rush hour to keep the lanes from clogging.
The concept called congestion pricing relies on civil economics.
The higher the price, the more likely some drivers are likely to use the regular travel lanes or drive at less congested time of day.
Yeah, they have a charge like 100 bucks to drive on 595.
Then you'd see a clear out real fast, wouldn't you?
Yep.
I-595 toll-rich express lanes would feature high-tech overhead sensors that eliminate the need for gridlock toll plazas.
The regular lanes of 595 would remain toll-free but more crammed than the free-flowing express lanes.
While Donna Guthrie likes the idea of having the option of paying a toll-free swifter drive, she's not so sure about letting her private company control the road's purse strings.
I'm not too keen on a private entity owning something that's traditionally government responsibility said Guthrie uses I-595 in her daily commute from 4 Lauderdale to Coral Springs.
She says I would take advantage of the express lanes, but I wouldn't use them all the time if it's going to cost me if I'm late to work or head into the airport.
Then I might use them.
Then I might get in there and floor it and pay them 5600 bucks.
With state and federal officials opposed to raising gas taxes with paid for the interstate highway system,
Florida and the host of other states are considering leasing roads and bridges to private companies to pay for new construction.
Faced with a rising construction cost and the $700 million shortfall for 595 and Broward, the state will meet in May with investors and contractors from all over the world to consider financing options for the mammoth I-595 project.
If plans go forward, construction of the highway and noise will also begin in 2009 and be finished in 2014.
If the state waits until public money becomes available, construction will start in 2010 and take until 2024.
2024, that's like 17 years from now, some of us should live so long.
That's my goal is to live long enough to see them finish I-595.
See, there's a goal. You know, we all supposed to have goals in life?
That's my goal.
Good luck with that. It's not to pay that tool.
The state is secured about $805 million. About half of them they needed for the overall 595 project.
Without private financing, the I-595 quarter would be divided into 12 separate projects, build over 14 long excruciating years.
If the state gets a favorable reaction from investors and contractors next month, then it could hold a public hearing this summer, begin the process of seeking qualified firms.
By February 2009, a firm could be chosen, construction would begin that year.
And then of course, when there's construction in 595, you think you got sourced now, baby. You ain't seen nothing yet.
You know how that works.
And you know something, I may fall off the chair.
I may just actually fall off the chair. Now that I'm going on vacation Friday afternoon for a week, I get a new piece of copy from Hank Guerrero.
I shouldn't probably not, not Hank Guerrero because Chris said he looks pretty good.
Now would you just chuckle when I said that?
Yeah, kind of.
Well, you're there and I'm here, so I don't know. I mean George when I said that, he said, yeah, he's not a bad looking guy, but probably not your type.
Whatever that means.
Well, whatever that means, you know.
Okay.
Now what would you say?
Oh, no big give me that crap again about well, how do you know? You've seen the guy give me an estimate.
He's a normal looking guy to me.
Yeah. How old is he about 25?
No, he's probably, probably low 30s. Low 30s. Well, like I said, way too old.
Okay, well, thank you. See, at least again, honest answer from him. He was post from the other guys.
Well, the British foreign secretary is going to say, but I beat, but I'm up and see that.
We did a wonderful job. They're going to come back alive and that great.
Yeah, a thousand and seventy seven votes are sex poll shame on us.
We better stop with this kind of crap right away.
Girls who go all the way on the first date are the best 297 are what I'm looking for 238.
Just want a good time 167 slots 112 rare 103.
Who's 53?
Hose. I hate this poll 47.
I hate this poll.
Rams with ho.
So our drug 43, the lifeily drop, we should have probably put that on there.
Delightly drop, at least from your perspective and disgusting only 17.
Havana.
Gila.
Venice.
Oh, Havana.
Gila.
Venice.
Havana.
Havana.
Havana.
Havana.
Havana.
Kukin' up and young.
Oh, hey there, gilvie.
What do you know from my new time machine?
When I had to bring them back to the QAM studios to do it.
The wait a minute.
Time travel is really possible.
It is when you run out of storylines.
Oh!
What?
Here goes that!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
What are you doing?
Play that single!
Shingu!
Oh!
Oh!
Who the hell are you?
I'm Zordian.
Yeah.
You're charged?
No!
No, you're a job, or I'm taking off an ass.
Oh, shall.
Guess this is my job.
Say something stupid.
Oh, uh, this here is a more than a 5.
6.
8.
M.S.
What?
Whole rate rating is here.
We've got a rate this.
Uh, a cycle.
Number nine this week on a Tiger Radio Silver Dollar Survey.
It is.
Sonny and mild 75 WQAM degrees in the Magic City.
Ladies, but.
Jefferson's greatest sale over here.
I don't know what I can't wear high.
You.
You don't know what this jacket I ever had.
I don't know either.
I got no idea what I'm doing here.
That's for sure.
Now get your neck record in two.
What this one here?
I hate this song.
They cut off.
Well, ain't last year.
Oh, I'll break your legs in a minute.
Okay.
Okay, we got hauled in from the floor, dude.
Phone goes through that.
Uh, hot.
What?
This one?
Open that pot.
That paying for this.
Yeah, this is mow it.
What do you know what he said?
We are about 4366 on one day of the week.
I got a new album.
That's Terry Ataka.
Uh, okay, I'll do my best.
W2AM, nonstop music.
Hit.
I'll see here.
Why don't you know what I'm doing?
There is no rap.
I tell the other head to do that.
Cool.
Now, I'll just show that to you two or less.
Hang off your fatty jacket.
No, not in the past.
I'm still a boy.
Come here.
What are you trying to say, mo?
Okay, 13 million, spit it out.
Boy, I'll tell you what we got 43 minutes
until ballgame time.
Wow.
I'm excited.
No, sure, I'll sound like it.
You're bummed out because the audience just agrees with you
and thinks that you're some kind.
Hey, listen, they just need to know that.
You have to take an LR.
You're all sitting away.
Most of them are jealous.
They wish that they were hanging out with an LR.
I'm excited.
They wish that they were hanging out with that Russian
girlfriend of yours.
That's right.
They're trying to be very delicate the way I put that.
They wish that they were hanging it out with that Russian
girlfriend of yours.
104, baby, 1094.
Wow.
How about you, even Chris, who's, you know,
basically like a big lump on a chair?
How about you, he's impressed.
Oh, yeah, you know what, baby.
Oh, man.
Woo!
You could smell the insincere of that on Uranus.
What are you talking about?
Maybe all the way to prove them.
Yeah, whatever.
No, I'm sure you're impressed.
And also Brandon says he wants to be on the payroll because he's the one.
I'm sure Miguel could have eventually, after like scratching his head a little bit, you know,
a little, maybe a maybe a no-tier too.
Well, you might want to tell him as his buddy, he doesn't want to be on this payroll.
Yeah, basically he's already on the payroll because it'll be about the same amount of pay.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Brandon, you're already on a QM payroll.
In other words, what you're getting from us is what you would get anyway.
Plus, without the grief.
But thank you very much.
He did a wonderful job, a masterful job.
That was beyond above and above, beyond a colladoody.
And what was I saying to you about that Christopher?
In fact, when George is here on Friday, I'm going to give him a zet's too because was I saying that right in the beginning?
Did you want him to come and be your nurse?
No, I wasn't.
That was the joke.
I was saying right in the beginning that he was like a non-real person, fantasy person.
But nevertheless, you know, it's one of those things.
I don't know, maybe that adds to the mystique of all these things.
You think so?
You think that there's some of them?
I don't think so.
I think it's nauseating.
In fact, you know what would be the best requirement?
What's that?
For anybody that I haven't, that I don't know for sure is for real.
Which is, there's only, well, I mean, there's only a couple of people I know for real.
That I've met and actually know and have touched and hugged and embraced or whatever.
But I have them hold up a picture saying, Neil God, you know, I hold up a poster and have their picture taken and put that on their profile page.
Well, now make everybody who wants to be a friend do that.
No, don't say that's a good idea.
No.
Then at least, then at least you know that maybe the person in the picture is who they claim they are.
But then that doesn't prove anything else about them either.
They still be a plan again.
Would you do that to be someone's friend on the ice base?
Well, look, we cut the number of friends way down.
At least we'd also cut the BS way down too, you know.
I don't really care.
Remember, Neil's legendary though. He doesn't have to do that anymore.
Yeah, that's right. I'm legendary.
I don't have to do that for other people.
If I want to be somebody else's friend, they damn well better accept her.
I'm gonna say, what's the matter?
I couldn't have for you, huh?
Huh? Huh?
Huh? Yeah.
Thousand-eighty votes on a pool.
Now we're gonna go over 1100 before the top of the hour.
Well, I am so impressed.
I knew it though as soon as we put this pool on there.
I see that. That's when you're legendary.
You pick up on that when John started talking about, you know,
how do we get in the conversation?
Something about it.
I guess I was getting a little bit too personal, you know.
Yeah, you were.
No, I was not getting too personal because you said that you didn't know.
I know, man. I'm just taking a jab at you.
No, you're not. You just, yeah, we have the,
it's the middle of paysock and you're taking a stoff.
That's because you're anti-semantic.
We have 1308, I just added another rum.
Now, let me ask you that.
What do you think about groups?
You know, all these music groups, we have many of those.
Who are like friends, you know, they're looking for a little publicity in there.
But I don't mind that.
You know, any local groups are looking for a little pub.
Mm-hmm.
What do you think?
It's fine by me.
What do you mean, do I accept them?
Yeah.
You don't accept anybody.
Why don't you accept anybody?
If you turned out my buddy Ricky for crying out loud,
you don't accept anybody.
Well, I don't know him.
Well, I'm not gonna talk to him.
What's the point?
I think the reason that you were probably scared off by him is that in the beginning,
his profile picture was, it was one of those, how do you describe it?
One of those, um, gay?
No, it wasn't.
It wasn't.
It was like one of those phone-y, like a carnival kind of like with a face scrunched up.
No, I didn't accept him because I don't know him.
Yeah.
I wouldn't talk to him.
We had nothing to say to each other.
What's the point?
Well, I mean, he wouldn't have anything to say to each other.
How do you know?
He would say, hey.
Maybe he'd like to share your heart, Russian girlfriend.
How do you know?
Look at him from what he's writing to me.
I think he probably would.
I'm sure he would.
Maybe he'd like to share some good times.
Or I actually played that if I had a cute up, but I don't, and I'm not gonna.
I'm trying to still figure out.
We only got 30 minutes till the ball game.
Wow.
I better start putting my, I got my pants on because the engineer was here.
I did take my shirt off again in the interim.
So I better start like, spritzing under my arms and like getting all cleaned up for woodbind.
See, I don't want to be one of those stinky people that woodbind.
I don't want people to say, oh, there's that old guy again.
He smells real bad, you know.
It's one thing if they say, looks real bad.
That's not what I can do about that.
That's me.
But there's like a totally before, if you can't look good, at least smell good.
That's one of my best lessons in life for this audience.
If you can't look good, then at least smell good.
Don't smell too good, like the crow used to.
Did you ever get anywhere near him by the way you do any?
Yes.
Are you saying what I'm alright?
Yeah.
He would have been like, I took a bath in Kashmir, bouquet.
So he's a warm drop ball probably.
He would fill up like, he filled up a bath tub with Kashmir bouquet.
I liked that one.
And just soaked himself in it all day.
Just like too much, man.
Oh, man.
Oh.
It's one thing to smell good, like I said, but it's nothing to smell too good.
Too good is like, like that.
And then of course he had that episode where he bitched out the, um,
nice lady in the county there and he just canned his ass.
He just, he went nuts.
WNC, hello.
This could be our one call on ball game day.
QAN.
Hello.
Now you had the feeling there was somebody on it, didn't you?
I did.
I had the feeling too.
But maybe they just chickened out.
I mean, they didn't want to stand out from the crowd.
The idea that I would want to take one call on ball game day.
And guess what we got on the pool right now?
And even despite of all these defuble these today, man,
they threw everything but the kitchen sink actually when he worked on his station
and we still got 1100 votes on our very clean and pristine for the old queen pool.
1100 votes.
And of course, why the hell not?
What red blooded headwear, what even like lily livid headwear sexual guy
wouldn't have an opinion on that?
That's why when I see the 4.3% 48 out of 1100 say they hate this pool,
you know that they're all gay.
They got to be.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm just wild about Harry.
WDQAM, hello.
Shembo.
Okay, so killing troopers with one stone.
There's a little lesson for you. That's how that works.
It works like a charm.
And in 1103 on the pool right now,
even Mormons jumping off the Bushman wagon as the war takes its toll.
Iraq is lost militarily and politically.
Even the Mormons are now abandoning President George W. Bush's mad war.
That's akin to the Swiss guard deserting leaving the Pope defend for himself with the Vatican under siege.
Oh, that Swiss guard, man. They just look really good.
And they have to.
Other than his own greedy family members, oilbearers and military contractors,
no group of Americans is stood so steadfastly behind the Bush administration and the members of the Church of Latter-day Saints.
Voters in Utah, the Mormon Theocracy, have supported Bush with loyalty.
They usually reserve for the Brigham Young football team.
In 2004, Bush and Vice President Cheney's criminal enterprise got 71% of the vote in Utah.
The Salt Lake Tribune reported that three year compilation of Gallup Poll showed
staunch support among Mormons for the war in Iraq and Bush's handling of the violence.
But a recent survey found just 44% of those identified themselves as Mormons said they backbushed his war management.
Mormons support for the war has plunged 21% in just five months.
They're a little bit slow, but sooner or later they catch up to it.
Sooner or later, the morons.
And what's this business with Mitt Romney?
I mean, what is all that all about?
That he's ranking the running number three and the Republican.
Well, what is that?
And of course, everybody, their brother is running.
And it's only April of 2007.
Everybody wants to be president.
And I think a lot of these guys after they see what they're going to inherit from this lunatic, this Nazi that we have in it,
they're going to say, well, maybe it wasn't such a good idea after all.
Just maybe.
1156 at 560, deputy queen, don't forget to hump her beyond after the Amarland game.
The new and baseball at FIU at 780K follows that ball game.
All the ball games, all the balls, all the time.
This is very quick.
Whenever I shake my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
All right.
Time for a shout.
I want some wind.
Here we go, let it play like gravy.
Wind.
These are what ball players do.
A silent wall of meat.
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good enough to eat.
I want to hear you'll go on a date, but there's no chance at all.
So does the make me a sports queen if I want to see him grab the balls?
Oh baby, wow.
Look at that kid.
He waited on that boy like gravy.
Wind.
I got a high left-wing screen that helps me see his balls.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get none.
No, the days of a busy school, okay, that's not so great.
But I'm vegetable with a mad name, at least until it's 28.
I'm crazy now.
I want some wind.
He waited on that boy like gravy.
No.
Oh baby, wow.
Look at that kid.
He waited on that boy like gravy.
Yeah, let's just spend a couple hours talking about that dolphin quarterback situation.
What do you say about that?
Oh.
How long ago was that predicting the death of sports star radio?
How long ago did I tell you about that?
A long time ago.
I mean, you don't have to give me a number, but just quite a while ago, right?
Back in the day.
And I told you that.
It just did just only so many people stupid enough that they want to hear the same ball games
just goes over and over and over again.
And if I had to hear Drew Rosensteelhouse, you know, yesterday I came in here to hear if the
audio was breaking up, which it was at that point.
It was about five o'clock during the Humper Show.
Yeah.
And we were playing the open for the hour wind bag show.
Do you know that he's got his own sponsor and his own open and...
Oh yeah, for two years now.
Are you...
By the way, are you...
Are you Soda's Drew Rosenhouse, Soda's Eric Reed?
You know, all of the guests have opened.
Yeah, a lot of the regular guests all have their own opens.
They're sponsored by everybody.
Do you have to be yanking my toenails?
Nope.
I'm just checking out some music for the Afree game.
How about Happy Days, huh?
Happy Days are here.
Happy Days are here.
Thanks, show.
Good to know.
I cordy think.
Happy Days are here.
Happy Days are here.
Oh, right.
Happy Days are here.
What do you think?
No.
Not good going to the market.
How about...
Now here's one that fits right in with the Florida Marlins.
I played that unit with the open.
A little down Johnson actually.
Maybe I remember down Johnson when he was under 100 years old.
Oh, you didn't even let it hit.
Jesus.
Why?
Hey, listen, you got to...
You got to hold something back, man.
See, you got to hold it back.
Just like those girls that you wanted, day four or five, 15, 20 times.
You want them to hold it back.
I got something for you.
Okay.
It's time to talk Miami Heat and NBA basketball
with the South Florida Sun Sentinels, Ira Winderman.
Why are you by?
And it goes on and on and on and on.
Yeah, it's a minute long open.
Oh, I'm so glad that you did that.
I'm so pleased that you did that.
And shopped it right at that point.
We didn't want to start interfering with Irish wonderful sponsors and stuff like that.
That would be bad.
That would be a real bad move on your part.
Because you were the one that played it.
Okay, can we go back to the pool before you start picking on poor Ira?
Ira, you're the assassin, baby.
I wouldn't be...
Now, does he show up on the other station across the street or what?
I believe he's our sole property.
Oh, my God.
No wonder we're done in the ones in twos.
Uh-huh.
There's Ahmed in the job.
He's personally greeting the British troops and saying,
Hey, have a good salami in the Swiss and it's a trade,
but you're going to go to hell anyway.
Look at that.
He's personally greeting these guys.
They were very disgusted as, for us Prime Minister Blair said that they were...
Prime Minister Blair stated on the television.
Yes, Prime Minister Blair said to get...
We have lost, honey.
1121 votes on the pool.
Girls to go all the way in the first date are the best 304.
What I'm looking for, 248.
Just won a good time, 181.
Sluts, 186.
Rare, 106.
Hose 56.
I hate this pool 48.
Drunk 44 and disgusting only 18.
See, so, you know, I'm now interpreted, whatever I want to interpret it,
but it just, it seems to me that the audience is in very strong.
And of course, you're in subtly opinion.
They disagree with me about a lot of things too, you know.
Like about how important ball games are, stuff like that.
Fuck!
Yeah, like that.
So, and do I care if they disagree?
Of course not.
No.
Because if you're going to live your life worried about what everybody else in the world thinks,
then you're going to be a very sad camper when it comes time to stick your dead ass in a box.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So, don't you worry about these other guys, the fact that they want to hop on some 4-6 bones,
the very first, the very first, not forget about night, afternoon.
You know, they pick them up at the door and let's go home, okay?
Let's get right to it.
Let's get right down to it.
Let's not bother with dinner.
Let's not go to a movie.
Let's not even waste our time pretending.
Let's get right down to it, okay?
Yes.
That's what they want.
The disgusting, like it says there in the box, disgusting in grotesque and desirable.
Seriously, that Cristiano Alman por, I think she's a guy.
And about what their capabilities are and what their...
He's a guy and I think she got that hair from an Afghan hound.
I could be wrong about that.
It's badly dyed Afghan hound here.
No, that sounds pretty accurate.
Yeah, that's a bitch.
From 07 at 560 WQ, we got that big ball game, Marlins in the camps, the Marlins undefeated.
Or I say the camps and acts.
Excuse me.
By the way, the camps beat the Panthers last night to make it official.
Not that they had any chance anyway.
The Panthers once again will not make the playoffs.
Oh boy.
Three times in the history of that franchise they made the playoffs.
The one big year with the rats and the Stanley Cup finals.
But it was a lot of fun.
It was exciting.
But that franchise has lived off of that one year for many, many, many, many...
That was back in the old Miami arena.
I think this is 10 seasons now.
They've been in the Abroad one in the Info Center.
They made the playoffs two other times.
They lost to the Rangers in five four games to one.
And they got swept by the Devils four games to Zippo last time.
So they made the playoffs a total of three times.
But you better renew your season tickets.
So they'll be very wounded and very hurt.
A Barlet.
I never got a word, ever, the coldest said.
In cold here in Bevels, you have a relipses red.
I don't think we ever saw her when she wasn't high.
Or involved with some kidding eye.
The odds near results were no big shock indeed.
Doctors found more dangerous in her than at a Dwayne Re.
Her crazy boyfriend lawyer could not help majesty.
She was a human upon her carry.
And the list of stuff was carried.
They found some guys to play.
She took some for nice to play.
In just it's a nice to play.
And a canvas fell.
She took some for nice to play.
And if you are just a pal,
That's all I have to play.
Including or die as a pal.
I don't know how she was even able to stand.
She had more drugs in her than a 60s rock band.
There was not one single narcotic that she missed.
Who the hell was her pharmacist?
At one point she was the signs of my knowledge, young.
And when she spoke, she sounded just like Elmer Fard.
Did she just think of those words?
Did she put things that her nose?
Did she have any feelings down in her toes?
Or in her gigantic bottom pillows?
They bought some nice to play.
She took some for nice to play.
In just it's a nice to play.
And a canvas fell.
A rock.
She took some for nice to play.
And if you are just a pal.
That's a whole lot of fans family.
Including or die as a pal.
How about just sucking down a whole can of a pan?
A pan, a pan, not a pan.
Isn't pan with a spray on a pot, right?
Potts and pan, a little pan.
So anyway, you will get a big kick out of this.
Or maybe not.
You see the people that you're really suspicious of,
they're not going to do that.
Of course, Christopher is already gone anyway.
So we can't worry about him holding up a sign.
But Ricky, who's been, you know,
welcomed into our close personal family here,
he's the one guy that he, during his lunch break,
he took the picture with a sign up,
Neil Upier or whatever it really wrote.
And he put it on the thing here.
How do you like that?
There you go.
So now there's no doubt that he could use a haircut,
though, hey Ricky, give a little haircut.
Or not, as a case maybe, whatever makes you happy, man.
Who uses a haircut?
But, there he is, like a real living and breathing person.
Is that a breath of fresh air?
And you pooped that.
You thought that was a bad idea,
or you thought nobody would actually do that.
Comedy show.
You thought nobody out there in radio land
wants to be friends with the old queen badly,
and they're going to go to all the effort.
Well, how much ever does it take, you know?
I mean, obviously this picture was a real quickie job.
What you do it?
What?
Would you do it?
Of course not.
What I do it for whom?
Me neither.
Anybody, would you stand on it?
I'm going to put it on my own.
I might do it for people.
This is people.
I might do it for my friend from Berlin
if he wanted me to hold up a picture.
Although, I probably wouldn't want him to, you know,
in the dark, I probably look better.
Haha.
Oh.
1139 votes on the pool.
Maybe I'll just have a picture in the dark, you know?
Real dark.
Real lot of shadows, you know?
Girls who grew all the way to first date are.
This is pool that went over bigger than Mary Tyler Moore
and a six million dollar man.
I just want you to know that right now.
And I think Josh Curtis is a real slap on the back.
For doing this.
Don't you, Chris?
Now let me ask you this.
It's 1216.
Did Gwen show up for the food yet?
Haha.
Yeah.
Didn't I tell you there wasn't going to be any Gwen?
There wasn't going to be any food.
There wasn't any Christopher.
Didn't I tell you all these things?
Did I say that?
Yes, you did.
You know, fool me once, shame on you, but fool him twice.
Can't get fooled again.
Can't get fooled again.
That's what we say back in Texas.
I'm sure you're in Tennessee.
Can't get fooled again.
Redneck Dumbo.
That's your president, man.
Dummer than sawdust.
Fourteen minutes less than 14 minutes away from that Marlon
Washington game as they tried to sweep the opening series of the season.
Wouldn't that be a real feather in their cap?
Who's the manager of the Marlins now, by the way,
that they fired poor Joe Geroni?
Freddie Gonzalez.
Freddie Gonzalez.
So I see.
I guess they figured that would help, you know?
Just like Linda Marlins, third, they had all these Latino players on her.
But you know, the Cubans love their baseball.
And of course, they didn't love the Marlins.
They weren't drawn flies.
Now, who's going to be in for the opening?
Let's see, I can tell you.
Don't tell me.
Because it's probably on the schedule for Friday.
Well, they filled it off here, Phillies.
There'll probably be a couple of Philly fans there.
Girls who go all the way on the first date are the best three hundred and twelve.
1140 votes.
Boy, a short show today, a two and a half hour quickie, man.
And look how much of our time was wasted with all this other fuzz or rye here
with people poshking around with my my space page.
In the middle of Passover and Easter, huh?
Even Jesus probably never felt so much pain on Chris Eviction Day.
Jesus Christ.
That's right.
Even he never got nailed like we did today.
But thanks to the help of our close personal friends, we survived.
The best three hundred and twelve girls who go all the way on the first date
are what I'm looking for, 250.
And I believe you on that.
Who the hell would not be, you know?
I just, I don't know.
What do I know?
It's way out of my territory.
I'll leave it in your fine hands.
And other parts.
Just one a good time, 184.
Sluffs, 117.
Rare, 109.
I still, you know, maybe it's the radio thing in me, you know?
I got a little radio thing in me.
I just can't get that out of my way.
Rare, 109.
In fact, when Rick Shaw retires from magic, he can unretair and go on my station.
Rare, 109.
And then we'll have like medium rare, one away.
I don't like being in a restaurant with people at order steak.
Rare, and it's like a, it looks like there was a blood bath on the plate.
You know, they bring out this bloody oozing, oh, we order medium rare, right?
What?
You get an order medium well.
I don't want anything bloody on me.
A steak medium well?
That is, oh that's not a terrible man.
That's like, that's blasphemy.
Yeah, that's just absolutely, I just lost a lot of respect for you.
How do you eat a steak, meaty, like that's all the flavor, man.
Meat rare?
You know, in conjunction with our pool today, I have something I could say right now.
You know, Joyce and my better judgment will reframe me from saying it.
But moving right along, like what did I say before to each his own is what I said.
I'm not a judgmental person.
If you like, if you like your steak as raw as they just cut it off the cow,
then have a good time, okay?
Grow a simple wall away on the first date.
I know, what is this beeping I'm hearing?
Oh, you want to know what that is?
What's that?
I'm calling somebody.
I'm calling a non-existent number.
I've done that before.
That's why I never keep anybody in my...
That's really stupid.
Got to keep your keys locked.
Yeah, lock this, okay?
Yeah?
I hate doing that.
And what I really ended call, ended disconnected.
And I was calling 2-3-2-3.
What I used to do, in fact, I remember one time I called Joe Bell by accident.
I don't remember whether you answered the phone or not.
But when the next phone number in your blackboard around your cell phone,
when the memory, or I accidentally hit that call thing,
you better be real careful, you know, what's going on.
Now, when I finish this poll or not,
it's not really important whether I finished it or not,
because nobody cares anyhow.
Girls to go all the way.
I hate to... our whole was 57.
That's where we stopped at rear.
And you've got all bent out of shape,
because I like my steak medium.
Well, I don't really care.
I'm not going to order it any other way.
But I'm going to...
Since I'm the one that's paying for it,
I'm going to order it the way I like it.
How do you like that?
I don't ask a revolutionary concept, but guess what?
Too bad.
We're 109.
Whole is 57.
I hate this poll 49.
Drunk 44 and disgusting 18.
Out of an amazing 1150 votes today, revolutionary total.
Oh God!
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their 5-o'-vs better?
Well, I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of YouSync, my martyr,
comes a game the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion!
Crucifixion is not just fun to play,
but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible.
And the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful.
If you pick a wrong letter,
your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
Um, I'll take a guess.
Um, how about a chair?
Nope, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Jesus.
After three nails and one spear to the chest,
everyone loses.
But don't worry, in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store
and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll nails and a tiny spear.
Fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included.
Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers!
There's Lady in town.
She's another dox Jewel.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Um, um, um, um, um,
and she's buying bread at seven.
He left them.
Oh, and the bread is wonderful.
Oh, and the bread is wonderful.
Oh, and the bread is wonderful.
See, there's a little sun for everybody there.
We don't want to offend just the glamour just in Jew.
So we, you know, we're not offending everybody.
But you think that's the fair way to do it?
Yeah.
1227 already.
My God, I got my pantaloonies on, my shirt, my shoes,
my new balance shoes, and my jacket.
And I got my woodmine wallet in my pocket.
But I'm ready to go.
And I got my pills in my other pocket.
Now that's kind of sad though.
You know when you get old and you got to take what kind of pillor.
You got to go on, huh?
No, I'm not talking about ending a cold type of pills.
I'm talking about blood pressure pills and Coke, you know.
Stuff like that.
Coke?
I have a look at, huh?
Coke?
Viagra?
Yeah, Coke, ecstasy, Viagra.
Yeah.
Just in case I meet somebody hot at woodmine,
I got a little Viagra going there.
My case wouldn't help.
You never know the difference.
Okay, let me give you a one last run down on the pool.
I think, I think Josh deserves a real, a hug and a squeeze
from Chris at the end of the show.
You're going to go in there and give him like a kiss on the lips
and big squeeze.
Oh, yeah.
Did you know Mike Check out earlier or something?
Girls who go all the way on the first date, the final total
1164, we could have made 1200.
You know what?
We could have been contenders.
1165.
The best 321, what I'm looking for, 256.
Just want a good time, 189.
Josh, that's all they want, it's a good time.
Just show them a good time and shut up.
Give them what they want.
Sluts 118, rare 109.
Oh, I can hear it now, I can hear Jimmy Dorsey.
So rare, I can hear it because I'm old.
Hose 57, I hate this pool, 52, drunk 45,
and disgusting 18.
And you know what else I do that anybody,
any guy voted disgusting as gay.
Gotta be some flamer-scarer, like that kind of bank the other day.
Remember I told you when I went to complain about them bouncing that check?
They sent out this screaming, flaming, queen, and I thought to myself,
man, I can't get that out of here fast enough,
even an old fag like me don't want to be hanging around talking to this screamer.
I think there was a method, no madness,
but they just make it up as they go along.
Hey, we got a minute to go to the ball game.
Is that an excitement or what?
I won't see how this time's out, okay?
Let's see if the old touches still there.
As in touches.
Marlins in the neck.
As in hum like a neck.
Do you like it?
Have you?
