Damn it!
The O-
Y-
Y-
I just drove away, how could I paint?
I'm down to my last scent, I saved my pain, to fill my tank, but I can't drive without
High-pricing sea, the new gasp ice, it should sting, but I think it bites, don't
move this way, just can't pay, and my tank is mostly fuel.
Hell, I'm trying to use my bike to ride around, they're way over, I call that, you're right
to ride around, they're way over, I call that, you're right to win this battle,
and win my house, this, yeah, it's free to win me, so I'll play
getting the farthest I've ever owned.
Thank you Mr. President for those low-gas prices, you butcher, you murderer, you lunatic,
you bastardo, whatever else.
Oh, somebody mentions about the Memorial Day, what was that thing?
Oh, it's on this fact, you just sent me about it.
All these people that want to correct Charlie Bees, I'll admit, I ended a couple of
nights, I had a tree on here, on a day's pole, about your favorite TV private ice
series from the past, and we can argue about, you know, we can split hairs,
curly hairs, about which is a private eye, which was a cop show, I understand that.
It's just a pole, it's just for fun, it's just to kill some time, okay, and your
God for a sake in life, so here it's going to rain all weekend pretty much.
A lot, that's what they said.
Which is good, you need the rain, but where we need the rain is in the lake, right?
Please, oh, I think a lot of rain is going over the lake, can't the Lord
get a little bit better aim for Christ's sakes, put that rain over the lake, you idiot,
you lunatic, you crazy God.
Anyway, the gods must be crazy, isn't that what they said?
So we got 85,000 facts is here correcting, and I didn't think of the night stalker,
but you're right, he was a reporter, he was not a cop, he was not a detective,
he was like, you know, he was a watch that showed, probably even I know that, right?
A private one.
It was a good show though, yeah, I liked it, he had a funny hat.
Like the Pope, like everybody, like all the ragheads, baby, like I've told you,
the world is a battle of head gear, man.
Oh God, well we'll get to that in a minute, although it does deserve, he reminds me again,
that's not the facts, where is the facts about the seat, oh here it is, it is on there.
Click it or ticket, baby.
Through June 4th, which is Monday, BSO deputies are joining with other law enforcement officers
throughout Florida and the nation, the firmly enforced vehicle seat belt and chalice
strength laws, motorists pulled over, who are not buckled, will be ticketed, no warnings,
click it or ticket, click it or ticket, and if you don't like it, shoot your ass, how do you like that?
Wow, anyway, we'll get to that in a minute, first of all, my good friend, Star Accommod,
thanks for faxing and letting me know, because you know I'm out of touch, and I'm excited
that I'm out of touch.
When it has to do with South Florida, I'm delighted to be out of touch as far away as possibly can.
And then I find out it's going to rain all weekend anyway, you know, well, what can you do?
Nothing.
Star Accommod from New Times, Broward Palm Beach Edition, faxes me this morning.
Congratulations to the organizers on being New Times, best AM radio personality for 2007.
Now that's as chosen by the readers, see that's the only one that I care about,
because at New Times and CityLink they both have this habit of doing these pseudo intellectual things for,
yeah, and they did it again.
They're a pick.
Oh, here's another fax about that stupid cop and detective and private eye.
Who cares?
Okay, will you people stop nitpicking?
Jesus, if that's the most important thing you've got to worry about, then your life must be sweet.
I'll think of that.
God.
Oh, brother.
What about some naggers?
There's nothing worse than a nagger.
Anyway, so they got this is the best of issue in New Times, which they do over here,
and so does SchmittyLink does the same thing.
Are they still a business SchmittyLink?
I don't hear nothing about them.
That's because I'm out of touch.
Anyway, best AM radio personality is one of the 85 million categories on their best this, best stat,
best restaurants, worst, they have to do the worst.
Anyway, best AM radio personality, the editors of New Times pick Pat Monague from Waves 1170,
which nobody listens to that, they got a zero point, they got nothing, you know.
They're not.
So the London ethnic states, 1170 Waves, WABS, they usually have about a 0.1.
Oh!
For sure, silly fun on the Waves, Miss Pat cannot be beat.
They say these dim radio days when a live human being in a malleable playlist is rare than a white rhino.
Someone like Miss Pat is a savior.
Tune into 1170 AM during a weekday drive home after working on her laughter, leak some levity onto that traffic jam.
She's leaking it, baby.
She's hardly gracing for her happy about that.
She's leaking it.
Whether it's her afternoon party mix or her reach out program, Miss Pat entertains with both new,
as well as old school reggae.
Oh, yeah.
And her homestum called and shows like, who wants to be a hundred dollar rare and domino grand slam,
which makes music trivia to make in history mine.
And Pat, Pat, Wawlase, to Lurady.
I've never seen that word in print before in my life.
And I actually pronounced it.
Pat Wawl.
Really?
I mean, have you?
Well, you know, I hang out with Haitians all the time, so sure.
No, this is Jamaican.
Oh, whatever.
This is Jamaican.
I don't know.
Oh, that's real is Haitian.
I'm sorry, I'm confused.
Pat Wawl.
We.
Pat Wawlase to Lurady into a hardy pan Caribbean stew.
It's all of these, it's all of the stuff.
All of that bigoted Caribbean stuff.
Any segment that Miss Pat Lin's her voice too was easy on the ears, but when she's live in the studio,
bantering with loyal listeners, there's an unplanned, unpredictable vibe that recalls the medium's golden age.
Bless you, Miss Pat.
Right there, yeah, yeah.
Readers choice, Neil Rogers.
How do you like that?
Neil, come on.
From 2007.
They didn't pick any of those sports nerds on AM.
I mean, who, you know, enough that the competition is pretty slim to be honest with it.
Am I right?
I'm sorry.
What's the point of time?
It was an honor to get that award, which I've had for what, 500 years ago.
The old man, he still hasn't lost it.
Whatever it is.
FM, they pick Joseph Cooper of WLRN, another pseudo intellectual pick.
Ever heard of Joseph Cooper?
Nope.
Neither did anybody else.
Of course, I don't listen to the other.
He's the sound of the, the sound of the, the monotone voice.
A strange choice for best FM radio person out of this.
He says, no, how it's turned assuredly.
Cooper is a unique force in local talk radio, though.
His weekday show, which comes on at 1 p.m. is local.
And these days, if it's not about sports or Steve Cain's randings, see, they mentioned
stuff that nobody listens to like Mr. Rigo.
God forbid they would mention anybody that, you know, the audience likes.
It's hard to get hometown programming in South Florida.
And then it would say, well, you're in Toronto.
And you know what?
I would say, thank God.
Cooper has it in spades.
No, he's not the most hard-hitting interviewer, but it is the list of some great information
from local authors, journalists, and newsmakers.
Wow.
It might be about, eminent domain issues, a look at the book about the Everglades or dubiously
CEO, federal documents, but it's always, almost always going to have a local angle.
And Cooper is more than just a season pro.
He's a rock.
He is really rock solid, as dependable as the turning of the clock.
Rock, sock, jock.
And assuming there's a security blanket, if everybody got his daily dose of Cooper, the
world would be a better place.
The readers though, pick Paul Castronova.
So in other words, they picked me twice.
They picked my material on A in the first time, and when it gets repeated on FM the second
time by Paul E. Boyd.
How do you like that?
Why do they even, why do they feel compelled to make their own choices there?
There's such a bunch of sues, you know?
Yes.
W-A-V-S.
It's always some ethnic station that nobody who speaks English ever heard of before.
I guarantee a Pat Monogu, if she came into your house naked right now, you wouldn't have
any idea who she was.
Probably Call of Poli.
You know, question.
Call of Poli.
Yeah, Mon.
Anyway.
So let's get to these fangs as now.
We haven't got anywhere near to this poll yet.
We've got to kill some really good time before we do that.
Well, here's that one about the night stocker.
Night stocker was not a private eye show.
It wasn't even a cop show for quite a while.
Well, it was a monster show.
It was a monster reporter show.
That's right.
And what was the name?
And what was the name?
Didn't he die?
Colshack, Darren McGavin, and then they didn't die.
And they remade that series and it was horrible.
Of course, all of the show makes, why do they do it?
I know.
Why do they keep doing that?
Okay, just show that we once in the original one.
That's good.
Quit making a, because you're going to make it.
How about, you know, have a funny character like he was again?
No, no.
We're going to have to do it.
They're all like cast, you know, man, they all got no original ideas.
They're all ripping off somebody else's material and doing it very poorly, by the way.
I understand he's playing your own on-sensor stuff, though.
Yeah.
He's playing my, and you know something.
The old stuff.
When he farts, it's actually mine.
Now, that's how unoriginal he is.
It's so sad, Paul.
You some kind of a tube to do that?
Yeah, we have a long tube.
It goes down to Hershey Highway.
Eric, you were rippin' Eric by the way.
He's a good guy.
Who?
Me?
Yeah.
Because he was bitching about, they were cops, not PIs.
About this email.
Oh, no, I was bitching about just all of them because they got like three emails and
facts and whatnot.
He got the cops on there.
Yeah, well, he's whatever.
He sends us a little bit.
He's fun.
Anyway, since I'm sure you know this, but I had to send it anyway.
Colombo, Kojak, and Street to San Francisco were cops, not PIs.
Well, you know what?
I'm the one that added all three of those.
So you can blame me, not Charlie B.
Murder she wrote was a writer, but she was still a private eye, yeah, writer, right?
I couldn't tell you.
So I added those three.
Colombo, I'm sorry.
Colombo belongs on there.
As a matter of fact, he's in second place right now.
Eric, he says, I demand they remove from the pool just kidding.
Thank God.
Have a baked day.
That must be for you.
I'm sure it is.
I'm sure it is.
I wait until they bake my ass.
As soon as I can.
I'm still the most popular AM personality on that scratchy AM dial.
Wasn't that exciting?
It wasn't no Joe Zagaki.
I'll tell you that.
There was no Dan La Bastard or Stu Goths or Wells or Evan Cohen.
Evan will be on for the mad dog into the.
How do you do yesterday?
Chris is he okay?
I believe so.
You didn't listen.
I sure am sure can fill us in.
Sure.
I understand that he talked about sports and nobody wanted to hear it.
So nobody really.
Oh, by the way, George has got a project he's working on.
Yeah, I'm almost done too.
Now can we hear a little bit of it?
Tomorrow we're going to hear the whole thing with all the bleeps and everything.
Can you hear a little bit?
Let me start it at the top here.
Oh, this is the all-time best.
Too bad we had to put the bleeps in.
Well, yeah, that is too bad.
Yeah.
I think they could figure it out.
Oh, no, no.
By the way, that's a fake little John Foyle's heap of things for it.
I haven't auditioned this yet, so you know, oh, I'm just seeing on the button.
I have an auditioned this yet, so you know, oh, I'm just seeing on the button.
Here it comes.
And it goes like that.
I'm holding that right off the editor there.
I'm not done that.
That's beautiful, man.
I'm very well done.
I like that.
What is that little sound?
What do you call it?
It's called the roboticizer and it's just a little effect that's on one of these editors
here that I found by accident.
It's a beautiful finger.
It doesn't have a bleep, so I had to resort to other methods.
Oh, here's another one of these facts is how can you forget the surfside six about a
couple of beastbumps that moved around my minute speedboat and saw the murders that the
bumping cops couldn't do.
Should be on the list question mark?
I don't know.
Surfside six.
I guess I've heard of it.
I put it on the go ahead.
I don't care.
I put it on there.
The more you put on there, Chris, the more votes we'll get and then of course they
will fear us.
Speaking of fearing, be afraid.
BSO's deputies will be conducting a traffic checkpoint operation Friday June 1.
That's tomorrow.
Tomorrow's June 1, oh man.
Oh, what it gets to be June I am.
I have to camp her.
In fact, I'm flapping my feet together right now and kicking me in the ankles and it hurts
like hell.
But it's June.
That's where it's at.
But this is not good.
4pm to 6pm and the 6,000 block of Kimberly Boulevard in North Lauderdale, they'll be doing
a traffic checkpoint and they're going to shoot your ass.
Vehicles be inspected for defective safety equipment.
Motors will be asked to show it and their drivers license to and registration and proof
of insurance.
They'll put you over and they'll say, let's see it.
This information is published in compliance with a Supreme Goer-Wolding Mandate in prior
announcement of selective enforcement activities, which thank God.
Supreme Court, which usually this bunch of fascists we got under now, can't be trusted
with 50 cent.
50 cent.
They're probably going to put him out of business too.
We can all do it.
We're here.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh yeah.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh yeah.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh yeah.
Joyce won't let me.
I'm going to run away here in the morning.
I'm going to spend the night with my family.
Anybody out there, I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to take up my windows.
I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to get a car.
I'm going to get the car.
Well, that was obviously approved by Our Medal of Abandonment, which means we could
play at that one time but how long will it be before that phone rings and I hear a message saying
Neil this is jolly joe the corporate doesn't want you to play that song anymore about
eight oh five sound and that will be more of a
I have to make another one isn't that point
I'll make it important we have to make another one minute at that point
a replacement in troubling again
again you just never learn your lesson do you miss it?
what? what?
you get a boy and they'll be nice to you and take care of you
yeah right sure yeah I'm attended it's all wonderful
and it's not it's not really well since you're so
feisty let's play that Rita mother F and book let's play the whole thing
I've done to right now
this is your boy he might see how you even saws with like
hoops and condoms this shit right oops
are you told me to play the unsensitive one
ah
I hit the button
oh man
that was a happy that's it all right at the same time I wasn't
oh
oh oops
yeah like I said just you know one thing to be enthusiastic it's another thing to be a little bit
over the top right like this one Bobby guy we have several Bobby's on there on my space
go one of this morning not not the Bobby the goofball but another goofball he's
given me oh well you know what's your he's gonna do she's not gonna fire fire
you're from playing that fire it up and fire that thing up and let it go
yeah right yeah fire that might suspend you
well screw them you think it's the first of June tomorrow I'm getting ready for my vacation
and my summer schedule I'm gonna like jeopardize that and my eighty trillion dollars a year
so in order to prove a point you know some of your people are so stupid man it's just
incredible yeah go ahead and play it there you play it
on your show on your station okay
god what a bunch of goofballs a suicide bomber more bad news from Iraq I thought everything
was all hunky dojo over there and it just every day we get more bad news
when's the good news starting probably long after we're all dead a suicide bomber hit
a police recruiting center in Falujo today killing at least 25 people only 50 mo
meanwhile US forces backed by helicopter gunships clashed with suspected ill kind of gun
in a western bag dad and an engagement that lasted several hours
at least ten police were among the dead in the Falujo attack which occurred about 11
o'clock this morning very time according to a police official in the city who spoke
on condition and an enemy because he wasn't authorized to release the information that
he did got a thing that's the end of him okay let's get to the pole stuff okay and
don't be playing that crap again man it's no I won't not until next time not good that
was some bad Schmidt although it got a good chuckle out of me anyway
again back to this guy who's a nitpicking about today's pool first years yesterday's
pull results I don't have to feel so bad about all these facts about today's pool and
speaking of all the interest in the near Rogers pool according to Chris rumor through
the who was it was Allison call you yes I would be correct she called you yes she called
me and asked what the uh pull result was because the Humper want to know what our pull
was must be his fourth right or guess must have been sick yesterday something like that
listen we'll take it we can get it we get more cross promotion on other stations in the
market than we do on this one and that's her damn sure everybody in their brothers
always making reference to me about something they are usually in a negative sense but
that's okay just just follow the name right and make sure they know what time we're on
and what station but on this station it's like you know we're the odd guys out because
it's the only non-spark shall in there for you like that screw it who's car with although
at the end of the show every day and Neil is next can he comes up with that Neil is next
who's afraid if he doesn't do that I'm going to rip him even worse than I usually do I don't
know how I could do that but I'll give it a shot who's car with them driving would you
least want to be a passenger and that was yesterday's pool Humper 1458 here's today's
schedule before we get in the pool Evan Cohen for a mad doggan that's second day in a row he must
have done not too bad because they didn't take him off the schedule there was the change in
the schedule that we had to revise it does anybody know does anybody have to game tomorrow and by
the way how about those ducks oh yeah oh two tomorrow is not guilty oh please let me turn the page
and see it's oh we got the oh you and baseball you and baseball in the middle of the day time
while people are awake oh my god and of course guilty was good we always love that you and
baseball boy I was great on that just keep standing the only believe I was great I did six years
of you and baseball play by play I was fan I was like the Mel Allen of college baseball cars Mel
did some college you and yeah at one time he was like senile in coherent he had no idea who was on
speaker that's speaking of hockey what a good game last night even though usually a one-nothing
game is pretty boring it was a great game and a high-end ducks one Ottawa the big oh yeah the
spokesman's going down spokesman's going down too bad I can't stand him I can't stand Dana
Elfrensen I can't stand the Ottawa Senators they suck they blow they're like joys they blow they
blow they blow anyway it was a anaheim a good game you watch it and when I'm laughing I'm I'm not
just talking about you I'm talking about like anybody listening you know it's out for the
watching the stand the cup finals right what's for this dad and like rugby sure 1458 votes on the pool
whose car with them driving would you least want to be a passenger in Ricky Tiki Sanchez one easy
hands down your pantaloonies baby 366 votes not just because he's a dangerous driver and killed
that guy in front of the stadium but because he's bad company don't pack to play it again I won't
Ted Kennedy 270 Bobby Brown 179 Lindsay O'Han 172 Paris Hilton 133 that bitch Mel Gibson 95 put a
little Missouza arrived here next just to be safe if he's driving Nick Carter 90 how do you like
that he started he wasn't even on there you fairly I added him on he's got 90 vote Billy Joel 57 David
Hassel's hall 40 Britney Spears 29 in the co-regy 27th and George says he's turned really really
nasty looking now so if you think you look bad be cold you ain't seen nothing yet she is me as tight
today's pool we can let's let's pick for a couple hours that'll kill some good time about who's
really a detective and who's a private dick and who's a cop and who's on first we got 848
on there I think you're safe for a thousand a day Chris although no 13 hundred you can bet
your life on it disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station
my expertise and the guy who got my teeth and spit me
what I got my teeth away someone called my fist and make me
she is symbolic of everything that's wrong in the universe and I'll tell you another person
I will balance it out one in a female or one male he was here if he may still be here in Canada
last couple of days Arnold what did I tell you Arnold was elected governor California who couldn't
even pronounce it that was the end of America as you knew it that was it finito 867 on the pool
today did we get into the pool no everybody's got an opinion no maybe Eric ought to change of course
that would open it up for that a lot more shows on there we ought to change the pool question
rather than taking some of those off and and listen Colombo so he was a detective all right all right
the thing is about private eye how can your eye be more private than when you got it in your
pocket your trench coat right as a mind of its own and it's that's right drifting around you always
kept that eye in a tank who else sandy davis had a glass eye right right sandy Duncan
what she did she might still sandy Duncan has a glass eye yes well that's interesting
well I don't get about it what you got a bit about it you think you still do sandy
Duncan's glass eye yeah sandy Duncan wow I find a cut up with him just as fast as you are
that's from an old bit remember an old rock comedy bit is it really yeah which we why don't
still find it yeah I'm a funny ish well back in the day we could play some funnier stuff not
anymore not anymore right I think that's isn't mo that's correct
like before and that's because we keep getting joy well that's the way it goes all your people
that are going to get you know don't let it destroy your life that's my suggestion to you okay some
of these people have me really depressed about it there for a couple days you know and and then
snap myself back to reality and think hey those paychecks are still showing up on time big big fat
ones even George likes a big fat one every now and then sure and so screw it you know all right what's
your favorite TV now we're going to change this because Eric will do it if you tell him to because he
you know he's a scared on what he's scared of but well he's making all the big bucks from this
from this website it's a labor of love we love Eric don't don't let George you know P in your
parade right me don't let George Cordis rip you an ass just because he's jealous because he
thinks he's a computer race I've seen that QA and website and believe you me oh and you know
this they still Chris won't take a pull on there with the without you know percentages and we'll
give the number of votes because we know how many votes that we get max what's your favorite TV
privatized series from the past we need to put private eye or cop show cop series from the past
then we can add on there like the rookies um Adam 12 one Adam 12 one Adam 12 that was you know
the rookies was an interesting show Michael Ankeen was in the rookies who was also in that movie
with Kate Jackson making love it was a gay movie and it was done very well as a matter of fact it
wasn't like some piece of crap like that cowboy rape movie god private eye or cop series from
the past private eye or cop series from the past is anything wrong with that no just making sure
before I hit uh oh you you can change it Eric gave us the power oh hallelujah Eric is
demand baby wow he maybe he didn't trust Cordis but maybe that's why he would never do it with
him he gave Chris the power private eye or cop series if I refer to this guy to come up changed
and then all these nitpicking facts is they can wipe their ass with him oh I didn't say that
all right there it is nice going Chris wow 881 so now you can add Adam 12
the rookies I mean not not like they were the and of course uh night rider your post-person
friend yeah and uh it wants us to put night rider and I wasn't that David Hassels off wasn't
that the one with the stupid car yeah oh god put it on there anyway even though David Hassels
off wasn't it I just I don't get him I just don't understand it and the fact that he's German
and the crowds love me everything else what is that is that the theme follow no it's even better
jump in oh it's David Hasselaw
I don't want to say you're wrong really is that him that's it
jump in my car yeah jump off a bridge you jackass god he's is he telling it or what
does he look good is he entertaining he's crap
in fact he was the you're after wonder about him he was like the old legend believe me I know
about being a little like he was like the old legend gay watch you know all the other hot young
bodies running around mostly naked thank god and he's in there like in the power with the uh yeah
with the binoculars kind of like Gianni Versace should I tell that story again
that those were just rumors that Gianni Versace used to sit up on top of the mansion there
why not it is binoculars looking sure that's how feats need to see some young guys you know
and they're riding suits and their speedos down there on a beach and he would say it was
assistance I want that one and that one and they would get on there also wouldn't
be you if I had that kind of money and a power you bet if I had the power great
and nice talk about that I don't even know what their life is don't don't know what
there's that David Hasselaw again yeah but this is the Baywatch team that you're talking about
oh well that's not him uh it doesn't seem but I don't think it is either get out of here that's
somebody you can sing that's definitely not they have no that's what it said when I down
notice I mean that's with a pincher man when I bought it and rented from the scene that I bought
that's what it said he's singing in a somewhat higher register but anyway so here's the ideal we
just added uh what are some other cop shows you want me to name some off law or feel a manics
manics oh no yeah whatever oh let me read what we got here I haven't I still haven't done the pool
your favorite TV private I or well I'm so excited because we've changed it on there to pacify
everybody and listen Charlie beat don't feel bad it was a good pull I screwed it up so you know
now we're gonna please everybody the rockford files one eight nine I love the theme I hate the show
that was Jim don't tell me James uh right uh gardener yes John nance garden thanks garden
and I know he wasn't attractive but he was funny and the show is funny which is the only reason that I
like I wouldn't say wasn't attractive he didn't do anything for me it was too old it had been
a giant go ahead there he was a good looking guy James Garner was ugly now I think he's got you then too
mr head of roll who are you to be deciding James who's no I would trade looks with him back in the day
you know I mean yeah well I would like him and money you know well good theme song horrible show
rockford files money now who is the chick on it with him I don't know the show is just fine good
car chases good comedy night and never once I know I like the theme double
columball 142 see they were given all all over me about well that's not a private eye show he was
a private dick he was at whatever he was well guess what he had the night of the sky columball he's
great 142 he was funny at least anyway right he was funny yes well co-ject telly syvallis was busy
sucking on a laly pop columball he was a getting his man like Barnaby Jones barnacles Jones
Magnum PU was a third 122 with Tom Saw a k Tommy you're fairy who's gonna be holding another press
conference annune to announce that he is not gay moonlighting 74 co-jac 49 I ended that on there
and I'm so proud of myself because now it belongs Charlie's angels 40 streets of Than
Francisco 37 the equalizer 26 murder she wrote 25 it's murder alright angel a landsbury she just
turned 150 she's still a dead or what I don't know don't know no care Remington steel 21
bannichek 21 Spencer for higher to wash your car 20 read a book read a book boy heart to heart 18
read a mother f in book right manic 17 cannon that's my vote because I like the fat guys he was
great William Conrad 17 he used to waddle around and always caught his man when you can only
waddle and you still catch the bad guys you're one hell of a one hell of a guy 77 cents that's
strip 16 baracles Jones 14 Simon and Simon 12 Vegas 6 Harry 05 mad Houston 3 and then a whole
bunch of night writer don't have any these and the workies these just went on none Adam 12 none
in surcyte 6 none out of 893 they'll they'll get their man you'll see Barnaby Jones gets his man
he's another one old funny that he was about a hundred years old but boy he always caught the bad
guys Jeb a dyer and what kind of a name besides a band when it's Jeb a dyer ask your outgoing
fan ask governor about that Jeb a dyer my ass do you ever know anybody named Jeb a dyer is that
is that word I mean Jeb obviously would be sure for that but as everybody like your former
friend ask governor was that his real name Jeb a dyer just yeah I couldn't tell you the gemster
well we better we better do the homework on that
those back and more popular than ever got it you can take that to the bank man it's a classic
tale a good cop bad cop and you and me we're gonna dance brother only this time it's the same cop
hey rooster what's the word on the street bud well everybody saying you did it Tony oh is that
right well let me tell you something brother you got to pay to fair if you want to take the right
no what the hell's that suppose a man tell you what it means man it means I hired a real
expensive mouthpiece type lawyer was gonna get me off the hook man but reddah back on TV all day
every day on every cable news channel dead dead man you got that and it don't come back again
yeah seven every fifteen man on MSNBC can it rooster so to watch for reddah 24 hours a day keep
your TV on and keep your eye on the sparrow and that's the name of that tune my friend
you killed shut up brain on the heat I'll whack you too rooster's in sparrow so I thought it was
a cockatoo it's a ten forty five at five sixty wd qm happy Thursday to the last day
eltrante one old day a mile see well last day man and started starting tomorrow
junio de junio man it is gonna be great oh yeah here's the fact to show you what we have to
continue with the in south Florida not let me say it again to show what you have to continue
in south Florida better you than me uncle niel since everyone is nitpicking about the pool please
note that columball was spelled incorrectly thanks pali well I have one thing to say to you whoever
took the time to be a smart ass and thanks that crap in let me let me take columball yeah it's spelled
with an oh and that's probably my doing because I'm the one at the uh no actually I spelled it right
when I sent it there when I added on to Charlie bees and he spelled he spelled it wrong because he
also had a low jack instead of code jack and close to show you when your blood sugar gets up to
like seven hundred it does affect your mind so poor Eric cut him a little slack okay cut him a
little reberter flak god so now we got to add these here you ready Chris you ready okay now that we
are added cop show I mean what I mean private detective private the I and cop shows it's all
crime is the same thing crime crime grama solving crimes my enemy vice how could we forget that
honor easily it's already on there well it came into the break so we stuck it on there oh then okay
Hawaii 50 that that that that that that great theme even though you didn't like to show book
down there's another 80 year old cop jack lord a lot of rumors about it hey a Hawaii 50
Barney Miller bad show here we go great theme let's do the same thing with this comedy horrible
well I don't want to say horrible you never watched a minute of it I hated that show Barney Miller
yeah how can you not never watch me with me but go rest there was nobody cute on it he didn't watch
interesting fact I love that theme he does this great this person will get to the end you know
really dynamic just like this climate big drummy bridge right here better than the tremendous
climates anyways here crank it up a little bit
this is a radio version by the way what they had a single with it the ventures you know
they did yeah I know the ventures it was that the ventures well that was the thing that the show
was the ventures yeah why are you standing over at least I think you're looking for a different version
different virgin for you put your sense of comedy another capture I mean how many I mean
it's a comedy about cop but I wouldn't put it on I don't put it on it wasn't that formula
for red uh yeah for red uh definitely and in the heat of the night which I just put on
there reluctantly because poor archie man I wonder like I said no wonder he croaked poor Carol
O'Connor it was a great movie with Ron Stiger in the heat of the night yes it was city partier
yes it was they called me mr. Tibb slight vigil and I guarantee he ain't singing read a book read a
book I guarantee he wasn't singing what they call you back in knee y'all light the
the fact says I mean never get to the facts because you just uh full of music to the
the show at least the music the jib is for John Edward Bush says the facts but he's an a-hole by
any name well that's something um so his name is John Bush I don't know you're right he's an
a-hole by a fat ass a-hole on top of it you're formed the jemster what was up for you
I beg your follow uh in the heat of the night with Carol O'Connor how sad I didn't watch that either
see you're picking on me because they're shows I didn't watch I gave it a shot for like about the
you know one episode and that was it part of one of well it was a bad show you know just uh
poorly conceived it didn't need to be a series in the poor archie right archie you know
speaking of the archies how they doing sweet 922 votes on the pool see we added that
comp show thing now now you got a chance for some greatness again here they mr. Chris whatever your
name is you got a shot okay you don't think of course we always have a lot more choices yet on
there and you know something something you haven't thought about to show you how well we're doing
against five of us some of the rumors that some people are starting wow you know he's recycling old
bits and he's uh yeah I got your old bit right over here I noticed he didn't make best soft
load of radio personnel down a-m or FM or PM or VM Sid the Yidd I noticed he didn't make it with
his big fat New York I'm not just mouth the 18 and McGiver Brandon just pumping these out here
right I can actually Google cop show isn't probably gonna a thousand of you know now 18 was brought
up to me and I said that was nearly a cop show yeah was mr. T baby that was mr. T they weren't
cop they're more of like almost like kind of vigilantes in a way yeah okay I'm always the other one
McGiver he wasn't a private guy secret agent or something who was McGiver yeah well
what about the Phoenix how about Patrick McGuin that wasn't either that wasn't a guy I gotta
watch the rest of those by the way the George sent me a hundred years ago and I love that here's
the fact that says oh NYPD blue that's not chop liver man we'll stick it up okay in fact I got
that one bit in my feed I'm sure I can't play it anymore though let me let me let me see yeah
what we can't play that well I don't know and it's just sad that we have to go through this every
time it's more than two years old what do you mean by that if it's more than two years old you probably
can't play oh that's true I never forgot about that it BS before or B.J. oh and as he more
is before Joyce that's what B.J. means before Joyce I see anyway it says not only my favorite cop
P.I. show of all time but my favorite TV show of Annie genre hill street blues I hated that show
oh god was that a cop show I never watched it was like a cop drama I never watched it either
a cop drama drama yeah so NYPD blue and hill street blues a lot of blues baby we got the
blues Q.A.M. over again I think we're doing okay it's like the shield somebody's gonna mention the
shield and that doesn't really fit either the shield to cop soap opera it's great by the way best show on
TV the set of Rome really really even better than the one of those two brothers that I can't
never think of the name of that show Dean and oh yeah super natural yeah it's a different thing one
is one that's not a cop show or no no no that's the same bed that was Josh I used to get upset
about that I might need to mention that next week when Josh is in for George Chris the super
natural he gets really upset that those guys used to sleep in the same hotel room and their beds
were too close together for his comfort they were brothers for quite a lot they weren't doing
nothing that we know of and if they were I sure would like to have seen that 927 votes on a pool
so we got a thousand made easy in the shade and as we keep adding 50 60 thousand more names on
a pool of shows it ought to be easy let's see Canon my already read these things says you wouldn't
believe the Parker stuff going on down here right now says this facts the clicker ticket campaign
I know a cop who says there are secret bonuses for each shifts officer who writes the most
seatbelt tickets through midnight tonight they were out in droves last night on my way home from
work I saw nice weather is no god this is not an exaggeration 14 traffic pullovers they were
picking people off like flies and then it says how about that Paul St. Gole the way he used
the senator as a screen he shot her right to that number seven what else is named for Ottawa
can't think of his name right to his legs into the net but I bang with only a couple minutes left
in the game in the uh ducks one again by the way they're not the mighty ducks anywhere any more
coley I just thought I mentioned it does somebody pass it along to old man cool okay on the way to Ottawa
they're not the mighty ducks no more although they look pretty mighty so far they got two zip lead in the
uh Stanley Cup finals how the panthers doing in the in the playoffs undefeated baby they haven't
lost the game just like my Toronto make believes they haven't lost the game don't start that hockey
crap now just because it's Stanley Cup time or they'll put the come on I see they finally got him
off there so we can put that you in baseball on tomorrow not exactly you in baseball uh you
am in Louisville the uh Columbia Regional two o'clock till 5 30 tomorrow oh my god right in the middle
of the afternoon you wonder why our numbers are dropping like a rocket no I don't want to be per
yeah we we know we know why they're dropping and of course we don't care because they probably
have a lot of spots on the ballgame give me the ball give me the ball you know like those you
and basketball games we had disrupting us and those Marlon games oh boy does that do something
for our numbers or what it does something for them ask the tidal man he'll tell you where it puts
him right down there with him in the turlid in fact how's Ethan Skolik doing speaking of turlid
I didn't hear one word this morning about his sticky bn's and about that lilac fresh
near and stuff boy they're making some real progress on our morning show Lake Okeechobee slips
directly low level today that's not good so it's gonna rain over the weekend let's just hope like
I said the lord aims that rain in the right direction dammit he is so bad on he is aim is always off
he gets pissed off a lot of bunch of people then he liked to blow his New Orleans off the map you
know he didn't give a crap about them although he probably didn't like all the booze and shmuzan
and cruisin going on there I'll guarantee you that because the lord the he'll he'll he'll
keep a cotton of stuff like that Lake Okeechobee dipped to its all time low today worsening the
historic strain on some floaters water supply after matching the previous low water mark yesterday
the lake today measured 8.94 feet above sea level the previous low was 8.97 feet set during the drought
of May 2001 the lake's drought is expected to continue until daily shower during the summer rainy
season start bringing drought relief maybe this weekend we can only pray get on your knees and pray
pray to God make it rain like a son of a bitch let's have another flood you crazy vast dardo
gosh there you go the 730 square mile lake the second largest in the country of south floaters
from we know that there is no joy over this record breaking event Carol and wheel executive
director of the south floater water management district said the statement released today as these
extreme weather conditions continue extreme weather conditions that almost sounds like some kind
of a global warming thing another completely by all you liberals and we know damn well that the
neocons have told us there ain't no such thing we are focused on the challenges ahead the best
protect drinking water supplies meet agricultural needs and safeguard and natural resources she
be saying the district said rainfall directly over the lake has been low enough to qualify this
drought as a one and a hundred year event one in a hundred freaking years how do you like that
just 40 inches of rain have fallen on the region in the past 18 months about half the average amount
the dry conditions of exposed vegetation and normally sits on the lake bottom a 23 square
mile fire started Monday in the dryout vegetation in the lakes north west of rim the fire was 75%
contained today in a voluntary evacuation from mobile home park was called off oh damn it
those poor bastards had a chance to get out of their trailer parks the drought is for
stringent water restrictions on homes and businesses in 13 counties and four coastal wells were
close to prevent saltwater contamination the lord is pissed off and floored and who can blame this
is the neil Roger show what solids you blame
what what what what what what what what any question
good day child's milk and riley we rested your head on your favorite bill
those that you use to fight to help enjoy your underground view you fair you'll need a
fair of concrete chills now maybe better a ground to keep you from flowing
dumb all of what so young that when she paid a visit to your grave instead of flower she placed it to pay
that purple one yourself huh up you would think in your day when you couldn't say that you wish
you
a
insanity
rights
and her husband Jack would like to say
He's still live Jack's life when I believe is he not as far as I know I don't know wow smoke him if you got him Jack
1102 at 560 WDQ and that was bad. Here's a morphoria chris 21 jump street. I don't tell me that wasn't a cop show
I won't tell you anything about it. Why you never watched it? Nope with Johnny Deft. Nope
Oh my god, he was on that show
I should have jumped him 21 times. I'm not really good. Hey Johnny
Anybody 21 jump street that's a long time ago. I think that was the beginning of his thing, you know
Johnny Deft the commission
Did you watch them? No me neither. How about you, Krista?
commission
Oh, I'm not the vice maybe
band
New York undercover I never heard of that show and why you?
New York undercover was there such a show or is that just yeah, yeah, there was here's a horrible story
By the way, there's this really frost my fan ass
In fact, you know what you can do right now play that thing read a book. I just played a little bit of you got it
If you got that thing, I don't know
Okay, it's now
Dave copper rested in death of keen-eyed partner this this just I'm sorry
Duke the police dog out of a lethally timed heart disrupting kick
Delivered by his handler Miami sergeant day Miami-Dade sergeant Oshaddo on their promise
I would never do that a date County sergeant Ellen Cockfield police said yesterday
The long time cop was arrested yesterday and nearly a year after Duke collapsed during an outdoor training exercise
Cockfield is charged with animal cruelty and killing a police dog a third to be felony
It means he'll not be relieved of duty without pay the rest of a police trainer for killing his partner is rare
This is the first time I've ever heard of anything like that Rob Hickman by his president the North American Police work dog association
Seviestoday
Cockfield posted six thousand dollars bomb last night his defense attorney Douglas Hartman called it a called the arrest a
Travesty of justice on stunned Hartman said the charges. I've never seen a case like this. He's one of the best dog handlers in the department
That must be why the dog is dead right the four-year-old German Shepherd Collapse doing seven-thirty
An obedience control exercise of the training bureau in West. Dave Duke was participating with ten other officers and their dogs
No biting or technical was involved
The police said
Chargers that he killed his partner to kick him in the side and the dog died
Sergeant Cockfield
Sounds like some kind of a cock-a-mame thing to me, but then again, you know we all guide us those justice right?
We have like a given a third trial and then throws ants in there for about 25 years and then kick him in the side a few times real hard to if he's guilty
wouldn't you say twice
People that abuse animals man just to me that is it and again, it's a leg right to legs during the training exercise
Maybe I was part of the exercise to see you know how hard we kicked the dog could take before he collapsed and died. Yeah, cute
Very sick very very sick
946 votes on the pool you're gonna approach a thousand
I think sometime this hour Mr. Chris and then you're on your own. I can't I can't tell you and you want to know why?
Yeah, no 1300 today. I don't think no no way Jose because I think the kids are out of school
Or getting pretty damn close to it right they doubt yesterday a power today. Yeah, see there you go
So so everybody's taken off we're operating with a scouting audience not because we're not still dangerous
We're still dangerous believe me in fact if you play that read a book and now you don't have to do that
I'll show you just how dangerous we can be on this show
Just a little just a little dangerous. I can't play anymore. Yeah, I know that
Do what do play the whole line?
Play the whole line by the whole fine. Oh the whole fine. Oh, the whole fine. Oh,
This is this was never won with 16 boys
We
Cause yeah, Christ something while there's something else that goes after that
But like I said, I'm not gonna be old and foolish one thing to be young and foolish is nothing to be old and foolish
That's really stupid. We'll bring it up on the baking show. We're gonna do tomorrow
The baking show sure what does that mean? Oh, you got a lot of ingredients when you go bake and bread
What are you talking about east?
Okay
950 on the pool. Let's take a look and see how it's going
We got a whole bunch of them that have no hosts 21 jump street heat of the night
Barretta night rider nightrider the rookies
Surfside six they've all gotten you put them together and they still got oh right if you add them all together
It's kind of like the numbers across the street before we hand it in the audience
Remember those days
It's just inter make fun of them. I don't think they got a point any hour in this line's book
I could be wrong about that. I know we did from love at the midnight
It's pretty it's almost impossible to believe that any radio station
It's got any audience over a period of years could have a point. Oh, yeah 11 o'clock at night some people are still awake
not our crowd
Because we already had put him in a coma with the a Panther game
You love the pan there is yeah
What's your favorite TV private eye or cop series from the past and see after you change that looks like it was always like that
I just love the way that works
Just a beautiful thing the power the miracle of the internet's
Rocker files 199
Colombo. Oh, he changes spelling on that. Thank you Eric Eric is a busy guy today, man
Work off a couple ounces sweetheart Colombo 147 Magnum P.U. 135 with Tom Seleck and that real Queenie
Well, Higgins was nothing guys name that was isn't it? Oh wow what a screamer moonlighting 77
Code Jack 52 he was stuck on Lollipops. He's dead too now right tell me some Alice. Oh, yeah
Long time I guess yep not even warm anymore. Nope Charlie's Angels 41 streets of San Francisco 39
What about him Michael Douglas and Carl Maldon run at Carl Maldon is still alive isn't even that big shot eyes?
Farza no you better Google him. I'm not really sure
He was also an all fall down with Brandon the will and what's his name more in baby
Brandon the will of when he was still alive and boy he sure looked good in that movie. Let me tell you right now man
Oh man did he streets of San Francisco 40 the equalizer 28 murder. She wrote 25 that show is murder
Wow anybody who'd watch that has to be like like an old school Marm would watch that you know
I mean like an old dyke who else would watch this show murder she wrote. I don't know old dikes like he said
Let me think steal 23 ban a check 23 Spencer for higher 20 70 did you a Google Carl Maldon? Yeah, I think he's still alive
There's no death data all right
77 Sunset strip 19 Mickey spillings my camera 18. Why do we have to say Mickey spillings?
Because that's what they named it. I hate it when people do that and someone so is the something
That's what they named
Nothing so pay the way you said that. Sorry. I didn't oh God heart to heart 18 man of 17 cannon has only got 17 with the great William
Conrad you people need some serious attitude adjustments man cannon was great
Barnaby Jones 14
Now and he must be dead isn't he who now played it that Barnaby Jones? But he upset and I think he's still alive
He's still alive. He couldn't be a day of 130
God check what an old cout Simon Simon 13
I love that team let it go does love that the ending. I think I need to get up and dance to it spectacular climax
Why 506 might be by six Vegas six carry oh five that's Harry oh
They might be the blue for
Mad Houston tree here comes the gigantic club get ready everybody strap yourselves in
One more first. Oh, there's a little take a learn no
Anyway, Adam 12 to Hill Street blues one and like I said no books for all the rest of those one
How can 21 jump street have no votes just for the Johnny oh he's dead by himself who is buddy up?
See oh good
Here comes that big ending now like I said stack your seat back
Boy
Great theme song horrible show, you know no matter how many times we do that
It's always the same verdict at least by me. Maybe you liked it jibba dot
What party Jones
Barnaby Jones and who played the secretary what that was her name? Oh, yeah, you do she was
Never watched Barnaby Jones or can it any of those us
They're Google Barnaby Jones and see what her name was because once you once you see who was in it
They'll say oh, yeah, I remember her she was great. No, she was never watched an episode of it Barnaby Jones Google it right now mister
Don't be giving me no lip
Don't be giving me no thick lip
Just go we to believe Mary whether yes, I remember well. She was Miss America for crying out loud
You see I know my high chick one of the cat women in Batman. There you go. Lee Mary whether I told you to be impressed
And you will listen to me for crying out loud, you know how so we're listening what you know a cop show room go ahead your favorite one
Erica strata. Oh
Chump chips
Chunks that's what I used to blow
Chunks
Erica strata the rumors used to do more than that but anyway
Hey Eric you found a lot of rumors about that girl
He was doing those in fact that company that he was endorsing that the crack diet pill or whatever was was out of Miami
I remember I was in Europe and I saw this in commercial was really late at night and I watched it only because it was in English
You know, I'm saying not not that many especially in Germany or where I was in Berlin one of those perverted places and
There's Erica strata on their pedaling and scrapping in like a couple of months later the story came down
Of those people all went to jail for fraud and it was a phony baloney now all these people one day
They weighed like 400 pounds and like a week later they weighed like 150, you know
Cuz Erica strata was peddling some crap
Who's the it was the
Dodger guy he was also peddling garbage who would which Dodger wasn't the idea I'm asking
Griffith Los Angeles Dodgers something you wouldn't know anything about Steve Garvey
Oh, okay, then he also get into a big jackpot for a pushing a crack pot bunch of diet cramp
I have no idea. Let's push some crack pot diet crap man and by the way, how's Jenny doing? Have you called Jenny yet?
No, you can look just like that bitch. Wow, and it is is it Karen Valentine? It's I'm with her
Valerie Bertnelli Valerie Bertnelli I get all those
70s kind of people all mixed up 70s 80s foundry Bertnelli and what was she in?
One day to time. Oh, like I said a good reason to hate her right?
Just had medi, five two go
You know
Down
a
Eli
I like to get my dessert
Doing dead and crank cause you're big and round
I like to get shit of myself
Plenty of liquor plums
You're still preying your late Ryan shirt
And you're damn sexy in your triple ex
Big hoop shirts
Boys, you're actually not a look-scare
It's a plumb, silly, and sexy isn't it?
I'll see what's the deal it's ever been to
Show, go, cuz they go
That it's you, that it's not eating
All that wrong could keep going
No, cuz they go, could keep going
That you thinkin' giant angels out through the snow
No, cuz they go, could keep going
No, cuz they go, could keep going
Girl, we're in full here we don't care how much you roll
No, cuz they go
You can't fit your big asses in your triple
You're still pretty girl and you got that all over sex
Oh yeah, she's sexy man, sexy is a redwood tree
It's 1119 at 560 WQM and here's some good news at Bad News
Right?
The good news is the 649 Lotto last night to Jackpot was 30 million bucks
And there was one winner, you know what the bad news is?
It wasn't you?
And you know how long? See, I forgot all about it, all abuded
And so just now during that break
I went and I grabbed my tickets
And I went online, I got the winning numbers from last night, 316, 20, 27, 34, 35
And here's one line
And you can tell whether you won the jackpot or not just by going down
I mean I don't know what else I may have on here
But just looking at the first number the last number real quick, you know what I'm sayin'?
Cuz if you don't have that then you don't have all of them
Well here's one, 35 is the last number, that's right
34 is the number before that, 33, oh it's supposed to be 27
16, that's there, so I got three, how much that's worth?
No, how much? Nothing bucks, oh
Well it's not 30 million
Listen, if I won 30 million dollars I'd be too dangerous wouldn't I?
No, I don't know, I think it'd be great
And let me tell you what else would happen
Yeah, you think it would be great cuz you think I'd be down there in a heartbeat handed out money, wouldn't you?
Yes, and I would
McCloud somebody says wasn't it Dennis Weaver?
Yes it was, we stuck on it
Which is a horrible show but he was great in the duel
Wasn't that if he was? Yes he was
Yes it was
Yes it was
It's like we're living in the past on this show, that's cuz you're old fat, so you're old
Well guess what, still legendary
That's what the readers of the new times in Broward and Palm Beach said
Wow, and that a real feather in my crap?
Yeah, okay, take it to the bank
Yeah, yeah that in 40 cents a buy like a
Half a tootsie roll
990 on the polls begin a tootsie roll
Let's see if we get to a thousand before the bottom of the yard
I'm sure we can do that 993
And then what? I think you're wrong about the 13
I think if you see if you're so negative Chris you gotta continue that positive attitude
Be more like me, be positive
Don't put that
But it's our push, I'm probably gonna get 1200
But you're hoping for 13
Wouldn't that be three days in the world we did 13?
Of course I wasn't here Monday anyway, so you know I mean George had 321 on Monday
Yeah, the red just missing one right in front of the three
But there was a holiday there was nobody around on Monday
And he started to pull 930 because I didn't and that's my bad
I really do apologize for that kind of forgot it being a holiday and all
I forgot about putting a pull on there for you for Monday but why should I do that exactly
Which reminds me which reminds me we might as well do this on the year
Because you're just forget to do the important stuff beforehand
Should you give my talent thing by the way to the appropriate parties?
Yes I did, thank you very much
See George you reminded me about that
I think you worth a little more in my will maybe like 200,000 and $1
And 50 cents
No but what was I just asking before that?
About the polls
And all about the stories there's some oh yeah yeah
Yeah because I'm sure it's not gonna do it
Well Charlie Beel helped you out with all your polls there's some right
Am I right? I hope so
I think we already got a pile big enough to curious right to October
But as far as those bedtime stories am I gonna be doing that also every day?
I know I said I would
But up to you man whatever if you want me to do it every other day I'll do it every other day
Whatever you do whatever you do whatever you do whatever you do whatever you do whatever you do
Whatever you do the day you got it
I mean it's not a big chore and then take all that much of my time
But it's just I don't know
Brutal I hate it it's agonizing
You do? Yeah
Why?
They're all there depressing and I gots to read
They're depressing just because they tell what's going on and I'm ready
Which is all well here's what depressing news then
And by the way something you know how much I hate it
I hate it
And we all out there
Yeah but that's all right I'll do it I don't care
If you want me to do it every day I'll do it
Yeah let's argue about this on here
I'll probably should quit being such a Yentra that's what I was talking about
Yeah I will
Don't be an inter on here let's discuss this
Eventually what
I'll think about stopping being a Yentra eventually
997 oh and next to that before we even go into the break ran up a thousand votes
I'm Tonya Chris you're going to be surprised today
And you've had this power this week
I don't know what it is if you had the audience miss and rise
Oh
Probably got Eric fixing the number you know
Who?
With the 2007 Atlanta Couracane season a few hours away
Research you over it's right it starts tomorrow
Oh I thought it was going to be good old Uno de Hunio
Research your William Gray released his newest forecast today still showing an expectation for 17 names storms
And nine Hurricanes five of them intense let me say it again
Yeah I Hurricanes five of them intense
Wow sure hope the engines are in them tense
Gray based at Colorado State University described it as a very active season he said there was a 74% chance of a major hurricane
Making landfall somewhere on the US coast and you should know by the way did not do wood by Wednesday
I did not go I didn't have any wood by and withdrawal I wasn't I didn't I miss it no
I'm not going to go back anytime soon I'm not going to say never I won't say I'll never go back
Maybe someday during the summer thing I'll be bored like you know the health
You know call my cab guy and say who the hell are you you know
But he's not too happy I'm sure that
Oh the only he'll take me for my airport runs now but that's pretty much it
And he's not probably too pleased about that and being the lesbian he's terrorists that he is he'll probably blow me up you know
He'll probably make me into an unwitting suicide building
There's a 50% chance of a major hurricane making landfall on the east coast including the Florida Florida Penicilla
According to the new forecast the long term average is 31%
50% chance of a major hurricane making landfall on the east coast including the Florida Penicilla
The chance of a major hurricane hitting the Gulf Coast between the Florida Panhandle and Brownsville, Texas is 49%
Oh I love when they have a stir with 80 million numbers in them the average long term average is 30%
But third man there's also an above average chance of a major hurricane making more landfall on the Caribbean
The forecast today was largely unchanged from Gray's last forecast released in early April
We expect an above average hurricane season said fill a class back a member of Gray's team and leader all through the forecast
Classback the Atlantic hurricane season was runs from June 1 to November 30
Not turn man!
The average is 9.6 names, storms 5.9 hurricanes and 2.3 intense hurricanes per year
There were 10 names that landed storms last year and 5 hurricanes, 2 of the major, another hurricane hit the West Atlantic Coast
Thanks God maybe the Lord isn't going to be quite so pissed off this year although the way Lake Okitobi is going you have to really wonder about it don't you?
Yeah well what do you want to do?
The Lord is not a happy camper these days man and that's probably why he took Jerry fall well
He was pretty p.o. about that crap that stinky winky garbage
The devastating 2005 season set a record with fallout we know that
We know that a lot of you four bastards are still trying to recover from that and just when you think you're out they put you back in
Just like the odd father just like poor Michael Croyoney
Thousand three votes on the pool and Chris man he's all puffed up like a like a cockatoo
Here's George Maize Lee CEO of Maize Lee Grade used cars
Sports format radio didn't seem to be working out so well so we thought we'd branch out into all the molded sales
Here is the abandoned farm store loot station
I thought y'all would come on down look at some of these fan b!
That are ready to roll out once you put some air in the tires like this here 97 Marquay
Once owned by radio celebrity Moe Howard David here just listen it is just to my board
This is where he puff has never been driven over 30 miles per hour and it's wide
Where'd you sign tithily prove and bottle lucky strike research came to be cooler
And that means you save on hot gas here's a 1999 Pontiac as deck
This one here was once owned by radio celebrity as well and he is their voice
The WQ and M
The Gills theme also with a customized horn
Wattland popular for its time this versatile little beauty folds into a jockstrap
Yeah if you got bad credit no credit repossessions or foreclosures
Not a problem my friends because we do too
And as you can see by the black key we shoot fire shi! I'll use in my hair you know I'm honest to deal with
So come on down to amazingly great used cars my friends
And you'll receive your choice of a greasy bag of fried chicken gizzards or an official scratch-out
Bay Bay G. I. Scott voucher that could they worth up to $0.00
Or less
$0.132.560 WQ and Miller get we got Evan Coyne again today he must have done decent job yesterday
Because they invited him back in the day for Mad Dog who's he's laying out the rest of this week
You know enough with the work and I don't blame him
Squeeze whatever you can out of these grave robbers mad dog that's my suggestion to you
And everybody else including even a stumper that's right squeeze and good humburt
That was funny
Rack Prime Minister Al Maliki told Laura Logan of CBS even he knew is an exclusive interview last night
That he's got a real fear of a coup by the Iraqi army
Al Maliki said that some of the officer Corb been creating problems even violating the security of military operations
He stated I'm not afraid but I have to watch the army because those still loyal to the previous regime
May start planning coups you know the previous regime as in Sodom
Almost they've got him Sodom got him
Those people don't believe in democracy and for that reason we are monitoring the status of the army
Very closely he'd be saying Al Maliki also insisted that his government's not ordered around by the Americans saying
The Americans don't order us to do this or not to do that
On the contrary we're the ones who tell them do this and don't do that
But well that's great
Yeah
Do this and don't do that and do over here and over there like Moe you know get over here and over there
Like with your buddy poor Joe how's Joe Castello doing?
Haven't spoken to him in a while
Well too bad we're not taking calls maybe he'd call in but we're not
We'll take him again someday or or maybe not
What do you think?
Someday
Someday
In fact once in a while I'll read into my space and somebody will say oh gee I wish you were taking calls because I want to call in and tell you
And then something really boring you know
Like we could live without that
I think we're doing just fine
I mean I could be wrong about that we'll find out next Thursday and you'll be on vacation
I guess you'll probably be calling in right on the hotline
And the bat line to find out of course we won't be taking any calls so we won't talk to you
But you know if you would tell us ahead of time we still wouldn't I still wouldn't turn them on to them
That's right
I don't want to see because I don't like to see the lines flashing because then you know me I'm so
Yeah this is susceptible to you know suggestions
Power suggestion that's right like when you say go out and get a big tub of ice cream
Don't do it
I'm not going to do it
I'm absolutely not going to do it I'm going to continue on doing this somewhere maybe not here
Maybe not for these ravers I'm going to continue this until I'm at least 85
That's another 21 years
Think can you imagine anything wrong with that?
No not at all
1021 on the pool I'm telling you Chris you're I saw yourself a little short today
Just like nature did to me you're selling yourself a little bit short
21 jump street finally got a vote
I can go down the whole list it's a long list now thanks to the fact that you're talking to put that cop thing on there
Why I don't see anything wrong with that private eye or cops whatever private eye is like to I don't know to private
It was all the same formula anyway it didn't matter
Well now you're just saying that cavalierly because you didn't like those shows I didn't because they were all the same
If they didn't you give it me crap because I don't like why are there so many why are there so many Miller you give me crap about that
Why there's so many because that was a comedy it's completely different because Abe Vagoda was in it
I don't think we have any clip from Abe Vagoda we got cheaty
We got to yeah a lot of
Yeah a lot of welcome we don't have can you get me off the hook time for all time say we need that
Do even study won't be able to call up look a browser?
Yeah
Well
Let me worry about Luca. Yeah, let me worry about look on the meantime. He's already dead
Yeah, well, what's the clip I'm looking for desperately could that we just put in there? I can't figure it out. Oh Frankie Pintan. Oh
Michael
And I said
So I said yeah sure
He is so good. You know, I'm gonna have to watch the whole 80 hours of that this way. No, I can't do it this maybe next weekend
One of these weekends when I'm really desperate
When I'm like I'm a virgin calling my cab guy and say well, let's go out to wood by today and see if I can lose three four grand
You know something like that. I'm not gonna do that
I just am not gonna do that because I don't care what anybody tells you all these different people who claim to be experts and all this other crap
I'm gonna tell you it's one of those things if they tell you that you they'd have to kill you
Right the secrets to the slots because those things are program
Anything that's got a computer program on it you can manipulate it am I right? Oh, yeah, yeah sure
So the fact that they run what I call the death program
Yeah, I'm a program all the machines on a you know on a progressive
Carousel or that are all time together
They're dull dead sure all dead for hours and hours and you might as well be taking a money and burning it
You might as well be farting into a gigantic wind storm. Whatever it is. They're doing you know that the law of averages is against you
They wouldn't be open if they weren't making money there
Let me say that's the law of averages and it was truly random. Oh, I mean, I don't want it
It's boring. I don't want to go through a whole song to dance about it
But it was truly random you wouldn't get anywhere near so many near misses the program never about that
They're programmed for the so-called near miss cuz it's part of the psychology. Yeah, so you'll get like you know
Seven seven and then they upper right or in the bottom. That's right under the line you'll get five times or wheel of fortune
So oh, I almost got this almost got that almost doesn't mean anything they might as well. I'll be blank
They might as well all be blank
You understand what I'm I yeah the symbols are just for entertainment purposes
That's right real a fortune in a spin. I watch these people man
And I just pissed haven't played that crap for a reason I'm talking about other people being stupid
I mean I'm a moron
But I watched the way these people react and I've told you that before they're gonna hit like a thousand on the wheel
You can hear the audio you know whether it's gonna go by to the 25 and really piss you off or it's gonna stop on the 40 before it gets to a thousand
You know ahead of time what it's gonna do because as soon as the spin comes up on the on the machine
It's already the computer decided what it's gonna pay you the rest is just a dog and pony show for entertainment
To make you think oh this is really exciting come on thousand thousand come on white one white one thousand. Yeah, white one my ass
White one these people I
Think that would be worth while just going out there and watching these people in life and I'm sorry you lost a
1028 votes on the pool. Let's give a little rub down. What's your favorite?
What do we need to get by noon to get to 13 today? I?
Think we're gonna do it. I think you're gonna be shocked mr. I have no confidence no more
And let me ask you this did anybody come in there and say hey be sure and talk to Neo congratulations on that new times thing again
Oh, yeah, of course not for being chosen by the readers is the best AM radio personnel look at all the stiff competition
I had to be up against for crying out loud. There's a cake balloons and a big bouquet of fun. Yeah, but there is okay brought them all in yeah
Yeah, oh, and if there was a cake he'd already eaten it believe me just like I'm Delaware trying to
I
Love that scene man what a Chinese food he brings in the almost empty bags with the bones in them
What's your favorite TV private high or cop series from the past and when he's dipping the what he's taking the bread and
Dipping into the sauce with a little good idea there
Is that you go with say parmesan cheese?
Is he still on the air by the way mr. Rico does anybody know?
Does anybody care? It's a rhetorical question, right?
The rockford files to await Colombo 154 Magnum PU 141. That's a horrible show
Moonlighting 79 Kojak 57 Charlie's Angels 41 streets of Thane, Francisco 40
Murder she wrote 30. How many they got for Angela?
About 30 man 30 old coutse evidently the equalizer 29 Remington steel 24 Banitrix 24 Spencer for higher 21
He's gonna wash your car
My camera 19 Manics 19 77 Sunset strip 19 hard to hard 18 wasn't at the rubber Wagner?
Okay, yeah cannon 18. Oh, I got another vote sympathy vote
7 and 7 15 Barnaby Jones 15 Hawaii 5011. Well, I can't believe Hawaii five always doing better
Can you I don't know any of these results now?
You can't understand all the right file see, you know
You have little faith it was a funny show
If you'd have just gotten past that forehead
Miami vice 11 Hill Street blues six NYPD blues six Vegas six Harry O head five
Adam 12 three Matt Houston three chips two with an Erica Strata Queen night Ra Night Ritter two
Anybody that voted for David Hancell Huffle be deported and revealed be will go to take a shower real quick
21 jump street one the rookies one
With the Michael on keen and at the dark-complexed guy McLeod none in the heat of the night
Barrett and the surfside six all have none Barrett. I don't have any I can understand the heat of night heaven
I know it was a bad show Barrett has none. I think they've turned on poor Bobby
Rosie big God lesbian loud Rosie attacks innocent pure Christian Elizabeth
I
Right 14 to do it at 560 W. Firm so Jeffrey on my space says homicide life on the street
Never heard of it. Homicide homicide. Did you ever hear that? He said to me?
I guess I heard of it, but
Well, let's add it on there homicide life on the street
In fact on the street that's what most of us are gonna have if Joyce is still employed by the bees
These too much longer life on the street on the beach
And then like I said somebody of fact, and how can you forget the mod squad?
Huh, it's a huh while we put it on there didn't we didn't
Chris get on it right away. Yes
And your buddy the Z-man my close personal buddies is a tell Chris shoot for 1150 today. We got that lick man
He's selling us a little bit sure
I can't believe that somebody who's that much of a good guy in a real
Wild supporter of me in this show and even George even George and even Chris
It's selling us a little bit sure we already got 10 49. We'll have 1150 by oh, I don't know in three shakes of an acid
Horses ass 10 49
If we if we made it to 1300 day, I'm gonna tell you I've been saying this every day this week
But it's just that time of the way everybody bailes out
Anybody who's got a chance to get the hell out of that God forsaken place went in doubt they bail out am I right or am I wrong?
Oh, yeah, you're right. I got my thumb right on him man. I can smell it
Wow
disgusting
The Kentucky Supreme Court overturned the sex abuse conviction against a former priest today because his earlier sex crimes were wrong
We use his evidence not because he was innocent but because of the technicality
The court ordered a new trial for Daniel C. Clark. This is in Frankfurt, Kentucky
Oh, there's nothing like a good Frankfurt
They've been amazing how many different
Well, I think that whole thing about cities names
Don't you think that that's a
I just can't stand that these people who like Paul Castro know they have no material of their own
So they steal a name from some other country like how many and how many different cities have to have the same name
How many cities name Rochester this Rochester, New York where I was born and grew up through up and Rochester Arizona and Rochester
New Hampshire and Rochester
Michigan and Rochester Minnesota where the Mayo Clinic is right hold the Mayo Rochester from the Jack Benyshow right
Read a book
Read a mother scratching book
Now you're gonna have that whole thing ready for tomorrow. Yeah, it's ready now
So it is ready now. Yeah, well, let me finish this story and then oh this is gonna be a moment
To be captured in how have you been able to do that?
By the first break I was done. I was almost done when the show you never told me right
I think I'm I did I was done and then there was that little
And give me the good stuff. I fizzed it like a Sigourney weaver said give me the good stuff
The Kentucky Supreme Court overturned the sex area I read that the court ordered a new trial for Daniel
See Clark was serving a 10-year sentence after being convicted in 2003 of abusing two brothers over four years beginning when they were eight and nine years old
Nice
The courts five to two really also said the jury was not properly instructed before began deliberating the attorney who argued
Curf's appeal David lamberdis to climb comment. I wonder if he's kind of Bill lamberdis
Who used to be a big hot shot driver at Pompeo Park about a hundred years ago Bill lamberdis
I think they banned him for life
They were moving to immediate response from these survivors network of those abused by priest a 7,000 member group
Our heart'sake for those brave victims who did everything society as crime victims to do
Spokeswoman Barbara Dora said that came forward help law enforcement namus field as though all their strength risk an effort was wasted
Clark regularly visited the boys home and often took them to football practice and skating
Yeah, practice makes perfect baby. They were practicing a lot
The boys destifier Clark abused them and they're home and on those outings when Clark took the witness stand
He denied that he had molested the boys see I you know
Call me naive or whatever and I think I know my factory fairly well, you know
Yeah, you're the expert, but I just don't know but I don't understand this thing would like little kids
And whether it's boys. I mean I just don't what's the point
What is the point?
They're ill they're sick and they need to be killed
Because they're ill well, I'm not gonna argue with you on that
Or at least sent to Alcatraz Alcatraz
In 1988 Clark had pleaded guilty to Saudi and sexual abuse from molesting two boys
It's a read of Catholic church in Louisville where he was the assistant pastor
He served night days on a work release program in five years probation
The archdiocese removed him from public ministry then but he was allowed to volunteer and wear his priests collar
Uh-oh you better holler if you see a priest with a collar
I wouldn't give you a dollar
The Vatican moved Clark from the appreased in 2004 with a Vatican did it. There's the Holy Father
In the 2003 trial prosecutors lamented that the earlier sentence was insufficient. I don't do abuse more victims
I'm gonna tell you right now all you horny people out there you desperate people go find a Catholic
You want to find somebody horny as hell man go find a Catholic right or someone who was raised Catholic
And isn't well that's what I'm talking about
Someone who is raised in the in the midst of that lunacy somebody who was a dunked into water they'll they'll dunk it
Clark's lawyer argued that the trial judge had not a polite evidence about the 88 guilty play in the Supreme Court
Agreed in 2003. Oh boy here we go with more money now
I think how to lose the money of woodbind forget about that in 2003 the Louisville Archdiocese agreed to pay
$25.7 million to nearly 250 people who said they were abused Clark was accused in 19 of the lawsuits included in that settlement
25.7 million dollars and a little uh yeah Louisville isn't exactly a metropolis you know
Like a little poat on kind of a place
So they got the Kentucky dirty big stink and deal they probably got a few bars
Maybe even a gay bar for Christ's sake big big stink and deal right Louisville
Whatever I don't know all this money you people keep subsidizing it. Yeah, that's what I don't understand
I know it and that's one thing to be brainwashed
But it's nothing to have enough enough guts enough gumption to break yourself free to break the shackles
And the stock given a few shackles
A thousand and sixty three votes in that pool
Now we're gonna have I would say by 1215 we should have 1100
I'm telling you man 13's apostability okay
I'm gonna you gonna play are you gonna play that whole thing now
Whatever you want me to because I'm gonna strap myself in how long is this?
Uh, it'll be I'll just under three minutes and you're not gonna hit me with that uh that
That stunt bleep like you did before that we had a dump it. I auditioned it all over the break. Okay. Here we go
I
Madamkel suit
I'm not a ragged bean, I'm not a boop
I'm not a boop, I'm not a boop
Rea-boop, rea-boop, rea-moop
Rea-boop, rea-boop, rea-moop
Rea-boop, rea-boop, rea-moop
Rea-boop, rea-boop, rea-moop
Can I be boop?
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-K
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-K
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O
I-E-A-D-A-P-O
On the edge, racial kids, racial kids, racial kids
Wraps their kids!
Wraps your kidsads, racial kids, racial kids
Wraps your kids, racial kids, racial kids
Wraps your kids, racial kids, racial kids
Wraps their kids!
Fire these
Some triggers
j-dah, body knees!
War, some triggers
Inuit, body knees!
War, some triggers!
You got to say your body needs water
So drink that juice
Bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We explain it rare, bustum layer, bustum layer
We describe it.. we share it
We describe it
We define it
We describe it
We know it
We within our minds
We don't
Celstviel.

what a lot
joy laborer love
that was really even press on
think we have to put his hands
collaborate
should have seen
and j spirit
and jiving.
Oh, it was like watching a lava land.
We may have to play that at least four or five hundred times. See, it goes to show you.
Everybody's gonna all be pressed because we can't play certain things. You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to mention what they might be.
But...
What? I'm sorry.
That was a split.
Oh, it's a part-sauve. That's a two-way.
Oh, it's a different...
The rimshot.
Right off the rim.
That was a rumour shot is what that was, yeah.
I need a towel.
I do it really. It sounded like somebody else did there too.
A paper towel.
Oh.
Now, and I guess tomorrow morning before the show you're gonna have to feed that to the other guy.
Yes, I will. I'll spoon feed it to you.
Oh, brother. Get your spoon.
That thing is so... I'm telling you.
There are no words to describe what that does to me and for me.
In 1973, folks on the poll, we're gonna make 13 today. You'll see, Chris.
And then, then, of course, now we've got a shoot for tomorrow on the El Huno de Huno.
Well, I don't know.
Because I'm thinking that kids out of school and everything, people are bailing out like crazy.
It's a... Dan, there's summertime for Christ's sake, you know?
It's like 87 degrees here. They are something like that. 86.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
And then, hey.
Music
Joyce is out to get us.
What's your rate and destroy a show?
You're gonna hell new dad!
Joyce is a thing of turning.
You're gonna have been out, maybe you'll...
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Ladyfights
Joyce went to a Kekie Brostor.
Or the boss'd two-ha folk imbarate.
I'm sorry.
And man, we as drunk find the baby who lives.
That'll be a small, un-skimmery world.
Joyce won't let me go.
Joyce won't let me go.
Joyce won't let me go.
I don't wanna hear anymore, I just don't want to be anyone else.
But I got a lot to show.
I take up a little stuff and I'm a guest.
And if I'm here, I'll be sitting in the studio.
We should have a guest in business and let's have a keep pointing that out.
And if you want, I can't wait.
I don't wanna get a problem now.
Oh, can we know what's wrong?
You know we can't play the part.
I think what chicken echoes, we're gonna try to say.
I wanna say after you've played that beautifully edited version of that, whatever we call it.
What do we call it?
Read a book.
Read a book.
Be-oh-oh-kay.
After you've played that, I think everything else is like painting into Winston-Fan.
We're gonna hook it up in that.
It's hard.
I don't think you can.
It's an educational show.
All the teachers love it, that song.
Do they really?
Should be played at school.
Too bad school just got out.
Well, think about it for the first year.
Let's get some or some.
Yeah, it is.
10.93, which means seven more quick votes and we'll have 111.
Then Chris is gonna say, you know what?
I think you might be right.
Yeah, you might be right.
Yeah.
Because I think we're in much better and we're much better striking position right now than we were.
Was it on Tuesday that I thought you could never do that.
No way.
And you just shocked the living crap out of me.
You know, when you shocked me, that really takes a lot.
Because I've seen it all.
Yeah.
You'd be amazed.
My eyes have seen the coming of the Lord.
Are you shocked?
Are you shocked?
Pretty much.
Although of course, what happens on this station, man, is how you're shocking.
And like when the last book came out.
That was kind of a shocker.
Put on your blue blockers, all you alter-cockers, and get ready for a real shocker.
How do we just lose a vote?
I think we went from 10.96.
Well, what's going on there?
Can we at least get to 111, please, folks?
And then we can start worrying after that.
God, we have to do this every day and have like nervous breakdown time.
10.96, we lost one and we got it back.
You can't tell me Eric isn't Diddlin' with it up there in Orlando.
And the poll, too.
He's Diddlin' with it.
I'm telling you, he's got to be.
How do you get another vote and then it disappears and then it comes back again?
Maybe they changed their mind, is that it?
My collection day, you know, they changed their mind.
They thought they voted for Kerry.
They thought they voted for Gore.
But oh, no, they really voted for Bush.
That's right.
I forgot about that.
They punched the thing that said Kerry, but that was a little bit scary.
So no, we counted it for Bush.
Airby vote in the last election was another vote for Bush.
No matter who you really wanted, especially in Florida,
and now that we got that fag in there, I mean our gay governor, God only knows.
Let's speak into fakers.
On Tuesday, members of a 9-11 truth activist group confronted former Mayor Rudy Giuliani
at a New York fundraiser about the fall of the World Trade Center.
How come people in the building's weren't notified as one member of a group?
And how can you sleep at night?
Giuliani's politely phrased response cut by WNBC news cameras filming the event
was I didn't know that the towers were going to collapse.
The response contradicts remarks the former New York City mayor made about being warned about the collapse
during a phone interview with one time ABC partner, anchor Peter Jennings on September 11th,
and has shown in a transcript WNBC obtained from the Giuliani 2008 campaign.
Giuliani told Jennings, I went down to the scene and we set up headquarters at 75 Barclay Street,
which was right there with the police commissioner, the fire commissioner, the head of emergency management.
We were operating out of there when we were told that the World Trade Center was going to collapse.
And it did collapse before we could actually get out of the building,
so we were trapped in the building for 10-15 minutes, and finally found an exit and got out walked north
and took a lot of people with us.
But he didn't know it was going to collapse though, but it would be for the rest.
This is the only thing he's got to claim to fame is that he was a big hero on 9-11, which he was not yet.
And the lack of coordination between the fire and police departments in New York is the reason a lot of those people,
probably most of those people died.
Oh yeah, go back in there at Safe, okay? It's only just a one-tower, but a bing, yeah, they're all dead.
But don't confuse people with the facts, okay, because they get really upset about that.
They're like Rudy, you know? He's a hero.
Oh, you better click that thing, maybe you can get to 1100.
Oh, 1104, thank God for that.
You see the way they come through? I think they're listening to me now, not you, Chris,
because they realize you've got to be very defeated status today, and they're not too happy with it.
They're pretty peeled with his matter of fact.
And I bet you Evan Cohen isn't too happy with either, because you didn't listen to his magnificent 2-4 segment yesterday.
Well, I said hello to him when I left.
You know him? Yeah, we're with him on Sunday.
And? Nice guy.
I don't care if he's a nice guy, and now we're talking about professionalism, and as he do a good show,
he does. He does a good show.
Yes.
I think he's a gem sarny's adopted grandson, isn't he something like that?
I mean, that's why sarny got dumped out of the sun sentinel, but they should dump a lot of people out of there.
Old, towed gem sarny, all the hanks old buddies, all that racetrack crowd.
They all got bounced.
Oh, wait till you hear this story, you'll love this.
The Catholic priest has removed his church's organist and choir director from her duties.
Saying her sailor's sex toys was not consistent with church teachings.
Well, she wasn't the organist, right?
Well, that's your way.
Fifty played the organ in some way the choir.
For 35 years, much of her work as choir director and organist was done without pay.
When her parish priest asked to meet with her, she thought it was to say, thank you.
Instead?
Instead, she was told a quitter sales job of the company known as Pure Role Mansor.
She would lose her position in the church.
And I can only imagine what position that might be.
Well, Pure Role Mansor in Love Little High was a $60 million year business that sells spot products and sex toys at home parties attended by women.
That was 15,000 consultants like survey.
She said her decision wasn't hard.
She began working with Pure Role Mansor after a brain tumor treatment after sexually dysfunctional.
The job allows her to help other women with similar problems.
After I got over the initial shock, I prayed over this a long time.
She said, I feel that Pure Role Mansors by ministry.
She likes those instruments.
The Reverend Dean Dombraski felt differently moving her from the choir law just before Thanksgiving and gradually taking away other church duties.
Survey can no longer take pictures during first communion services or lead the committee planning St. Joseph's annual late summer picnic.
I think it would be fun to head out, Dildos, if the late summer picnic won't be wrong with that.
Dildos and condoms, oh boy, then the pope really haven't ever sprained that's right.
Dombraski said he couldn't discuss the situation because it involves personnel, but in order to his rural congregation he wrote,
when that is a consultant for a firm which sells products of a sexual nature that are not consistent with church teachings.
You can't make any babies with a Dildo.
Because parish leaders are expected to model the teaching of our faith, she could stay on as the choir director of slash organist,
she could continue playing the organ or she could continue to be a consultant but she couldn't do both.
One or the other.
Survey responded with her own three page letter of church member saying that she felt compelled to help other women,
especially those suffering from problems caused by cancer.
The spirit of Christ compelled her, how do you like that?
I'll find it.
Keep looking, what?
Did you lose it?
I lost it.
I think I think it vanished.
I think I think my DCS had an exorcism.
Oh, it's just under, oh that's right, I forgot, I haven't played it in so long.
I'm sorry.
The power of Christ compelled you.
The power of Christ compelled you.
The power of Christ compelled you.
The power of Christ compelled you.
Yeah, to sell Dildos.
Anyway, many choir members quit in support she said and some of them gathered at her home on occasional Thursday to say hymns and try out those things.
Father Dean made it sound so simple.
She said there's so much more to this business than toys.
Yeah, toys be us.
Selling Dildos.
Kind of an organ player.
Is she anyway?
Okay, we got 11-11 on the pool and Christ is about to start to say something the old coot may have a point here today.
How many, what I tell you, 15-20 hours ago?
We're going to get to 13 and go for 12.
And there is the Z-Man on there who's supposedly my good close personal buddy saying tell Christ for 11-50.
We got almost 11-50 right now.
Yeah, 11-50 was way too low.
Come on Z-Man.
Let's have a land there right.
That's for amateurs.
Okay, this isn't some kind of a freaking amateur show like all these other pretend broadcasters.
We got on the Uranus market.
God, what a horseball market, man.
So I'm the most popular one.
New times, you know what that's like?
That's like saying that the...
Kalmanur was the most popular.
You understand?
Yeah, I know.
I mean, that's not that known appreciated whoever voted for me, but nevertheless.
It's not like a major pad on the back and saying boy, you're still doing a good old coat.
11-19.
They're coming in a big nasty smelly chunks right now.
Probably it's because in the middle of lunch hour.
11-20.
There's another one.
There goes another one.
Aren't you people just amazed at this or what?
What?
I think this hour we got to play that thing again.
We need a book, we need a book, we need a book.
We need a model, F&B, that's right.
Good advice for a lot of you people's out there, you know what I'm saying?
Read a freaking book or have somebody read it too, you know, is not a bad idea.
Stop us at max!
On the next Friday night, strike down.
We need to get ready man for himself.
Rosie, big, bad lesbian loud, Rosie.
The tax innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
And I'm not going to hit you.
I'm not going to hit you.
Hold the horn!
Hey, bitch, let's get this lady loving started.
Okay, it's the Trump 17 at 5, 60 WQA.
A couple of minutes you're going to have, I'm going to have you play that thing again.
IE.
And then Marguer can feed it to me because I don't like, I just don't know what to do.
It's not good to remote control radio.
To have to let somebody else play stuff.
Yeah, I don't like that.
Out of control.
I like playing it myself right on.
11-31 is the, what we got so far.
We're going to be, we're going to do it today man.
It's not even, I don't think it's even going to be, we're going to breathe hard.
You know what I'm saying?
MacLeod doesn't have any votes.
Poor, what's his name? Dennis Weaver.
He's still alive right?
Okay.
Charlie Weaver, he's been dead a long time.
So far, Kent.
Right.
Speaking of Hollywood squares.
I still think that's not a bad pull even though you, did you like it or hated?
What's the point?
The game show panelist.
Oh, I think I've hated it.
You hated it?
But whatever, you know, it's a pull.
I think we've done it.
I might not have done it.
And chicken extorts.
We guess vote for Dorothy Kill-Gallon.
But if we did it, it was a long time ago.
Yes it was.
And nobody has seen those shows in 100 years, you know.
Right.
What smile I'll be fresh in everyone's mind.
But of course we just had, what's your name, die?
Kitty Carlisle.
So that would make it kind of timely.
Anybody know who she was?
Arlene Francis, she's dead.
Steve Allen, he's dead.
Well, what's his name still alive though?
Super sales.
You know, if there was ever anybody who was born with a face meant to be a comedian,
it was super sales, am I right?
Yeah.
He is a goofy looking guy.
You look at him.
Right.
He's a comedian or what else would he be?
Kind of like that head start program.
1132 on there.
And the Rockford files, there's nobody going to catch them.
216 and Colombo, though, is a strong second.
164.
Peter Falk.
Okay.
He didn't die, did he?
Please don't tell me he's dead.
I don't know.
Let's check it out.
Magnum PU 147.
Those are the only contenders.
Everybody else.
Just moon lighting.
87.
What's that?
What's moon lighting?
A Bruce Willis and a double-shutter.
Yeah.
Whatever.
God.
Bruce Willis.
Yeah.
Now who are you going to look at?
Peter Falk.
Peter Falk.
Peter Falk.
He's not dead.
No.
Thank God.
Thank God for Peter.
A former Walmart cashier says he was fired for joking on his Myspace page that the average
IQ would increase if a bomb were dropped on the company's store as Walmart.
Huh.
He was right.
And he was fired for joking on his Myspace page.
You know, this business of people taking, you want to be able to write whatever they
want.
You know, and I think Tom ought to keep his nose out of it too.
Tom.
David Nourdweer said that he was fired on February 27th for posting the message which he said
was a joke and out of threat.
I mean, God, is there anybody that stupid would take it seriously?
Oh, God.
I told him this was crazy.
He told the Flint Journal.
It's not like I have a fighter jet in my backyard to drop a bomb with.
Then they escorted me out to the parking lot.
Nourdweer said store officials had him signed an announcement that he was fired for gross
misconduct and integrity issue.
Hmm.
Walmart spokeswoman Cory Lindbergh confirmed that Nourdweer no longer worked for the company
but wouldn't discuss why.
Unemployment officials said Nourdweer did not qualify for benefits because he had made
a threat.
Wow.
Nourdweer had a near perfect work attendance record once received a personal thank you
letter from the company president over compliments from a customer he once helped.
He said he thinks the coworker disliked him and pointed the Myspace page out to his boss.
Hmm.
If you have a Myspace site, you'd better act like your politician.
He said be politically correct and don't try to be funny.
You got it?
All you Myspace is out there.
Be politically correct and don't try to be funny.
Read a mother-effan book first before you like it.
By the way, Dede Teever is dead.
I got a couple of.
Oh no.
I had a feeling that he was dead.
He could have been very old.
Are you Google Dennis Weaver?
24 or 2006.
He was from what year?
24 to 206.
Oh, 76 and 82.
Well, I guess that's all enough.
Unless you're 81.
All enough is, however, if you're in pretty decent health like I am, I could, if I was like
90 in his healthy asylum right now, I'd make it to 100.
And I'd still be on the air.
Sure.
I'd still be on the air sitting here talking, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
and you know something else?
Not only was it that I get that big award there in New Times which that in 40 cents will
buy you like a ballpoint pen, but not only that, but who else in America sits and talks
for four hours without taking any phone calls?
Right.
I remember the first time I did that.
I remember for a seven month stretch.
Yeah.
Once upon a time.
And they'll laugh.
Oh, yeah.
Your number is survived.
And here I am.
Here I am a hundred years later.
Still doing it.
Still legendary man in my own mind.
Still not going to wouldbine.
1139.
We need to, well, here, let's do the math on this, Chris, as much as I hate saying that.
161 votes.
Yes.
And we have 38 and 60 is 98.
98 minutes.
That's not even two a minute.
We're going to do 13 today like slide right off a log or like sliding out a log.
Cool.
Yeah.
You see, you see, and then you'll be legendary.
I'm already legendary then maybe you'll be a little bit more optimistic in the future instead
of being so negative.
Oh, maybe we can good 12.
Yeah, I'll grant you.
And the thing about this, we started way down.
We didn't have to start with like 800 or something like that.
Did we?
No, we did not.
See, if you'd start paying a little bit more attention to where we are, you know,
or like seven something.
There you go.
Well, that's not, I mean, it's okay.
Okay.
Okay.
As in, be okay.
1140.
Yeah, you got to play it again.
Well, please.
No, right now, though.
Why not?
Oh, you want it right now?
No problem.
Right now.
Well, hang on a second.
Jesus, God Almighty.
You see what I mean about having to wait for you to.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, baby.
What's up, y'all?
This your boy, Z-Mike.
See how you really do songs with like hooks and concepts, it's right?
But, man, I'm trying to go black them.
Somebody's a monster.
Check this out, y'all.
Oh, read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mind.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mind.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mind.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Cecone Di perpetuate a book.
Okay, I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-K
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-K
I-E-A-D-A-D-A-P-O-K
Raise your kids, raise your kids, raise your kids
Raise your kids, raise your kids, raise your kids
Raise your kids, raise your kids, raise your kids
Raise your kids, raise your kids, raise your kids
Body, knees, water, soul, drink, dance
Body, knees, water, soul, drink, dance
Body, knees, water, soul, drink, dance
Body, knees, water, soul, drink, dance
Bastion, wear, Bastion, wear
Explain and wear
I just want nothing there to be
Just walk the ass
Just walk the ass
Wayyy all the way
This kid is sick
It's not me, stay clear, it's not a space there
No!
I'll see, stay clear, it's not a space there
Read a book, read a book, read a month
Read a book, read a book, read a month
Read a book, read a book, read a month
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a month
Read a book, I-E-A-D-A-D-O
Oh, man!
Oh, I-E-A-D-A-D-A
And I got some even better news during that
when you were playing that and I was enjoying it
and tapping my toe, I found another $10 winner
in there, $20, I might just be able to return now
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Ah, ah that was the pain of Lord Jesus right behind my face
I don't know what you're talking about.
I never said, don't look at the door.
No, I didn't do it.
No, I didn't do it.
No, I didn't do it.
No, I didn't do it.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'll tell you this, you man.
We got 11.56 already.
I mean, 11.50 come on.
Let's get serious.
All these people out there with their lower expectations,
you better give us the respect that Christ deserves.
Yeah.
Right.
Exactly.
Pro 33 at 5.16 W.Q.M.
We got 11.56 on the pole.
We're going to make 13 every day by a hooker by a quirk.
Think with Wim.
You know what they say?
Think with Wim.
That's what they say at the YMCA.
Yes.
Think with Wim.
I was there yesterday.
11.63 now is a matter of fact.
Boy, there's still coming in a big, goopy chunks.
Makes me wonder about lunch.
That's what I'm thinking about right now is lunch.
Don't ask me why.
I don't know because you're fat and you think about food all day
when you're not thinking about sex.
Yeah, that's probably it.
Go to lunch, George.
Okay.
Go to lunch.
Go to lunch.
Oh, oh, oh.
I do need to watch that again too.
I know it.
That's one of those folks you can't watch too long riveting.
You're right.
Glen Gary Glen Ross.
That's perfect.
And all of you.
And what a great cast, too, you know, everybody.
Even I work Baldwin.
Especially, I work Baldwin.
11.63.
You got your Al Pacino and Jack Lemona.
You're there in the Harvey Grattell and...
Kevin Spathe.
Kevin Spathe is in there.
Yeah.
He's in there.
At his role.
Who?
At Harry.
Yeah, at Harry.
He's really good now at Arkin.
Right.
Steve Stanton.
Who?
He's not in there.
But he was fired to suburban.
Well, he's the guy we talked about several times.
He, she, whatever he wants to be this week.
He was fired to suburban.
Largo was top official two months ago after announcing plans to become Susan Stanton.
Hope this more cosmopolitan tourist town in Sarasota was ready for a transgendered see manager.
But guess what?
It was not.
The City Commission yesterday picked a less controversial candidate.
Nobody wants controversy.
Maybe everybody wants Pavlim.
Politically, correct Pavlim.
I just don't think the world is ready just yet, Stanton said as he made a hasty exit from Sarasota City Hall.
The five commissioners had Robert Bartolotta, 59, who resigned to city manager in the South for the city of Jupiter in 2004 to care for his termally old wife.
She has since died.
Their second choice was Marsha Segal George, 54, deputy administrator in Orlando.
Stanton was the third finalist.
He's out.
Earlier this year, the Largo City Commission voted 5 to 2 to fire Stanton from the $140,000 job after 14 years of generally excellent evaluations.
Hundreds of people for and against trans-sexual rights pack the chambers and dozens of police officers were posted to keep the peace.
In the end, in the end, back home, Commissioner said it was Stanton's judgment honesty not to say exchange that prompted their decision.
Things were much calmer in Sarasota, about 50 miles south of Largo and southwestern coast.
Largo, with the population of 76,000 of working class community in the Tampa Bay area, Sarasota's 54,000 residents are generally more affluent, older than death, and the community is a tourist destination with a thriving arts scene.
Right.
Sarasota's the home of New Collins and Florida, liberal arts school, where 750 students take classes without grades and design their own curriculum.
It's also home to the John and Marble, a Mabel, Ringling Museum of Heart, which has a collectible of matches brought by the Circus Tycoon.
Sarasota's also where Stanton spent much of her secret life as Susan before going public, spending several weekends a year there dressed in women's clothing.
Still, Stanton plans to become a woman who had been a tough topic to address.
The commissioners who interviewed her hesitated to bring it up even though it was on everybody's mind, so Stanton did it.
Stanton 48th grad will alleviate their concern, saying that having a trans-sexual city manager would not be as disruptive as they might think.
She said that the recuperation time for a sex change operation is minimal, and that if hired she would step back from the national spotlight.
She has started hormone therapy already.
It's a legitimate concern, hopefully I've addressed it, Stanton said in her somewhat deep voice before the vote.
I've taken the initiative to throw it out and maybe remove it from the table, she said.
No one spoke against it and I seem like making fun of this, so that's not right. It just says in her somewhat deep voice.
There are the ones making fun of us, Susan, whatever her name is.
No one spoke against it and Wednesdays, many of the police officers watched over the few citizens who were sent to the job interviews.
We need to put a little pepper in the atmosphere, said Sarasota County resident Gwen Callaway, 70s reported to Stanton, she's got the background.
Put a little pepper in there.
It burns, she can start running instead of walking when she's proved she's accomplished.
Well if you put a little pepper in there, I bet you she will run instead of walking.
I'll bet.
Stanton, whose large biceps stand out when she wears shirtslee dresses, said many residents stopped her to express the poor she's explored the city and the days leading up to Wednesdays vote.
Now, the single person is focused on what I wear, the type of shoes I have on or the type of necklace I'm wearing.
It's just on the issue Stanton said before the vote.
Stanton, the father of the teenage son, said the intense media scrutiny made the Sarasota interview cumbersome.
A scrum of cameras and reporters made her easy to spot at a crowd of toothed unit reception for the candidates.
A photographer followed her to the threshold of the woman's restroom.
The scrutiny is part of the price of admission she said before the vote.
It said, the job of a city manager while critical is extremely uninteresting she added adding,
I'm pretty confident that within two or three weeks the media is going to find something that's a real story but not this.
This is silly.
It's silly.
And speaking of silly, he housed gas emissions.
He'd be silly too with all his gas emissions.
We're not for all the dead people as a result.
There's nothing funny about dead people, especially dead innocent people who have been butchered and made into human sacrifices because a lunatic is in charge of what was supposed to be the greatest country on the face of the year.
But if the one superpower, super duper power.
Let's see, we got 1170 something is what I'm seeing on here.
1177 Sunset Strip.
You know what else 77 is don't you?
787!
Yeah, that too.
Or at least, yeah, it still is but unfortunately doing a fascist talk.
That is saying commentary.
1177 votes which means will it be over 1200 by the top of the hour, Chris.
And then 13 should be easily in our sites.
And you can never do it now.
You can saw now all of a sudden he's on the bandwagon.
See, you lead him there and all of a sudden now we're going to do it.
Mr. Negatory.
Yeah, what does that mean?
What Mr. Negatory that said we were going to get 1150 votes and now we get 1177.
I wonder what the hell he's thinking about.
What kind of stupid picture he's going to put on his Myspace paper.
Man a republic, baby. Only in Miami.
I got very drunk last night.
You like your aunt, I knew we could drop.
He's always drunk in violence.
Stupid and drunk.
If I was dead drunk I would remember it.
This just ends. I've been drinking.
Because I was half baked, smoking dubious.
I just saw the news today.
Seems my wife has felt my rage.
I closed my fist and tried to say.
I ain't on drugs.
I'm just playing crazy.
My arms are full of hell.
Under a dark high.
I bid in his, your face.
I watched you drunk.
You paid my arms a full of hell.
I knew I was a little long.
I'm last punch.
You told her to punch.
You paid all your poor.
I can't believe this. I can actually go to jail.
The one you've had to go early.
If you do it a day.
1244, 16 to 15, 60, WQM.
I don't know if I ever actually gave the shendrel off for today.
And of course the audience I'm sure each and every one of you are sitting on the edge of your seats.
Wondering who's going to be on today talking to sports.
Is that what the audience is all about?
Doesn't matter.
No.
Of course it matters.
What does that mean?
I said them.
As long as somebody's on talking about sports.
That's true.
Evan Cohen is on 2 o'clock for the man.
Dog 2 to 4 and Chris says he does a fine job.
Is that what you said?
Yes.
Power out with a Humper 4 to 5 all by his self.
But I bet you one of them funky sports writers will show up along with him.
You mark my words.
Then the Humper all by his self.
Five to seven to work off a few calories.
Seven o'clock to 730, it's half hour that Miami Dolphins all asses.
Which we got to do that because we got the games.
We got to pretend it.
I mean it's the first of June.
You think people got Dolphins on their mind?
Not if they're brain.
It's like at any rate, 730 it's Marlins on deck.
Think they got the Marlins on.
No.
And then the Marlins at the Brewer is at 805 all by 80K and Game Night.
Following another dismal.
Now how do the Marlins do last night against the Cubs?
They won 9.
Really?
That's like a 4-fit.
Wow.
Did you know that?
What?
In baseball a 4-fit the final score is 9-0.
Don't know ask me why.
Wouldn't you think it would be like 1-0?
Don't know ask.
I'm not out of hotel.
1189.
We need to love more votes to get to 1200 and then, you know.
It's Marching Right Along.
Then you'll see they'll start coming through in big humongous smelly nasty stinky chumps.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
They'll start coming through in a few minutes.
How many weeks ago, several weeks ago, I eliminated that I hate this poll crack for all those negative, hostile, hateful people out there.
Those people that want to give you the soft food of Bronx cheer.
Like that.
We eliminated that.
And we're still kicking ass on there.
So that may or may not mean something.
I guess we'll find out next Thursday.
So be sure and call up Josh next Thursday when you're at home on your vacation.
And then you can find out whether they come in the following Monday or not.
You know what I mean?
All right.
You can find out whether the coast is clear to save to come back.
Love a 90 on there.
We'll have over 1200 by the top of the hour.
Rest assured of that.
Here's a very disturbing story.
I haven't really gotten into too much of my pile today, have I?
That's okay.
I don't want to be accused of sitting here and reading for four hours.
You know what I mean?
I don't want any broadcast pretenders going on here.
Hacking a china kabab.
Why, you know, Nendio Rogers only does this read the newspaper.
Oh, like that, you know?
Bunch of goofballs couldn't get arrested in a panty raid.
An early release in Spector General Report Black's Backed Eyewitness accounts of suspicious behavior
by 13 Middle Eastern men on Northwest Airlines flight in 2004
and reveal several missteps by government officials including
favor to file an incident report to the month after the matter became public.
According to Homeland Security report, these suspicious passengers
12 Syrians and their lesbianies born from voters were traveling on flight 327
from Detroit to LA on expired visas.
US citizenship and immigration services extended the visas one week after the June 29, 2004 incident.
The report also says that a background check in the FBI's National Crime Information Center database
which was performed June 18 as part of a visa extension application produced positive hits
for past criminal records or suspicious behavior for eight of the 12 Syrians who were traveling in the US
as a musical group.
In addition, the band's promoter was listed in a separate FBI database on case investigations
for acting suspiciously aboard a flight months earlier.
He was detained a third time in September on a return trip to the US from Istanbul,
the details of which were redacted.
The Inspector General criticized the Homeland Security officials for not reporting the incident
to the Homeland Security Operations Center which services the nation's nerve center for information
sharing and domestic incident management.
The report comes three years after the incident which was not officially acknowledged
until a month later after the Washington Times reported passenger and marshal complaints
that the incident was able to dry run for a terrorist attack.
After reviewing the report, Air Marshal say confirms their earlier suspicions, a dry run.
Never have the dry runs? Not lately.
An Air Marshal who told the times that he's been involved personally in terror probes
that were ignored by federal security managers called such behavior typical.
Ain't that sweet?
Agency management was not only covering up numerous probes and dry run encounters
from Congress, not the federal law enforcement agencies,
it was also hiding these incidents from their own fly air marshal said PJFRI Black
in our marshal station in Vegas.
Homeland Security officials initially denied the complaints and blame passengers
before the incident to press his behavior hysterically.
They're like K, they're hysterical.
However, the Inspector General before shows there was a county who was hysterical.
She's hysterical.
Was K.
Was it Connie?
K.
No, it was Connie.
See, it's confusing.
That's right, when she was screaming about Colonel, she's hysterical.
However, the Inspector General report shows that Air Marshal had the group of men under surveillance
before they boarded the plane.
Prior to boarding, one of the Air Marshal's noticed what he later characterized
is unusual behavior by about six Middle Eastern males who arrived at the gate together,
and separated and acted as if they didn't know each other the report said.
Aha!
According to the Air Marshal's, these men were sweaty, appeared nervous and arrived after the boarding announcement.
The Air Marshal's made eye contact with one another to ensure they were of this behavior the report said.
The Inspector General's two-year investigation was originally released in April 2006,
but was then wholly redacted except for two sentences.
The re-released stems from a freedom of information request by the Times April 25, 2006,
which was answered Friday.
Porsches of the report remain redacted.
However, according to former Air Marshal's review to copper provided by the Times,
say the activities of the men details a dry run for a terrorist attack.
This report is evidence of Homeland Security executives attempting to downplay
and cover up an unmistakable dry run that forced flight attendants to reveal the Air Marshal's
and compel the pilots to open a flight to the deck door.
Said Robert McLean, former Air Marshal was fired last year for revealing
that the service planned to cut back on protection for long distance flights to save money.
According to the report, flight 327 was delayed for five minutes because
one of the 13 suspicious passengers will appear not to understand English and walk
with the limp, was seated in the emergency exit row.
The flight attendant Germany was unable to operate the emergency procedures
and delayed the flight while having machine seats.
On the flight, 13 Middle Eastern men behaved in a suspicious manner
that aroused the attention and concern of the flight attendant's passengers,
Air Marshal's and pilots, the men walked in the aisle,
appearing to count passengers and several men spent excessive time in the laboratories.
One man rushed to the front of the plane, appearing ahead for the cockpit.
At the last moment, he veered into the first class laboratory,
remaining in for about 20 minutes.
One man carried a McDonald's bag into the laboratory,
another man of hungry training from the laboratory,
wreaked strongly of what smelled like toilet bowl chemicals.
He smelled like the tidie bowl-freakened man.
Some men hand sit with each other, the passenger ended up allowing,
I know what that means.
Does it?
What is it?
They hand-send me something and they head for the tea room together.
Oh.
The passenger ended the laboratory with the McDonald's bag,
made a thumbs-up signal to another man upon returning from the laboratory.
Another man made a slashing motion across his throat,
appearing to say, no.
As the flight descended into L.A.,
the report said, for these suspicious individuals stood up
and made their way to the back of the plane where the individuals
used the rear laboratory,
and one of the men was doing stretching exercises and knee bends by the exit tour.
Maybe he was from Hylia, maybe he did the Alimbo Rock in Hylia,
Westland, under these stalls.
The men were briefly detained, but only two were questioned.
The Federal Air Martial Supervisor examined the visas,
but did not notice the visas that expired on June 10, 2004.
Are they doing a heck of a job or what?
One of the air marshals assigned the flight notice the expiration,
but erroneously believed he was not legally entitled to run a background check.
Oh.
According to the report, the marshals primary concern at that time
was not whether the visas were expired,
but to copy the visa pages so that customs and border patrol
could later run a database check on these individuals.
Antico's on so long story.
But nobody got hurt.
1199, the next show will be the 1200th,
and Chris will send you a big fat one in the mail and check too.
They get to 12.
Well, you got to get to 12 before you get to 13, is that right?
Exactly.
So maybe we look at it on this show, man.
We're counting the votes.
Count the votes.
Let me click that again.
We may have, we may be over 12 by the top of the hour, which,
like I said, 1199.
Don't start pushing him too much now.
Just ease back.
Watch your favorite TV, private eye, or cop series from the past.
The Rockford files 227.
Colombo 167, Magnum PU 153.
What a bad show, 1200.
Moonlighting 92, Kojav 61,
Charlie's Angels 45.
One thing about Kojav, he sucked.
Lollipops, not like Joyce though.
She blows.
Streets of San Francisco 42, murder she wrote 32, Miami Vice 31,
the Equalizer 29, a bandit check 25.
Remington's Steel 24, NYPD, Blue 23.
Why there's so many on here, it'll take us to midnight to read all of these.
I never realized.
77, Sunset's strip 21.
Hill Street Blue is 20.
Manics 20, Canon 20.
He's moving slow for a fat man, what do you expect?
You expect him to break out into a run?
My Camer 19, Heart to Heart 19.
Hawaii 5017, great show.
Should have a lot more votes than that.
What's wrong with this crowd?
They don't like fat bald guys.
Well, screw them.
Where are we?
My Camer 19, Heart to Heart 19, 5017, 7715.
Barnaby Jones always gets his man 15.
That's what Bill Ross used to say when he was alive.
On Channel 7.
Chicks 9, Knight Rider 9, Vegas 7.
Homicide Life on the Street 6.
I never heard of it.
It was kind of a long order type-ish of show.
Yeah, wasn't too bad.
It's only around for a year though.
Oh, got six votes.
Adam 12, six, Harry 05, 21 Jump Street 3 with Johnny Depp,
with the lovely, hairless Johnny Depp.
In the Heath of the Night 3, Burretta 3,
and Ad Houston 3.
Wasn't that Dean Martin?
Yeah, I think so.
Oh, the Mod Squad 2, McCloud 1, The Rookies 1,
and Surfside 6, finally got one.
We got 12, 05.
Everybody's got one.
Hey, this guy's for real.
And when I'm up in Belkettika, slapping all the women
with paint and lifts around the pool,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 1-2-1.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers hair and balance 1-2-1.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
This is an ABC News special report.
George, I hear that you and Laura are having problems in the bedroom.
We don't have a problem, let's ignore it.
George, don't get smart with me or I'll keep your teeth in.
Well, I've been...
Laura's not satisfied in the bedroom.
I'm not satisfied with you.
Laura, we have got to show each other some love.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know how to do it the right way.
Right.
It does not rise.
It's not as easy.
Mm-hmm.
And it's hard work.
It's gut wrenching.
Mm-hmm.
As you know, I am Chinese.
Small.
Yeah, I heard.
I heard that you guys got a gasoline powered vibrating blow-up down.
It's worth it.
It is necessary.
Yeah, I guess it's worth a try.
It's a glimmer of hope.
It's a god-given blessing.
Powerful.
Can I take a look at it?
You're not supposed to touch, because it might shock you.
Hey!
From 16, all those people are dying.
He's always doing that.
That old, down-home corn hole, the corn's spun Texas life.
And guess what?
You know why he laughs?
Why?
A new Pew Research poll finds that Republicans are happier than Democrats.
This fighting has been consistent since the survey began in 1972.
And I guess because most Republicans are oblivious,
ignorant, most of them are loaded with cash,
or blessed by the Lord, or maybe both.
Republican oil, here it is.
See, Republicans send that more money than Democrats,
and as we've already discovered, people who have more money tend to be happier.
Well, coincidence.
Probably.
But even this explanation only goes so far.
If one controls for household income, Republicans still hold a significant edge.
That is, poor Republicans are happier than poor Democrats.
Middle-income Republicans are happier than middle-income Democrats,
and rich Republicans are happier than rich Democrats.
Might ideology be the key?
It's true that conservatives who are more likely to be Republican
are happier than liberals, or most likely to be Democrats.
But even controlling for this ideological factor,
a significant partisan gap remains.
Conservative Republicans are happier than conservative Democrats,
and moderate to liberal Republicans happier than liberal Democrats.
And a partridge in a pair of three.
Like I said, that's because they're oblivious,
and they don't give a crap about all this stuff that's going on.
They're no global warming or worry about.
That's right.
They're oblivious to everybody else,
to suffering and murder and bloodshed,
and torture and all of these things.
All of these things.
Now let's get back to the important stuff.
Okay, and that's the poll on the Legendary Neal Roger Show.
Quite a feather in our crap.
How they knew time's thing?
Uh-huh.
Oh, I bet you're just going to be billboards going up all over town,
voted by the listing audience,
the most popular AMYF, for the 8,000th year in a row.
It's old granny Neal.
Not.
You're not going to see that.
12th of anyone.
Well, they don't have it in the budget
because they've been losing millions of dollars
in a Marlon game, see?
I mean, if somebody told you that,
wouldn't you like want to slap them in the face?
Twice.
Okay.
Yeah.
So that's immediately,
it's hard to do it over the phone, you know?
We just want to slap somebody in the face, say,
what's the matter with you, you know?
Think it brings a going something.
Like Marlon Brando, the same thing.
You're going to have to like a man!
What's the matter with you?
What?
We can't do it.
Yeah, we've been losing all this money.
Another great business transaction
by the beesleys getting the stock
putting it on here,
that's already on free television number one,
every game.
And number two, that nobody cares about in the first place.
I mean, they're not drawing flies.
They are not drawing flies.
And of course, if they build a new stadium,
will they come?
No.
Of course not.
That's got nothing to do with it.
So it'll be more comfortable.
It'll be air-conditioned,
then it won't be 180 degrees in the shade.
But you know, the people that don't
care now won't care then either.
1222, Chris, we need 78 votes in 56 minutes.
What do you think?
Should be easy.
We got it.
We got it in the bag, baby.
It's in the sack.
Now, here's an interesting fact.
It says, what about McGiver?
Oh yeah, he'd have won if we could start right.
He would have won.
Get out of here.
McGiver, which they spelled very wrong, by the way.
That's not even close.
I don't know how you spelled it.
I don't know, no, no, no, no.
Well, Google it, we'll put it on there.
McGiver.
Another bad show.
At least he looked pretty good, though, once upon a time.
I don't know what his name was, but.
What was his name?
Richard Dean Anderson.
Was it really?
How the hell the year old that?
Because I'm a waiter of what's wrong.
Because I don't live in Canada out of touch
with the rest of the world.
We got Arnold here, baby.
And you can have him back.
Believe me, when I saw that, when I saw him with Stephen Harper
and I was like, what's the name?
I thought, boy, birds of a feather,
pollute the universe together.
Although they were talking about all that good, you know,
Arnold's into this environmental crappie,
it doesn't know what it's all about.
I eat great.
I'm a grapey.
It says, you know, Suppy Salesman's name was Gus Pacho,
P-A-C-H-O, Pacho.
I wonder if he was kind of Pacho on, what was that show?
Cisco Kid.
Remember Pacho?
No.
Well, that's because it was way before your time.
And the guy, Leo Corillo, or something, if that's right,
then you can get them a guy, everything they can care of.
Chris.
Yeah.
Google the Cisco Kid.
Now, Leo Corillo, I believe, was the Cisco Kid,
but it might have been in Saikyaki.
He might have been Pacho.
What does it say?
Who are the actors in that show?
Have you got it?
I haven't even been long by that name, by the way.
What? Pacho?
No, Leo Corillo.
Leo Carillo?
See.
Carillo?
See.
Does he roll his Rs?
Leo Carillo?
Every chance he gets.
You got to roll your Rs and roll your cigars, baby,
and roll your big fat ones.
Now, what was the assert with Leo Corillo?
The Cisco Kid.
1950?
1950.
Holy cow.
My older wife.
The writers looking for the camera here.
Can I hear what the writers were?
I know.
Or the horses.
Who was in it?
So, I'm looking for.
Car, are you slow?
Anyway, sis.
Oh, here's a poor idea.
Super sales face.
But what's the question?
Marty Feldman's face, Don Nott's face,
Dean Varney's face,
funniest faces.
Funniest faces.
Well, why the hell did they say that for crying out loud?
You know, I smell a pool, but we just have, you know, face.
Oh, iron size.
Now, we're talking about what about Perry Mason?
See, Perry Mason should have been on there in the beginning
because that was the original thing,
private detective, Perry Mason.
Well, it was the right stakes.
It was 100 years ago.
I thought it was a courtroom thing, Perry Mason.
But he was an detective.
That was the idea.
What is wrong with you?
You thought you didn't watch Perry Mason?
What is wrong with you?
That's all you got.
I think it was three years old and all these years.
I didn't know what a homophobia was.
It was just because Raymond Burwood was gay.
But at least he was a macho queen, you know?
So, yeah, macho.
Duncan Ronaldo and Leo Carrillo.
Oh, Duncan Ronaldo was the Cisco first.
I know that.
And Leo Carrillo was Pancho.
And Super Sales Rename was Gus Pacho.
How do you like that?
Get out of here, Gus Pacho.
That's a joke.
I mean, spelled,
P-A-C-E-J-O, Gus Pacho.
Isn't that got to be a joke?
I don't know.
Let me look it up.
Look up Super Sales.
Gus Pacho.
Get out of here.
If that's his real name, man.
Anyway, Paul says, what about Ironside?
Okay, just, just relax, Paul.
Just calm down.
The more we head on there, the more votes we'll get
to make Chris.
You got IronSides and Perry Mason on there.
How come we don't have Perry Mason?
What is wrong with us?
Well, are we,
even IronSides also a lawyer type thing?
It's Perry Mason, it's Perry Mason and Wheelchair.
Anyway, his real name, Super Sales, Milton Sopman.
Yeah, see Gus Pacho.
Get out of here.
Isn't that guy trying to be funny?
That's like red.
That's Pacho.
That's that soup.
Yeah, really right.
Of course it is.
That's why I said it.
Gus Pacho.
I see Gus Pacho.
If you say it fast enough,
it's Gus Pacho.
It's like that red, the rough and sore guy.
By the way, is, what's his name still there?
What's his name?
PD Lenny.
Yeah.
I could play that Alka Seltzer one, but that can't play it.
No.
What do you want to talk to?
No.
Who?
Mommy.
Loving.
Mommy.
Loving.
Where's Mommy?
Nobody by that name.
No baloney.
Gus Pacho.
Now why would somebody go to the effort of doing that?
He got me.
He got me.
He got me.
He's going to write it down in his, you know, in his biopsy.
I got me.
I got me.
I got me with a man.
Look at Fachu.
Yeah.
So what was his real name, Milton Ziskins?
Suckman.
No, thank you.
1230 votes on the poll.
1230 WJNO.
Man, that's why I started doing my first full-time talk show in West Palm Beach.
1975.
32 years ago.
Oh, God.
Six hours.
Six to midnight.
Although one hour between seven and eight o'clock was the CBS mystery hour.
And eight to midnight was a six to seven was a sports talk show.
I told you this many times.
But I saw 1230 on there.
I figured it might be marginal, marginally interesting.
The guy by the way is on the poll doesn't have any votes.
For whoever said if it would have been down there from the beginning of the year, what a one.
Yeah.
That's the same guy that gave us Gutspacio.
Same shmikkel.
Smart ass.
Whatever happened to that guy from that law firm in Philadelphia by the way?
Remember that guy?
No, who?
Yeah, you know what I'm talking about?
Who's that guy?
Adam.
Adam, that was, oh, what a memory.
That was given me a song and an ance in a hole.
Oh, the old Neil.
We're sure it was the old, you know something.
I am the old Neil.
This is the old Neil.
Real old, okay?
Older than Methusla.
And still, I sound the same as I did 20 years ago.
I sound great.
I feel great right now.
I'm sitting here in the chair and I feel like me, you know.
All this crap.
And then this al guy, do they?
Oh, you're not on the way out.
Your mother lived in the were 80s.
Like, like, you know, first of all, she lived in 91.
I'll say it again.
And you don't know.
I knew my mother, okay?
You don't know my mother.
So you know, quit.
And even George knew my mother.
Yeah, she was a pit.
Yeah, she was a pit boy.
She should have had a show.
Nails.
It would have been hysterical.
Yeah.
A mega minute.
She could have had the nazers show.
Everything that came out of her mouth was hysterical.
One, two, three, four.
I love when we get that number on the pull.
1230 reminds me of J&O.
I don't know what that is.
When we get to 1240, it's WGV and Geneva.
It's being the radio business.
It rots your mind.
You think of frequencies on the AM dial.
And of course, now nobody thinks of that,
because nobody listens to AM in the first place.
That's why it's a miracle that we get these votes
that we got anybody out there.
1236 pick up sticks.
And you said we wouldn't make 13 today.
Is there any doubt in your mind?
We got 49 minutes and we need 74 votes for Christ's sakes.
That's barely more than one minute.
Christ.
Jesus Christ almighty.
You would think since I gave you all that credit,
see that's the problem.
I'm too good with people.
I gave you all that credit and had nothing to do with you.
You didn't get one vote on there the last couple of days.
What are you talking about?
1238.
62 votes and 49 minutes.
Even a deaf dumb and blind man could do that.
No sweat.
With our hands tied behind her back.
Kind of like what the beesleys are doing to us.
Now, inside addition.
President Bush is facing new criticism today.
This time we're not wearing his seatbelt.
During the long day, National seatbelt week.
The president was caught on tape,
riding his niggas truck without his seatbelt.
That is Texas branch.
I made a serious mistake.
It didn't happen.
National seatbelt week is a government campaign
that encourages Americans to buckle up.
In competition, we'll be fighting back.
116 at 560 W.F.M. Happy Thursday.
It's the last day of my old baby.
And last day, hold the mail.
Christomarr is ill, Uno de Hunio.
Talk about crazy people, Norman Pajoritz.
And a Wall Street Journal op-ed.
Promenadeo Con. Norman Pajoritz.
He's another one who put the con into Neocon.
Right study hopes and prays that President Bush will bomb Iran.
He can call up by John McCain.
They can sing to each other. They can do it the way.
BAM BAM BAM BAM Iran.
You know something? The fact that the media...
I just still can't get over it.
Why does anything surprise me?
My old and gullible...
I don't know.
Stupid. No!
Yeah, I am.
I mean, the fact that the media put that on there,
like they didn't call for somebody to come with a butterfly net
and then just take the man away.
And lock him up again.
He's used to being kept in solitary.
He ought to be back there again.
Although many persistent denying that I continued to believe that what September 11, 2001 did,
was to plug this headlock into nothing less than another World War.
Right, so the editor-in-chief of the Wall Street Journal of Commentary,
who sits on the council of foreign relations.
I call this new World War IV because I also believe that what is generally known as the Cold War
was actually World War III, and that this one bears a closer resemblance to that great conflict
than it does to WWII.
Potoritz believes that the plain and brutal truth is that if Iran has to be prevented
from developing a nuclear arsenal, there is no alternative to the actual use of military force,
any more than there was no alternative to force of Hitler was to be stopped in 1938.
Since the ground invasion of Iran must be ruled out for many different reasons,
the job will have to be done if it's to be done at all by a campaign of air strikes.
The op-ed continues, this is in the Freak and Wall Street Journal, by the way,
by a crazy man.
Furthermore, he says, because Iran's nuclear facilities are dispersed
and because some of them are underground, many sorties and bunker-busting munitions
would be required.
And because such a campaign is beyond the capabilities of Israel
and the will that will allow the courage of any of our other allies,
it could only be carried out by the USA.
Even then, we'd probably be unable to get all the underground facilities,
which means that if Iran were still intent on going nuclear,
it would not have to start over again from scratch.
But a bombing campaign would without question set back its nuclear program for years to come
and might even lead to the overthrow of the Mullahs.
Pada Hordes thinks that bushing tends within the next 21 months
toward a air strike against the Iranian nuclear facilities
from the three U.S. aircraft carriers already sitting nearby.
If this is what Mr. Bushing tends to do,
it goes or should go without saying that his overriding purpose
is to ensure the security of this country
and according to the value he took upon becoming present
and in line with this pledge not to stand by
while one of the world's most dangerous regimes
threatens us with love to the world's most dangerous weapons.
It remains to be seen whether this present battered more mercilessly
and with less justification than any other in living memory
and weakened politically by the enemies of his policy in the Middle East in general
and Iraq in particular,
will find it possible to take the only action that can stop Iran
from following through on its evil intentions
both toward us and toward Israel,
Pada Hordes' rights and conclusion.
As an American and as a Jew and as a crazy one,
I pray with all my heart that he will, says Pada Hordes.
He has a book set for release on September 11th entitled
World War IV, The Longest Struggle Against Islamol Fashism,
Another Crazy Jew.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Wolfowitz, Pada Hordes, Pearl and Schmeckle,
a just despotetic, you know?
Goes to Shoya, no matter what group you take,
there's a bunch of crazies near the group.
Although my religion is certainly as much better than yours
and that's because I didn't got any,
which beats whatever you believe.
1254, all the fairy tales, all the bubble-mices,
all the butchery, all the killing,
all the fables about the afterlife and God and St. Peter
and St. this one.
Oh, Jesus.
And him too.
1254, we need 46 votes in 40 minutes.
My God, that's just barely more than one minute.
Even Chris.
See, I mean, I don't have to like make a drama out of this
because it's going to be a hope relatively easy.
But remember what I've been telling you?
Don't ever take anything for granted.
Exactly.
In addition to which I'm kind of like switching,
I've already assumed the 1300 day.
It's a real feather in our,
right now, I'm thinking heavy duty about lunch right now, you know?
It's a tough decision you have to make every day.
Yeah, do you want to know why it's tougher for me?
Why?
Because you know what time they stop?
Most of the fancier, schmancier restaurants,
I'm not talking about like you're all day daily or places like that.
But most of your nicer places,
you know what time they stop serving lunch?
No, about one, two, two, two.
Now if you were really an ice guy,
I could like get all dressed up now and head out like 10 to 10 to two.
Right.
And go, but then I'd go have a big meal
and eat a whole bunch of crap.
Don't do that, I mean, you got lots of stuff we can play.
Oh, we do need that one more time this hour.
No, I'm not going to do that.
That would be a sure thing my duty, man.
I would be bad.
You wouldn't want to shirk it, would you?
No.
How about shrekking my duty?
1254, I bet you've clicked that again.
You know, listen, it's something, it's a goal.
You know, and life you have to have goals.
1250s, it's like an Asakur match.
That's the problem with soccer.
Not enough goals.
We have to be more goal oriented on this radio station.
Like let's hope that everybody in the next trend,
next Thursday, a week from today,
breaks at least a two-year during their day part.
Okay?
Okay.
Okay.
As in, B-O-Okay.
I just can't, you're not supposed to be responsible for that.
I know.
It's just a rumor.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
It's going around.
And I was like,
What's the difference in always?
Is it she bloated?
She bloated like that.
Which I'm assuming.
She was talking about joy.
She never knew who he was having mind.
No, that's a good point.
And now, they're all going to be singing.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mother- you know, f in book.
That's a terrible thing.
I'm not trying to play the whole thing unexpergated.
Yes, it's too bad.
Now I'm curious what.
You're a take on it.
Oh, a Neuro Wolf.
My ass.
Get out of here.
I know William Conrad played that show,
but it was on for about five minutes.
And by the way,
Oh yeah, it takes some more calls.
No thanks.
Well, this is this is this other idiot
that's always giving me advice.
Tell me how to do the show.
No thanks.
Neuro Wolf.
You have to go ahead and put it on there.
Nobody watched it.
William Conrad was in there.
And the late Mory Chacon played the corrupt,
uh, uh, a Gora Fobick genius based on Marx-
uh, I did read the Marx- uh,
uh, I was a big fan of Neuro Wolf.
And between read my Nancy Drew Mysteries.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Wow.
This idiot.
D.I.K.
I think you got the appropriate name,
whatever whoever the hell you are.
It takes some more calls.
No thank you.
Let me ask you if there's been any problem this week.
Now, uh, Tuesday,
I will admit I was a little off my feet, you know,
it probably because it was off Monday.
And practice makes perfect.
Uh oh.
Can you hear that?
We're having a thunderstorm.
Wow.
I did hear that.
Wow.
You actually could hear it.
And it's gotten cloudy and looks like rain and stuff like that.
I better check the Toronto radar during the next break.
Because if it's going to rain,
I don't want it to be running around out there
and get so good.
But Pinomani would be not be good before the weekend.
This is definitely one weekend.
I can't afford to be getting Pinomani or sick.
257 boats we need.
We got 36 minutes.
We need 43 boats.
Now all of a sudden, you know,
here's where Eric slams on the break again.
Every day he does this.
That's something.
Bitch.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Can't you just see him sitting there with all his might, you know.
Like he's got.
He's got two hands on the wheel and the shoulders we're going back.
And he's got his foot like pedal to the metal, baby.
But it's on the brake metal.
Pedal.
That's the problem.
And then once he lets it off of there,
once he eases up on that baby,
all of us, our whole Schmidt load of boats,
come pouring through there.
And we ease on in.
What's that guy to do with my lunch?
I guess my lunch choice is just,
I guess the kind of narrow down a little bit.
But there are a lot of very fine restaurants right around here
within very, sure within like a two minute walking distance.
But they close it too, George.
I see.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You know something that's probably,
that probably saves my life.
Good.
If I went out and ate all my meals in restaurants,
I'm sorry.
I don't know how he does it.
I got a balance with him.
He keeps no food in his refrigerator,
no food in the house,
and he eats every single meal in a restaurant.
How do you do that in that way, 800 pounds?
Well, I guess.
I guess he does know the answer to that either, right?
I'm sorry.
I'm texting somebody.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
I'll bet you are.
Now get that thing ready,
because we're going to play it again later this hour.
It's ready.
Is it ready?
It's ready.
Are we going to read a book together?
There's a guy's name.
Whatever his name is.
The weather guy.
What is Rob Marciano?
Some days he looks really good
when they put a lot of makeup on him, you know?
And other days when he's outside,
it looks like he's had a rough night.
And probably did.
But if there's a butt, I smell it.
Welcome.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Down in Miami, where the losers all build
is a big, fat, basking name.
Charlie Joe.
He manages a radio station there
and when it comes to paying bills, Joe don't care.
That's the girl, the fool.
I'm gonna pay you up.
Ha ha ha ha.
That's the girl, the fool.
What a show, the fool.
The fool, the fool.
That's the girl.
Joe's picked a point out
that these lead lead has a spinning freeze.
Crackers leads.
I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice,
but who lives on your desk a steaming pile of joys.
That's the girl, the fool.
Man, not a radio station.
What the fuck, what the hell?
That's the girl, the fool.
That's the girl.
I'm looking forward to seeing
that these joys on the corner of the job
and call me to part-roll.
Walking through the traffic with a cardboard sign
that says, I'm a good beat bump.
Can you smirming a dime?
You can get these joys over here.
You're trying to get your fuck up up up up up up.
That's the girl, the fool.
I'm a horrible fool.
That's the girl.
You're gonna blow.
Okay, 131 and 560, let me see.
I just looked on the radar and I see
there's just like a little tiny thing.
It was on the radar you were looking?
Let me say it again.
And it's just about moved on through.
I thought it was gonna be a disaster later.
It came to find out by two o'clock.
It's gonna be all be gone and the coast will be clear.
And I can go out there and eat me a big gigantic steak
or something like that.
How is that?
Good.
That's a bit of a nutritious.
Or could the zip over to bastard Robbins?
No, no, no.
Ooh, look at that lightning and wow.
Lightning and Tundermann.
Prove 69, I must be the Lord has pissed off
and the nuns are bowling up there again.
That's what we always thought when I was a little kid
the nuns are bowling and that's what's fundamentally right.
The nuns are bowling.
Ooh, it's a 7th 10th split.
Boy, that's Lord, man.
Can you hear it?
I heard it.
Wow.
Woo!
Nothing like being up north.
I'll say in the Midwest when in like in the summertime
when they have the big storms in the Midwest and lightning
and thunder and tornadoes are spawned and all that crap.
Wow, there's nothing like watching that lightning.
Wow.
Ever seen that?
Sure.
Like when we were in Omaha.
That's Omaha and those places.
Prove 69 votes.
We need 31 votes in 20 minutes.
I'm off my feet now because I started thinking about lunch again.
It's not a big deal.
Am I really hungry?
We ask yourself a musical question.
Am I really hungry?
Put down that fork.
Put down that spoon.
Put down that knife.
Put down that half gallon of ice cream.
Really?
I must admit that I have in my lifetime there have been times I've eaten
a half a gallon of ice cream in one sitting.
Wasn't that don't you find that repulsive and disgusting and grotesque?
Right.
Well, so do I.
But it's one of those things, man.
The more you eat, the more you want it.
It stimulates your appetite.
It ought to be against the law.
Those people will make that stuff ought to be in jail.
In fact, the people make crappy food.
They should get an award.
For how much do they want?
Right.
But the stuff that's addictive.
That whole business about pringles.
You can't eat only one.
Of course you can't eat only one because they put stuff on it
to stimulate your taste buds so that when you want to eat a thousand of them.
You want to eat like 15 containers of it.
You know?
Those long tubes of potato chips.
Which are poisoned by the way they're deep fried.
They're bad for you.
But they probably don't have any trans fats.
They put that on the label like it's healthy.
Like it's good for you.
Like you know, I see these spots on TV.
Oh, give your cholesterol down and be healthy each shredded wheat.
It's nothing but carbohydrates, man.
And who the hell eats shredded wheat would often a lot of sugar on it anyway, right?
You know, anybody who's like arduous.
There's Rob Marciano looking better than he ever looked in his life.
They must have done a facial and a head job or whatever on him.
And there she is.
Look at that.
Kira Phillips, man.
And why don't they show this food screen?
They show her it's separate because he's sure a lot prettier than she is.
Uh-oh.
Listen to some new information that we're getting from our Catholic folk.
She joins us now live from Washington to tell us what's going on in the morning.
So it's vicious packages.
Well, Kira, as soon as we began getting these reports.
I bet you're robbing hand-rearing.
I got a suspicious package.
I got a lot with the Department of Transportation.
So I started calling all my contacts over there.
Let me check it out.
And not surprising.
We got a single person who was answering their phone.
So I got in touch with them.
At least four suspicious packages.
Four of the operations in DC.
The Department of Transportation.
And I'm standing up shortly after a letter came that they were all of that.
From the building.
Because of what was initially thought to be then one suspicious package.
According to Alan Eder, a spokesperson for DC fired.
They say there are now four suspicious packages.
However, I'm just got off the phone with Brian Terminal just about three minutes.
They said they were told in five minutes they were going to be given the all clear to return to the building.
So apparently whatever these packages were or are, they have been determined not to be harmful.
And the employees are going to be in the...
Yeah, yeah.
Another everybody's in a state of panic.
Let's get them all whipped up again.
Let's start with a green light yellow light red light.
You notice how fast that faded away?
Oh yeah.
Faded off into the etherid baby.
Nobody cares about that.
No more.
That was a campaign scam anyway.
Right.
Of course it was.
Crazy people behind that.
How are we doing toward our 1300?
Are there any concerns, any fears, any worries, 1276?
Now we got it.
Oh, and you're supposed to add law and order on the pool.
What is that?
That's always too new.
That's why we didn't put it on there.
Okay.
Law and order.
And what is the story with him?
If they decided he's going to be a news anchor now or is he still a weather guy?
I don't understand.
It's like in South Florida.
We have Cambral Martian who used to be a sports dude.
Then they made him into a news guy.
Then they all fired his ass.
You know, and then it was Tony Cigarette or he used to be a silly sports guy.
Now he's a silly news anchor for like the last 80, 90 years.
Do you ever watch Tony Cigarette or?
You talking to me?
No.
Anybody want?
No.
God.
You have to be a crazy person to watch that and take him seriously like this is a news guy.
He's a silly person.
He's a goofball.
He's a sports goofball from UN, no less.
For our 76 we need 24 votes in 24 minutes.
Now could we do any of that's even Stephen, baby?
Could we do any better than that?
And this I'm glad I got this here in my pile because yesterday I had that story about John
Connery.
Connery, I didn't believe it then and I don't believe it now.
The head of the House Judiciary Committee which has the authority to pursue impeachment
of President Bush said Tuesday he is supportive of the effort to house the president from
orifice contrary to what that stupid story said yesterday.
Representative John Connery is of Michigan, was speaking to the town hall for him in his hometown
of Detroit while Congress is on recess this week.
I've been supportive of that movement, Connery said I encourage that nationwide.
Despite the chairman's support actual impeachment proceedings seem unlikely.
Part of the Democratic takeover last year, Wimpy Nancy Pelosi now speak of the House
whole fellow Democrats that impeachment was off the table.
Connery's wife Monica joined the rest of the Detroit City Council, a unanimous voter
earlier this month to impeach Bush and Cheney as Ross Dury previously reported at
least 70 cities and more than a dozen state Democratic parties have called for impeaching
Bush and Cheney.
In his Detroit appearance to day Connery's decline to offer the full support of his position
of the top leadership committee will impeach to the impeachment push, the goal is whether
to impeach or follow up on the defects and disabilities of an administration he said.
Before the Democratic takeover, Connery's had raised the possibility of impeachment but
he's been less bullish on the possibility since last year's elections.
For about a year now there have been two congressmen Connery's wrote David Swanson reporting
on his appearance on Pro and impeachment website after Donnie Street.org, the defender of our Constitution
and the follower of Nancy Pelosi and her ban on impeachment.
Impeachment advocates say increasing public pressure is the only way to convince Congress to take up impeachment proceedings
against Bush, the Constitution says it's up to the House to begin set proceedings, then the Senate decides
whether to commit and remove the president from Orifice.
Well, so he's like neither a fish nor a foul, one day he's black next day he's white and then they have to
use Chinese.
He's all over the place.
Remember that scene in Theranite 9-11?
Yes.
And he tells Michael Mori, he says, sit down my son, nobody reads any of these bills in Congress.
And he pulls out this book of about 75 million pages and he weighs about 400 pounds.
And Michael Mori says, oh I can top that.
The 400 pounds anyway.
Can we have somebody who looks like a real person, you know, other than Rosie O'Donnell and Michael Mori?
Like I said, I love Michael Mori but can't we have somebody who looks like respectable?
Saying all of these the right things?
Uh-huh.
1282, you need 18 votes, it's in the bag baby, it is in the sack when a Sakogrande.
I'm watching that lightning and thunder, man it's like the end of the world but it's going to zip right on by just in time.
It's clearing out just in time for a good lunch.
You hear that? Can you hear it?
I heard it.
Wow.
Wombri loud.
Yeah, I think there's a whole bunch of nuns up there bowling.
Do you know that it used to be on three bowling teams when I worked in Kalamazoo?
I was pretty good, I averaged like 167, really? That's not bad.
It was not bad, why are you a boar?
I was in a bowling league and a pool league but I sucked it both of them, it was just an excuse to bring here.
I pulled a few 200 games in one time.
It was mediocre.
That's it?
What do you mean that's it?
Only a couple 200s?
I said a few 200 games.
I said that.
Well what do we all mean to tell you?
I pulled a few 300 games?
I mean make up a lie, a story?
Yeah.
Would that make you happy?
I pulled 400, 300 games, perfect games.
Even buddy, we're in Carmen Salvino never did that or Dick Weber.
Or Buzz Fasio or Eddie Koalik's.
Who?
I know my bowling Mr. Iced-O-Bot Champingit-Bolish is what's more boring than that.
Golf?
Not much.
20-2 if sports talk is more.
In fact, wait till we start doing that bowling on the radio.
Rick Weaver wanted to do that.
I would be in bowling on the radio.
Ooh, it's high, it's a 710 split.
It's a 4-6-710.
Look out now.
You get a lot of beat.
Hard!
With your Rogers on sports-or radio W2A-L!
Joy's bag.
Joy's bag.
Easily a drinking liquid called Joy's bag.
We can say what rhymes with your G-M-Roos.
Or mention like a pain of old drink.
For seats.
Joy's bag.
Joy's bag.
A Steven I would poison this, me and him.
She has the last thing that rhymes with bitch.
And we think you believe that she's a poison bitch.
Joy's bag.
Joy's bag.
When you're so soul-inducent, Joy's bag.
She's a bunch of family Joy's home.
Who don't know Joy's about no Joy's?
And bring me help Joy's home.
Joy's home.
As a planet to say, Joy's home.
She masturbates as an attorney or the devil's choice.
Enjoy's the bitch you ever saw.
Joy's bag.
Joy's bag.
Other than backwards bag is not dead.
I hope the town and will think it's wrong.
We steal his Joy's bag.
Okay, 146-14102.
We have 1289.
We need 11 votes in 14 minutes.
That should be easy.
But like I told you before, until you got it, you don't got it.
You don't remember that?
No, what do you mean?
We got it.
What do you got?
We got it.
We got it?
Nah, yeah, but we will.
Like I just got through saying, until you got it, you don't got it.
1291.
Like you know, you think maybe you're going to get laid.
You go out on a hot date.
And until you actually, you know what I'm saying?
Until something actually happens, you didn't get laid.
You might have thought about it.
It's just like lunch.
I can be sitting here thinking about a really fabulous lunch today.
But until I actually put the fork in the food, you know what I'm saying?
For the food.
The fork in the food.
1290.01.
Well, we're going to do it.
And while we're waiting, you know what?
During, as a reward to the audience, we're getting us to 1300 there.
I think we ought to play that one more time.
George, really, I'm telling you.
Seriously, you outdone yourself.
In the past, there have been, you know, there have been some that required a lot of bleeps in there.
But this one, not only had a lot, but really effectively over bleep.
You did?
No, no, I don't say that.
Okay.
Not under the, not in the current atmosphere.
Not that we're a bunch of whistles on this show, but we are.
We are.
Well, you know, something I'll take the money, okay?
I know.
If I have a choice between being like Mr. Bullden, you know, that old nail that was really stupid
and foolish and stubborn, or being just, you know, kind of an old wimp, I'll be the old wimp with the money, as opposed to being out on the beach.
And the beach.
Well, that makes one of us.
What do you mean by that?
Well, that's what I mean.
Old wimp with the money.
We need five votes while this thing is playing.
If we can't do that.
Oh, but they ready?
Yeah, yeah.
They ready.
Where's that, y'all?
This your boy, Z-Mike.
See how you redo songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
But we're there now trying to go black them.
Some of them are just...
Check this out, y'all.
Read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a mob.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-J
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-J
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-J
Nice! One-Pay!
Not a magazine, who would've booked?
Get in the book, you booked?
Nahumagamasie pousdu.
Yeah in year's
Boathey
Nativeagamasie pousdu.
Boatokay
Navasongabal
That's a good idea
Real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real
put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put, real put,
give us your body, move it, show now, give us your body, move it, show now give us your body, you are getting you into the world of science Let's fight for it,log's escape and deloss is the grass. How do we do it, professor? Come back here and learn swimming, the vacuum is in your name.
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
Way the order makes me
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's dead too.
He's down too.
Hmm, so look at this.
He's done Kill me.
But he's not dead, but he's done.
But I still need to recognize some other commands.
I wanna follow Salma
I wanna follow Salma back to the situation
I wanna follow Salma
I wanna follow Salma
I wanna know who's gonna follow
Shoulda Salma all came to take you better on faster
Do you go ahead and faster?
We will not tire, we will not fall hurt, and we will not face
I wanna follow Salma
Want it? Dead or alive?
I wanna follow Salma
All I can tell you is that our son of Ben Lon is a prime suspect
The America wants him brought to justice
That's what we want
We're gonna find those who attacked our country
And we're gonna hold them accountable
The men and women who wear our uniforms
Move accountability and reservists and national guard people
Are ready to respond to the call of the commander and chief of the secretary of defense
Make no mistake about it
I want justice to get them runnin' and to find them and to hunt them down
But we're gonna smoke them out
The US military is ready to defend freedom at any cost
They used to put out there in the old west
Our water posters said wanted dead or alive
This is a fight to save to the freedom-loving people
The will we will not allow ourselves to be terrorized
Whether we bring our enemies to justice or bring justice to our enemies
Justice will be done
The entire world has seen for itself the state of our union
And it is strong
I wanna follow Salma
Make no mistake about it
I wanna follow Salma back to the parade
I wanna follow Salma back to the parade
I wanna follow Salma back to the parade
I wanna follow Salma back to the parade
Bye, bye, bye!
