That's the sign-out of the radio room.
We're ready to do the big game Sunday.
And we have to apologize to Neil for being late here.
You know what? It's Polk here for Smolk Neal.
I got to go to the big box and talk to him all day.
Have a great weekend. We'll see you Monday.
Thanks for listening.
The music's pressed on the previous program.
Oh, my God.
We'll have a couple hours from on that.
And you're not reflected from the music broadcast group.
It's staff advertisers for eight days.
Am I right?
Oh, what?
Right, huh?
You've got a phone back.
Come down.
Come down, dude.
Let's come over like that.
Super cold, baby.
Well, I'm also way flingable.
Oh, training all 5'16.
Punch me.
Am I having a full-time job?
Big kill.
They made PURD in the White House punch-up.
Right, baby.
You've grabbed PURD.
I bet you're one.
That's what I've checked.
PURD.
What is it?
PURD is a story.
PURD in the White House.
We have at least one.
Right, right.
If they're kindred of wrong.
She drives my viewer, guess she's three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with her no way.
I said I'd need her later today.
So I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain.
Oh, boy.
Waiting for the lollipaster to take me away.
I'm riding just sitting on a bench in the rain.
With my friends high.
Look at how I get tired to check my chains.
First and first, they always stay the same.
All that God and do together tells me to do.
The private high rates, she must be insane.
I'm just sitting here resting my bones.
One way, why my wife won't leave me alone.
We fought it over, but I never win.
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again.
Oh, so I sit on a bench in the rain.
Waiting for the lollipaster to take me away.
Oh, you just sitting on a bench in the rain.
With my friends high.
There it is.
It's about 10.
That's crazy.
I'll be in the rain.
I'll be in the rain.
I'll be in the rain.
I'll be in the rain.
I'll be in the rain.
Yeah, come back, Kenny.
Well, how about another couple of hours?
Okay, they were worried about two minutes.
I was getting a little bit concerned too, because I wonder what the hell I was going on over there.
But then on the other hand, don't look at gift horse in the air.
That's right.
I mean, if they want to take all the time, because I'm out of here one o'clock today,
and I'm going on vacation.
That's right.
Georgia will be on one today, one or two.
And we respect when there are more important things going on, like Super Bowl and Radio Row.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, row and a Super Bowl, baby.
And all those besides.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, sure.
Right.
In fact, this afternoon we got Mad Dog at Radio Row 2 to 3, and then we got the Mad Dog together with the Humper.
And the Lumpur between the three and six at Radio Row, and then Hank alone at Radio Row, 67.
After they have several meals, then we got the Big O rock solid at the Dan Reno party on Nicky Beach.
Excuse me, but I have, you know, I'm old, so what is Nicky Beach?
What is Nicky Beach?
Is that a person?
I believe it's a club or something like that.
Oh, I see.
Well, we're out of touch.
Okay, we don't know those hip-trendy, uh, great spots.
It's not on South Beach, though.
The Dan Reno party on Nicky Beach with the Big O 7 to 10, then the Super Bowl overdrive with Craig Misch from the Dan Reno party continues till midnight.
All right.
They're going to be doing party time.
In fact, the whole Super Bowl, not just the ballgame, it's a big party.
I am.
A series of powerful storms packing suspected tornadoes raked across Central Florida early the day, killing at least 14 people, and destroying homes.
The storms also walled in Volusia and Sumter counties, toppling trees and power lines sending tractor trailers corining off I-4.
The National Weather Service said tornado damage likely occurred in East Central, Florida, medium-odd just from National Weather Service head to the air to make a determination.
Some of the worst damage was reported in the town of Lady Lake in Lake County.
Lady Lake, do you ever hear of it? I never did.
I remember Lady Lake by the, um, who did that?
Lady, who did that?
Excuse me, I'm sorry.
I just treated a much better version.
Well, Mastery, what anything anybody else would have done a much better version in Bob Dylan.
He's good.
Not.
Oh, great writer, though.
Let's hear blowing in the wind.
And don't think twice, it's all right.
Don't think twice.
It's all right.
Mobile home parks in the area were hitting, including Sunshine Mobile Home Park in Lady Lake.
I just don't know where they lived.
Well, it's in Lake County.
Another near Spencer's Loop.
Oh, yeah.
Watch out for Spencer's Loop.
a distraught young woman said her friend a 17-year-old girl was killed in my
mobile home park I'm so sorry I really am she said anything she used to
wait for the bus with her every morning. Lady Lay, it's Bob Dylan, Columbia
Records, here's a man could he sing though he could write a little bit on
he looked at it oh boy, he can't complain about his singing talent because
quite frankly when it comes right down he didn't have to
do you tell me boy I've said I still got it hey Ricky Tickie I hope you heard that
talk off you could take lessons from me now once he hanging it up already
I don't know how much is I don't know I got this vacation starting just
afternoon starting at one o'clock and I just I don't know I just might not come
back you know what okay no I'm sitting here what did I tell you before the
show today I'm just had to reevaluate in my life I just I just have kind of
lost it the last couple of months you know what would you agree well I'm sure
you'll find it on vacation okay I hope so I'm just kind of lost touch with reality
I'm just off in a fantasy land and getting to be real pain in the ass my old age
I just got to come back to reality it'll be here waiting for you when you're
ready I beg your pardon reality it'll be here waiting oh you when you're ready
come back the entire Lady Lake area was out without power this morning the
Sheriff Department said the storm's toppled trees and power lines and tractor
trailer trucks co-reading off I for it wow the National Weather Service had
tornado damage likely occurred in East Central Florida the Lady Lake Assembly of
God Church was completely demolished Kevin Luhardt of the Lake County emergency
management told seein Lady Lady Lake Assembly of God Church flattened
they shot the tape there it is right there speaking in tongues didn't help them
the Lord works in mysterious ways and boy you get him pissed off you got
real tourists that's what he said he told me that's it you want to really piss me off
Nikki beaches the old pen rods on top beach oh well how do you like that even I know
what that is was we're still doing search and rescue he said Kevin on heart
yeah as Dave rake arrived the 30 searching for people maybe in need at least
14 dead and again of course forget about just the church getting flattened
and demolished but of course the whole deal with the tornadoes it's an act of
God blah blah yeah maybe Pat Robertson will have some reason my God is so pissed
off it has to do with no yeah we and other flags that's what it's all about I
think I hit the right button by mistake I pissed off the Lord yeah yeah has to be
with that okay let's oh I see I already got it not gonna do it again there's
just more on it but the same stuff same nasty stuff in fact CNN confirms at
least 14 killed I just got you saying that see how far ahead of them I am they
know what here's our poll from yesterday we had 1720 votes that's not too
shabby but the only reason we had that many is because for whatever reason Eric
Fed Eric didn't get around to put in last night's pollock have looking on
there and looking on it where is it Eric I'm looking over here and it was
none there hey they had tornadoes he might have gotten flattened I never thought
about that that was really this morning that wasn't last night he didn't he
didn't get flattened night shots I got news for if he got flattened what is the
gas song ever we assessed today and the village people in YNCA one hands down
your pants you're been 60 not even close macho man what are you sorry oh it's
my group of fingers from how he's just oh it's more than founder fingers you know
it macho man village people 242 so the village people had a clean sweep if you're
part of the expression when wake me up before you go go I went way this
several times this morning so I got to go I go go didn't went went to
away well you know what you're gonna be traveling on a long flight you just got
to get all out of your system and make sure that your insides are squeaky clean so
you know just the way it is weather girls it's raining man had 172 very man
low at the Copa 142 that was so bad when I got called in late in the show here
we had all these votes on the pool but I'm stupid you know village people in
the Navy 126 right said Fred I'm too sexy for my body 116 I hate this
pool 113 six and a half percent milk contents very upset tiny Tim oh I got
to hear a little bit tiny Tim and tip throw tip throw I'm trying to find that I
wonder if I did I beg your pardon I tried to find that I didn't have a copy of it
wait a minute maybe I have it under tiny Tim instead of oh yeah I do
I'm gonna play the whole thing it's not that long anyway um tips are in
suit 63 culture club karma comedian 51 well I don't understand what's gay
about the song I'm gonna read one over it yesterday because the band is gay
therefore yes the song is not having a gay right I don't have any
vibes from it and believe me I know my gay vibes trust me when I take it
with takes one to no one takes this old fan I'm coming out 43 Frankie
goes to Hollywood relax 26 Lou Reed take a walk in a while side 15 George
Michaels and Faith 15 anything with George Michaels especially at the
urinal at the end of the year he's dangerous in there 15 logs do it you think
I'm sexy absolutely no no chance 11 but a sexy is a fruit fly I full 65 and
blue dot that I can't believe you play they just I love that song nine and the
Kingston Lola 8 I mean I realized we put that on their late but it's only got
eight oh that's uh that must be a mistake maybe they can't relate I see to the
King's or maybe it's a little bit too kinky for this crowd just thinking about
it's Friday you bastard
he said he said that more has lost one of its most dynamic and influential
super star really dead really dead James Brown died early this morning in Atlanta
hospital he said he said playing in a box with a flower by his head he's not very
happy I think they're very younger a wife wants some of this bread everyone
already said farewell it's been over a month and you're starting to smell
but there's a people are in your will just why are you lying here still
lying in the living room you don't say a word I'm waiting for you to say I didn't
get on up man I'm twisted no one will bury me no one will bury me and I'm
starting to rock by the minute could you bury me this minute maybe no one
will bury me no one will bury me can you put me here in the ground by tomorrow
and I'm really starting to believe that you think it's
disposable
oh I mean the rest of that bit is really good too but we get to that part it just
really sends me you know it does something tickles my fancy as they say
you're fancy what anyway let's take a look at this poll and again Eric apologize
as profusely maybe the whole everything around him was like blowing in the
wind or something like like Bob Dylan would have said he didn't even know
anything about it to lie told him to lie to him that he was okay you mean
about the tornadoes well he's probably watching the news he's got a tune into
this show because we're so newsy you find out what's going on in the world
but when you tune into this damn show except what's happening down on Nikki
Beach because we don't know what that is I thought it was like a beach but
that's just the thing with a joint pen rods is now Nikki Beach wow I'm so
impressed anyway here's speaking of that the worst thing that out of town
Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is and boy we got a lot
of choices on here this is good in fact if I be to pull four times it'll be
one o'clock vacation time all right 578 votes on here the worst thing that
they can find out so many non-English speakers 169 an angry public baby no
spaghetti in glaze they want to move here 117 I don't I don't get it the
worst thing that they could discover is they want to move here in other words
we have too many people here already they don't want anybody else to live here
oh the quality of customer service 53 well you can't complain about that because
basically we don't have any our traffic congestion 45 our driver is 40 they're
driving crazy over here South Beach is only a few blocks 35 they think that
South Beach is what date is all about and maybe even groward and Palm Beach
country it's all like one big party place it's all one big a group of clubs and
plastic people and spastic plastic queens and stuff like that would love too much
jewelry but guess what South Beach is only a few blocks 35 our local politics
and politicians 26 you want you don't want to know from them believe me
niels callers 26 well I voted for that and I don't know why didn't get a lot
more votes they hear any of these callers although I will say this yesterday and
Wednesday for whatever reason most because I'm such a good guy must be because
I'm legendary that's up you think that's it the cost of living 25 see I mean the
cost of living they're not coming here to weather coming for the Super Bowl
they're not coming here like you know shack up or something all depending
who they're shacking up with or they say up I'm sorry our crime rate 15 our
local radio stations 12 especially the music stations oh god forbid don't
tune in those our overpriced wrist or on days nine
gators popping up on our yards five and our mosquitoes so meant the you know
5.83 and by the way if a gator this pop up in your yard don't run around and
stick your finger on its tail not a good idea okay oh come on now they like not
not a really good idea to be you know let's say what they say it's definitely
don't be sticking your finger on no gator tail not a good idea I mean it's
a lot of guys that like tail but that's not what they had in mind most of them
anyway dot Thompson writes boy I'm gonna be out of here in two shakes of a
lamestailers that expression again right at the end every time I say it you say
why did he say it and the answer is I haven't got any idea don't you I mean we
all do that you go through phrases where you say of course by the way I remember
a long time ago years ago I every time I started saying anything I say it by
the way I don't know why and it lasted for about you know a minute but why do we
do things like that I don't know anyway yes stuff like that no that's one of
the things people say yeah I don't anyway I don't know
dark Thompson I capital Hill Blue writes lies damn lies and George W.
I know yeah I don't know what that means oh push comes to show there's so
many stupid expressions that we can do a poll on that but we have my god we
have done that have one yeah push comes to show yeah push this and shove this
dog says one word will define forever they said in despicable legacy of
George W. Bush liar most politicians lie they call it spin or positioning or
situation analysis but evasion of truth becomes part of political life yet
lying is so engraved into the Bush administration that it's not impossible to
accept on face value anything the president or is a pointy say a congressional
budget before issued yesterday says the president gave the nation inaccurate
figures on both the cost and size of his flat truth surge in Iraq it'll cost
at least three times more and perhaps more the CBO said and requires many is
48,000 troops when you factor in support personnel Bush knew this when he
went before the cameras in January but he lowballed the numbers and caused
that's his style evade the truth shave the numbers and cook the books the
president lied out right in his rationale for invading Iraq as testimony unfolds
in the perjury trial of ice president Chinese former chief of staff scooter
liby we learned that cheney orchestrated campaign lies to discredit former
ambassador Joe Wilson because Wilson had the audacity to tell the truth about
the administration's fabricated tales of Iraqi attempts to buy uranium to
build a non-existent nuclear weapon for that nuclear I'm sorry with all the
respect your president nuclear illiterate we now know that shortly acted
nine eleven terrorists attacks the Bush administration ordered the EPA to lie
to residents of New York City about the air quality hazards from the collapse
of the world trade center towers this past week we learned that the
administration forced federal scientists to order reports to present a false
impression minimizing the effects of global warming
Bush promised to fire any White House staff member involved in leaking the name
of ambassador Wilson's wife a covert CIA operative testimony in the liby
trial shows cheney and Bush's political guru Carl Rowe played key roles in
the campaign to discredit Wilson and revealed his wife's name to several
reporters Bush can't fire cheney although it could demand his resignation he
hasn't he can fire Rowe he won't after the November midterm elections were
voters taunt the corrupt Republican leadership of Congress and said Bush
a clear message that they wanted change in Iraq
Bush promised to work with the new Congress and consider all options before
announcing any new Iraqi initiatives two months later he went before the
American public and not says troop surge a plan crafted without any consultation
with the new leadership on Capitol Hill and one that completely ignore the
recommendations of the Iraq study group once again Bush lied and just about
every time this man is lied too many Americans have died mark Twain once wrote
that there are three kinds of lies lies damn lies and statistics and these
trouble times we should amend Twain's writing to read lies damn lies in any
statements by the president of the United States with your buddy Doug Thompson
says on Capitol Hill Blue that let's just hope he doesn't disappear from the
days and you know just vanish into thin air to keep it on him there's nothing
worse than when people you like vanishing to thin air and Doug Thompson's
whenever very favorites man Capitol Hill Blue dot com he had to kind of like go
underground remember that for a way they were threatening him I do
remember that threatening his ass in the rest of the to give up the website
control of it to somebody old yeah right and then a whole bunch of
stuff like to come back and come on back and all out of the crap 596 votes on
the poll which is way below what it would be but then again now would it
Eric explained you how can we got this and nothing we he will have yeah and
he got home late and he changed it as soon as he can air not a problem man you
are the greatest that we appreciate everything that you do it's a labor of
love we understand that's just quit eating so much but never let's probably
get the parliament house again looking for some queens body's got that nice
wife and everything in the family and you know in a variety can't hurt never heard
him complain about his wife yet yet wait until himself 598 votes on that
pool I'm there just too many choices on the reader home and somebody also
armus ski does that read that the first time I guess I did read it but it just
in register with me to I was to do as you think about people grab an
alligators by the tail which is just not the brightest thing you could do
armus our skaters to well this isn't skater time is it no it is always skater
time for now but not like in the summertime when it's 145 to a shade you got
all that humidity and all that all the water is like oh man like an outdoor
septic tank like an outdoor swamp that's what it is it's a tropical swamp all
you people that came down for the Super Bowl what do you think it about huh
you can set the home in luxury and watch it on the your big screen TV for
quite a lot of HD with all your nose bleed tickets you're going to be sitting
50 miles away you're not going to see a dancing you have to pay for the
vernacular concession and then probably about 500 bucks to park but hey when
you look when you got the big bucks oh the governor is gonna have a news
conference surely Charlie Chris with the Olympus wrist fuck 12 Friday you bastards
don't run here we go no no don't run here we go no no no no no
you love me you love me you're a bottle with me so myself you may make you
what's through the growing through your future in Hillary
holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly ho
holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly holly ho
1032 at 560 WMQAM we got 613 votes under pull now you got to get to a thousand by two that one to two are better be heavy duty man when George comes
Oh, yeah, that was gonna go ape Schmidt. You'll see just wait till they go crazy
The ape that I prepared crazy is me but it's gonna go crazy
Anyway, here's the facts from Craig in not spelled Tennessee. How's it going Craig?
He says holy Schmidt granddad. You still got it. That's what they say. I'm legendary and probably I got too much of it
Since I listened to you from the Florida Panhandle in the early 90s. I recently found you online and
I can't read that one word there something about the legend material my brother
Well, what does that say?
I can't read the legend, huh? Let me proof it. Oh, it says still legend material. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes, my brother. See he's talking
No, you Tennessee and the other brother the addition of George completes the show. Thank for the laughs. It's Craig the last
Good chuckle on this show. Let me tell you right now. It's the laugh ride is what it is this story about Sabin
I thought we handled yesterday and we played the clip again about the
Coolness. All apparently it's big news now
Well, I know you know, I mean we also covered the moon and nights yesterday too. That was big news
But I don't I don't like rehashing too much. I am ignited. Noctis. Yeah
Profandity and Alex Marvez wrote this in the Sunson. I'm not gonna read it two pages and I'm not gonna waste my time
Just the first paragraph
Profandity and off-cover comment about Keygens by Nick Sabin that he thought would remain private to become public causing the former dolphins coach
To Ishin or apology Wednesday through the University of Alabama with a banjo on his knee
Well, whatever so you were telling me before the show that somebody was at a facts. We got
About the that word coolness that term. Yeah, what a oh, I got an email explain email explain
What it really is supposed to mean and I don't care what anybody says it's supposed to mean
It's just he's he is whatever he is right what it was supposed to mean
It's a Louisianaian whose parents weren't born in Louisiana. That's what the Keygens call a recent Louisiana in other words
A transplant a Louisianaian come lately is a coolness a coolness
I didn't hear the email said remember that Andrew Koonassen. I was in the trailer and my
Cajun a good as it used to be so I have to take their word for it. Yeah, it sounds pretty bogus to me
In fact, they say we probably sent the email when surprised me all the other like get off the hook for all time
So you know, I mean how you know pebble can't do it Nick Q a.m. Hello
Good morning, sir. How are you sir great?
I would just have one comment about Nick Sabin look it disguised a reporter who did the tape off the record or through the
Herald honey how they fired the feedie
But they keep the sports among head on the payroll even though he violated a crease of the journalism
Funny how the rules vary from reporter to reporter this guy's probably not fat and disgusting like Jim DeFetus
Well, but wouldn't you agree that if that's the case the feedie belongs in print in as far from a camera as possible
Yes, I would agree you've got a face and a body for newspapers. There's no question
Thanks, palmy. I would give a case sir. Thanks very much. Yeah, there's now see there's somebody nice
Let's see I got a couple my correspondence online. I said have a safe trip in a great vacation and here's one
It says ever you know you'd expect to be like 80 million people have a great trip to a Europe wherever you're going
You'll have a wonderful time and have a wild and woolly and whatever you know
Run our knees praying for you to get whatever you're looking for. Oh boy
I'm not going there. I'll tell you that my sure am I'm hoping you know
I always cross your fingers and hope for a miracle and once in a great while once in a blue moon
Now what does that mean to what what is another stupid expression? Oh, let's say a blue moon that how I know that would
I actually know well, please
Enlighten all of us very rarely there's a full moon twice in one month in the second one
It's called a blue moon for some reason really though. There you go. So we got that by the air
I think I heard it on parvy or some map. Huh? Huh? The moon
government also spoke with senator Martinez this morning
I don't know what language he speaks in. Oh, that was the end of that. We missed most of Charlie
Bristol and here's some of that guy looks a little like Jim DeFetus after losing 400 pounds, but in any rate
No, here's something more important than Alex Marvez again and rehashing that whole uh see
I don't care about Nick Saban, you know, he's he is what he is. He's garbage
He was garbage when he came in and he was garbage on the way out and he lied and all the other crap and didn't accomplish
You damn thing but but you ought to be getting used to that by now
How did you like these uh what you called the you want that era
See it out of sight out of mind. I almost forgot the wants that era
Puncts of Tony Pennsylvania. Here's another thing that's really stupid
But then again, we do a lot of stupid things. It's just for fun, you know
What's the big deal enjoy life? That's my message enjoy life right
Right, I know I sure plan on doing these next eight days
A new pair of hands pulled punct of Tony feel from his stump this year
So it was only fitting that the groundhog offered a new prediction
Filled in Nazi a shadow on Friday, which according to this today it seems to me
Which according to German folklore means folks can expect an early spring instead of six more weeks of winter
Of course, we haven't really had any winner here
But I think we had like two days that you call really winter had some cold days
But I'm talking about like snow and stuff in fact the frozen. There's almost yet to hunt for snow
Well, we had to turn the AC on again last night. So
So that's it for us. Oh
Baby
That's right record breaking temperatures. I believe this weekend am I right like 85 and it's only the two February wow
It's an outdoor swamp. Don't forget what I told you all you visitors
Are you silly people to decide to come to Florida? Oh, it's paradise. It's paradise somebody once said that
I work here no mo since 1886 philocene a shadow 96 times hasn't seen it 15 times and there were no records for nine years
According to the Punct of Tony Groundhog Club the last time Phil failed to see a shadow was in 1990 nine
Eight years ago boy, it's just I can't believe it 1999 was eight years ago. Oh brother
Where's the time going baby pretty soon they're gonna stick my fatal ass in the ground
You're in my right one of these days? What are you gonna say is my ass in the box and then those people out there
Gonna say you know he was pretty good guy, you know, I never told him that but he wasn't really off that bad
Talk when I'm alive. Okay. Don't wait till I'm dead and say boy. He was okay
He was a never stole a freight train. Tell me that when I'm alive make me feel like a you know
I'm legendary whatever don't tell me a thing
More than 15,000 revelers milled about in a misty snow waiting for the prediction his fireworks
Exploded overhead and the Pennsylvania polka and other music blared in the background. Oh, I love that
Oh, no, I love roll out the barrel not the pound even though what the Pennsylvania polka is don't you love roll out the barrel?
It's a great song. I may have one of those if you got roll out the barrel by Frankie Yankevick no less or he angst something
Sammy gainer 17th had she and her father first attendance ceremony about four years ago
Since then it's really been just with memories of things I do together with my dad
She said it just kind of fun seeing people wrote so crazy about a groundhog Richard gainers said a groundhog a hedgehog
What's the difference between a groundhog and a hedgehog you know these things?
Headhog has a spines like a porcupine very little ones nevertheless no groundhog does not
Groundhog's much bigger than a hedgehog even to George more his wild animals a small spiky mammal long time handler
Bill Deley retired was replaced today by punk satani groundhog club inner circle members John Griffiths and Ben Hughes
It's a lot of work
But it's saying to know your part of one the most phenomenal parts of American folklore
He was said well I tell you when some rodent comes crawling out of the ground
If that's one of the most phenomenal parts of American folklore America's in deep trouble
Such as that Nazi George W. Bush and a bunch of neo-con lunatics
Each February the two thousands of people to send on punk satani a town of
6100 people about 65 miles north east of Pittsburgh to celebrate what had essentially been a German superstition a
Tremend superstition you love those bratwurst baby. Let me tell you right now. Mm-mm. Off to the river
Wow
I'm getting emotional just thinking about it the Germans believe that if a hibernating animal can't stay shadow February 2 the Christian holiday of
Candle moths
What is that candle moths? Oh, it's a holiday. I'll see you
Winterwood last another six weeks if no shadow was seen legend said spring would come early
Rick Muffer and that's called a premature evaluation of the weather if spring comes early
Rick Muffer and administrator at Indiana University of Pennsylvania some 30 miles away
Walked the whole way to the ceremony to celebrate his 60th birthday and raised money for breast cancer research
He said he was skeptical of the ground house prediction
It's supposed to get bitter cold this weekend. It said in fact
It is going to get bitter cold here in a Toronto to this weekend and I'm out of here this afternoon before kids bitter cold
Which is really good. I just checked the forecast for where I'm going and it's going to be toasty
Like in the mid 40s for the next few days
It's going to be sunny and toasted. It is going to be a wonderful time
For uh do whatever I'm going to be doing. Well, of course. It's always a good time for that
Friday you
Best dude wait and taking her this you won't even have any idea
And you can have an have you
Remember this?
It's not too scum
You say everything twice
We're trying to kill another doom
Yes
And it's just fine because he's having enough wine to be able to face today's news
All of the meal has a marvelous meal. It's enough to feed the army of friends
While suds and rick just laughed themselves sick because they're watching crazy Marvin stuff the food on his pants at the
I
Like the tree
Oh the wonderful
I love the tree
Huh nothing here is ever quite what it seems at the wonderful
Oh
Jerry has fun as he's clean and has gone alone at night with his memories
But
Poor king
By a call
And he might as well talk to the trees
Larry has a dead she hasn't paid back yet
You pick up some tails at the track
And Alex they say he's on the dock of a bay
And he hasn't got a compass and he can't come back to the other
The
The
Wonderful
Listen to that organ man
I have a story
And I don't know why it's great
Long
We got traffic in front and sub-units line every day the dirty deer is
It
Will be
I
S
41
On that
Fateful day
The
Marines on
I'm
Here
And the tracks a little muddy but they're high and dry
The
High
The
Wonderful
The panic is
Manic in the corporate
Scenes of the wonderful
The
Dreams
Ah
I'm getting emotional it just
Are you devoting your entire life to this?
No way
No way
He's an O-jop from Alcatraz
I'm going to jump out of that bay
I'm going to jump
More gathered isn't that the art of Japanese people?
Oh
I can't
I can't
I hate to save this because I can't read my mind
Jump out of the woman
I said it's okay, not on the way
Madam, get past
Jump your mouth out
It's the most cases that I've ever heard my life
Well, it's just a good gladler
I have worked in radio sales and management for a number of years
Really?
It's a good living because of the as many questions as a permanent
Wow
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on W out of the
Skylar and that is the island of dreams I don't think I ever play that before
Oh, oh you did W-I-O-D
Oh I hate that station
Wait a minute I did
So here's the story
Let me try to get through quickly
Jim Skylar calls me one day and he says I got this bit that wrote for Neil
But I don't have the ability to record it onto something else
It's in my mixer
I've got digital recording in the mixer and it's in there
I need to bring the mixer in and it wasn't a small device either
I need to bring the mixer in and have you record it
into something from the mixer directly and I said no problem we can do that
Now how long do you think it would have taken once we got everything connected and the level check and everything
Because the bit's what like three minutes long or something?
3.48
How long do you think it would have taken to dub that from one contraption into another?
I have no idea I mean I mean I mean I think it's 3.48
You think that you know you can 5 minutes
Okay that's what I thought it would have taken
It took an hour and 5 minutes
And why was that?
Because every time that we dubbed it in there it wasn't good enough for him
Because he was kind of mixing and tweaking and equalizing
I mean it's that organ as it was jumping
It sounds like an underwater organ
And like all those other sound effects
All those with clips and everything
Yeah he's kind of bringing them up and down as the thing is getting dubbed in there
And every time we would do it I'd say
Okay that's great Jim I'll see you later I got some other work to do
Oh no it's not good enough
It's not good enough we got to do it again
And we really have done it 20 times while I sat there just blood coming out of my eyes
Arm flapping spaz
Jim Scott that's why he's saying that it's crazy person
He is a crazy person
It was an insane scene and you remember that tiny little production room that we had over at iodea was like the size of a shower stall
Yeah that's where we were
Practically sitting on top of each other and he's going over and over and over again
So I practically had that thing memorized by the time we were done
Oh here it is I love this
Speaking of Jim Scott
Eric when I grow up I want to be
Just like Jim Skyland with a $30 key for a key
But good man I wouldn't need to file a little fancy death or a computer
A microphone and payback will do
Even a sliver like coconut Brian has better equipment but even sound
Oh when I grow up I want to be just like Jim Skyler
Then I wouldn't have to spend my day
Here comes my cell phone
I wouldn't have to spend my day
I think that sounds just fine
And he vanished sir
I guess I mean well I think he's up in north florida west palm somewhere mid-sensory
West Palm and some word all of a sudden boy
North of here has very much for some of those on Hollywood
West North of here is what I meant to say
North of us somewhere in the middle of the city
He did some funny stuff
He was crazy but you know you got to be pretty
Speaking of crazy facts
Here's that email you got this email
No that came separately
Somebody sent me a very nice cartoon
Starting Jack Horkheimer explaining the blue moon
The only problem is you can't read it because it's a facts and it's all blotchy and dark and illegitimate
Would you call this Horkheimer Facts?
Blotchy and dark
You know your facts mister
Anyway this says George for information say he's spelled you name wrong but they got a RuneS spelled right I guess
It says KuneS is a controversial term in the cage in lexicon
This is what Nick Sabin said the other day that everybody got him all whipped up about it
You know the fact that he's a liar in an A hole and a loser that's beside the point
It's a controversial term in the cage in lexicon
To some cages it is regarded as the supreme ethnic slurr
Meaning ignorant backwards cage in
To others the term is a badger pride
Much like the word Chicano is from Mexican Americans
It's South Louisiana for example
One can often see bumper stickers reading warning KuneS on board
Or registered KuneS both of which generally depict a raccoon's backside
Raccoon! That's it
The words origin is unclear
Folk etymology claims that KuneS states back from WDW2 when Cajun G.I. serving in France were derided by native French speakers as KuneS
Or a KuneS A
French word meaning dirty horror or idiot
Oh that sounds out to good
Non-S the French speaking American G.I. is allegedly overheard the expression converted to the English KuneS and introduced the term back in the USA
There is supposedly soon caught on as a derisive term among non-cajuns who encountered many cages in the Gulf Coast oil fields
It is now known however that KuneS predated the arrival of Cajun G.I. in France during WDW2 which undermines the Conace theory
I see
Indeed folkloreist Barry Jean Ancelet has long rejected the theory calling it Chiqui linguistics at best
He has suggested that the word originated in the South Louisiana and that derived from the belief that Cajuns frequently ate raccoons
I see
He also proposed that the term contains a negative racial connotation
namely that Cajuns were beneath or under blacks or coons as blacks were often called by racists
No, despite efforts by Cajun activists like James Domazzo and Warren A.Pare to stamp out the term Zeus
But I love the way I pronounce that and I believe it's right Domazzo with an EA-US on the end
Very good, thank you
That's why I'm legendary
KuneS continues to circulate in South Louisiana and beyond
They put the lose in Louisiana
It's acceptability among the general public however tends to vary according to circumstances
And often depends on who says it and with what intention? Cajuns who dislike the term have been known to correct well-many outsiders who use the effort that
And I don't know what that means at the end it says when crumping is still better than breaking what what does that mean?
It's an argument I was having with the facts are obviously at some point
What is crumping?
Oh, you got to live it to believe it
Well, it's a style of dancing
Oh, I don't want to know about it
Of course
Okay, an old toad like me don't need nobody knows styles of dancing or about Nikki Beech or any of this other
Hit pop, a hop-a-long casualty, all that stuff
How are we doing on the pool?
Why too bad Eric got you, you know, you're never going to make the thousand
And then Joe Bell is going to say, well if we do run a tape with you got it
Mm-hmm
Six hundred...
Of course it's kind of hard to read the poll result and promote the poll on a stupid ass tape
But he's all whipped up about those tapes maybe Joe's got tapeworm
Maybe that's why he's such a fat ass
Six hundred eighty one votes on the poll
Do I have time to read it that goes on forever?
A lot of long stuff today to kill out two more hours
The worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is
So many non-English speakers to oh six no speaking English glaze
A key
They want to move here one thirty four the quality of customer service sixty four our traffic congestion fifty four our driver's fifty
South Beech is just a few blocks forty two I didn't know how much
Niels Collars twenty nine our local politics and politicians twenty eight the cost of living twenty seven our crime rate eighteen
Our local radio stations boy the most of the suck fourteen our overpriced restaurants nine
Gators popping up in our yards that we grabbed their table their path from five and our mosquitoes
Solimente trace only three
Six hundred eighty one you got a shot at something on this is a good email by the way or whatever the good facts
About Koonass and K. Johns and all
This is the Niels Roger show
This is your brain
No
Any questions
Screw you
This is the story of a coach named Nick Saving
He is the guy who just featured in the doffin
Seems he doesn't care what other people might call him
He sunk another nail into the doffins coffin
It didn't take long on Nick to decide
He was gonna leave and coats of crimson's eye
Whenever he was asked about it he always lied
When we watched Nick take the money and run
Go on take the money and run
So long take the money and run
Go on take the money and run
So long take the money and run
No longer on the sidelines in that stupid hat
He quit the team and now they're feeling so glad
I wonder what Wayne Heisen go really things of that
The doffins are sinking ship and Nick is a rat
Every excuse Nick gives for leaving sounds lame
A whole lot of money to coach football games
Boy and if it was you you know that you do the same
I guess that's why Nick doesn't feel any shame
Go on take the money and run
Absolutely
So long take the money and run
Go on take the money and run
So long take the money and run
Stay screw you off
Go on take the money and run
When I hit him like poison and something
What up baby that Nick saved him with all that
So cool and stuff and even before the cool and stuff
They hit him anyway
So that was just a frosting on the cake
That was just taking a ship and giving him a stills in the back
Like here you go
We knew you were a piece of crap in the first place
Miami native Chad Johnson is superstar wide receiver for the Cincinnati bangles
Has been questioned in the murder investigation of a Brownsville man
How do you like that?
Okay
Must be a mistake don't you think?
Let's be
Miami homicide detectives this weekend of you since in any Bangles star receiver Chad Johnson
As part of an investigation of the shooting death of a 27 year old man in Brownsville
Please confirm yesterday because of the ongoing probe of them
Police declined to discuss what Johnson spoke about or what his connection to the investigation may be
Detectives are investigating the murder of Curtis Tavari's Dopson
Shacted up January 26th near the doorway of his duplex 4522 Northwest 13th Avenue
Johnson and Miami native who graduated from Miami Beach High
And played college football over gun state has been a visible part of the pre-superbowl festivities
Last night Johnson judged an end zone dance competition on South Beach
Or everybody's on South Beach it's a party and it's a murder
And I'm to rush hustle them away from fans waiting on a lot of autographs
He wouldn't speak to a reporter westam about Dopson
One honor wise member waggle this finger don't do that
Johnson spoke with detectives Monday night at Miami police headquarters without an attorney
Not a good idea
In any investigation of this magnitude you have to talk to everybody no matter how seemingly insignificant they may or may not be
Said by me detected Delridge Moss, H. spokesman how Johnson's name surfaces in the investigation was unclear yesterday
However he was acquainted with Johnson the same man's family said
Dopson Johnson knew him from round the hood said his mother Sylvia Dopson
A father or four Dopson had moved into a duplex about four months earlier Dopson was graduated with a Jackson of High who worked various construction jobs
Dopson had two founding convictions what we don't care about Dopson
Do we just care about Chad Johnson and your Johnson that's what we care about
Do you care about I bet George cares about it because it has to with athletics
And George as you know is a big athletic supporter
Oh yeah
Oh man
Oh this Paul Krugman I may I may shed a tear during this missing mommy Ivan
Oh okay
She was so great she was such a sweetheart and so I mean she was right on and she had the guts the Courage of her convictions and she ripped the bush and asked and she wrote that shrub stuff etc
I may shed a tear
Paul Krugman writes missing Molly Ivens
Molly Ivens the Texas columnist out of breast cancer on Wednesday I first met her more than three years ago when our book tours crossed
She wasn't she wrote a card caring member the great liberal backlash in 2003
What is wrong with me?
What are they half-dozen or so writers now slumping around the country promoting books that don't speak kind of the of our leader's record
I can't claim to have known her well Paul says but I spent enough time with her and paid enough attention to her work to know that obituaries that mostly stress her citric or gets missed the main point
Yes, she liked to poke fun at the powerful was very good at it but her satire was only the means to an end holding the powerful accountable
She explained her philosophy they stinging 95 article in Mother Jones magazine about Russia Limbaugh
Who by the way has been nominated for an upheld prize we'll get to that in a minute did you hear that?
I heard you say it oh you're just gonna plot when you hear that anyway can I get back to it
She explained her philosophy in a stinging 95 article in Mother Jones magazine about Russia Limbaugh
satire has historically been the weapon of powerless people aimed at the powerful she wrote when you satire against powerless people it's like kicking a cripple
Molly never lost sight of her to eternal truth rulers lie and at times when people are most afraid of challenge authority
also the times when it's most important to do just that and the fact that she remembered these truths explains something I haven't seen pointed out any of the tributes
Her extraordinary pressions on the central political issue of our time I've been going through Molly's columns from 2002 and 3
The period when most of the wise men of the press cheered our as our leader took us to war on false pretenses
Then dismissed as bush haters anyone who complained about the absence of those WMD or warned that the victory celebrations were premature
Here are a few solutions
November 19th 2002 the greatest risk for us in invading Iraq is probably not worth self so much as what happens after we win
There's a bad degree of Trump elism loosened the country right now
January 16th 2003 she wrote I assume we can defeat who say about great cost to our side
God forgive me if that is hubris the problem is that what happens what happens after we win the country is 20% crude
20% Sunni and 60% Shia can you say horrible three way civil war
July 14th 2003 I oppose the war in Iraq because I thought it would lead to the peace from hell but I rather not see my prediction come true
And I don't think we have much time left to have heard it that the occupation is going well as apparent to everyone but Rumsfeld
We don't need people with credentials as right-wing ideologues and corporate privatizers we need people to know how to fix water and power plants
October 17 2003 good thing we won the war because the peace rule looks like a quagmire
I've got an even money betchy wrote that says more Americans will be killed in the peace than in the war and more racquies will be killed by Americans in the peace than in the war
Not the first time I've had a bet that I hooked I lose
So Molly Evans who didn't mingle with the great and famous didn't have sources high in the administration never claimed special expertise on national security of the Middle East
Got almost everything right meanwhile how do those who did have all the credentials do with very few exceptions they got everything wrong
They bought the obviously cooked case for the war or found their own reasons to endorse the invasion
They didn't see the following the venture which was almost as obvious in prospect as it was the benefit of hindsight
And they took years to realize that everything we were being told about progress in Iraq was a lie
Just like Doug Thompson said a big fat bald faced lie
Was Molly smarter than all the experts? No she was just braver
The administration's exploitation of 9-11 created an environment which had took a lot of courage to see and say the obvious
Molly had that courage not enough others can say the same and it's not over
Many of those who failed the big test in 2002 and 2003 are not making excuses for the surge
Meanwhile the same techniques of allocation and you end up that were used to promote war the rack are being used to ration up tensions with Iran
Now more than ever we need people who will stand up against the follies and lies of the powerful and Molly Evans who devoted her life to questioning authority will be sorely missed
Amen Christ fall for our men
She died was he yesterday she died to the day before 62 cancer breast cancer
Day before thing
Ralph's really ashamed but you know what they say the good people we always died the good people by an evil people they live on forever
Forever until there are 150 men the evil doers like Papa Bush for example there you go
Remember Papa Uma Ma while I think he's kin to Papa Bush sure I think I have it
Look at that the Veluzia County Sheriff's office was pretty much destroyed with a big blow this morning where he said tornado
There we go now let's see if I can if I can come up with you did Papa do my mom I have no idea the ribbing
Tons is that it oh yes now I know why I'm called bless you okay now I know why I'm such a famous battle queen man the ribbing
Tons how many sluckers out on this day okay that's enough of that Papa Uma how many people you could go in day land right now and tap them on the shoulder
And have your little cassette recorder there or your little portable CD player and play that Papa Uma Ma
I say who recorded this how many people in the universe could possibly tell you the freaking ribbing Tons probably me and maybe chicken heck if he was lucky
Ever she did what maybe I do it maybe baby by a buddy Holly remember that maybe baby he was round no buddy Holly was highly overrated yes but not the legend
Oh God am I a fool or what 721 votes on the pole the worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South 40 is so many non-English speakers 220
They want to move here 142 the quality of customer service 68 our driver is 55 our traffic congestion 54 South Beach is only a few blocks
It's just a few blocks the rest of the place is like a toilet South Beach 42 plus is a bunch of plastic queens down here with about 40 pounds of jewelry around their neck
I got to be honest I haven't been on South Beach in just years and years neither in a coolness is a I don't know the hurry to go back
Neal's car is 31 and of course those who are visiting this week haven't had the pleasure they just pleasure hearing what we usually get
Our local pie they won't either because I only got an hour and 49 minutes not that I'm counting
Our local politics and politicians in 29 the cross-deliving 29 our local radio stations of fair 17 fat as they say in Norway our crime rate 16 our over-priced restaurants 10
Gators popping up in our yards do not I'm telling you don't put your off hand on the back of the gators tail do it oh geez don't want it they like it yeah
Right Gators popping up in our ads 5 and armistice it was 3 out of 721 you got to shout it I don't know something maybe I'll leave early
Now that thing about Molly Arbonds I was really very sad just breaks my heart because there's so few people with any guts and of course right from the very beginning of this when I was screaming it's all about oil and money that's all it's all about they're going to stick the chew of course how to that workout yeah I was really good oh yeah the oil is going to pay for the war right that's correct not
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM you were still
looking for love and the accepted way with somebody's pictures stolen from my space
Oh we were down in my eyes on a fake profile
I'm
I'm
I could be good looking or a bad every a by your game or maybe just
strange look at all my go look at friends that I've got so far
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
Don't step on another at the end let it 19 at 560 WQAM what is this cartoon you sent me oh it's
Stargazing with Miss Jack Orkheimer how she you right that's the cartoon that somebody tried to facts and so they just sent me the link and I printed it
Up off the computer here so you can actually read it all about blue moon is this answer to blue moon yeah if you wish how it started
Let me tell you right now there's only one moon that I like better than blue moon. That's the one
Trust me what I tell you or not as the case may be I don't that's another thing what what does that mean trust me when I tell you
I even write that in email
That's one of your things
It's one of my things you never always said
Of course I have no but you you use it frequently and never the ones well why do I use it frequently?
I don't know or or or another one
I'll use not too often because it's really stupid
I'll be honest with you what which implies that everything else you're saying is a big fat freaking lie
But I'll be honest with it this one time it would be like if Greg reads it you know we say a lot of things he did say
I'll be honest with that wouldn't believe it anyways
It's a filler it's a verbal filler is that what it is sure verbal filler to fill in yeah I see I mean nothing
Blue moon green cheese
I mean it's hard it's hard to read a cartoon on you no no don't
Artune your old edificate now is the cartoons of oh I see the cartoon is a picture of Miss Hawkeye when she's holding a finger up in the
ear look at that one
She's standing under the moon at smile
Blue moon here we go the Marcel
All right yes you're
See there you go night one time the charges if you know you've got to get the year
Oh 58
No
16 16
16 word
All right so what's the point about this
Then just uh whatever reading his fellow star Jesus is miss or camera
It's become common knowledge that the blue moon is the second full moon any one month that it happens about once every
2.72 years oh on the wonder I'm not familiar with that blue moon I must miss out on those at 2.72 years
But that's not what I want to talk to you about says miss or a camera you see the real blue moon is thought to derive from
Common language expressions used well over 400 years ago boys this show education or what no wonder I'm freaking so much
You remember that from your teenage years 400 years ago
Yeah
Oh, you know seriously of all the things you know when you talk about regrets of all the things in my life
That I regret if I had to do over again if I could live like from the age of say 14 to 30
14 to
Overgrain through out of the closet
We just you wouldn't see me and I'd be so busy that I would probably be in and 24 or 7 and oxygen tank
Long ago senses included references to blue moon or moon made of green cheese meant that there was obvious absurdity at hand
He thinks the moon is blue or she talks as if the moon were made of green cheese or a little green man on the moon
We've heard that too about the men in the moon
Right the moon man or the moononites
I really need to know
Those guys are gonna fry I think we're gonna use the same rope we hung outside of them
They're by heroes of the moment they are too even the guy with a rust a lot of money. She hasn't lost that stuff
And oh really bad to me it talked about hair and dip it in your likes hair like that
No, I can't stand makes me gag
Eventually these two moon phrases about to the second mean that I've never I tell you the ship will return when moon turns blue
Was like saying that it would happen on the 12th of never or simply never I bet you'd have that the 12th of never by Johnny
mattress speaking of the African queen
If you bet the 12th of never on Columbia records no less
He's looking looking looking looking
Johnny mattress come on you can do it. No, no. Oh, what a shame. I mean I got some Johnny mattress. Well, what do you got chances are you got that
I got this I have no idea what that is
I don't want to do I have no idea what it is. I don't want to hear it's not it's not a big deal. What is it?
What do I do
That's not oh yeah, I know what that is. Okay, that's not Johnny mattress
Oh getting back to this the moon can actually turn blue especially after major volcanic eruptions and forest fires
The smoky particles and gases left in the sky can be of just the right size to scatter away red light leaving its excess of blue light
Blue moons were seen for two years after the 1803 crack 10 exp eruption in Indonesia
Crack a tan crack a towel. I think it's over. What is it crack a toe crack a toa yeah like if you don't watch me
You know is crack a toa
Well, if you walk into a wall man, it's a good way to crack a toe crack a towel and miss
What's your name? Horkheimer says of course these events have only once in a blue moon to catch me
Have to keep looking up and there's the moon over his head moon over Miami
It's my big smile on its push and there's miss Horkheimer standing there looking like a real silly girl
She's still alive. I'm a sword timer. She couldn't be a day of our 100th. How old she
Last time I last time I had around my show. I told you I just about froze her out of the studio
And he would never come back on my show again
He's that all the time talk about you know star gazing and all of this all of those
all of these stories are about gazing
Star gazing yeah, are you starting to pick on miss Horkheimer now that's a good guy
He's a good guy
Here's a really nice fact. He'd this you know something seriously
In the last 25 minutes
I get this facts and I had a nice email message on my blackberry here
I'm ready to just smile like the moon man right there in that picture
I am
Exactly just like that whatever that means I am this is a nice send-off or one I can tell already this vacation is gonna be a lot better
And I'm telling you to fold that up and put it in your pocket so that it's a blackberry no the little facts that you got
So if the plane does start to you know
You can pull the paper out and read it and you can't use your blackberry on the plane
So I can't like wish anybody could buy hey, it's been nice. Good luck. But not it's not gonna happen
Although I've had a couple of flights man where I thought okay. This has been really nice been a nice life
But you know we've all I guess if you fly a lot we've all had those but
It says as you give this is a nice fact is you're getting set to leave on vacation and before the plane may go down
Neal you are a good guy a legend now isn't that sweet?
That is
Jesus people are actually being nice to me this half hour. I mean probably last 11 30
But that's really nice almost brings a tear to my eye just like that Molly Ivan's
I don't know why I was getting so emotional about that Molly Ivan's thing by Paul Kirtman. It's just I don't know
I yeah, it wouldn't have got so emotional
But remember yesterday we were watching and they showed the clips are her on CNN
Yes, and that's when you start getting emotional about somebody that you liked and then you see him on there and then like oh they're dead
Geez see that's another reason not to go that's all advice all you punks out there
Don't get old because then all the people that you liked and you admired and you were friends with they all die
You know and you're still around which I guess is better than the alternative though
You know like you died and I'm saying oh gee I sure miss you, but whatever
It's just the way the Lord makes you know. He works in mysterious ways and he's a miserable hateful son of a bitch to the Lord
You know that?
You
oh
Oh
Or
It means you're on the head, just like no gifts on.
Everybody's in rehab.
Cover their old ass.
If you just threw one chance, you're smoked a little grass.
You don't need to go to rehab.
We're making racial slurs.
Or if you're underwear happens to be her.
Rehats down for a toss in or something you need to spin.
Rehats down for a booby squeeze for a foot in hot to sink.
You don't need to go to rehab.
Just apologize and control your ego.
So what do you think you think you're making the next day we need to go to rehab?
And of course, Senator Makaka with the Makaka and with the cage here.
What is it?
Koon ass and all this other stuff.
Oh, no.
You better be real careful what you say in American man.
Because unless you're politically correct, they're going to come and get your Koon ass.
I'm telling you that right now or any other kind of ass you got.
Whatever you got, they're going to come and get it.
Not that I'm defending either.
One of those goofballs, especially Georgia, and what a bigoted.
Well, you know, he's a adjooling Yahoo is what he is.
Is there any other kind of excuse?
I've redundant.
Julie Yahoo.
Is there any other kind of a Yahoo?
No.
They're all july.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is that voice that says you like it?
Yeah.
Where's that from?
Do you like it?
Do you like it?
That's a that docker Brian bear with the Brian Wilson, but he does.
It's chicken neck, bokeh Brian.
You play the chopping sound for me?
Oh, yeah.
Are you there yet?
Do you want to play it again?
Yeah.
How many times can I let you go back here?
I mean, the day before, the day of vacation.
With me, it starts about a week before, you know, about a week before vacation and promote.
Oh, no question.
My mind isn't really on this show.
I mean, I don't want to like apologize because I'm doing a fine job here.
If you ask me, I'll tell you.
Yeah, I'm doing a great job.
But my mind is all over the place, you know, especially like I'm getting on the plane and I'm going to play in the lands, you know, and you're white.
You get in the cab and you go to your nice five star hotel and then you walk out and you see all these beautiful people and just waiting after years.
And I'm going to play the course and controversial.
You think of it, right?
Beach Boy, Brian.
I'm going to have a fantastic, I need to ring out to you.
He's the collection of his latest composition.
Thanks for granting us this interview, Brian.
Brian, do you have any idea how he tarted you sound?
Let's do it now.
Show you what I mean.
Here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beach Boy recording session.
Hey, man.
Did you like it?
Yeah.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
Man, okay.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, listen.
Do you like it?
Oh, that's very nice, Brian.
Do you like it?
It's a little hard to dance, too.
Do you like it?
Yeah, very nice, Brian.
The Brian Wilson collection of burned out compositions.
Do you like it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Master Kathy available now on eBay.
Do you like it?
Well, I've got to be going it.
Do you like it?
Oh, wait, let me also ask you this.
Do you like it?
Yeah, a little, a little, a variation on the theme.
So that's what that came from.
And it gave us an excuse to play that and kill another minute and a half, the Brian Wilson bit.
Germany charges CIA agents with kidnapping.
Will the Democratic Congress make our constitution whole again?
That's what they W of course.
My Walden Berger in the smircling chimp.
He said, Germany's become the second European country to wish you a rest warrants for CIA agents
involving kidnapping terrorism suspects.
For transportation to third countries where these suspects are abused and often tortured, tortured.
Abu Gharr, German citizen Khaled Al-Mazir was snatched from the German border, flown to Afghanistan,
where he was beaten and tortured, and was then dumped in Albania five months later after the CIA realized they had kidnapped an innocent man.
Last year, Italy charged 23 CIA agents with a kidnapping of a Muslim cleric from the streets of Milano,
possibly with an authorized help of Italy's top intelligence agency.
Hassan Mustafa Ossam Al-Mazir was then sent to Egypt where he remains in prison amid the allegations that he too was tortured.
The case was killed by an appointee of Bush ally Sylvia Berlusconi, but revived under Berlusconi's successor.
Speaking of crook, Sylvia Berlusconi.
Neither of the Germans nor the attendants expecting the CIA agents to surrender or to travel the countries within the EU
where they might be attempted to arrest next tradition, but prosecutors in both countries want to send a belated message
that the CIA no longer has an unlimited license to kidnapped and transship suspects from and through EU territory.
As is traditional for US officials when confronted with having invaded the wrong country or killed or tortured innocent people, the US is refused to make amends.
US officials haven't publicly admitted any go to responsibility.
In December 2005, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, that's the one that the Bush came up from behind to put his hands on her shoulders.
Remember that? And really spooky?
If you said US Secretary said condom leads a rice acknowledge in a meeting in Berlin of all places, and Moshe had been erroneously taken, but US diplomats denied she had done so.
A year later when Espat reporter Washington, whether the US owed Moshe an apology, rice declined to offer one.
We've tried to deal with this case in a way that is responsible and you know that's all going to say about it.
Of course, condom leads a right.
We've tried to deal with this case in a way that's responsible, but you pretty much blew that opportunity when you gave the CIA free reign to snatch people off the street and torture or kill them.
Now Moshe is not the only such victim. Canadian citizens mayor Error was arrested by US authorities in Census Syria, where he was tortured before being repatriated to Canada and cleared of any terrorist ties.
The Canadian government, propered an official apology and a multi-million dollar settlement.
The US government blamed Syria for reneging on its goodest gold promise not to torture Error, and it's kept him on the US no fly and terrorist watchlist.
And let me tell you, they're still pretty peeled and porced off about it here.
The Senate is investigating the Error Madder, but unfortunately one of the senators involved is Republican Arlen Specter, whose practice is to top top and fold early when confronted with administration atrocities.
Although Specter is no longer in a position to impose his bluff and fool tactics upon the entire Senate Judiciary Committee, he still apparently enjoys the confidence that Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy is replaced by the Minister's Committee's chair.
No one outside the Bush administration is any way of knowing exactly how many people the CIA has kidnapped and how many of those were tortured to kill while in custody and how many of those, how many in addition to El Moshe were victims of mistaken identity or dimestore intelligence.
Given the large number of Guantanamo prisoners have been released for lack of any evidence that they were involved in any anti-US activities, the chances seem good that the two innocent men we know about are not isolated mistakes.
Given the administration's insistence on immunizing U.S. personnel against charges of war crimes and human rights violations of U.S. law, something Specter fredded about and then supported, the chances seem even better sooner or later one of those mistakes will have his day in court.
So here we are, proud organs of a country that thinks nothing, preventing and refining practices championed by the Soviets, commoners chime in other bastions of light and democracy.
We own a country that can't afford to take responsibility for mistakes, lest it be forced to take responsibility for what it's done deliberately.
Here's a suggestion for senators Leahy and Specter, introduce legislation to repeal the Military Commission's act and strip the Bush administration and its fact totems of immunity for whatever violations of the Geneva Convention and U.S. law they may have committed.
Introduce legislation to explicitly outlaw the outsourcing of torture to countries that are in theory less scrupulous than the U.S.
Introduce legislation explicitly guaranteeing the right of habeas corporate slave when detained or arrested by any U.S. agency.
Stop worrying about whether or not the U.S. had caused a ship, mayor, arou or colored al-Mazvi off the Syria or Afghanistan to be tortured and start worrying about whether or not the U.S. has any business shipping anyone anywhere to be tortured.
Don't let Albertovansolous spank you like his private monkey when you ask him for information about what constitutional perversions he's authorized.
In fact, don't ask him at all, tell him to give it up or face his subpoena.
The U.S. is engaged in practices that should land us on our own list of human rights violators, if that's acceptable to the Democratic Congress, spell it out.
So we can vote for people with less flexible moral compasses if that isn't acceptable, put it in writing.
Stand up for this country in its constitution or get the hell out of the way. Says well then burger.
I wonder if he's kind of a Hamilton burger from Perry Mason, remember that? Of course you do.
I do.
Who died of lung cancer because he was smoking. Don't smoke, baby. That's what George says. Don't smoke.
Try the ye bastard.
Yes.
Yes, sir. Yes.
I wanted to talk to you about the biggest about war and boats that you talked about earlier about what?
Biggest cars and boats.
Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm down for a deep breath.
I'm not a bad guy.
But it's a regulator by the United States Corps of Engineers. You got to do that.
Well, it is all bridges over navigable waterways.
If I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking.
But I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay. Well, all I'm saying, sir, is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways.
Over one?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir. Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the times.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's that wish our times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for you.
I am absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
That is not a communist bunch of crap, sir.
Sounds like some kind of the end of the thought. That's just Tommy Pico, uh,
you got five bills to one boat.
Wait, exactly.
And the boat is going to stop for five thousand cars?
Is that it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jack as in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know you're a lawist, Mr. because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the damn bridges closed to both sides of the gunnerhood and two.
I want the bridges closed period.
Okay, I want them closed.
I want the bridge tentative to go home and watch an MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the junior tunnel, okay?
You know, I'm not a man.
I think they ought to go out on a George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic.
Amen.
You're probably shot that I played that today, right?
I'm shocked that you played that today or any other day.
What the hell is this?
Well, I'm looking at my blackboard.
It's like some pornographic thing here.
I don't even know what the hell it is.
I probably shouldn't even open it, should I?
Fine.
Yeah.
Well, that all depends on what kind of porn I play.
Dear Gretchen.
Well, goodbye, Gretchen.
Why don't you get this stuff all the time, too?
And all the time, sure.
You're just a spam.
He's a reporter.
He's a spam.
Isn't that sweet?
Well, anyway, let's take a look at that pool and see how George is doing.
And by the way, those of you, speaking to the pool and the Super Bowl, who are wondering,
well, who's this fag on here right now that it's not talking about the Super Bowl Sunday on this fourth station?
Well, once George gets on it one today since I'm leaving for my vacation and getting out of here one,
he'll be talking to him.
Every silly about the bears and the colds, baby.
He'll have your choice.
Super salad.
He wouldn't know Rex Grossman from Ted Grossman, but anyway.
Who?
784 votes on the pool.
The worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers 233.
I guess I better play that, huh?
Notice I'm playing a lot of chestnuts today.
Well, what kind of a term is that, either?
Old chestnuts.
I'm so old I haven't heard it.
I'm going to talk about that term.
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire, though.
Which is on the mattress again, the African Queen.
So many non-English speakers 233.
If you're in Dave County especially, you'll discover not America, it's its own foreign country.
Whether it's own foreign policy, it's haven't had a republic, but nevertheless.
They want to move here 161.
Well, if you think you want to move to South Florida, let me just make this suggestion to you.
If you ever make that mistake, don't unpack.
Don't do it.
The quality of customer service to our driver 63, our traffic congestion 53.
Oh, you don't want to know from it.
South Beach is only a few blocks 47.
That's right.
Just a few blocks of R.C. Farsi and the deco Schmecko and, you know, glitz and that's it.
The old's car is 33, which quite frankly, what's going on the last three days, huh?
It's been a real Ohio hasn't it?
Yes it has.
Our local politics and politicians 32, which quite frankly if you're visiting, if you're visiting for a ballgame to anywhere, like the World Series, or the Stan the Cup finals, who cares about the local politicians?
But nevertheless, whoever made this poem, we thanked him profusely by the way.
Charlie, thank you Charlie.
I'm looking at it right now. He emailed it to you.
So I don't want him to feel bad, but he did put that on there.
Not too good Charlie.
The cost of living 32, and again, what it was that had to do with visitors.
But nevertheless, our local radio station 17, and we apologize that most of them really suck, especially the Maple Leaf Sports Station across the street.
The Joel Feinberg and his daddy got a lot of money.
And so they rent the frequency from Jefferson, pilot, and Dennis Collins, and pretend that they do in a sports station with a bunch of losers primarily, but nevertheless, that the frequency from Jefferson, pilot, and Dennis Collins, and pretend that they do in a sports station with a bunch of losers primarily, but nevertheless.
Local radio station 17, our crime rate 17.
In fact, South Florida is a crime.
Our overpriced restaurants 11, gators popping up in our yards 5, do not put your finger on the gators, tail, you maniac, and our mosquitoes 3, so I meant to trace out a 787.
You got a legitimate shot at 800.
What?
Well, what do you think? I mean, 794, we got like 800 by noon, you know, we actually could do this.
I mean, if you get to the thousand and then they'll fear us, then they will fear you. Let me tell you that right now.
Then they will fear you.
I don't know why they'll fear you, but if you get a thousand votes, because across the street, they know that's more or less than they got in two weeks, a thousand.
Oh, he's got a thousand votes. There must be somebody listening and keep in mind like what? One out of eight million people vote on that thing, so we've got like 800 million people listening right now.
Almost makes me nervous, but not quite.
Dominic QIA, hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Excellent.
Only shit could talk to a super ball in this radio stage.
Get out of here!
Very funny.
Take your super bowl and jam it.
In fact, am I suggesting you as there until two o'clock this afternoon, go sit on the bowl.
Okay, couldn't hurt. Probably be a good idea. And since you sound like you're so full of it, probably be a lot of physical good too.
Do your energy and do your kishki's good.
Remember that song? Do your kishki's good?
No.
Treat your children well for the tune of that.
W-Q-A-M-H-O.
What was it? I didn't hear it. It was like...
Oh, okay. I thought it was like something worth hearing your crank, you know.
But it wasn't. Sorry. W-Q-A-M-H-O.
No one really thinks about Miami.
What's that?
Box!
Like that. He didn't have an excellent point. There's no question about that.
Yes, he did that. No, I just said it's not going to get on the ear.
Stating the obvious is no way to...
He was...
Oh, something we don't know.
He was telling us about something that really stinks in Miami.
And then of course he went and we'll think about the choices of some body part, which of course we aren't going to say on the ear.
It was not, by the way.
Correct.
But in the territory.
No. In the general of the same as it could.
Yeah, the same zip code I would say would be accurate.
Although in her case one can't be sure without maybe tape measure.
Oh, God.
See, that's what happens when you push your luck.
I've only got another hour and eight minutes and then I'm...
I feel like I'm escaping from Alcatraz.
Yeah, I know.
This... Seriously, this day...
I don't know what it is.
Well, I do know part of what it is, but this day is one of these signature great days of my life.
Maybe that's why you took two choices this morning.
Oh, more than that.
Really?
I go, yeah.
I see it in there a couple of times, yeah.
Holy cow, let me say it again.
When you go on the planes, the plane...
And look at the way those phones are ringing like crazy, but I got more than important stuff here.
Now do you feel like when you're going on the plane, do you feel like...
Because you know, you hear that whooshing sound as soon as you open up the lid there on the can?
No, you don't.
You don't?
No, you don't.
You only hear that when you flush.
And it's just the suction is...
Well, the suction is from men.
Exactly.
Well, that's...
You know, are you afraid that like you're going to get sucked out of the plane?
No.
Oh.
A press release.
I mean, I could say, yeah, oh yeah.
Press it if I stick my head in there.
Man, probably not a good idea, but if you're body...
If you think my body is going to go through the bottom of a toilet on a plane, I'm coming on.
Well, maybe not your body.
I mean, maybe you need an answer to it here in there, but I'm not exactly...
I mean, that's slim and trim.
Let's see if Chris goes zoom enough.
Oh, yeah.
Don't be picking on Chris.
He's doing a fine job.
He's still the less way he is on the straighter in the real path.
Yes, sir.
Good.
Although all that food you're going to be getting in there, that is not going to do you good.
If I was down there, I'd be dead already.
All these people, oh, you really ought to come back to South Florida.
You need to be here.
If I was there, I'd be in a box already.
And look, and look what people would have missed out on at that point, you know?
The Honour of Meeting a Legend.
Oh, brother.
You see, that's one thing about people...
I'm not even going to win it.
I'm just one of those people.
It's not all that exciting in person, and you would agree with that.
I'm just not a ball of fire.
I'm just a me.
I'm just a guy.
You're just good company.
Oh, jeez, as soon as he already cashed that check, I saw that.
A press release issued today by the Landmark Legal Foundation, which was first spotted
by the Democratic Underground.com.
An outset, the group has nominated nationally syndicated radio talk show host, Rush Limbaugh
for the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize.
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
Now, look, I don't have the story about the Al Gore being nominated here.
Don't tell me I'm Schmitt K.
Wow, it's a box.
Huh?
No, seriously, I got it here somewhere else.
I don't know.
And I must have tossed it.
Well, that's not good at all.
I mean, some out of sync here.
It's all that excitement about playing the bridge tender.
The group's president, Mark R. Levin, said Limbaugh have nominated for his nearly two
decades of terrible efforts to promote liberty, equality, and opportunity for all humankind,
regardless of race, creed, economic, stratum, or national origin.
As Rush pops another couple of oxies there.
According to the release, Rush Limbaugh's service is an unpaid member of Landmark's Board of
Advisors.
That could have anything to do with that, do you think?
No, not to just the coincidence.
Somehow, I don't think that he's going to be getting a Nobel Prize.
Rush Limbaugh.
But nevertheless.
And what ever happened?
What was the upshadow of the story with the Dr. Shapping and all that?
You know, we were going along and you shut up.
Shut up, Tommy.
Yeah, so many stories happen like that.
And you go along and you get updates on it and you follow it.
And then like, but I'm big.
That's it.
It's the end of it.
It vanishes the story vanishes from the face of the earth.
What are you going to do?
Nice college, boy.
But I'm big.
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
Now you want to go down a police cap and want, because you slapped you in a face a little bit.
Huh?
What do you think?
This is the army where you shoot them a mile away.
You got to get them close like this.
They'll bring your blood and brains all over your nice side, relief suit.
Come in.
You're thinking of sparing first.
All right.
We might just play all the godfather stuff between you and one.
Not that I want to do that, that would be cheating, you know.
I know, but you say now.
You broke my line.
You broke my line.
Okay, tell me, what's your favorite line?
Chris's favorite line.
It leaves a good.
Take the canole.
Go for your Doris market.
And this is an unpaid plug.
But I just tell you they got great chocolate canole these, man.
Oh, yeah, they do.
And they have good meatballs.
We go there like, at least they do like to pick up.
You shove in your meatballs, sausages, little wine.
We make meatballs, bring them home in a pan, and make your own greenfield pasta, and shove
the meatballs in there.
And have a ball.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
He gave us a little baby's one right to Madonna.
And now he wants the baby.
What the hell was this guy smoking?
There are a lot of cuts now.
He wants the baby.
What's up already?
Change the kids name the how we end now.
He wants the baby.
I wonder if that extra children's are allowed.
He wants the baby back.
Maybe the daddy gets good.
Cause he thought it wasn't real.
He wants him back like it over in Duke Library.
Both he wants to get his baby back.
He thinks that Madonna is a little boycruck.
And so he wants his baby back.
He thought that the deal was coming with an option.
He wants to get his baby back.
But that is not the definition of adoption.
He wants the baby back.
Right, who is a children's audience?
Oh, I think it's the Harry Connick.
He had a better life with a material girl.
Oh, thanksgiving, he'll be turkey instead of the twirl.
But he wants him back without a better get herself a good attorney.
Cause daddy wants his baby back.
Missing turned out worse than all weekend with Bernie.
He wants to get his baby back.
I think that the dentist went home.
Cause he thought it wasn't real.
He said there was Bernie day money back there and see.
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie, Bernie.
Maybe she'll have to find a kid in Tennessee.
Daddy wants him back.
From 01 at 560 WQM, it's our big 12 to 1 hour.
And I think you've had a shot.
I think you're going to set you up just perfect, man.
I'm going to hand it off just like in a relay race.
Thanks, pops.
I'm going to hand you the baton as in baton Rouge.
And we bet all as in Lavera Rouge.
I still can't think of the name of that frog driver.
That do have a great horse Lavera Rouge, but nevertheless.
Don't start with that harness racing stuff.
Now you lose the audience.
8008 votes on the pool.
If we can get to 9 something by the end of this hour,
you can easily do that between 1 and 2.
When you think?
You'd imagine.
Oh, come on.
You are so negative.
What do you think, Chris?
If I hand it off, he's got over 900 votes.
But I want to talk negative.
No, I don't think we can get to 1000 today in spite of air.
It's a battle.
That's a double.
That's a double.
And then bivalent negative.
Come on, well, you don't really care.
That's why you're probably wind up with 988 just to piss me off.
And I'll stop the obstacle.
I'll stick around.
I'll be at the internet cafe, man.
Look at on this and look at everything over there.
I'll be checking everybody out on there at the internet cafe.
But I won't be spending a lot of time there, though.
More than I owe this.
And this again, for those of you stubborn people out there,
nobody wants to listen to me.
They don't come on.
Because I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm just a dummy.
And I'm sure that there are people out there who've been on cruises
and had a wonderful time and great food and they survived it.
And they came home alive and their wife or girlfriend
or boyfriend or whatever came back alive all in one piece.
Well, congratulations.
There are exceptions to everything, you know?
More than 100 passengers in crew on the Holland American
cruise ship Volendom were reported ill when it birthed at Port Everglades early yesterday.
Bernadette Burden, spokeswoman for the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta,
said 112 people aboard the 1400 pastor ship were reported ill
when the ship dropped on 530 yesterday morning.
The main symptoms reported were diarrhea and vomiting.
Oh, they spelled diarrhea right by the way.
I have a hard time spelling that.
How would you spell diarrhea?
Di-a-r-e-i-a-r-h-e-a.
And next, the left hand R.
May you put the H in the right place to the H.
I can't spell out loud and I have to write it down.
The main symptoms reported were diarrhea and vomiting.
Mediphate knew her checking people's tools to trim or cause the illness.
Or isn't that nice right in the middle of lunch hour?
Now we just started 1204 lunch hour and medical teams are checking people's tools.
What a pleasant job that must be.
Several of the past...
Or maybe they were sitting at the bar and they got sick.
Those are the tools they're checking.
I hope so.
Cause it left me with kind of like an ill feeling right there.
Several of the passengers were unfazed by the incident after the ship tied up at birth 25.
They had hands-sotted tisers everywhere said Joan Love of New Jersey.
They really did a great job.
Mel the Formans of LA said her husband Andrew felt a bit funny a couple days ago but then he was fine.
They took such great care of us for them instead it was just a couple of bugs going around.
Right that's all it was, a couple of bugs.
Like lady bugs.
Now how come they are lady bugs like indigenous only certain places?
I don't know, I imagine there are places that...
Not see many lady bugs in Florida to you?
Sure you did.
I did all over the place.
No.
The safety and security of our guests is our number one concern since this type of stomach flu can easily spread.
Several rigorous cleaning and sanitizing protocols were implemented.
Holland American statement said.
The Volendom reported about 7.5% of passengers on its current cruise ship suffer from a gastrointestinal illness.
Oh two bad we can't play that anymore.
The ship was carrying 1385 people on it.
Caribbean crews that departed from ports Everglades in January 22.
I'm surprised it didn't depart from Port St. Lucely.
You see DC plan to have staff members board the ship on Thursday to conduct an investigation.
One hell is the story from?
You just on Thursday is yesterday.
The story is from yesterday.
It's not what do I know.
Maybe they didn't.
They caused the illness most likely to an outbreak of neurovirus again which spreads easily through personal contact and causes 48 to 72 hours of diarrhea and vomiting.
No matter how you spell it, it is not otherwise a health risk.
48 to 72 hours of diarrhea and vomiting.
Other than that, you have a good trip?
Oh yeah, that was great.
It's a great way to report off the federal authorities but outbreaks that resorts nursing homes and other locations on land are not systematically attracted.
Also he has to be morning aboard the Volvendon.
The body of a 74 year old male passenger who died near Aruba several days ago,
what is believed to be cardiac arrest, was taken off the cruise ship after it pulled into the port according to the US Coast Guard and Broward Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Vita Coleman Wright.
And autopsy is being performed in determining exact cause of death but it wasn't believed to be the result of any ship born in a list but then again on the other hand.
After several days he died on the ship.
That must have been a little game like James Brown's body.
What do you think?
Not good.
I keep warning you people don't waste your money on those cruises about the only thing you can do is jump overboard.
You know, when you start getting seasick and then the people around you are trying to be much of A-holes and when the thing really goes south and you wasted all your vacation money in your time and there you are like a captive prisoner.
You know one thing about vacations if you fly somewhere, like the time I went to Caracas.
I was there for one day and I thought this is a crazy place and in my hotel the Sheraton Caracas downtown.
There was an American Airlines office, you know, a travel office and I went in there and I booked a trip from Caracas back to Miami and then from there to Rome,
which of course I won't even in Rome, I didn't meet in time.
But I thought I got this vacation time coming, I'm sure it's not going to waste in here and I got it real fast.
So when you're on land, when you're on land and you're not having a good time, you can always change your plans.
But when you're at sea, a lot of those cruise ships you're like a captive audience and if things go bad, if things go south and you have 48 to 72 hours of wild screaming diarrhea and vomiting,
probably not the best way to spend your vacation time.
I could be wrong, but at least you're an alice-big-spacious cabin.
Oh, that is great.
Not.
Not.
824 votes on the pool.
Worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers, I keep forgetting to play that 248.
Nobody speaks English, which is Bob and Tom, by the way.
But there's nobody but Christians. There it is.
They want to move here, 167.
Don't move to South Florida, okay.
First of all, for your own sanity plus we got too many people already in here.
The quality of the customer service 79, our driver 68, traffic congestion 60, don't go on the road, don't drive, you have to be a crazy person.
South Beach is only a few blocks, it's not like all of Dayton, Broward, and even Palm Beach. Forget about that, 47.
The cost of living 35 are local politics and politicians 34.
Niels Collars, our Wyshomon Hitler 33, our local radio stations 18, our crime rate 18, our overpriced restaurants 12, it doesn't.
Gators popping up in our yards 5 and our mosquitoes, our skaters, so lamentate trace.
John Farn, the taxi car, a potato driver, several ponds.
You look at me, so quizzical, I could tell he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture rate, it was my arms, the trees I made.
There's no bug speaks English, and I'm on it.
I went down to my room and I made reach where the weather business was.
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtzian Beamy's ass, no one to end up, what does that mean?
The butter speaks English, I got a mall.
At the corner there are leaves.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan, speaking English in the lead.
Are you can go back to the world I ran.
I came here a month ago, and I learned my ABC.
I don't say much is gross, I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom, quick, you're an American now, stop making mistakes.
We know fun has to be English, come in more.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy, I'm not a bad guy.
Why are you not stop the fun?
Roy, not the fun, you know she isn't a bad guy.
I'm not your bad guy.
Wow, that's so nice.
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Up the bus.
No!
From 15 to 560, we got the mad dog, too, from a...
What is it? Radio Row.
Well, I see it says R-R on there, now like...
It looks like Roosevelt Raceway.
Radio Row, and of course we got the mad dog in the Humper together,
Hank Goldberg between three and six, three sound hours of the power hours
as we hype and squeeze, and the do whatever we can to take advantage of the Super Bowl activities
and make as much money off as we can.
Isn't that what it's all about?
Absolutely.
Oh, it's your squeeze, I do see.
That's correct.
That is correct.
567-0561, and just amazing how many people were called in this day.
They were great vacation, Neil, and we'll see when you come back and George will do great...
Like that.
We just had that one really nice facts.
Yeah.
Save it for rainy day.
Take it over.
Oh, take the facts with me.
Yeah, I think I folded it up here, and I'm kidding on it.
Clip to your heart.
No, because the audience keeps track of this thing, like on Woodbine Wednesday.
I have on my pantaloonies and my shirt and my shoes no less.
Boy, am I ready?
And...
And I've already emptied my pockets.
Hmm.
In other words, I have no coins.
I have no metallic.
I have the keys.
Of course, because I've got to lock my door on the way out, but that'll immediately go into my bag, you know, observing the three-one rule.
What is that?
Yeah, that's the flight regulations that has something to do with how much liquid you can take with you.
Oh, hey, listen, forget about that.
They better drain everything.
No, because I only carry a carry-on bag.
All you people that tell you, people that bug me the most when I fly are the people that are going away for like a week somewhere, and they take it like five years.
They've got 16 suitcases, 45 big bags of hazarai, you know.
What is wrong with you people?
You don't empty out the whole house when you're going on vacation.
You don't take everything along with you.
What a bunch of idiots.
But anyway, I've learned over the years to travel with like one carry-on bag, you know, a big one, but that's the way to go.
Yes, smart.
You don't go checking no bags.
And of course, as a result, I can't pack no shaving cream, no mouthwash, no toothpaste, no water-melting out, no aftershave, all of these things.
And so what you do when you get to wherever the hell you're going is, you know, you're going to a supermarket or into a drugstore, and you buy these, you know, they're this small sample sizes if you're cheap.
Or if you're a big spender like me, you go in and get the whatever, get whatever you want.
I'm leaving you in good hands, man.
8.54.
We're going to have over 900 votes on the pool by 1 o'clock, and we only had two something when we started this morning.
Thanks, Derek.
Did a little in the round last number where he was out and about, and what's he, he's entitled, you know, he's in, he's in, I had a rough life.
Maybe he was swapped away by a tornado that just took him that long to get that.
He didn't even know about no freaking tornadoes that you told me. That's the amazing part.
Talk about oblivious. Talk about where there's no sense, there's no feeling, that kind of stuff.
So now I can't do the, or whatever that rule is, I can't carry this.
So I'm going to have to buy a toothpaste, and after shaving, shaving cream, I think I can handle it, don't you?
Probably. For a few rows, I think I can probably handle that.
Cactus Pat. Now I'm curious who is cactus pet.
I don't often get into a big deal about who these people are. Right, these, uh, and why does it say at the end here, oh I see.
Something about Molly, Ivens again. I don't want to get all emotion we get about poor Molly.
She died. Uh, in fact, it's just on this murking chimp.
It doesn't even say a damn thing about who cactus pet is, and who the hell cares.
It says, Hillary Clinton embraces her inner war-mongering self. Huh? I knew you'd like this article.
And the first report to the Hillary Clinton road show in circus is first visit to Iowa.
The headlines read, Clinton concedes rule in authorizing war.
How special she's decided not to be a counter-mistake in both her Bush's war aggression, like most every other Democrat with presidential aspirations is done.
I take responsibility for having voted to give an authority.
She said, my focus is on what we do now. That is the proper debate.
I can't figure the calculus behind this stubbornness. And obviously the MSM, the mainstream media, isn't going to press her on the issue.
Rather, by Sunday morning, her press flags had managed to have the headlines changed to Clinton, Iraq war, Bush's responsibility, and other puff and height bush bashing during her storming of Iowa.
So we're left with Hillary embracing her inner war-mongering self. No apologies. No, she can't show any sign of weakness.
Does that remind you of anyone else we all know?
As if admitting one's past mistakes isn't a sign of strength, the sign of moral fiber, a quality to display for all to see.
So I'll tell you one thing. I admit my past mistakes. A lot of them every day.
An indication of humility and intelligence. I'm not going to make public prognostication, it says, but I can't help feel this refusal to consider a mistake in vote for Bush's illegal war.
Won't be haunting your every step of the way on her march to the presidency, to which we can only say,
Oh, right. Good. Rats the man. Let me tell you right now. And you people out there, all you bear fans, you've got the president right there from your state.
Right from Illinois as some illiterate people say. I do know that they say Chicago and Illinois.
And you want to know why? Because there's so many morons in America. So many uneducated fools. That's why you've got a dodo bird for your president.
Because what did I tell you the first time when they fixed the one in 2000? They voted for him because they can relate.
They like stupid because they can relate to stupid. They figure he's on their level. Like that kind of like a Abu Gharr.
Yeah, just like that. And that's that's the freaking truth.
8.58 on the pool. I bet if I refresh it, you'll see I'm going to put you over the top. I'm working feverishly to give you a chance for that thousand, which 8.69.
Oh, they're coming in massive chunks down there. It's like the melting of the polar ice cap. Massive chunks.
8.69. Can you smell them? Maybe that's the guy that's 74 year old guy that died on the cruise ship.
They got dead bodies on there. They got the neural virus. They got people with wild diary and puking their guts out.
But hey, we hope you had a nice cruise and please join us again someday. You suckers. You idiots. You fools. You.
8.69. Chris has got to come in there and spank you with a machete. What that thing that's sitting on that 8.71.
No, it's all dead throughout it. Didn't really. You sure without. Yeah. That might have been the one that OJ used. We might have the evidence right there.
We could have sold it on eBay for about five million. No, that was dull. We know the one. We can have evil. I bet whatever had to be moonlight.
I haven't checked back. They pulled it and that was pulled. Yeah. I am. I don't think you can pull the moon tonight. Well, whatever it was on eBay yesterday.
It was up to five grand already for one of the moon nights that they they were going to blow up the whole city of Boston with a coin of mayor.
Many know who he's got about 40 pounds of elephant dug in his mouth. But the blue blue like that. What an idiot.
You know who else speaks like that little bit who's also a really idiot is Ray Nagan. Now let me see. See, am I going to find that?
I can't find that anymore for some reason. I have no why we used to play it all the time. Remember I do. Ray Nagan can the candy man.
But the Nagan can is I said no. How about under our. There's our Kelly. Oh, what a surprise.
Who sounds like a moana. What a shot. Every time he's the way God wants to speak wants to take a city and cover it in sweet Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can.
Because he wants to make new or least tasty food. And I don't care what people are saying. Sounds like Jesse Jackson. We as black people. His comments are bizarre. Surely God is man.
He can there's the locals who will be on the bottom. Yes, Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can.
Ray Nagan can. Because he wants to make new or least tasty food.
This chance was to come together. This time was to rebuild a new world. The one that should be uptown or wherever they are. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate nuance.
He never takes the blame for anything. Chocolate at the end of the day. That chocolate and some coffee and a cup of wine for this. Ray Nagan can. Ray Nagan can.
No, I can. Ray Nagan can. Because he wants to make new or least tasty food. You can't have no all this no other way. It wasn't me before.
Do you know anything about chocolate from the controversy? No mayor of New Orleans comes a brand new chocolate.
This will be chocolate. Racist peanut butter cups. How do you make chocolate? It's a delicious brand of dark chocolate. You take dark chocolate.
It's a super normal peanut butter. And because it's Ray Nagan's racist peanut butter cups. All the peanut butter has been moved out and replaced with chocolate.
That's the chocolate I'm talking about. Just the Ray God intended. It's the way God wants it to be.
And be sure to try the delicious new chocolate drink. Megan Spirick. You mix it with rice milk and it becomes a delicious drink.
And for chocolate and nothing much chocolate. Try racist pieces. You can't have chocolate no other way.
And of course they'll be elected because he's never been a boxer. So are they too. That's one thing about No Orleans baby and Louisiana.
Nothing I want to pick on the Mexican trainer. Nothing like that. But it's a racist grotesqueity. And of course all that Southern comfort and a house buy used of. It's a nasty place.
Plus before Katrina and now it's super nasty because this president and the Congress generally speaking don't care about dark folks. Because America is a racist place. But nevertheless don't start picking on America. You un-American piece of turd.
Next they'll be saying you're broadcasting from Canada.
879 and I bet you I'm refreshing eight. Oh they are pouring in in big massive chunks. I have 80. I got 80.87. I'm way ahead of you. How do you like that?
I'm a Zidian miles away here. My computer is as fast as lightning when it's working. What they was that that was a bad day. That was a bad morning.
Yeah. I was under a lot of stress. Huh? Was that Tuesday morning? Something like that came in here and there was the internet wasn't working. That's always because they had that power outage.
Then I had a call and get a crawl around on my hands and knees on the floor. I know there are people out there saying why you probably got a lot of experience doing that.
Everybody's a comedian you know. That would be surprised that some of them have got experience too doing some really amazing things that we certainly couldn't even think about here on here much less discuss.
But nevertheless more power to you. If you have it a good time more power like I said. Although I didn't have more power there at 617 and more in my phone rang Tuesday.
That's a good thing.
Where is the love of my love? Get no problems folks.
That's when you go. Do it. Do it. Do it.
You gotta drive back. Is that the news? The flow?
You're the catch that I thought you were doing.
Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it
Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it.
You know, we discovered that yesterday, but I haven't played that in a zillion years, and I just, I'm smitten with that. I just, uh, love it's great. It is great. You know what else is great that we could play to one?
Oh yeah, 911 votes by the way. I got you all set up now, man.
What do you mean by one? Huh? We're gonna play that at one till two.
It wouldn't be a bad idea. And of course, what's it got to do with a Super Bowl? That's the problem. These people in South Florida right now, what I want to hear about is the bears, the colds, the colds, the bears, sandy-pate, and manning. Hey, Sandy. I mean, the patent.
You're fairy.
Let's see what this faxes you just said. Did you have it? I watched Chris Matthews last night. No, when I have dinner, I don't want to watch him on a full stomach. Okay, it makes me nauseous. Talking out of the side of his mouth and talking about politics.
And one point discussing the Joe Biden gap Matthews befurned to Jesse Jackson, who was mentioned in the Rainigan bit, is one of the greatest orators in our history. I almost choke on my mutton, it says.
One of the greatest orators in our history, Jesse Jackson.
Oh my, that could be the same Jesse Jackson that's got the love shot.
Jesse's got a love shot. Yeah, you put the baby in me Jesse. Well the voice favors me.
Fine. Yeah, and you play you play. Like just spicy, not mine. Yeah. He's in trouble. It would seem.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
The big part of Clinton's team. Yeah.
Nobody in that dress of us was not MLK's dream.
Hey, I'm hungry Jesse.
Hey, the round, the oval office with his food she girl.
I'm equal to that red expensive suit and brand new jail girl.
Baby, you're eating a little bit fat in the limo he gave her a world.
She'll be touching me without being any make you want to hurt.
Yeah, I got a love shot. Yeah.
Got the badger baby suit. Well the voice favors me.
Fine. Yeah.
He's in trouble. It would seem.
Yeah.
You can come in and ram your money.
The big part of Clinton's team. Yeah.
Give me a little fuck.
Leave it with his balance. Yeah.
Well I can choose big and this was not MLK's dream.
He's one of the most articulate rhyman, jyvin, a spokesman in the history of mankind.
Jesse Jackson.
What is love child?
A great boy.
He just sent me here. William, I don't want to use anybody's last name.
William, he's got a last name.
Give it an envelope in the mail.
A big important.
It's given the mail. This was a letter.
This was a letter and it was written January 29th and it came from the state of Washington.
Stala Kuhm, Washington, which I never heard of that in my life.
But nevertheless, I said that.
Stala Kuhm with an M.
With an M. Got it?
Got it.
Kuhmass.
It says, Dear Mr. Rogers, my firmly believe you are my family.
I'm so choked up from this.
I'm going to get emotional this last half hour.
Everybody's been way too nice.
We have good calls and that one fact I got before about having a wonderful trip.
When you're coming from South Florida and this email that was so nice that I got from one of my close personal friends, I actually saved it.
You ever give a say of a message like on your, you know what I mean?
Yeah, sometimes for reference if there's information on there like somebody's address that I need to know.
No, I didn't say for that purpose.
Because it was touched the cockles of my heart.
Oh, sweet.
And now this.
This is so over the top from where you mean Stala Kuhm, Washington.
My family believe you are one of the greatest radio personalities around.
Well, let me say this to you Bill.
Absolutely correct.
I'm not just one of the greatest.
I'm legendary.
Your radio programs are some of the most frank and interesting we have ever listened to.
How do you like this?
Oh my God.
Let me go change my pants now.
We were wondering if I could obtain your autograph or note about your most interesting radio program.
I would be very grateful.
I know my whole family will be thrilled to hear from you.
Thanks in advance for your reply.
Wish your great happiness and everything life can give you.
Oh, I'm going to read that again because that is so, I mean, do you think this is the amus for real?
Let me check the other developments.
So you know it came from the state of Washington and it came from somebody in Florida because generally,
I mean, there's some nice people in Florida.
Thank goodness for that.
A few.
Mailed from zip code 98388.
That's what it says on here.
Style of CUM Washington.
Let me read it again because this is just, oh, let me pat myself on this shoulder and over here and on the armpit.
Oh, don't mess up the armpits because you're not going to have no idea.
Well, that's the other thing I forgot I can't take is the order.
Even if it's like a stick, stick the order.
Yeah, stick it.
I don't know about that.
I would think so because gels and I don't want to take the chance.
What's the point?
I can't go into the hotel.
You're going to Europe.
So what happens if they make you stick?
I don't want a stink, okay?
I don't want to be no stink in European man.
And by the way, the people where I'm going don't stink.
Okay.
Everybody should only smell like them and look like them and dress clean, cut and beautiful and well groomed and horny.
I mean, just wonderful.
Oh, trust me.
When I lose hope into my fingers crossed.
In fact, I'm taking a surf party with me.
Oh, please, please.
I'm going to get religion while I'm on the plane.
Please putting my hands together.
Please God.
But anyway, just cut the crap.
Okay, you have a good time no matter what.
I said you're all over the city.
There's got lots of great broadwursts.
It says my family.
I'm reading this again.
I know I just got through reading it and I'm not very much into self-aggrandizement because I think that they're really blows.
But it just, it's just such a breath of fresh air.
It's so nice because in 20 minutes I'm going to fly out the door and my camp guy's going to hustle me over to the airport.
And not that my flight's much later on, by the way.
I could have left it too, but I'm happy that, you see, I'm not lying about that.
I'm going to tell you, I could have left it too.
And still have plenty of time.
But you know what?
What?
I don't want.
Okay.
How do you like that?
And I knew what time the plane leaves, but that's all right.
You're going to be time to relax, go into the business lounge and sit there and relax and put my feet up on the chair and smoke a big stogie.
Well, I wish I still could, man.
It's one of the things I miss in life.
It's smoking a big fat stogie.
God, you know, I'm just like you.
I love smoking a big fat one.
Only in my case it means a cigar.
Anyway, Bill says my family believe you are one of the greatest radio personalities around.
Your radio programs are some of the most frank and interesting we have ever listened to.
We were wondering if we could obtain your autograph or a note about your most interesting radio program.
I'd be very grateful to know my whole family will be thrilled to hear from you.
Thank you in advance for your reply.
We wish you great happiness and everything life can give you.
Oh, seriously.
That is so nice.
Tell you what, when you get back from vacation.
Yeah.
I'll send you up one of your pictures.
Yeah, I can send it to them.
That's just nice.
That's it.
Very nice.
Very nice.
You can sign it and fire it off.
So thanks a lot, Bill, to your fan.
You and the God, to my spokha and all the other were going up there and watching.
It's a beautiful thing.
God even loves neo-rodgers.
Daddy, I got a good buddy.
Okay, Johnny, one second.
Daddy, my skin.
Honey, give me four sunsleeve.
I need every now and then over here.
Yes, dear.
Get your drinking water.
Daddy, daddy.
Yes, he could any more.
I need a vacation for my vacation.
No problem.
It's easy with vacation vacations.
A brand new service that turns a stressful family vacation into a relaxing getaway of solitude.
Sounds great.
How does it work?
It's easy.
Vacation vacations get nasty from your family vacation cottage in the middle of the night and whisked you away.
What are you doing?
Don't worry, sir.
Twear from vacation vacations.
We're taking you back home.
Without my family, that's right.
Sweet.
Once you're back home, our vacation vacation specialist will take the phone out the hook, disconnect the doorbell, turn on the TV and deliver the pizza and beer.
Wow.
What a great vacation.
I mean vacation vacation.
When you're ready to get away from getting away, call vacation vacations.
961 for its boy.
You got it made in a shade.
We're going to have like almost a thousand by the top of the hour.
So it's no great feat on your part.
I don't want to like take anything away from it, but never let it.
No offense.
I'm really glad to see.
I feel good about this because I'm not the only person who does this.
And I'm sure you've probably done it too.
Somebody will send you a message like an email or something.
And you'll, I'm not going to say take it the wrong way necessarily, but you'll read things into it that aren't really there.
We're not intended.
And of course, I didn't hear it that from my mother who was gloom and doom.
She could have found a million dollars cash and small bills in her backyard.
And she'd have found some reason to get upset about it.
And I heard that trade.
You know, I'm like, oh, I don't know.
So the guy that sent this facts earlier that I told you it was so nice and I was sitting on it and was in my grandmother, Lunece.
She says very seriously, I'm sorry you took offense to my sarcastic attempt at humor facts.
I didn't think we did.
No, when did I say I took offense?
I said it was, it was a ring of, huh?
I thought we got it.
I thought I understood.
I thought it was a very nice thing.
I think it was anything problem with it.
It says, I listened to Aliear shows, brought me many, many hours of enjoyment since I became a lawyer listener.
Since moving to Florida, I done 1994, enjoy your vacation.
I thought it was a nice fact.
I thought it was just sweet.
I thought it was an extremely nice.
And he made one crack about, you know, the playing, like am I an uptight person, huh?
Am I uptight?
Do I sound uptight?
Yes, sometimes I am.
And I apologize, but nevertheless, I sure wasn't uptight about that fact.
And I got an una-spina in my shoe.
Oh, solo una-spina?
I think you can't go on, huh?
Those aren't allowed on boards.
Might hijack the plane with that.
Yeah, might start pelting the squeeze with the stuff.
You could stab somebody with that spina.
Well, anyway, I didn't take any offense to the facts.
It was very nice.
And thank you for the Aliear's wish.
And it's just amazing to me how everybody is being so nice.
Right?
Now it's just fine.
It's a breath of fresh air in South Florida.
Must be because of that stupid ass of Super Bowl.
I mean, that big game coming up Sunday, that we're all whipped up about.
Aren't we?
Not.
974.
Like I said, we're going to be, and you know why this is happening, don't you?
Because it's that lawyer audience again coming through.
Thank you very much.
Coming through for yours, truly.
And maybe for you too.
Saying, oh yeah, we'll show you a thing or two just because Eric was out eating 14, 15 meals last night.
That doesn't mean any got the pool on late.
Doesn't mean we can't get you over the hump.
And for the audience out there that doesn't really know the show or what this is all about,
how many votes we get on the pool, we get a gold star in a purple jelly bean.
If we get over a thousand votes on the pool.
Don't we?
Yeah, sure.
What are you?
Yeah, sure.
Like Frankie Penton.
Can't you say?
Sure.
900.
Let's see.
975.
Oh, you got it made in the shade.
Even Chris would agree with that.
975.
You could do that blindfolded.
The worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers 304.
No speaking English, I key. Trust me when I tell you.
In the Banana Republic.
They want to move here 204.
Don't even think about it.
Take me.
Just like I told you about the cruise ships.
If you're thinking about moving to South Florida, let me, let me make the suggestion instead.
That is an alternate idea.
Russian who likes no empty chambers, okay?
Cosmerellent chambers.
The quality of customer service 86 are drivers 82, our traffic congestion 70.
South Beach is only a few blocks and the rest of it, fat, 50.
Niels callers 40 all the way.
You got to admit, man.
I don't know what happened the last three days.
I don't know.
Maybe they took vitamins.
The cost of living 40 are local politics and politicians 38.
You don't want to know.
Our local radio station is 21.
And the FM station is the music.
You can't complain about the music on our FM station here because we don't have any.
There is no music.
There is no radio.
Our crime rate 18, our overpriced restaurant is 13.
Gators popping up in our yard is 5 and our skaters 4 out of 975.
I'm going to refresh it.
It wouldn't surprise me if we're right on the verge of a thousand by the time I get my 977.
See that?
Little chunk of group.
By the time I get my fantasy out of this chair at the top of the air, I'll have close to a thousand for you.
So you see, I just always try to like, you know, leave a good solid base there.
You know, a good lead in for whoever is going to follow.
Could we do that?
Don't wait.
We do do.
We try.
Nothing like having a really strong lead in.
Maybe someday.
Hey, don't be knocking Kenny and Vona.
Man, they're working hard to be as filthy as they can get away with them.
I mean, good.
Well, the world's living climate.
I'm going to see every day.
I got another one of these depressing stories about climate change.
I don't want to scare anybody, but I do know it needs to be talked about.
The world's leading climate scientists and their most powerful language ever used on the issue,
said global warming is very likely man-made according to a new report intended by the AP.
You think?
The report provides what may be cold comfort in slightly reduced projections in rising temperatures and sea levels by the year 2100.
I'll be dead, but it is 10.
So I'll you.
It's 93 years away unless you're planning on living at 150.
You'll be dead, but it's tempered by a flat announcement that global warming is essentially a runaway train that cannot be stopped for centuries.
The observed widespread warming of the atmosphere and ocean together with ice laws and ice mass laws support the conclusion that it's extremely unlikely that global climate change of the past 50 years can be explained without external forcing and very likely it's not due to no natural causes alone, said the 20-page report.
Human cause warming and rises in sea level would continue for centuries because the process has already started,
even if greenhouse gas concentrations were to be stabilized, said the 20-page report from the intergovernment panel on climate change.
Oh my god.
The report by a group of hundreds of scientists and representatives of 113 governments contains the most authoritative science on the issue.
It was due for original release, official release later today in Paris.
Well, for crying out loud, it's one o'clock, seven o'clock at night in Paris. You better believe it's out.
Just like I'm out, just like Diana Ross says, she's coming out.
Go back in, Diana. Nobody wants to see an old washed-up pitch anymore.
The phrase very likely translates to more than a 90% certainty that global warming is caused by man.
What that means in layman's language is we have this nail that it has said,
Tapioas Climate Scientist Jerry Malman, who originated the percentage system.
It marked an escalation from the panel last report in 2001, which said warming was likely caused by human activity.
There had been speculation that the participants might try to up the anti-divertually certain that man causes global warming, which translates to 99% chance.
On sea levels, the report projects rises of 7 to 23 inches by the end of the century,
that could be augmented by an additional 4 to 8 inches if reason-surprising polar ice sheet melt continues.
So in other words, if you're planning on moving to Florida, either get to know Noah real well so he can build you and your family in arc,
or maybe change your mind so it's like a real nifty idea to me, huh?
Or Georgia Lonely, his rubber wrap.
No, not even.
98 on the pull man. We are, it's really great. It's 988.
Aren't you impressed? No.
No, you don't care. He's just a hard-ass. He just doesn't care. He refuses to care.
It's like the Super Bowl. The whole town is whipped up into a frenzy.
We're talking Super Bowl. I'll read you that.
So he has Tony Super Redo with Singing on Channel 6. We're talking Super Bowl. Hey Tony, you're silly and you're old too.
Well, at last time I saw him on here, it made me feel like a teenager. God, he is aging really badly.
He's staring to look almost as bad as that Miss Jimmy Cifilis.
I'm Tyrone Field and he has the deal. He ain't no Neal, he's just real.
The little thing, which is upright big. It carries on with the bad dance balls.
So you can say, it made me flate, or you can split. We don't give a shit.
I'm in my cousin, now it's time for the Super Bowl.
But first I need something to show that my power.
A battle pretzel and some such extent of heroes.
I'll shout out to the dance-over. Look up, I'm gonna smack that.
Some way to lose, now that you're dead, you're dead.
You're dead, you're dead. I'll feed my face, now that.
Oh, you're dead, now that I love for you, now that.
You have some girls, now that.
Can't even just run, now that. You're home.
Big game, so got stuck at that.
Now in popcorn, every time there's a first down.
I scope it to wash it all down.
But so now I can't use a sound.
It's my time, most of the beat, now.
Face off like up on the check, now.
Big up, one back with the other one down.
Fear is no grab, I'm full of that now.
I'm in my cousin, Super Bowl, from the TV.
The game is full of so I need something that's yummy.
If you got fat inside, I want it in my tummy.
I'll shout out to the dance-over. Look up, I'm gonna smack that.
Crumbs on the floor, smack that. Give me some more.
You have your favorite Chris, and one minute, we're going to give him legal ID.
Since Neil, obviously, he thought his mind was already set on leaving in the last hour of the show.
It was the last hour of the show for him, so he kind of did the break thing wrong.
We already played the legal ID.
And we're probably legal, but you can't be too legal these days.
You know how that goes.
Yeah, the problem.
So he's gone and I'm here now, and sorry, sorry Joe and whoever else.
How sad and unfortunate.
And all the next week, for what it's worth, let's say I want to put some tapes on.
Then you can have fun making them.
We got a whole bunch laying around here.
Unfortunately, they have to be re-redited.
That's okay.
Because, you know, yes, I did a fine job editing or whoever I was overseeing did a fine job editing.
But those tapes contain language that we're not allowed to say anymore.
But we're not going to dwell on that.
Is it time yet? Not yet.
I want to give it exactly.
Exactly.
In about 15 minutes, we're going to hear from Rachel Shrift, hopefully she'll call in.
From Revolution, because there's a lot of things going on there too many for me to keep sorted out.
So she's going to explain them and give people directions who might be here from out of town, WQA and Miami Fort Lauderdale.
How do you like that?
Very good.
Just to...
Somebody's got to be radio-ish here on this radio station.
I want to apologize.
You said, who's that short old man that keeps opening the door looking in here?
Yes.
That was the sales rep who's going to be losing some commission because Neal wasn't able to record that spot
because our equipment doesn't enable us to record one thing while playing something else on the air,
even though I have been telling them for a long time since we came to this radio station that this board needs to be able to do that,
but they won't listen to me because what do you know punk, you're just a dingleberry on Neal's ass.
Now while you breathe, why did he keep poking his head in and like leaving like someone's going to shoot him or something?
Because he was expecting us to be able to record the spot even though I told him over a month ago that Neal was going to be on vacation
and when he was going to be on vacation, when they needed to have a new copy in before the vacation started,
so that he could record something that would be starting during his vacation because he wouldn't be here to record it.
Because he's going to be in Europe somewhere.
But nobody listens to me because you're just a dingleberry on Neal's ass and you're no Neal Rogers punk.
What do you know about anything?
Nothing.
You know what it feels like?
It's like let's say you were a doctor and you somehow fell through a whole in time and wound up back like in the 1700s or something like that
and you had to do surgery and so you go over to the sink and you start washing your hands and they all make fun of you.
What are you doing? I'm washing my hands so I get the germs. What are you talking about? What is that?
And they're all making fun of you because somehow you don't fit in there, you know?
You're not a doctor like they understand doctors and that's what it feels like working here.
It's so, you know, they just make fun of you because they don't even know the language you're speaking in here because what's it got to do with the game?
So during the game I think I might be just driving around, I'm going to borrow a convertible maybe and just drive around naked because there's going to be nobody on the streets.
Don't you imagine?
You could probably even go to a store and like you know steal something while you're naked.
You know something that I do, speaking of stores that I do like to do during big football events, is go to the malls because that's where all the women are.
All the football widows are running around the mall or other places.
Grocery stores are also good. I eat those all the time.
Grocery stores are sure. Right there in the middle of the Super Bowl.
The traffic is great. People who might be visiting town for the Super Bowl.
That's what I voted for is it's our drivers and our traffic situation which kind of sounds like the same thing but it's not.
See our traffic sucks because the people who plan our roads down here are on the wrong kind of drugs.
They should be on I don't know Coke or math or something like that but instead they're on sterno.
So our roads are completely inadequate and way behind the game and our road system doesn't make any good sense down here.
But then to make things better we have all the idiot drivers from all over the world out here.
We have collected at great expense the worst drivers from everywhere in the world from countries where they don't know what a car is.
Much less having had seen one and here they are all driving around.
But of course the people are going to vote for so many non-English speakers.
I'm going to have to like I've been doing some bigotry therapy with Bokobry and I'm going to have to have you come into the sessions.
Part of your problem phase one in bigotry therapy for our good Irish friend Chris over there is you got to get out of Dade Freak and County.
All right. Well when I start making the money to be able to understand the sympathetic state my family lives in candle and coral gables and kind of delakes and things like that.
That's where they like it because you know cube.
I'll put it this way coming here. It's 34 miles.
The last 20 minutes take me a third of the time at the first 50.
I want to kill myself which is one of the many reasons that I like going to revolution or two reasons.
One they have bands it's like it's like a concert in a club.
Real bands big names people that are current right now brand new up and coming.
Brand spanking new music is right there and it's and it's convenient.
I can actually drive there to get off the highway.
They got the giant park aid right there in front of Riverwalk.
You can find a place to park. You walk across the tracks.
There you go. No must know fuss. Everybody's going to South Beach right now.
South Beach. South Beach. I can't tell you the last time I was at South Beach.
And the reason that I stopped going wasn't because of the plastic people or the overpriced restaurants with the mediocre food.
It was because of the freaking what it takes to get there.
I don't know about you. Fun for me isn't driving around looking for a place to park.
And then getting gouged if you do happen to find a place to park so that you can walk, hike, walk, slurp to the place that you want to go
so that you can eventually sit down and have some overpriced mediocre food in a place that smells like old paint.
But then there's Fort Lauderdale. What's wrong with Fort Lauderdale? Why is everyone overlooking Fort Lauderdale?
Revolution is right there man. Broward Boulevard. Bands guess what? Here's another thing. You'll like this a lot. They speak English there.
Really? Yeah and let me give you a tip. Everybody seems to still be very bent out of shape that there are a lot of spicks in this town.
I speak Spanish fluently but here's what I do because I don't speak it as well as I would like to or as well as I speak English and I don't like to do business.
When I feel like I'm not being articulate.
So here's a tip. When you go into a place of business and this goes for any out of towners who are going to be culture shock by the fact that there are places,
a lot of places, maybe too many places here in this town where nobody speaks English. And here's what you do.
When you walk into a business and you try to have a transaction and the person can't speak English just walk away.
How's that? Very simple. You should feel sorry for them.
Well when I said I used to work for publics I was a stockman. One of the funniest thing I was stockman is that like a stockboy but all of it was a stock person whatever you want to call.
I was a paperboy I used to call myself a carrier.
Sometimes it was amusing sometimes you just want to yell the person. Now I'm an Irish guy. I don't exactly look any part Hispanic at all.
And you would have these little ladies, these little men come up to you and start talking to you in Spanish. How dare you?
And you would try to look at them and say look in my best voice no obla esponial and they keep talking.
And I'm like look I don't understand and they give you the dirty look like well what the hell are you here for then?
That's right. And I'm like I'm sorry.
No this happened in Dade County. Oh yeah definitely. Then obviously you're one of the many people that didn't get the memo.
They move the border. All right. Come up to Broward County with us English speaking people.
We're making a stand in Broward County. The border has been moved. I thought everyone got the memo. I've got a copy and I left.
It's really easy. Oh it's funny. It's I was it has been surrendered. You understand that that county has been written off by the rest of the nation.
Well I went to highly high refugee land. Oh good. I got and I know I got along better. Sort of.
Highly a high. Yeah I do down in Ken. I'm just I'm just letting you know you know just come to Broward. Make a stand.
Get all outraged and indignant and thrust your finger up in the air and say now see I'll have you know this is America.
As long as you're in Broward County if you're in Dade County. That's we consider that south of the border from now on.
Yeah. A scandal TV today is downright as scandalous. It's freaking. I don't know who this girl is but I don't know she's hot.
The dancers today are hot and see see this is all part of a bigotry therapy.
We'll find some Spanish language Hispanic things that Chris can appreciate for one thing.
This channel that we watch all day long just because there's nothing but things to see and you don't know.
Oh I'm sorry. And every time they get a hot female guest they always stick her up on the table.
This guy's got a grind up on her but what are you going to do about that? Do I want to read the poll? We are over a thousand already easily.
Let me refresh it. We got one thousand twenty something. You know what that means right? Nothing.
It means nothing. We're number one. Damn it. Oh is that what that means? Well the show is in ratings.
So many here's the one thousand blah blah twenty two people the worst thing out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is so many non-English speakers.
That's the worst thing they could discover about down here. You know what it's maybe the most surprising thing.
We hear that all the time people shocked and dismayed. I thought the memo went out nationwide. I thought the border had been moved. I thought everyone got a copy.
I thought they put ads and papers. The border is no longer south of Key West anymore. It's the Bade Broward line. That's the official border.
I'm in stores in Hollywood. French. I hear people French. German. I heard some Israelis yesterday. I know because I was in the Shalom. I heard some Indians the other day.
You know the Indians because the woman was dressed in a sorry speaking Indian. So you could come to Broward and in Hollywood.
There's no shortage of languages for you to be offended by when you hear people talking. And I don't know how militant they are because I try to avoid them.
They want to move here. See those are the top two things. Those two contradict each other. You see the people that voted for that that the outer towners might want to move here.
They're going to come down. They're going to realize that nobody speaks English. And they're going to get the hell out of here. They're going to go this place into place for Americans and you're right.
The quality of customer service like Neil says you can't complain about it because there isn't any 92. Our drivers 89 and our traffic congestion 76. South Beach is only a few blocks. Hey, try Fort Lauderdale. You can actually drive there. You can get to it. You can park. You can walk around it.
It's safe. Relatively speaking and you can get the hell out of there. Stay away from this.
There's still a hell of a moon up there. I don't know. I don't know. The cost of living of 41 Niels Collars. You'll be hearing them soon.
40. Our local politics and politicians. You have no idea. Leave before you find out. 38. Our local radio stations. Oh, yeah. We should we could spend some time talking about that.
You know what? If you're only here for a few days, you won't realize it because you'll hear things on the radio that sound radio-wish. You know, on the surface.
But after you've spent about five minutes in town, you realize, oh my God. You've got a whole bunch of stations playing all the same things over and over and over again. I've only heard the same 10 songs on every radio station the whole time.
What's with that 93 one playing songs from the 90s? Our crime rate 19. Our overpriced restaurants, 13. Well, if you go to South Beach, you'll get to know those.
Gators popping out in our yards. Come on now. That's a tourist attraction. That's on the brochures. Isn't it? You don't have to go out to the Everglades to see the Gators just walk out to the backyard. You'll see Gators or a possum.
Yeah, I got a possum update. My wife's a woose is the short answer to that. And our mosquitoes only for, yeah, well, mosquitoes.
We could have put on their South Beach and Key West aren't five minutes apart. We have the specialist mosquitoes in the country. I don't know if other places maybe, maybe in the by-use of Louisiana.
They have more mosquitoes and more aggressive mosquitoes than we do. I think there should be a contest. I've been in other places where they have quote unquote mosquitoes and they're a joke.
And people, you know, will be sitting outside drinking beer by the bonfire and somebody say, oh, the mosquitoes are eating me up a line. They go, this is what you're calling a mosquito. They move in slow motion.
You can actually pick them up off your arm, squeeze them between your fingers and pitch them. Not like they stealth jet super fast swarms that we have down here.
They'll bite you suck out all your blood, leave and leave a giant mosquito bite on you before you even realize that it had been there.
Those are our mosquitoes here in Florida, super efficient stealth mosquitoes. QAM hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah, George, please. Uh-huh. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Can you hear or not hear me? Yeah. Yeah. I can hear you hardly. Should I speak up? Pardon me? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is part from the hotel pharmacy. Uh-huh. Yeah. Brian Craig wants to debate you. Uh-huh. That's hysterical. Yeah. Brian.
I want to get, tell him to get a life and he could tag QAM hello. Yeah. QAM hello. Hello. Yeah. I George, how's it going? Fine. How are you? I wanted to get on before one of which deal with a good vacation, but I guess I didn't make you didn't. Uh-huh. But secondly, send a telepathic message. Okay. Send them a text. Send them a live space message. I'll show them. I'm sure he'll get it. He won't be checking over and he's going to be somewhere in Europeia where they have internet cafes. So yeah, do that. Okay. Secondly, about the world.
I totally have to agree with you about the drivers in the town. I mean, it's unbelievable on the entire. I mean, I know I shouldn't even be talking to you right now on my cell phone while I'm driving, but I mean, I just want to call you. Oh, thank you. Uh-huh.
I actually put some thought and imagination in that phone call. Okay. Hopefully if she doesn't shine us, uh, not Jackie. She's the manager. Who did I say Rachel from revolution is going to be giving us an update of what's going on? They're having some Super Bowl party tonight that I'm not going to, but I will be going to some other events that we're going to be talking about. And we're going to have to take you along there. Chris. Now that you're doing the show with me. Turn the mic on and say that. That was good. 113 on all technical and adequate radio 560 W Q I M. Your brother. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to
be here. And you're making a groovy picture on your etchish sketch. Well, Fishery Price toys is bringing those good times back. Dude. This looks like the best batch yet. Oh, he is going to have me tweaking at no time. It's the Easy Bake meth oven.
Where's Jimmy? He's out.
Ripping off the unhideress. He said there's a farmer down my old man job in place that doesn't lock his tanks.
The easy bait, meth oven. You'll keep your kids busy for weeks. They'll hardly be able to sleep.
I want to admit that my friend is smiling at the box.
What? I can't understand you what that gas mask got.
They said, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I'll play son of those bad.
Seriously, man. Take that mask off.
No.
I don't feel so good.
The easy bait, meth oven.
Some assembly required not responsible for constant face picking loss of teeth or death.
From fishy price.
When I see in 560 QIM, hopefully Rachel is here on the line. Rachel.
Hi, I'm here.
Hey, excellent. Sorry I picked you up and put you on hold but we couldn't answer the phone because of that commercial break.
You know how I'm off.
Rachel shrift from revolution in Fort Lauderdale on Broward Boulevard and what avenue more or less?
Southwest Third Avenue.
We're giving the directions out because there's a lot of out of towners in town and South Beach is getting all this attention.
I know we've got to show some love for Fort Lauderdale, right?
Exactly because some of us who live in Fort Lauderdale like it and like revolution.
Is that part kid right by River Walk? Is that what that's called?
Yeah, it's about two blocks away from River Walk.
Parking garage and something like that.
Yeah, there's garage houses locked all around.
But I love the garage because I hate having to look for a parking spot.
Yeah, I know. There's plenty of parking.
Don't bother. Unlike South Beach, there's plenty of parking.
Yeah.
And you guys speak English and you have new castle in bottles there at the club.
Yes, we do.
So everything that I want except for my own personal chair kind of on the stage, I think I'd like to be, you know, instead of in front of the stage with a good view,
how about just right there on top of the stage so I can see my favorite acts from the comfort of a plus chair there?
I'll see what I can do.
The daughter had a great time last night. Thank you very much. She wants to see Durin Gray because she's into that kind of thing.
Yeah.
Like, Jack Rock and everything. She was excited.
It was a good show.
The lead singer. That's what she said. She said, kill the lead singer, cut himself again.
She likes it when people cut themselves.
Oh, okay.
And she said, she said there was lots of washing room unlike the vlogging Molly show where there was no washing room.
Yeah, they actually coming back.
Flogging Molly.
I know and I think I might go back to see them again.
Right.
She said there was a, the only downside was there was this big fat guy in the Marsh Pit group,
grown up in the girl.
So they had to, they had to smack him down, but he was wasted on something.
So it wasn't like it was in city or anything like that.
Like he was a purview.
It was just, you know, fat and desperate and obviously drunk or something like that.
What I needed your help for besides giving out a towner's directions to the club.
And by the way, you know, revolution is a polio place.
I don't understand.
There's, there's kind of like, what's that area on top like on the very top floor?
Is that like the floor?
We have a VIP section.
Like on the top floor?
Yeah.
To the outside because it looked like offices or an apartment?
Um, on the very top floor, some offices are, offices are located actually like two blocks away.
Okay.
Um, but yeah.
The boy, if that's an apartment, that's where I want to live.
Yeah, I know.
And then there's some acts get totally drunk and then just stumble into bed, not have to drive home.
Yeah.
What's this goose party?
Yeah, we have Tony, the goose, our goose is a six annual cheerleader party tonight.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
NFL cheerleaders, the ladies from Hooters, um, appearances by NFL greats, including Dan Marino,
Torrey Ackman, Michael Irving, and of course the goose himself.
I see.
Take it started 250.
There's going to be an open bar and food all night long.
Wow.
It's to be the die.
So for $2.50 an open bar, right?
Yeah, $2.50.
Wow, what a bargain.
No, well, they will be able to smell any actual dirty jock straps during that party or just a hand shaking event.
I would say maybe around three before in the morning you might be able to.
I see.
You think those ex jocks actually wear their jock straps, you know, afterwards?
I am not sure.
I would hope not.
See, see if they do since you'll be at the party check.
You know, ask maybe pull the back of their pants on a little bit, look down there, see if you see a jock strap.
Hello.
Because they're actually very, very comfortable if you don't know.
Oh, really?
I know.
Incredibly comfortable.
They keep everything very contained.
Interesting.
Very up, you know, right up front where you can keep control of everything.
I had some other questions.
For example, see, as you know, I'm very excited about going to the February 10th hot topic presents.
Oh, yeah.
Is that how topic the clothing store?
Hot topic.
Yeah, it is hot topic.
It's in group, isn't it?
Yeah.
I like red.
Oh, wrong thing.
What I meant to tell you was this.
I actually already played this on the year before.
Just so people get an idea of what we're talking about.
This is the sound pretty quick, but that one.
The red jumpsuit apparatus.
Very, very, very, the headliners.
I assume that red jumpsuit is.
Is that I just hang up on you?
Love this song.
It is a good song.
I play it loud in the car.
What is that?
So they're the headliners, I assume.
Yeah, they are.
And then there's about four other bands playing.
Emory, scary, kids, scary kids.
And then there's that one.
And then there's that one.
And then there's that one.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I have people in the Latavia they cannot go to United ShootingIRD today.
I know people are out of town, like let's say, people are out of town.
How can they take part or saat they have to buy their tickets in advance until they convince you to buy their tickets or tickets, yeah, there's tickets too high for quite a while.
There's tickets, institutional Taverfoll and you can get them out the door.
Also we're open Saturday and Sunday.
Abroad beneath the West.
Okay.
And then on Sunday we're going to be open for the Super Bowl with an airing on all of
our TVs and drink specials for both.
Directions is easy.
Just off of I-95, take Brad Boulevard East until you get to Southwestern.
Go over the tracks.
And it's on the first building on the left-hand side.
There you go.
That's easy.
Google map it.
Yep.
Or join the revolution.net.
You can get our number and directions.
Order tickets.
Everything you want.
So are you going to be there on Saturday February 10th?
Oh yeah, definitely.
So I'll be able to meet you.
Oh yeah, definitely.
Are you hot?
Oh yeah.
I'm a letch.
I'll be latching all around.
I'll be there with my wife most likely, but she's used to it.
I'll be latching all over you, licking your neck out.
I think my fiance is going to be coming too.
Excellent.
Yeah.
Don't worry.
I'll let you ride around and I'm sneaky.
I'm small and I'm fast.
Wonderful.
I'll let you subtly.
Thank you so much for helping me kill a segment and hoard the show.
All right.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
Not at all.
All right.
I have a good one.
You too.
Rachel Schrift.
You know, I forgot to ask her because you know, Neal says short shrift.
You've heard that before?
Yeah.
They paid him short shrift, which I don't even really knows what that means.
I wonder if she's ever heard that before.
Probably not.
That'd be cool because I'm short.
So if that were my last name, I could be short shrift.
Get it?
Would that be a good thing, though?
It'd be a thing.
How's that?
At this stage of my life, I'll take it.
It's a thing.
126 on all-Hore Radio 560 QAM.
I'm in.
Knocked.
And this is her.
I am her.
Coming up tonight.
An inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
An inside the behind exclusive.
Last four words.
We go 20 years into the future to find out what will probably happen with Kevin Federline.
Don't worry, you'll pay.
Don't worry, you'll pay.
This day in 2030 is an historic one for modern genetic science.
We have discovered that Kevin Federline is actually an identifiable subclass of human being,
known as Talivus Sponge Opacus.
His species also includes such gold diggers as Aninacole Smith and closeted gay men who marry rich elderly women
and wonder why they have no problem getting it up for 85-year-old Hoontang.
That Kevin Federline is part of a separate species of loser.
Kim is no surprise.
But the research that uncovered it could not have happened without President Oprah Winfrey's generosity.
And it is only the beginning, according to a recent speech given by her vice president, Dr. Phil.
Kevin Federline will be fine.
But what about the true victims here?
The 10 children he had with Paris Hilton.
Now that America knows 100% of its shopping online, there are no more convenient stores for trade and trash celebrity children to rock.
Britney, you're almost 50 years old.
Please put on some underwear.
We have no interest in seeing glass.
Secretary of State, Ashton Kutcher, was unavailable for comment as he is admitting his in-billied wife to me more into an exclusive rest home in the warm, tropical climate of the Antarctic.
Hies there are expected to reach the low 100s.
Sweet!
Thank you, Al Gore.
It's a big, juicy, shopping-led look at show business.
Tonight, on inside the behind.
And what does Pope Isal mean once again?
28-2-560-WQAM.
So you hear the latest K-fed update because you know, whatever he does, we're going to keep you posted until he disappears completely from the face of the earth.
There's nothing more than a pain in the...
Well, you know that speaking of the Super Bowl, he's going to be in an ad or an ad already.
Doing the fast food, something or other.
Under-tax Super Bowl ad for, oh, nationwide insurance because they found a demeaning to fast food workers.
Remember that controversy and you'll read the story or something like that.
Whatever.
I didn't see the ad.
Maybe they're going to show it in the Super Bowl.
Well, Taco Bell is offering him a job as a promotional vehicle thing.
That's kind of an upgrade for him, isn't it?
I would say so.
At least, well, he might be successful.
But get this. Here's what caught my eye about this story.
Taco Bell, president, are you ready for this?
Greg Creed.
Greg Creed.
That sounds kind of familiar.
Yeah, it does.
Promise to give away free food to customers if Kevin comes out and works at the chain for only a one-hour shift.
I'll tell you what.
That's one hour longer than he would have worked anywhere else.
I still don't know why faxes are coming.
Our fax number here on the Neal Rogers show, whether or not Neal is actually here, is 305-650-0198.
305-650-0198.
The number to call and talk, and I'd say, hey, if you're from out of town, call and talk, and we're here to help you.
We'll give you some advice and some survival tips, even some survival Spanish, if that's what it takes.
But I have a feeling that we'll just hear from our crazies.
But just in case, 5667-0566 is our number and date and brown word.
0560 is free if you have Verizon or Singular.
877-785-6345 is a toll-free, anywhere else on that line.
You have a positive look on your faces.
Any of that stuff worth while.
Is any of that worth anything or is it a bunch of bladering nonsense?
Someone wants to prove to, I guess, Neal and you that there's life after death.
I see. That sounds like a threat.
Why don't you save that? We'll give that to the police.
No, they said they could have a really good story and they couldn't get through.
They can't get through. See, that's a lie.
No, from their work that they can't call our number.
That's a personal problem.
We're doing a talk show over here.
We'll set it aside. I'll look at it and see if it's worth talking about.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
Gilbert Irvita.
QAM Hello.
Gilbert Solomon, ladies and gentlemen.
Driving on the roads of South Florida, speaking to people that couldn't drive their finger up their butt.
Hello.
Hello, George. How's it going?
How's it going? How you doing?
All right. All right. Trying to survive. Trying to survive right here with all these auto-towers.
Hey, welcome them. This is supposed to be a tourist economy.
If you see someone with an auto-town plate being nice to them, be courteous.
Pretend that you're not from here for just a few minutes.
I'll be happy to welcome them. All the other single ladies. I'll see you up there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on now.
Be a gracious host.
Listen, if you say with the A, you're okay. With the E-R, you went too far.
Okay. I don't know what that means, but it sounded funny. QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
You know, Joseph, you can say what you want about all the people going to the town.
I'm a real football fan. And driving through up this track and dealing with all these crazies that are down here.
I kind of learned here. We get wait from Monday so they can all get the heck out of here.
Everybody talks about all the great parties and mistresses and that.
But for an average Joe below that's out here.
But for who's the thing that they're going to spend all this time with us and go to a party?
People that have more money than either one of us. That's who?
That's right. You know, I'm not going to get me some chronic and hang out all weekend by myself.
I mean, I'm going to be doing.
Hey, hey, hey, let me tell you something. I'm going to be smoking a Super Bowl.
Yeah, oh, yeah, you better do it. I'm going to smoke a true.
You're a huge, you're a big one.
There will be Super Bowl Sunday. I bought myself a great extra big one.
I made it out of the mixing bowl. I just drilled a hole in the bottom of the mixing bowl from the blender there.
There you go. You have a burnt bottle.
Okay. I'm going to throw a bail in there and climb in after it. QAM, hello.
George.
Yeah.
A good afternoon to you. Hey, listen, man. I told him I'm a sequitur.
I remember when you were here.
Yeah, you remember when Neil was asking about skirt steak and what it is.
Yeah, Jorascod, apparently, you come to find out.
Huh? It's Jorascod.
Well, what it actually is if you want to get right down to it.
I really, but go ahead.
It is the diaphragm muscle.
It's a muscle that makes a diaphragm work.
And it's very beefy and it was given by the people who had the ranches where all the compicinos worked.
Okay.
As you know, something to do, they characterized them by heat and that's more of a skirt steak.
All right. That muscle.
Okay. Thank you very much. It's diaphragm.
They just won after another of hot-babe, babylicious.
I don't know who that was on the beach.
We don't have to worry about it on the show.
Channel 23, if you hear from out of town on your cable selection.
I think this is 69.
Is it not? Telemundo?
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
I have not.
Is is and I have not.
I either have not really been in the show.
But I think you haven't experienced start  sporting World Tour anyone has not learnt what the
But see, here's how it is.
Like, did you ever see the movie gangs of New York?
All right, well, they do, it's kind of like a documentary.
I'm not recommending it as a movie,
but they explain at the beginning of the movie
and it's something that we already understood
that when people come from other countries,
the locals hassle them.
That's the way it always has been, you know,
whoever, even during the colonial days,
the newbies would show up on the boat
and the locals would hassle them.
And so the cum lately is the recent arrivals
from wherever it is that they came from
would feel very threatened.
And so they would huddle together
in their own little ethnic group
for camaraderie and mutual protection, et cetera,
and so on.
But it begins with a feeling of being threatened by the locals.
All right, whether it's a real feeling or not,
it's just a perception.
You understand?
Maybe it could start with a dirty look
or something, maybe it's founded, maybe it's unfounded.
Who knows what, but that's where it starts.
Is the desire to not assimilate.
It comes from a feeling of being threatened, all right?
So we're trying to get away from that, you know.
See, personally, I had a very positive experience
because we didn't live here.
We moved immediately into really red necky areas.
And let me say this about the red necks
and all the jerk water towns that I ever lived
in all across America.
They were very nice to me.
As foreign as I was, they were very nice to me.
They were very excited that some new person was there
that they could introduce things to.
Oh, you're from somewhere else.
Let me show you.
Here's the local thing.
Here's something to do.
Here's what we eat.
They were always very nice to me because you know what?
It wasn't.
It wasn't here.
They were other places.
It wasn't here.
I happened to be lucky enough to find myself in places
where some nice people lived.
And so I was very happy to become a part of the new culture
that my family had moved to.
You understand?
Yes.
And so I learned English very quickly.
I embraced all American things very quickly.
I wanted to be a part of this new group of people
that I had just met because they were so GD nice.
Obviously, if they had been some other way,
I might not have been so enthusiastic
to become part of the new culture
that I had encountered.
You understand?
So the assimilation process starts with you,
my bigoted drunk and Irish friend.
You need to be a little bit more kind.
That doesn't mean yield.
You understand?
It just means, you know, learn English,
it'll be better for you.
We have such sites to show you.
All you gotta do is learn English.
That's all.
That's because what's they do that
than everything else will follow?
You understand?
Yes.
But that's phase one.
Encourage them to learn English.
You see, if there's a party going on over here
and fun things happening and things like that
and somebody feels apprehensive about coming over
because they don't speak the language,
grab them by the hand and say,
no, we'll teach you one thing at a time.
See this?
You say, said, Vesah, we say beer.
Beer, it's easier.
It's one syllable versus three.
You can say it, beer.
You see?
Little by little.
You see, look at the bonds we're making already
because of the Spanish language television.
We have things to show each other.
We have things to share.
Isn't that what America's supposed to be all about?
Definitely.
All these people from all over the world
come in together and finding some common ground.
And I believe that English should be the official language,
not just of America, but of the world
because we have other people's languages
all built into English.
American English is a mishmash of all these other languages.
So, already, it's kind of like Esperanto.
It's like it's already a big stew.
So let's just encourage people to take part
in the English language by inviting them to the parties
and helping them along little by little.
That's how you do it.
Well, you do know it's the official language
of aviation, correct?
I do know that.
And Latin used to be the official language of like medicine
and science, but I think that's English now.
I think that's the operating language,
even if it isn't the official language.
And we could go on, but I'm already boring myself.
And it's time for that break.
18-122 on all English language radio, 560 W or like QAM.
You said you're the not bitch,
and I got a bitch with me.
I'm the way to begin telling you what's wrong with that.
Don't try to hear me.
Don't know.
Don't try to hear me.
Don't know.
Don't know.
You love me.
You love me.
You're the best with me.
So that's what you make.
Thank you.
What's wrong with growing through your future in Hillary Hall?
Hillary, Hillary, Hillary, the best.
So like you.
You're the snotties that jotted to me.
Don't run Hillary.
Don't know.
Don't run Hillary.
Don't know.
Don't know.
You love me.
You love me.
I just tell you that I can smell you
across the room.
You're in a bunch of sports balls with an attitude.
No, no.
Hillary, Hillary, the best.
So like you.
You're the baby blue suits.
You're a snotties that jotted to me.
No wonder Bill Gates on you.
You.
Thank you, Boca-Briner.
I'm glad Neil's reading all those stories about her
that green persimmons sucking bitch.
You know what she's always got an expression on her face
like she's smelling a fart possibly her own.
You know what it's like?
She's smelling something bad.
Like there's some smell she's trying to identify.
Ewww.
Sour.
If you're looking to say, oh, it's really easy.
You said, no, I don't think that she's a good person.
I don't think she's a good candidate.
I don't think she has a chance of winning.
And Barack, I think he's a good person.
And he's a good candidate.
And I don't think he's got a chance of winning either.
How do you like that?
I agree with you, Barack.
Not because I'm a prejudice, but I think that generally speaking people
are a little bit more prejudice than they would want to admit
to other people or maybe even themselves.
How's that?
He might make a good vice presidential running mate.
What do you think?
Along with a good old boy like Edwards, for example,
somebody with a little bit of a twang, a little bit of a draw
to balance the ticket off there.
Just a theory.
Just thinking out loud there.
I got an email from somebody saying that there's some controversy
about red jumpsuit apparatus.
I don't know what the controversy is, but I'll be happy to.
So here's a call or I just sent a guy back.
What's the controversy?
Person?
It's one of those email addresses that, you know,
it's just a whole bunch of letters and characters and things.
QAM Hello.
Yes, you are Gilbert.
QAM Hello.
Gilbert Solomon.
That was a hard-to-died person.
Hello.
Hey, you dropped in someone who likes H.
Super Bowl being here.
Is this going, Mike?
Nope.
But I live on my Amy Beach.
Oh, good God help you.
QAM And I can't find a parking place.
They had it on the news.
I said, you know, local people might want to...
Let's have a win, man.
I live there and I have to look for a parking space.
QAM Yeah, all the places in my zone are taken up.
We're going to have to actually pay the parking garage.
Yeah, that's his paradise.
QAM For the weekend.
That's great.
You know, that's a 12-month today just a park.
It just went for the privilege to park...
Right.
QAM 20 blocks from the park.
I can't stand going on there.
You know, I remember going to South Beach when I was a little kid.
When there were another old people on rockers on those, you know, front porch is there.
And yeah, I loved it.
I thought the art deco buildings were great and all this other stuff.
Just that one aspect of it keeps me away from there.
The traffic and the parking there.
QA Do you want to know how many times...
Another move to the beach?
Yes, how many times have I actually been to the damn beach?
QAM I don't know.
QAM Zero?
QAM Close.
QAM I know.
QAM I would have five minutes from Hollywood Beach and we don't go as often as we should either.
QAM Go figure.
QAM It's so crowded now when we used to live on the mainland.
QAM I got no excuse.
We have easy parking.
QAM Now that we go to the beach it's like, oh, God, it's too crowded.
QAM It come up to Broward now.
QAM We got it.
QAM You know, Hollywood Beach has nice parking all over the place.
QAM Well, I'm waiting for a lot of here.
This is the place where I need to rip my hair out.
QAM I mean, they're the same as leaving South Florida but it's a nice first step.
QAM I'm ready to entail myself on one of these zone one parking signs.
QAM Just saw it off and use it like a battle ax.
QAM We're on the city bus trying to get home from the parking garage.
QAM Good luck to us all.
QAM Hello.
QAM That's because he lives in a park and he just...
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hey George.
QAM Hey what?
QAM Hey I'm on the west coast here.
You want some bad driving?
You come down here and make you look comfortable.
QAM Oh no.
I've visited the west coast over there.
I've driven through it.
QA haven't spent a significant amount of time there but it can't be worse.
QAM See everything you've got.
QAM We've got here and then more of it.
QAM I'm a taxi driver.
QAM You've got all the people.
QAM I'm telling you I've seen all the time.
QAM Good traffic and masks on.
QAM Lane bring their brain down there.
QAM Listen.
Have the population here is from a country where they drove donkeys.
QAM I got you.
QAM Hey drove asses.
QAM Now they're asses driving.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hello.
QAM Hey.
QAM Hey.
QAM Hey.
QAM This truck boulevard man.
QAM I'm warning.
QAM Hey.
QAM Tourist.
QAM If it says this truck boulevard, you're on the wrong road.
QAM Hey.
QAM I love this truck man.
QAM Remember when I repot with repo cars from St.Purg boulevard?
QAM And the crack heads would come over and watch like we have an audience.
QAM Hey.
QAM Well they were very nice.
QAM They were very polite.
QAM What you doing in mankind?
QAM I mean from the bank we're here to repot.
QAM They made say something that we couldn't say.
QAM What's happening man?
QAM You know what I tell you, it's just truck.
QAM Very friendly crack heads.
QAM I use cist truck to cut through.
QAM You said west.
QAM Nobody's on it.
QAM nobody white's on it.
QAM Right.
QAM Listen, if you're whitening your own cist truck,
the cops are going to pull you over because they're going to accuse you of looking for something.
What are you doing in this neighborhood son?
Yeah, I'm gonna give my friends X in business.
You take care too. Look at that. We're done.
These one hour show is boy.
She's doing a few more of these eight till two on almost the hell out of here radio 560 QIM.
This is Err.
We are moon and nights from the inner core of the moon.
You say right.
Alright.
It's the boobry's trying to play that clip.
Come on everybody.
Don't look here man.
We gonna play a game.
We be flipping trips that ride.
Any fun that keeps me busy.
No, what you doing now?
You take a funky joke with it.
That's a boy.
It's busted some skills to make it run.
That's a fucking joke.
Check out what other gig is.
What you talking about.
You have a sound and no sound.
Shut up.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, what's he up on?
That's a bad one.
Jesus, he's a bad one.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
