I mean look at Rosie.
Anybody that has to kiss Rosie, I feel very sorry for it.
Some phone videos, and I'll say it's execution.
And Nicole Smith hasn't until the end of the day to get an eternity test for her four month
full of daughter and Smith claims that boyfriend Howard K. Stern is the father.
The coach of Indianapolis, when Super Bowl 41, the tug of war over Anna Nicole's body,
Howard K. Stern wants to bury Anna Nicole in the Bahamas.
A space shuttle astronaut is doing a Florida courtroom this morning to face serious
charges stemming from an alleged love triangle.
Police say 43 or Alisa Noah act was armed with a BB gun and knife when she drove from
Houston to Orlando to confront a woman she considered her romantic rival.
There are reports to see reward diapers to not stop.
It's called live earth and it will involve concerts on seven continents to promote awareness
of global warming.
Video Britney Spears with a shaved head circulates over the internet now and around the world.
Well it took a big court battle with the body of Anna Nicole Smith has finally been in bomb.
America voting.
San Gaya.
You are going home tonight.
Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin has died at the age of 76.
Rosalindon will deliver the bomb show on the view this morning.
It outsting she's leaving the show.
Her Paris Health and be going to jail.
More legal trouble today for actor David Hasselhoff.
Big fat lesbian loud rosy attacks innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
Ligelo and cracks up her car.
Jailed life for Paris Hilton.
The hotel he is spending her first full day in a county long.
Paris Hilton has been sprung.
Remanding Paris Hilton back into custody immediately.
If President Bush did not act in her vice president,
Cheney's former aide would have been reported to prison in a matter of weeks.
Al Gore-san has been released from the Santa Ana Jail after reportedly posting a $20,000 bail.
Actress Lindsay Lowe is now out of rehab and reportedly already spent the weekend
worrying in Las Vegas.
Anti-war act of the Cindy Shea and several hundred protesters are calling for the impeachment
of President Bush.
We had Lindsay Lowe in book down the show tonight but apparently she was already booked.
And have you heard about the Britney Spears photoshoot?
Her behavior has been described now as a complete meltdown.
Nicole Richie is president.
Richie led guilty last week to driving under the influence last December for driving the wrong way on the freeway.
Another much shot for Lindsay Lowe.
Barry Barnes has become baseball's new home run king but is his record tainted?
Playing bumper cars with Britney Spears.
Could this be her latest meltdown?
Rather to reportedly crashing her Mercedes into a park station wagon in Hollywood when inspecting
the damage she managed to hit the car again.
Harle Road has called it quits.
If Lennon was so bad Hillary Clinton had to switch from her pantsuit to wetsuit.
The tell is recalling millions of Chinese made toys today.
On the day Michael Vitch should have been with his Atlanta Falcon teammates getting ready for tonight's big game.
The star quarterback instead was in a federal courtroom pleading guilty to dull fighting charges.
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident in an airport men's room.
Craig stated he is not gay three times saying he did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis airport.
Today a very confused president bush oughted a ban on all pencils in Florida from China because he said they may contain the lead.
I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people at the Minneapolis Air Force.
Las Vegas police are calling OJ Simpson a suspect.
He says he was conducting quote a saying operation out of sync and stumbling around.
Britney Spears big comeback full flat.
Pamela Anderson has walked down the aisle once again.
Yes you know by now Britney Spears has lost custody of her children.
He has.
We just got to tuck them in at night and let's sink a lullaby to the end.
Kid Rock is out of jail following his arrest after allegedly fighting outside a waffle house
restaurant in the Atlanta area.
Harry Potter fans this one's for you.
It turns out the character dumbledore is gay.
Vice President Dick Cheney is going hunting again.
I don't know if the writer is going to strike her now.
Watson Coles this is the latest in NFL history that undeatent teams have met.
House Democrats introduced a proposal yesterday to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney.
Another Mark Scare for Vice President Dick Cheney.
Cascial Virsch Hill radio host Don I'm Mrs. Back on the air.
Former Vice President Al Gore and members of the U.M. Climate Change panel are now
officially novel laureates for their work on global warming.
House beat Pittsburgh 3413 13 at O now the MBC announced that Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien
are returning to TV in January.
Emily Anderson she filed for the worst on Friday.
Then yesterday she had a tanger heart.
A cup of kindness yet for all inside.
We'll take a cup of kindness and for all the lands.
Oh doesn't that bring a tear to your eye to your um
back home from I.
Oh 1005 at 560 W.A. and FB Wednesday.
You were such a hard ass.
What?
You're supposed to be a little bit uh you know blurry eyed all
you know thinking back about all I cracked that happened in last year.
I was choking back at here.
I've been choking back here since listening to those Jay Leno droppings.
You know if those were droppings from when the writers were actually working I mean I guess they were.
Well what is that all about can you explain that to me?
He's not funny.
He's not funny.
Whether without the writers he's not funny.
He's funny looking but he's not funny.
And he's gotten better as the years have gone along though.
Has he really?
Yeah because during this writer strike they were showing like old
ones.
Yeah.
And I'm just like I'd watch like about 10 minutes I see his monologue and I'm just like
wow why are you re showing this one it's just I mean
nobody else.
And I'm like why would you choose this one to me that line about Hillary changing from a
pantsuit to a wetsuit and then it needs a writer to come up with something like that.
Yeah well you know are you freaking kidding me but anyway
Hey happy holidays.
Happy whatever you're celebrating baby and I'm so glad
I'll go again another week to go.
Happy boxing day now.
Yeah happy boxing day.
I got the whole history of boxing day in my pile here I'll get to that eventually.
It is boxing day in Canada and in much of Europe and in New Zealand.
You know I was wondering over the weekend because the one of the channels is that
well I guess it was CBC.
They're all intensive with the world family lately I don't know what that
that's all about but they're showing all these all these
specials about the queen and the world family the Batonburgs all these Nazi
bastards running even and I don't know which is silly or the queen or the
Pope.
Yes I think that's a good poll question.
Yes.
Yes what both yes leave them.
I mean which queen is the silly or one.
I like that poll question and it keeps showing this crap about her
she's curtsy and which was a little girl and all you have to do uh
you have to curtsy when you meet me because I'm going to be the queen
yeah I'm a queen and nobody ever curtsy to me.
I just don't get it all you silly ass brits.
So stupid and of course oh this was the year that my this was just hell this year
and everybody got divorced yeah they got real problems over there and she's
only worth 330 million let's take up a collection for the queen.
Well you almost caught her then.
Here's the poll from the last two days and when was this poll oh I guess
did they read this yesterday or not?
Oh yeah they did.
Well Christ.
You can read it again.
No I don't want to do that that would be cheating.
Now let me just say this I want to go on record of saying right now
today is December 26th and we got just a little over a year to go here on QA
and we got that contract rate I think everybody is finally coming down
taking little deep breaths over the holidays coming back to earth including
Norma and Joyce and this one and that one I don't know about Jolly Joe I'm not
okay I'm sure not sure if he's capable of coming down to earth or not
he brought his breakfast yesterday.
He didn't he did yeah he brought you breakfast yeah and there was some denys
he said they give him oh my god movies trying to kill you do you have a nice chat
um Mary Christmas how you doing stuff like that
well good we put his own on the air peace on earth and good peace on man
like Larry Craig would do so that's yeah everybody we're just going to do our next year
and calm down that's all take the chicks all this hysteria is not going to do
anybody any good all the anger you know all out of the crept it's not going to do
any good christ just try to calm yourself down and when little George comes
back and then it includes chicken act too okay so you're not
getting paid too bad I just sent him a big fat check just in time for the holidays
wasn't that nice to me very nice yeah big fat one chicken act I mean the same as
usual but nevertheless a lot of money try to do the best you can if not go on well for
something like that and then quit doing all those hostile nasty bits too I got a
disc here with all they're very funny I can't play any of them I mean I could but I'm not gonna
I don't want to so here's the pool we got on there for the last two days
that's close now maybe we'll get a spire report maybe Curtis in the beast did a great job
yesterday maybe they can be candidates here's one of their favorite colors right here
go back with the sweet please the world wishes that you go into a deep sleep for a long time
at least for another year would be good not the alarm clock you know January 1st 2009
let that alarm clock wake him up again wake it up so how did they do you still
maybe for the show they did okay yesterday they worked well together I had a good time
they work well together really you know no matter whether it's a sports or not a sports show now
you know we know yeah they get along very well so yeah we had a good time who was the lead singer
I mean who was uh beast was the one sitting in the Georgia chair I see so beast was like
um he was basically gonna run the show yeah and offended just yeah Curtis wasn't used to being
you know out of the other studio and you know how to get used to not wearing headphones and
you know the whole thing so he was kind of a little out of sorts for the first part of it so
really yeah Curtis uh-huh easy going Curtis he's now by the way a two-to-step
known for the mad dog then we got the power hour with Hank you realize Hank's only got like uh
I don't know how many days Wednesday Thursday let me look on Friday's schedule he's on on Friday
and then I think Hank's last day is Monday before they go to the new schedule on the
Wednesday what's gonna be on Tuesday we know it's New Year's Day yeah it is like a little bit
like yesterday minus me hopefully in other words you know you're you're making a
stint day that you're not gonna be working on New Year's Day and if they don't like that they can
jam it yeah something like that and uh you just uh dropped off for a second I did yep
only in that you know why why because the delay thing came on again they did what it was yeah
well they they don't want to fix that and you know what that's okay I don't care 747
I don't I don't I'll be here every day doing the damn best I can and that's all I can tell you
so we got this pull it's been up there for two days now the new one Eric's already got the other
one to switch to for tomorrow yeah he said you can switch if you want to we can just say now
if you wanted to you don't like this one we got on here I actually think this is pretty good
to tell you about it after the break let's have a little disperse by the time I go to New
Rogers 48 you're 5.60 QAM the sports leader my god your breasts are beautiful
all morning long it's been just fine and now back like that I can handle it don't worry
I can handle anything 2000 for sure sucks next year we'll have more love I can see it now I bet they'll cure
my cow might even fight a cure for that guy might for more when you feel you're SUV that dash will
all be free eat when push cuts are taxes deficits will still go down and rather will not use
taxes Osama will be found I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East all kids will
graduate and clear eyes will be sounds great please let it be a great year I sure hated this
year don't need wars or elections and no more blue infections TV will be cleaner and
Star Jones will be a leader let's all look down the bright side is 2000 to down in 2005 1017 at 560 WQM I
bet you're all the kids are out of school right for the holidays for Christmas in Chanukah and New
Year and stuff right correct so make sure that the kids know that there is no Santa Claus there are
no elves there are fairies but that's another story you better the New Year thing is just it's
sand well I'm very happy because it just means you're one more year closer to death all very happy
right now about years and you're not dropping out well that's good during the break we did
though really yeah I told here we go again I just told course of that we're having to drop out
straight away you just drop out there you told who I told course and he said okay we'll have to
try and find out what the hell is going on here he's such a clown you know so I'm like you're
gonna fight about the pole here what's up with that what happened to I thought we were gonna fight
about it no I changed my mind during the break was I don't want to fight about anything
it's today after Christmas it's Boxing Day happy Boxing Day all the stores opened it like they're
all the big stories like the you know future shop and places like that opened like at 430 this
morning they're all standing online because everything's 50% off today after Christmas that's not
too bad you have no boxy way there though I can't believe that you actually asked me before
the show today well they have Christmas in Canada hey like I said I was pretty sure and I said
yesterday you were pretty happy to have Christmas that's like saying is it Wednesday in Canada is it
no that's all times don't think it's a week before it's so close anyway here's the pole that we
hit on the last two days if you were in the market for plastic surgery which one procedure would
you need most right now here's somebody needs it I thought it was on my toothbrush 752 votes on the
pole 752 and that was the total well it was Christmas day in the day before Christmas Christmas
Christmas Eve what do you want so I got the new one on there all right liposuction or is that
liposuction 196 only if you have it on your lips it's the post-suction P9 enlargement 175 hmm
hair transplant 104 tummy tuck 83 says change 42 facelift 38 an hose job 34 fixed my droopy
eyelids 27 boy is not you know that's one thing about Bob Lanceter rest in peace he had the
fattest droopiest eyelids that's fat do you have fat eyelids no well then that's really fat and
now he's dead I did yesterday what there was every place was closed yesterday but I did find one
one of those small supermarket type places that's open 24 seven never closes was it a Chinese one
no and I got ice cream I got the Haganaz rocky road boy I'm getting fat as a cow I'm a little
over 190 now boy that you better start screaming in the island because that's not good I haven't
been over 190 in a long time not good you better start doing exercises droopy eyelids 27 breath
reduction 14 fix my ears 10 brow lift 10 bigger boobs eight pectoral implants eight and butt
augmentation back home only three out of 752 okay that was yesterday's pull let's take a look and
see what we got under today for you now now you're not happy that we change that I change I have no
problem with changing it good I just ran it out box today it was getting rid of boxy for it look
at that we got 28 votes on here already on this one I just put it up there after I die I expect
I honestly have no clue 13 were you better start thinking about it but for those of you who
haven't figured it out yet I want you to think about this when you step on an ant when you step
on a cockroach you ever have a cockroach like in the kitchen your turn on the light and there's
one on the floor yeah use a little step on why not that's the whole squishing thing well what about an
ant yeah of course you can step on the ant right yeah or you'd like to swat it like that right
uh-huh like a mosquito like that right uh-huh now what happens to that ant after you step on it
after you grind it with your shoe into the pavement well I think that's all one time like a little
like a whisp go up so I figure that was it sold even yeah it now it's sold was going into Ant heaven
exactly I honestly had no clue 13 become nothing more than worm food six have a good rest five
that was my addition Charlie be I put that on there that's what I voted for have a good rest
because after a long stressful life god only knows and I'm talking about there's no god either
kids there's no Santa Claus there's no god it's just a bunch of crap that the silly people made up
a long time ago and your parents keep telling you this because their parents told them
it's a good way to hate each other oh my god I got the right god uh live on an afterlife too
become a ghost one and be reincarnated one see the whole thing about reincarnation is if you came
back like as a rabbit would you would you know would you remember that you were like christian
former life would you follow what I'm saying yeah I'll tell you what it happens I mean
I'll look you up live on an afterlife and what what are you gonna be doing in the afterlife with
nobody I you're gonna be singing I ain't got nobody there's another one no sirens man
well a lot ambulances and a lot of paramedics and a lot of people go to the hospital a lot of
dying going on even on a holidays god screws up the will Smith thing really just is I don't know
I never liked him in the first place see I will admit to one thing since that's just time of the year
no I admit to one thing and that is that there are a lot of people in show business I don't like
it all or in politics and some of them are white and many of them are black but when one of them is
like like the guy Tony Harris on CNN I wouldn't care if he was purple I don't care what skin color is
I just can't stand him he meets my skin crawl I cannot stand him his whole routine that he puts
on there just nauseating and the thing was will Smith I mean I don't just like Will Smith because
he's black I just dislike him because I find him obnoxious do you like Will Smith I don't have a
problem with himself oh you know you just cut out again I don't have a problem with him
I heard I heard what you said you know I'll say it again but you can say it again because if you
say everything twice it kills a lot of good time okay okay oh you cut out bad there oh oh
oh now how can that be happening everything was fine we kind of can family to this morning I heard
Joe Rose everything is a sound to just great all the spots we're finding all of a sudden after we
came on the first break like that Will Smith sees the good and Hitler said the Harold son in Australia
you as actor Will Smith has stunned fans by reportedly declaring that Nazi dictator and all Hitler was
essentially a good person I didn't like Will Smith before and now I hate him like poison I hated him
anyway just something about him I just he I think it's called a lot L.O.T you know what that stands
for no lack of talent and I will see an instaure to follow up is that Will Smith is angry over
celebrity gossip website articles that said he missed that he said misinterpreted a recent remark
he made in a Scottish newspaper about eight-all Hitler a Scottish paper yeah baby ever been to
Scotland not yet you think that the birds are constantly the one of the Scottish of course they
invented golf so what does that tell you are you a golf person I I was gonna say I played I
don't know if I was ever good enough to say I played golf but I just got to know you know
and it's you not oh you I'm playing a couple years but we you know I mean the friends just got
there how some fun you know kind of kick a ball around as good as you could so I can say we
probably wrecked a couple golf carts well good I'm glad to hear it an astray public Saturday
in the daily records Smith was quoted as saying even Hitler didn't wake up going let me do the most
evil thing I can do today I think he woke up in the morning using a twisted backwards logic he
said out to do what he thought was good well guess what come over here Will I got to sharpen
knife let me do what I think is good I got a gun here will the quote was preceded by the writer's
observation remarkably will believes everyone is basically good over the week I guess he never
worked in this business over the weekend doesn't this celebrity gossip websites posted articles
about the comment many saying that Smith believe that Hitler was a good person it's an awful and
disgusting lie Smith said in the statement provided by his publicist to the Monday it speaks to
the dangerous power of an ignorant person with a pen I mean incensed and infuriated to have
responded such ludicrous misinterpretation it all Hitler was a vile heinous vicious killer responsible
for the greatest act of evil committed on this planet where the statement although I did like his
cookies his heinous heinous you like famous aim is a little chip oh come on you can eat
I haven't had a long time different what I haven't had on a long time no boy eat the holy candy
one doesn't one of those things it's like addictive you eat the first one and I get it's
stimulates your taste buds baby does attack dance on your taste buds and you want to eat the whole
bag famous aim this man that's what I'm in my right or what I can't understand anything he's saying
Santa Claus is real don't tell me anything otherwise okay I can't even understand
it I don't sound the same you're looking he's in good form today though it's good he's like my
pen pal today at least we got somebody calling in there we should get a lot of calls here today
so they have to Christmas no more excuses now I would think a lot of people would be calling in
especially enough the papiates are 15 and the oh and it often is lost again well that was the
game I mean oh there's no a contender when no contest it was a a walkover and this crap about well
what do you think the giants are gonna be really motivated for that game the giants suck okay an
Eli Manning he is the epitome of suck he's so bad so pathetic he's like a bad high school quarterback
he's no reason to me why they stink so bad is there any argument about that no 52 votes on the
pool after I die expect to honestly I have no clue 25 go outside step on a couple of incidents
so thinking about look at his anything about until he read for his leader
you know bearing in Lebanon and most of the Yankees day out of peligro in chasing gmb
But do you recall the most juiced up picture of all?
Clemens, the juiced up rocket, will make the honor fend cuts
Because they don't be picture, had a kneeling in his butt
All of the baseball riders, like a guy whose pee is clean
They're never let forager, get to their coupers, how seen
One day in the locker room, Clemens showed no class
He said to his trainer, guys shoot some steroids in my ass
He got a bunch of strikeouts, we all bought, he was run free
And the rocket is still playing, even though he's 83
Okay, 1032 and 560, it won't be QAM
Not getting much response on the phone here today, I guess it's Boxing Day and so forth, do you think?
Yeah, probably not
I'm just looking to the store to take stuff back, which I guess isn't Friday the big day for you and then?
The Friday after Christmas, well whatever, now I want to give you a little sample so you know that I'm not making it up
Of what I'm hearing on this end
It's the Metro PCS Orange Bowl basketball classic, the Bank of Latinx set
For tickets called 305-414-702, what does it look like?
I got their Orange Bowl, limiting your best
Are you ready for some football?
That's pretty fun, okay, well that's pretty fun there
Hey, it's kind of like the Chinese water treatment, you know, I think it's part of a well, we're going to drive in crazy, I like that
I don't care, it doesn't bother me, I'm used to, we've had this many times before
But the bizarre thing is that it just comes out of nowhere
Yeah
I mean, everything was fine and just like normal, like a regular ordinary day when things aren't totally screwed up
And all of a sudden that, like that, spastic, that would be QAM, hello
Hey, how are you doing, buddy?
Yes, sir, happy new year
Happy new year, kid
Hey, Jared, Joe Rogues, show this morning
Did I hear Jolly Joe know?
I bet it was 100% better with Jason Jackson on there
Yeah
Well, yeah, one of the nooses around Joe's neck they took out, that's a good move I think
Yeah, it's a great move, next to move
I thought I got the same meal
Okay, thanks
And Jason Jackson says happy new year too, by the way, Jack's jerks, whatever his name is
He's going to be doing two to four and then the mad dogs going back to four to seven
Starting January the turn, or the second, whatever, next Wednesday
Second
Like I said, next Wednesday, what day is next Wednesday?
The second
Right, like I said, exactly
Sixty-six votes already on the pool, how do you like that?
We got a shout out to 100 today
Oh, right, on Boxing Day
WQAM, hello
Good afternoon, actually good morning, Neil
Good evening, sir, yes
Hi, how are you doing?
As a professor's Catholic, I just want to let you know, before the year's end, you will burn hell and Jesus will light the flame
I'm looking forward to it
Okay, bye-bye
Thank you
I'm going to burn in hell, you're going to burn down there, mister
Or like Linda Blair said, you're going to die up there, and then she peed on the floor, remember that in the exorcist?
Not, I remember
Do you remember the priest was playing the piano?
I have only seen the exorcist once, and the pilot was there, and she comes down the stairs in her nightgown
And she stands and looks at him and says, you're going to die up there
And they all kind of like, look, stop what they're doing and take a look
And then she proceeds to pee on the floor on the carpet
I don't remember the part
Well, I hope you could possibly have seen the exorcist and not remember that part
Because I remember going down the stairs spider-style, so
You know what that's like?
That's like saying, I saw the exorcist, but I don't remember the part where they were all yelling
That's a problem, Christ, don't press your back
You know, how is that possible?
Well, you just, you just dumb WQAM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I can't believe they're going to give that to Jason Jackson, they should have gave it to Curtis
Yeah
Because then Curtis and, uh,
Well you know something sir, that's what they're doing
You know what I mean? In other words, that's what they're going to do
And we consider it say, oh, they should have done this, they should have done that
But that's not what they're doing, it's going to be Jason Jerk's two to four
Wow, because then, him and Curtis could have done the power hour
Yeah
Oh man, I don't get it
Alright buddy, good luck to you
Okay
Everybody's a program director, there's no question about that, it's always been that way
I always will
Too bad not everybody's an engineer
How many QAM, hello
Hey, happy new year Neil, how you doing?
Yes sir, and Jeffy New Year
And happy 2008
First of all, in the exorcist, she says you're all going to die up there, how long is that?
She said you're all going to die up there?
No, she didn't say that
It's not what she said sir, go back and watch it again, okay, it'll keep you off the streets
Kill some good time, watch it again, she says you're going to die up there
Because the longer I was a pilot, she didn't say you're all going to die up there
And even if she did, what differences to make is that the best you can do is nitpick, go nose pick, it's better nitpick, go butt pick
Correct, you idiot
73 votes on that poll about death and believe you me in some of your case, won't be soon enough
5670560, 0560 and they've arrived in Singular, wireless line, what about those dolphins?
Now who do they play the bangles the last game?
Correct
Hello
Oh, you didn't hear the one I said correct
No, it cut out, I didn't hear anything
Yeah, they're playing the bangles at home here
Oh boy, it's going to be okay
Bangles sucko, the bangles are capable on their worst day of losing to the dolphins
Correct
That's true, they were extremely inconsistent, very disappointing and they generally suck so it ought to be like a suckfest
So they got a chance to go 214 which would really be, can you imagine if they won a second game?
Wow, you saw what happened when they won the first game against the offensively challenged Baltimore Ravens
You saw what happened there and I think she'd actually win a second game
There's no holding these guys back, man
They'd be on a roll then
What?
They'd be on a roll, that'd be 2 out of 3
Yeah, that's another good way to look at it
2 out of 3, we have 667 average baby, we're on fire
WQ William, hello
Yeah, Neil, she did say you're all going to die up there
But wasn't a pilot, he was a astronaut
Oh, that's right, she said you're all going to die up there?
Right, she said you're all going to die up there
Yeah, well let me ask you this, what differences it make?
Right, really it doesn't
Okay, so why are you calling me to tell me that?
I just wanted to say hi to you, Neil
No, you didn't, you want to say hi to me, you wanted to be a nitpicker
You made a mistake, you made a mistake
Yeah, I made a lot of mistakes in my life, believe me
Now wouldn't that be something if we could live our lives over?
I'm not talking about a young punk like you Chris, I'm talking about like us old friends
All these people, if I had to do it over, what you don't
Do it right now because you're not going to get to do it over
That's my best suggestion to all you clowns out there, all you punks
You don't want to like in 30 or 40 years say
Oh, if I could just live it all over again, well do it now, have a good time
And don't wish that you wouldn't have had 20 years from now
Oh, if I could just have done that because 20 years from now or 40 years from now
You won't be able to do whatever it is you wanted to do like now
Am I right? Yes
88 votes, after I die, I honestly have no clue 44
Well that makes me sad
Become nothing more than worm food 21
Have a good rest, 10, that's a good way to look at it
Have a nice dirt nap, live on an afterlife 7, how silly that is
Oh man's got a soul, he has a soul
Bebe incarnated 5 and become a ghost 1
Like Casper the Ghost, remember Casper?
The friendly ghost? WDQA and hello
Good morning Neil
I remember Dick Casper, yes sir
I wake up this morning, I turn on the radio
And I hear that it's Miami Heat Talk from 2 to 4
God help us all man
It's what?
Miami Heat Talk from 2 to 4 in the afternoon
Yeah, is that all you people want to talk about is Jason Jertz, we already know how we know his story
We know his story
The best out of T-Rex
4.5.50 QAM
The sports leader
Hello and welcome to a colorless fair
Senator Larry Craig is facing new allegations about his past sexual behavior
Some of these Idaho's statesman newspaper identifies four men
who claim they either had sex with Larry Craig or were the subject of his sexual advances
Senator Craig, what is your problem?
I seek activity and bathroom
Oh, you openly admit it
Yes
The four guys, did you have sex with them?
Yes
Hot steamy man on man naked sweaty wrestling on the garage, four kind of sex
Yes
That's pre-teach
Whoa, oh Larry, your foot's touching me
Your foot came toward my mind, my name's Lord George, was that natural? I don't know
Oh, that's not natural, dude, your foot unzipped my pants
Yes, it did
Senator Craig, unless you want to pull back a bloody stump, it'll be best to keep your feet to yourself
Yeah, probably would
He's got a wide stance in his pants, they have Larry Craig, you know how that story kind of like, I don't know, there's a lot of jokes about it but the actual story itself
Just kind of vanished
Uh-huh
Whatever happened to Mark Foley, how is she doing?
Who does?
And whatever happened to your gay governor, I don't know, all these stories, they're like, he's dating that lady
Oh, that's right, I forgot about that
It looks like one
Charlie, five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, come on, you folks better get with it because Curtis and the V-Six today, uh, Christal me, the phones were smoking
Yes
Is that what you said?
Yeah, and um, about 98% of it weren't, well, 98% were, were you know
Yeah, well, you know, yeah
But you said they were smoking, they were on fire
Yeah, of course, we had to go home
Yeah, now we had a real call here yet so far today, I'm not really too sure
I think we won the last one
I think one of the real callers were one of the, uh, the, uh, bar buddies of Curtis but hey, you know what I'm still a real call
Oh, to that I don't have any bar buddies
Yeah, see
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Q-A-M
How about Neil?
Yes
It has a Neil and Dale and until, first
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Looking back, now we have a real call here yet so far today
Q-A-M
How are we going to do sure?
I think we'll do the last one
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Morning
Morning
How are you?
Okay, how are you?
Terrific, uh, do you suppose that in the actresses Linda Blair, which you said you're all going to die up there
You think she might have meant Joe Bell and all the Q-A-M men
Oh!
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Yeah, I was having these people along the way at the same one note, Charlie, three left
Q-A-M, hello
Three left?
Yeah
You played a bit Christmas day
Well, let me ask you a question
Yeah
Oh, this sounds like Reverend Jones
No, I don't know who he is, but you play it
Yeah, this is Reverend Jones, yeah
You know, he always responds with the same thing, I don't know who he is
Uh-huh
You ever know what's that?
Yep
I don't know who he is, and you know what?
I do know who he is and believe you me
If I had the opportunity
Screamless?
Screamless, like you can hear the accent in his voice
Yes, Screamless, four hours of it
A year of it
Every single day, and you can rest assured, man
Well, I mean, all depends on it, I want to make a centaurian declaration
But I don't think you're going to have to be screaming calls, it's just no fun that way, boy
It takes the fun out of life
Well, whatever you want to do, it's fine with me
Oh, great
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
You're good
Yes, sir
Um, happy holidays to you
Back to you
Just want to get in the way back machine and remember when you first started at this station
After you're seven months off, and how excited you were to get there
Broke up, I didn't hear a damn thing you said
Oh, when you initially started at this station
After you're seven months hiatus
Right
You had some new equipment and you were really pumped up
And the listeners were pumped up, it was very exciting
It's just very sad to see what it's called out
You didn't even get into it yet, well
Cold lack of maintenance, lack of caring is what it's called, but this way it goes
But the exciting, on the other hand, is here's open behind the scenes
That, you know, be a satellite, be a FM, you're a valuable commodity
And it'd be, maybe it's out there for someone not to pick you up and let you run
Okay, well, well, think about that in about a year, okay, when the time comes
So all they want to talk about is, oh, you're leaving at a year, okay, you're in a week
53 weeks, okay?
Jesus, God Almighty
Just, it's really pathetic, isn't it?
Sad
Well, they're getting choked up already
Are they really yet choked this?
104 on your full, not too bad about death, death
I'm dying on the hand
I don't know what to think, they've told me that we're going to have an afterlife
And we're going to be with the Lord and all that other crap, all that other crap
We're going to be with Jesus, how's Jeske doing?
Who?
How many QAM, hello?
5-1-1, come on!
WDQ-A-M, hello
I knew
Yes, sir
Hey, look, I'm calling a representative of L
It's like you know the chest is in the mail, okay?
Yeah
Okay
5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line WDQ-A-M, hello
You're going to be with Jesus Christ
QAM
Hey, Nail, could you play Bommel?
No
Yeah, could you play Bommel?
I can go have one, how do you like that?
I think we just heard one
Now you told me the great calls were coming in yesterday, it must be me
I'm going to say that in four hours
No, you said that the calls were sensational, they've been in calls and they were great
And they were talking about solving the future of the universe and mankind
And yeah, that's a great word
All sort of crap, you know what you said?
Oh exactly
You said the beast was just like a genius on what I show you yesterday is what you said
I'm sorry, you broke up there, I didn't hear what you said
It must be a two-way illness
I mean, it's a little bit annoying, especially on the calls, but like that
But you know, you do the best you can out of the circumstances, that's all
I never played that missing anything, I'm used to it
WDQ-A-M, hello
Nail, about three years ago you were doing a show from Toronto, like you always do
And you lost your power supply out there and you did the show for the phone or the cell phone
Yeah
That was one of my favorite new commercial phones
Good, I'll get on the cell phone and call in, Huzanne
Thank you, sir
No problem
Oh, you got to love it
I do love it, I love each and every one of these people
Each and every one has got their own special thing, most of it's sick and rotting and festering
Like a pus-filled sore, but nonetheless, one twelfth on the pole, not too bad, not too shamby
Think about death
Let's think, remember that song by Bob Lumin, let's think about living
Who was that Bob Lumin? I remember
Somebody will call and say, you're all going to die up there is what she said
Okay, she said, you're all going to, who cares what she said
And then she peed on the carpet, that was the most important thing
And of course when she said, you're all going to die up there, they all stopped and looked like
Oh, with the priest sitting there tickling on the piano, no less
You don't remember that scene, the priest was playing the piano?
I think I remember the priest playing the piano, I don't remember
I can't say I remember her coming out
The priest said that he wanted to be a headliner on Broadway and blah blah blah blah blah
And he's playing the piano and watching the old time
And all of a sudden, Flindablair comes wobbling down and stands there
With that evil look on her purse, she's great, I love Linda Blair
You like Linda Blair? You better?
Somebody QA and hello
What's going on? What's going on, Neil? Hi
I just celebrate Christmas, I'm not religious, I just like the event
But I know there's no Santa, no Jesus, no God
Because if there was, I would have got my double pump action red, right or BB gun
That I never get, and these sugar plums are just dancing in my head
And I can't get them out, I'm just going to loco
Somebody QA and hello
It's Joe Rose, you next and Jason
Somebody QA and hello?
Neil, yes
Yes, you're a show with sensation, it was really great, I'll come over round
Oh I'm sure they loved it, they were only on what, 6, 7,000 times a piece?
Yes, I'm like that, and that's not too bad
And then they had some blind girl that supposedly a friend of theirs called up in a hall judge when I think so stupid
Really?
Oh yeah, I was great
How do you know she's blind? Because she said she was
Let me say it again, have you read it? If you said anything, it cut out
Oh, that's that because she said she was
Oh, well that proves it to me, exactly, nobody lies, do they?
Especially not them, nobody QA and hello
Neil, good morning, I have a shameless request sir, but it relates to your poll
You used to do a bit, dead, dead, dead, someday you'll be dead
How many times have you played that over the holiday season sir?
At least a thousand, and we played it yesterday, too
And they played it yesterday?
Are you caught me with my pants down there?
Yeah, well we don't want to do that again
Oh okay, there he goes
Not thanks anyway, or thanks and have a great new year, like that
Jesus, God, I'm a friendly man
Dead, dead, dead, sour
Someday you'll be dead
Hostile
Dead, dead, dead, someday we'll all
He said you're all gonna die up there, that's what Linda said, you're wrong Neil
The make were born, we start dying, we die a little more every day
Young were old, richer poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it
Sorry, look long at that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that you see
Decorate your house in green and red, cause someday you'll be dead
Dead, dead, dead, someday you'll be dead
Dead, dead, dead, someday we'll all be dead
I'm dying out of here
Absolutely
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now
But no matter when it happens, it will seem too soon to you
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle in to bed
That you think I'd for your family, cause someday there'll be dead
Oh, dead, dead, dead, someday there'll be dead
Oh, dead, dead, dead, someday we'll all be dead
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life
Nobody knows, that's my point, enjoy the while you can
And so on Christmas morning, let good times go your hand
What a festive season, someday you'll be dead
Dead, dead, dead, someday we'll be dead
Dead, dead, dead, everyone you know, dead
A very Merry Christmas to you, down, down
Merry Christmas everybody
What biggest name?
The best out of two Christmas nail projects
4.50QAM
The sports leader
This is the Neoronger show
This is your blind
This is your blind
I think it's an honor to be a Romano
But I definitely just hope that I'm a good Romano
And I hope that I'm a Romano for some kids out there
I kinda think it's disgusting, I think she's like farming her sister's footsteps
And she shouldn't be just a joke
I feel like that whole family's like a circus now, it's awful, it's her what
You're too young and we all look mean, you'll see
You've been a really dumb girl, Jamie's baby
You act a lot like Britney
I have a younger sister, she watches that show
It's the way 101, I think that's good role model for her to look up to
Jamie's baby, the TV show they will love renew
The national choir you try to sue
Stop trying to be Britney
She's so much attention that's been focused on Britney
And now that the camera lens is shifting a bit
Oh God, you're acting like Britney
There's a hint of survival right here
Oh, it has this one is
Maybe it just runs into family, can you say slut, can you spell it?
111 at 560 WQM, did I do the schedule for today or what?
No, I did not
I think you did, but who knows?
No, I did not
Then you didn't
Don't you think I would have remembered John Linder and the Troy Dremier or Cuff?
I would have remembered that
Curtis for the mad dog 2 to 4
Power R with a Humper, then that's why I did start to do it
And then I get sidetracked because I asked how many days is the Humper I got left
Today, tomorrow, Friday and Monday
Four more days of the Humper
And then he's out the door
You guys set up a cake?
I think you ought to be on the air with me like on Monday for a few minutes
Wouldn't that be a good idea?
Stop, people try to get it done
Can you set that up?
I haven't called in on the bat line, we can confangulate
Dolphins all access with John under what's his name?
Dunder, John Linder
Linder and Troy Dremier from 7-0
Well I have my glasses sitting on that part of the schedule I can't read on it
You know, it's not really worth moving because it's a requires effort
And then the beast from 9-0 midnight
And the amazing part about that is he's still wondering out loud as he actually got that shift or not
Who knows?
That's what he was saying
That's what he was saying
I don't think he's on the inside anymore, I think he's on the outs
Maybe he got clearance off since he got married
This is a good article from Camp on Hill Blue
I don't know who wrote it because it doesn't have a byline
I know it wasn't Doug Thompson, I don't think but it's great
It's good, not great, it's good
It says what went wrong with CNN?
Forget about Fox, that station has no business even putting news in its title
At least with his newspapers, Rupert manages to give box scores on local teams
On Fox News, even the pretence of reporting seriously on news items is gone
And once it's gone, it's gone
NBC is hardly better, Chris Matthews isn't just irritating
He has this bad habit of falling in love with a candidate on terms which are nothing less than ridiculous
Fred Thompson is a manly man, Joe Biden is what?
Huckabee is the real what?
At least MSNBC tries to redeem itself
Joe Scarborough does hard news in an unfortunate early morning format
But a save by real journalist, his cohort Meeka, I don't know who that is
You ever watch Joe Scarborough? I don't
Nope
The evening is beginning with Keith Obramon and Dan Abramsphere are far better
They actually report details and stories
Once Tucker is put into his grave, this station may yet return to respectable news reporting we shall see
CNN is the true disappointment
Absolutely
Not only is Wolf Blitzkrieg taking a potentially useful format and turned it into Clinton life
When they do decide to report on say the campaign, they do such a lousy surface-only job that you get your feeling
You just bought a box of air
Poles clothing and gantt discussions, but no substance
CNN no longer does journalism, it does entertainment
And poor entertainment at that
And should another blonde bimbo go missing from a vacation on a tropical island
Or should OJ become a topic again
Even forget about even the slightest hint of real news
CNN is the industry's embarrassment
Absolutely correct
Excellent, right on target man
When a doubt take it out, CNN blow up their towers
Get there and get them off the satellite
It's the only hope for the future of the human race you do understand that don't you?
Yeah, you're with a religion first and then CNN second, then you got it leaked
Nobody QAM, hello
Who I like, listen to the sound of that
Mm-hmm
Is that a good one?
Oh, wonderful
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the Verizon singular wireless line
It's the end of the year, the 7.26, you only got five days left
Time to get it off your chest
WDQ, why am hello
Yeah, uh, yeah, please
Speaking
Oh, yeah, how are you?
Sorry
Um, get someone to say, uh, me too
Me too
Yeah, hello
Yeah
Okay, I just, I'm on the radio, but I don't think I'm speaking to me, am I?
Yeah, go ahead sir, speak now or hold your piece forever
Okay, fine, uh, on the radio, you just get to know the voice, I guess
Yeah, I was something forget about the radio, talk into the phone, the thing with the holes in it, talk into the phone like a human being
Okay, but speak to me
I just wanted to say, uh, I hope you're not space about all that, all that bull about, uh, dying in hell and all that
Because, uh, God, it's not a God of punishment, it's not a God of tormenting
Yeah, he, it, them, they, okay
But I beat that a boop at about, no wonder we're talking to a, a dill head man, a dumbo
If you've had to pot on a calls down lower than usual or so, I turned it up and down when he was, uh, feedbacking
I thought, I pushed the back up
When we was trying to find a life when he had the SSL party on the flashlights going, didn't find it, believe me
If there's a God sir and if there's a hell, I guarantee you he's gonna put your ass into it, I guarantee you that
You're gonna rot in hell
And I, you know, I read some of these comments that he's hailed in sunset and the articles that have been in the last couple of weeks
I read some of the swillets written on it, which, you know, you know, there are a lot of people out there that hate you like poison
And which is fine, but this crap about ol' and while Neil and Hiker are so rude to the carers, only you people, only everybody out there should have to talk to these people every day of your life
I would, in fact, I take that back, I wouldn't wish that on anybody
You sure?
Trust me, he even knew, you know, as I'm not making your screen a cause, that I thank you for
WQA and hello
Needle, how you doing?
Okay sir
Hey listen, I just want to say a couple things to you one, I know how you hate when people suck up to you and everything, but I've been with me since I was eight years old, I've been with you for the last 20-something years
And you've been entertained me down here and this town now is terrible
I can't believe this is happening, this is a joke, a few AMs a joke, and I just don't understand Neil, I mean I just don't understand what's going on, maybe you could just explain a little to me, because I've been able to explain what
I could explain what
Like what happened, the final thing that happened
The final thing that happened is I'm sitting here right now and I'm doing a show and we'll continue doing it for another year
Neil, listen man, I love you, you know I'm not, you know, I'm saying I'm great
Not sucking up, I know, you're not homosexual
I love you and I got to tell you one last thing, I called up the beast, I told him that you thought he was terrible
And he denied it, he thinks you think he's great, and he slowly starts down the air about you guys are friends, and he's great, and he's supportive
Is he nuts or what?
WQA and hello
I was just wondering how long you keep it going, but I think probably forever, yeah probably, WQA and hello
Hello, happy holidays from your friends at QAM
Happy holidays, Neil, am I the 10th caller for the tickets for the dolphin?
Yeah, okay, great, okay, go take a good animal sir, take a blueberry animal, get it out of your system
The dropouts is really irritating on the calls, the rest of the stuff I don't care because we need to hear the spots, but and you I mean, yeah, goes without saying
But the calls, you ever try to talk to anybody, have a conversation with go, oh, it's like the witch doctor, ooi, ooi, I think, I think, I'm a big brain like that
Yeah, well, I'll be honest with you, improvement over some of these
The lifeer was weak by the way, very weak, did you think he was weak?
Yeah, but what's something different, so you know, it was different, I'll grant him that, the little creative, not good, 149 votes on our death pool, WQA and hello
Neil, yes sir
I just want to thank you a long time ago, about nine years ago, it gave me a bunch of season tickets to the Marlins games, and that was one of the greatest summers of my life
Well, great, call up and thank you, would you please play the 95 song one last time?
Yeah, all right, hold your breath, I'll tell you when to exhale, WQA and hello
Neil, yes
Hey, how you guys, happy days boys, hey
Yeah, is it Neil?
Yeah, I'm still here, I'm all shocking, but I'm still here, I'm waiting
Hey, did you guys get any stocking stuffers from corporate dishes?
No, we don't get, they don't do that
They don't do that?
No, no, they have this thing, it's called a brakto suffer, they do that better
149 on a pool, why do I keep giving the number, how many votes? I mean, I don't know, it's because that number's guy
You know, he doesn't give the numbers, he's mailing it in there
I'll never forget that guy's lungs I live
Well, that's good I think, remember he was on a ruler for a few days, and then all of a sudden he vanished
Thankfully, when I ran out of stamps, WQA and hello
There's no bags in the cap
WQA and hello
QA and hello
Hola, hola
WQA and hello
Do you like?
Yeah, I love when it cuts out, do I like what? Did he say something or what?
No, he said, do you like when I'm in the spirit? Do I like what? He didn't say it, he just disappeared
WQA and hello
Better keep, please keep the old risers, please keep the old risers, the only of the greatest ever
You've most been, I love you
WQA and hello
It's a problem, that ain't job or stuff
WQA and hello
I'm Neil
Yes sir
I'm not for sure, but I just avoid this one
This is Reverend Jones again
Reverend Jones again
Who?
Again
What are you talking about?
Again
I'm saying it though
I'm just, there's only one thing I want to save you, you, you listening carefully
You're gay
Okay, let's take a look at the poor result and just off throwing the numbers around
This is okay, I enjoy it, enjoy it, get used to it, have a lot of fun
Well I don't want to, I mean I've got a pile of stuff here and I will read some of them
But I don't want to sit here and read on a holiday, that would be bad
Oh all he does is read articles out of the newspaper, what kind of a stick and show is that?
He used to be cutting edge
I got news for if there's anybody who thinks that anything on terrestrial radio is ever going to be cutting edge again
You're living in a dream world, okay?
You're living in a dream world
And since Howard's decided he's going to take all the money, he's serious
That's what you're going to hear
After I die, I expect a blank, that's our poll today
Nice uplifting poll for the holidays
I honestly have no clue, 69
Become nothing more than worm food, 36
And how do you present the worms eating your dying rotting, your dead rotting carcass?
It's wonderful, it's wonderful
Well whatever this is to make, you're going to be dead, you care?
Of course not, 36
At least there will be something useful there
And in your case there will be a lot useful, a lot of flesh
Have a good rest, 23
Live on in an afterlife, 17 very silly people
Oh yeah, now if you have any eyes or any brain or any ears or any mouth or any heart or any liver or any kidneys or any pupic
But you're going to have an afterlife, you're going to go see God
And you know what's going to turn out to be?
Damn God
I'll be re-encarnated, 7 and become a ghost, only 3
The ghost things for kids, right? All the drive-delts?
Now you want to see a really bad movie, we've ever seen Amityville Horror with James Brolin?
No, I don't think so
Good, you got some time to kill, you want to really get depressed, watch that, it's really bad
Very bad
The dollar's hidden 5 minutes on I don't even think it was 4.30
I'm 60 km, 4th leader
You...
And now another holiday travel tip from Senator Edward Kennedy
Here at Travel Tip, there are number 4
They remember to steer into a-a-s-gid
I'll say the cat, remember to steer into a-s-gid
I am made a mistake of a steering away from a skier to a years' thought
And wound up killing my passengers and there wasn't even snow
What happened, it was there a unicorn jumped in front of my car and I swerved away
Big mistake
Being pretty short, my reflexes were what they should have been
Of course on the upside, their unicorns are on the endangered species list and the hide I hid it
I was probably looking at some fairly significant jail time or if they released a hearing in front of the Senate oversight committee
Remember, after a drink or two unicorns can appear sexually inviting
But please refrain from hopping on board much like the praying mantis after they may glove to you they will kill you and eat you
Which will definitely put a damper on your holiday drinking
The proceeding has been another holiday travel tip from Senator Edward Kennedy
Okay, 1118 to 560 WQ, I'm happy a new year baby
And you know something I've decided, finally, I'm not that makes any difference what I think about it, just my opinion
That there's nothing wrong with happy holidays
All these crazy people like John Gibson and Bill O'Reilly, all these other far-bison maniacs on Fox
Oh, they've taken Christ out of Christmas, it's a liberal conspiracy, yeah right
Well, what's wrong with happy holidays, everybody says that now
Yeah, there's so many holidays right now
Yeah, it's just generic and it covers all the bases and it's just a nice sentiment happy holidays
Enjoy whatever you do or not as the case may be if you don't celebrate any of them
And there's nothing wrong with that, it's like tolerant, it's like, you know, acceptable
Oh, you took the Christ out of Christmas for Christ's sakes
WQA in, hello
New Year's morning
Yes sir, did you hear what they did to poor Curtis yesterday on the air?
Did I what?
Did you hear what they did to poor Curtis yesterday on the air?
What about them?
They made him sit down and watch this video on the internet, two girls one cup
Yeah, okay, great
Well, why does that keep coming back over and over and over again?
And that's a problem with the American now, it's either Britney or her sister or the YouTube video, whichever you...
Cute!
Did you know they're talking about it the week? Do you hear?
Am I right?
Yeah
Same oral, tired, swill, crap, God
WQA, I'm hello
Hello
Here?
Yes
Quad Great in the game
Okay
Hello
Oh
That's good
See if you wait long enough sometimes there's a jackpot or maybe just a crankpot
WQA in, hello
Neil
Yes sir
It's just close to show you this town right here
When you were reading things and you were talking about issues
I listened every single day, I mean you were talking about the war, you were doing what opened about it
People, town they don't care
They'd rather listen to people calling and make stupid signals or stupid sounds
Right
It was serious this, that's correct
That is correct
That's why we're in situation we're in
You should do a little bit more reading, you should educate the few that are...
Oh yeah, I should educate the few right
I know how it's hard, but you have done a good job
You have stuff like the issues or great talk show host
I'm gonna miss you Neil, I'm gonna miss you a lot
Got a year to go man, a year, 53 weeks
And he's gone, 53 weeks
I'm not gonna say goodbye for a year, okay?
In addition to which after the 53 weeks are over, I'll show up somewhere, maybe even on your pop-up toaster
I'll be somewhere
So what are they getting all like emotional and agusiva?
I'm not looking for that, believe me and it's really ponderous listening
I can't stand listening to what hear myself, can you stand it?
Well they just love you so you know
Again I didn't hear they love me
I'm gonna happy how they agreed to you think I got into my space out of our 14th
You know I don't want to like to upload that whole thing up
I don't want to blow it up, but
That thing to me and again being an old fart like I'm...
What did I tell you a long time ago? It's for pedophiles and teenagers
That's what that thing is for
That's all it's for
So it's great to follow it in either category
It's mostly a waste of time
What?
Nothing
Now I didn't know what you said because you cut out
That's so great for you huh, just kidding around
Well I'm sure I'm gonna miss you
Oh
You know how like when they cut a gigantic bowling ball sized tumor out of your pupic
It's not a tumor really miss it
Yeah, it's a tumor alright
You're all gonna die out there and that's where Linda Blair said
I guess I'm gonna have to watch that again today
The Ephraises all of its woodline Wednesday
Did I mention on here that I went to early yesterday morning
I got up really early on Christmas day, there was nobody on the road
I got in my Pontiac Solstice and I drove to woodline in 1,200 bucks and came home
You're amazing early yesterday
What?
You were up way too early yesterday
I got up a quarter to six in the morning man
And to see what was under my tree
What was in my stocking?
What did they lead for you?
W.A.M. Hello
Neil these bulls, these American fools
They've been read by the nose
Wake up can't you see?
I mean did you watch a documentary on PBS third day Neil?
What are you talking about sir?
The documentary on PBS third day
You're just making sounds with your mouth?
The same things you've been talking about over and over again
They did documentary on PBS third day
They just justified everything you've been reading
About how I word note WMDs how it was all while I have things in that
All these people are dead and nobody cares
Don't you understand nobody cares and why doesn't anybody care
Because the mass media they're telling all the things are going a lot much better
And now thanks to the surge and everything's better
And it's going to be great and blah blah blah
And yeah, because the media leads the public around in America
By the nose, by the nose
Or sometimes by the ass
That's what goes on in America
They'll decide for you what's important and what's not important
What you think you know I need to know
And other than that don't go on the internet
You might get some real news on there
Like on our website for example
I don't suddenly put up like seven stories last night
But it was Christmas night you know right?
That was kind of you
I want to overwork her
What's her name?
Corpus, he's in New York this week right?
Correct
Well more power to him
Today though I'm going to make up for it
I'll put like 400 stories on there
Just to make sure you're keeping your nose to the grindstone
For that next check you think you're going to get
Somebody QYM Hello
What do you mean we'll follow?
Somebody QYM Hello
Got a year left Neil, you got to make a cow
You got to get the wind behind your back and go on the brakes
Show these cars that you're about
Now wait now wish I could have heard what that sounded like on this end
Because it cut out like three times
No it just cut out three times and sort of like basically that
That's cool
I think the level is on these causes like way low
Alright I'll push it up more
Can you crank him up so maybe I can hear him a little bit
Although quite frankly I'm not so sure that's a good idea
It's cranked really up now
Is it really?
Oh yeah, cranking I think crank is the operative word yeah
Somebody QYM Hello
Yes
I think we need to get the rackies get behind the rackies
Yeah it's a bridge standard again
It's a Reverend Jones again
Reverend Jones for the 4 million time
We need to get somebody to take him out
WQYM Hello
I'm going to say 12,500
WQYM Hello
Santa Claus is real and he takes medications
Haha
Oh
Woo
Santa's coming to town with a fistful of pro-zac baby
187 on the pole, what's our goal today like
Fuck's what I'm that's right huh
Fuck's 500 my ass, are you crazy?
Oh 200, yeah 200's a reasonable goal
Because we change them in stream
So what do we have on the first one?
We had seven something?
I'll find it maybe I should make it
753, 753 on the previous one
And we got 187 now
So we could get a thousand all that I'll towed
Right? We got 940?
That's our goal is to get a thousand between the two
And if we have to put another pole up there to get to a thousand
We'll do that, we'll do it anyway we need to do it
We'll cheat
Yank cheat me, yank turn
My any worst in nation is US housing prices drop 6.7%
Worse in nation
Oh my god
US home prices fell in October for the 10th consecutive month
Posting their biggest month of the client since early 1991
According to the standard and poor's home price index
The record 6.7% drop mark the 23rd consecutive month of price deceleration
No matter how you look at these data
It's obvious that the current state of single family housing market
Remains grim said Robert Schiller who helped create the index in the statement today
The previous record of the client was at drop of 6.3%
Recorded in April 91
The S&P home price index tracks price of existing single family homes in 10
Metroponnerious compared with the year earlier
A broader index of 20 metro areas fell 6.1%
Among 20 metro palmneries used in the broader index
11 posted record monthly declines
Miami posted the largest decline among the 20 markets reviewed
Oh my god
Home prices in a Miami metro area fell 12.4% in October
Compared with the same month last year surpassing Tampa as the worst performing city
Tampa posted a year over your loss of 11.8%
Beside those two cities Detroit, Las Vegas, Phoenix and San Diego also posted double the year over your declines
Atlanta and Dallas which had been previously posted in price appreciation fell in October compared with the year earlier
Prices fell 0.7% in Atlanta and 0.1% in Dallas
Only three areas Charlotte, North Carolina, Portland and Seattle posted year over your home price appreciation in October
With Charlotte posting largest gains at 4.3%
All 20 cities in the broader index posted month over month declines with San Diego posting the largest decline at 2.6%
In other words I go out and give me like a pup tent with me
What biggest name?
The best out of here is male projects
4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Well done I miss was quite delightful
But some folks thought his jokes were spiteful
He got kicked off the radio
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho
And it seems his career was right now
That's politically incorrect now
And management said he had to go
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho
Maybe what he did wasn't right
And it started to be a storm
Even if you're old cranky and white
Sometimes you've got to conform
Times back on the air now
But does anybody really care now?
No
The moral of the story you know
Don't say ho, don't say ho, don't say ho
No, no
1133, look at that, Romney campaign cools
Because everybody knows he's a phony and a liar and a BS artist and two faced and full of crap
And he's wearing a magic underwear, they're really nervous about that
204 votes on a poll about death
I'm dying out of here
WQAM, hello
QAM
Yes
I eat some odys, I love your show
Yeah, they're gone now
You didn't die yet?
Not yet
You working on it?
Work harder on it, okay, work real hard on it and see if you can't croak before the new year
Do it in mankind a favor, okay
Five cents towards what's it? That's the fake fly mic, what difference does it make?
Does it make a difference? Same credit
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty and they've arrived in singular
Lireless line, it's our post Christmas, it's our holiday special baby
From now until, now what's gonna happen next week?
Monday, we're here, right?
Mm-hmm
And then Tuesday, New Year's Day, we have no idea
We are all
Well, that's right, we won't be, oh you say we
I'm off on the Tuesday
Yeah, we would all get off already, I'm actually off too, so I'm very happy
You got that official now?
Well, I thought the unofficial schedule and they have a bowl game, so yeah
Oh, we do have a bowl, we got a ball game bowl game?
We got two bowl games, we got the holiday bowl on Thursday night and midnight
And then on Friday we got the Emerald Bowl from eight to midnight
Wow, the Emerald Bowl, what's all that's in?
I think it's in San Francisco as well
Let me kill some time, WDQAM, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
You wanna make it look like an accident, suicide or you wanna cut an example?
WDQAM, hello
Happy New Year, healthy Hanukkah, Neil
Happy Chinnukhide, it's long over though, yes
Do you know, do we know anything about Kwanzo?
We don't have to birth the Jesus, you know about the cute men who are from the oil
What is Kwanzo about?
Explain it
Hi, we're gonna do any idea, I'll Google it though for you, I'm gonna do a thing I'm boxing to you here in a minute
Alright, I appreciate that, and Neil, don't take any crap from anybody
Okay, bye WDQAM, hello
I saw Santa Claus
Okay, great, that's it, Faisa, you know, he was amusing there once
But once it gets to be the 8,000 time that it's not even slightly amusing anymore, you know what I mean?
I definitely don't do it, WDQAM, hello
I'm gonna do, let me mama, I'm still fantasizing about Barack Obama
WDQAM, hello
Oh, oh, yeah
You can do it
Oh, it's the Eater, it's his eating market, a Salami sandwich
On toast, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 under the horizon, singular wireless line, pretty disappointing after you led me to think we're gonna get a tremendous response here today
I'm sorry
Now what you said before the show, yeah, I'm like, they kept these phones pumping all four hours
Well, they had them pumping, but they were getting the same two freaks
Yeah
We only got like eight or nine different ones, see, at least after all these years, at least they've gotten accumulated a greater number of creeps
Well, that's good, but yeah, once they're on again, maybe tomorrow
Maybe they'd like to come back and try it again tomorrow
WDQAM, hello
Oh, yes
WDQAM, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir
So, do you hear your voice, Sad, you're leaving in the future, but always enjoyed your show
One of those shameless requests, I just don't know if none of them are not, but the Black Tooth, something stopped
What?
Playing stop with Black Tooth, could you do that, Bill?
No
WDQAM, hello
I'm responding
It wasn't, it wasn't funny, 15 years ago, Duane stopped, wasn't funny
WDQAM, hello
It's Neil
Yes, sir
Neil, how were we gonna listen to you when you're gone?
I don't know, how do I know now?
I mean, how?
How would your ears, sir, do your ears work?
With your ears, that's how you're gonna listen, okay, although in your case, I doubted
How are we gonna listen to you when you're gone?
That normal Kent, man, I just sent him an email, that trial, he just, you found, continues amazing and astounding
And just creating a hysteria where he didn't need in the first place
What, he said, what?
That's in the email, but he didn't respond
Oh, okay, he won't, no, he won't
WDQAM, hello
Neil, please
Speaking, yes
Oh, hey, Neil, I gotta wait a, I gotta wait a cure, the Dolphins quarterback problem that's plagued us for about 20 years
Uh-huh
How else is GOGIT, Jim Drunken Miller?
Let me try to once I've failed
WDQAM, hello
It puts the quans, uh, WDQAM, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
So how you get so bitter, is it the homosexuality, is it the frustration of the radio?
It makes you so bitter
Ditter about what?
About light
You know that bitter about life at all, my life's pretty damn good
Oh, yeah, I think you talk to somebody that, I think it's hang up or people or cut them off or you've solved them
If they have something to say, I listen, if they have nothing to say, then I don't listen, I cut them off, that's correct
So, basically the whole thing
So in other words, your idea of a talk show is just to punch up a button and let people spew crap, and then their idea of a talk show?
No, that's not the idea, it's just right there
So, what is cutting idiots off have to do with being bitter?
You think it is a bitter person, Neil, you know you are
Why?
You know you are a bitter person, why not?
You're bitter, but that's not a problem
Let me ask you this question, let me ask you a question
Let me ask you a question
Yeah, you're so bitter, then how come you're listening?
Because you're entertaining a little bit
Oh, well good, there you go, I'm entertaining and I'm bitter, so what's wrong with that?
That's what they're paying me for to be entertaining
And to get you to listen, and obviously I'm accomplishing both, so nice job, Neil
Oh God
Wow
Why are you so bitter, you're over?
I used to get that years ago when I first started from the old parts, you're a bitter young man
Now I'm a bitter old man, so it's how flutter
So my number has changed
That's right
218 on the pool, what's our goal?
Too funny I think
Curtis for the man-dog, it's to the side, no Curtis has been in a lot of airtime and that's good, he's a good guy
Now what did he talk about yesterday, him and the Beast?
They didn't talk about sports
Thank God, thank you guys
We'll talk about that website
What website? The two girls
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah, and then people were calling up saying other websites of similar nature
We're talking about the differences between different holiday seasons
And then just whatever they, you know, the differences between the seasons?
No, you know, like between Christmas and Hanukkah and you know, celebrating it, not celebrating it
You know, what does a Jew do on Christmas and stuff like that, so you know?
Celebrations are stuff to go on
What's the biggest name?
The best talent
You know, his male rejects
4.560 QAM
I think
4th leader
You're a bad
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
You're a bad guy
On the next Riftly's, believe it or not
You gotta see it to believe it
There may soon be another baby in Britney Spears' life for 16-year-old younger sister Jamie Lynn as pregnant
Britney, your 16-year-old sister is pregnant
Accidents happen
And after parting, you know, you really don't think about what you're doing
Britney, she's only 16. What age do they have sex and Louisiana?
13 years old
Hello
Yes, kind of weird
What was your family like growing up?
We got that about this church, but my parents weren't too too strict
And how was the relationship between you and your dad?
I did it with my dad
That's it, it was a lot in my drive
What country?
What is kind of a threat for a while
I don't want to hear the specifics
But there's like carnices
Too much information
Her mom was very upset at first, but now is supportive
The release of her mother's book on parenting is being postponed
Only on a Riftly's, believe it
And why should anybody care? That's the most important thing
Why should anybody give a crap about this trailer trans family?
Do you care? No, no
Do you like here? No
So, Dave Johnson sent a happy holidays card
Well, happy holidays, Dave
Oh, Dave sends whenever he Christmas, every year
Now, what's on it this year?
Do you open it up yet?
Yeah, it's him and another guy, I'm not sure who it is, and says, from our family to yours
Pauli Walnickson, Davey Peacons
Pauli Walnickson, from the Sipranos, right?
I guess, I mean, I've really never seen this party before
You do it right, I never watched it, I don't want to watch it, I don't want to see it, I don't want it
228 votes on our death pool
Rock solid
I'm dying on the earth
And anyway, today is Boxing Day, yesterday Christmas Day, even in Canada, all over the world
I still can go with the fact you asked me that
And we're debating that yesterday
No, there was a Christmas Day in Canada too
How about in Iceland?
Anyway, Boxing Day is a public holiday celebrated in the UK, Canada, New Zealand and Australia
And many other members of the Commonwealth of Nations on December 26th
The day after Christmas Day are all turniply on the next week day after Christmas
Boxing Day is a traditional celebration dating back to the medieval ages
And consists of the practice of giving out gifts to employees, the poor or the people in a lower social class
The name has numerous folk etymologies, the Oxford English Ditionary, it tributes into the Christmas box
The verb box meaning to give Christmas a Christmas box
Therefore, Boxing Day, got it? Sure
Outside the Commonwealth, the day is still celebrated with just a different name
The more common stories included was that when people would give a present or Christmas box to those who would work for them throughout the year
In Fugal times, Christmas was a reason for gathering or extended families
All the serfs would gather their families in the manner of their Lord, which made it easier for the Lord to be a state to hand out annual stipends to the serfs
Kind of like you, Chris, you getting a stipend? No
After all the Christmas parties on 26 December, Lord of the State would give practical routes such as cloth, grains and tools to the serfs who would have done his land
Each family would get a box full of such goods a day after Christmas
Under this explanation, there was nothing voluntary about this transaction
The Lord of the Manor was obliged to supply these goods because of the boxes being given out today was called Boxing Day
In England many years ago, it was common practice for the servants to give boxes to their employers when they arrive for their days work on the day after Christmas
There were employers who then put coins into boxes as special energy or gifts
This can be compared with the modern day concept of Christmas bonuses
The servants carried boxes for the coins hence the name Boxing Day
In churches it was traditional to open the church's donation box on Christmas day
And the money in the donation box was to be distributed to the poor or lower-class citizens the next day
In this case the boxing boxing day comes from that lock box in which the donations were left
I wonder if Al Gore knew about that lock box, huh? I wonder if the priest knew about it
For now, if you leave money in the lock box, it has to go to all those lawsuits about those pedophile priests
Oh my God!
Four of these things
5,670,560,050,050,060 in the residence singular wireless line
A lot of good calls today I thought, then you? No
What do you mean by that? No? They've been okay
Like I said, a couple of good calls today
How many QAM? Hello
Hello? Yes, sir
Neil, I gotta tell you
I live out in Las Vegas
And about 20 years ago I remember you saying from about magic underwear
I said, what the hell is he talking about?
And I thought that we're a big LBS community out here in Vegas
You're right, man
Magic underwear all over the place
The guys have to wear it, the ladies have to wear it
Sometimes you can only bathe like half your body because your magic underwear has to stay on half
And then you wear the magic underwear to go into gazing room
Have you ever heard that?
The walkroom? Gazing room
There's some celestial room
That you go in and you have this special robe
And you have to have the magic underwear under it
Oh my God
Why?
That's what you did in the middle
After all these years I finally figured out what the hell you were talking about
There you go, well you see something later
Take her
Okay, see you
See you finally figured it out
Well I bet you this is from a normal kid
Yeah it is, it's kind of useless
But then again, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60
And they've arrived in Singular wireless line
WQAM, hello
WQAM, hello
Your heart is dirty
Mad
Mad, why?
Mad, well, WQAM, hello
Hi, Neil
Yes sir
I was calling to tell you
Because of all the articles you always put on the internet
And they always keep me up
I'm having such a field
They watch in the Republicans tear at each other
With that madness that they have towards anybody else
No, well thank God that Democrats aren't doing that
No, I know, no, we all are
But you know, they take it to that whole
The whole near the endowl level
You know?
Well, we got to find out which one is the most serious Jesus Christ who that's what it's all about
That's what the Republicans want
I know, I know, well you have a great place
On this case, it's the God
And if you could hear what I'm hearing on these phones, I'm in with the dropouts
I bet it's fun
You'd say to yourself, why is he even doing this?
That's a good question
Because you're dedicated
Because I'm one?
Dedicated
No, because I'm an idiot
Well, that too
And I should be playing music
I mean, are they doing anything?
I see what's happened traditionally when this happens and it came out of nowhere today
Is that it goes on for a couple of hours
And then all of a sudden it strains itself out and nobody does anything
Well, I did tell a course though
Where when you were telling me in that first break
Yeah, but that haven't gone back over to asking me anything yet
So I'll see what's up
What's he going to tell you?
That they're putting a call in, I don't know
Putting a call into what?
To Jesus?
And then you're going to say, oh well, a reboot to thing there
Turn off the atelos, we're going to go through that again
You want to do that again?
No, we thought that was the worst idea
It's going to be the connection down the line, the internet and all that stuff
It's not us or you
It's something there, man, it's something there
It's something in that place
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Don't tell you, Steve Bro
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Santa Claus is enormous
Q-A-M, hola
Q-A-M
Hello, this is our initial line of looking to make
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
After a further review
W-D-Q-A-M, the last call, hello
You need to come down and straighten it out
What is it?
You need me to come down and straighten that out
Oh, it's Reverend Jones again
It's Reverend Jones, we need to come down and straighten your ass out
You idiot
No wonder Dick Feinberg kicked him out of Pompadot Park
He's never been the same and then they kicked Dick out of Pompadot Park
It must be nice to not have to worry about doing anything but crank calling people
Worry about what?
You cut out
Said it must be nice to not have to worry about anything other than crank calling people
Right
And then they'll have to worry about doing like, you know, a real job and stuff like that
Don't watch
Here we go again
Oh, I like the way he took the deeper
You like that?
That was good, I like the technique there
Take a good deep breath and then
I like that
Because if you don't take the deep breath you can like emote quite as well
Exactly, right? You want to breathe it from the diaphragm
That's correct
240 votes on the pole on death after I die expect to blank
I honestly have no clue 110
Become nothing more than worm food 55
Have a good rest 36
Live on in an afterlife 26 ride
Be reincarnated 9 and become a ghost 4
Go step on an ant
Go step on it and then like take your shoe and like
Smooth it around on the cement
Real heavy duty so that all the particles are every molecule just like separates you know what I mean
Well sometimes you step on them and they kind of get in between your the treads and the two this shoe
Maybe that was an ant god like looking out for me not killing them right away
In other words, they're still alive
Yeah, because like I don't know what type of shoes you wear but like you know you'll have like
Like I was for a man. I wear ant killing shoes. Oh well maybe I slap on it. It's dead. It doesn't come back for seconds
Okay, it doesn't like poke it said back out. I was like I don't think I want to go yet. It's dead
You better get some help mister in your ant is smushing technique you killer WQ a.m. Hello
Everything's just fine. Just fine WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Yeah, you're uh, I heard you're going somewhere. What is it? You're going somewhere you're going. Hey, why you going somewhere?
I'm aware you got somewhere to go. What are you talking about sir working making sounds with your mouth? Yeah
Okay, good keep going it not to watch just keep doing it keep them off the streets baby 5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 out of a rising singular wireless line WQ a.m. Hello
Hello. Yes. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hi. Hi. WQ a.m. Hello. Jolly chocolate. Hey. Hello. WQ a.m. Hello.
Q a.m. Yeah. Yeah. I'm whisper because I work at checkers and the guy I've been calling you
works here. So if you want to comment everyone's reverend Jones. Oh, for the 84
million time today it's Reverend Jones. I work with him. Checkers my ass. Okay, you don't work anywhere.
That's the best part of you. You don't work anywhere. This guy just like his boyfriend's
or that's it in each other's lap all day during the show. Yeah, it's really scary.
Doran and Rob Prozac Ron and that's it. But I got a private investigator man. He's going to come in
and take care of the whole thing. He's going to clean house. Let it down.
I'm a best friend of the best. I'm a best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best
of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of
the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the
the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the
the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the
best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best friend of the best

and said it was crucial that nominations be vetted by the Senate.
Presidential nominations for important positions within the executive branch
should be carefully considered and debated before the Senate in order to ensure
that the most qualified individuals are serving the American people
were upset in a statement.
And a partridge in a pair of trees.
Those Democrats are really doing an arthing for America.
How are they really showing a backbone?
Not.
You got two parties, man.
You got evil dark and evil light.
Take your pick.
$259 on your pool.
I have no idea where we are in that thing.
You know that when you start a new one in the midstream like that.
As if it makes a difference.
You think it makes a difference?
Of course.
A newly declassified document shows that Jay Edgar Hoover, the long-time director
of the FBI, had a plan to suspend habeas corpus and in prison some 12,000 Americans
he suspected of disloyalty.
Hoover said his plan to the White House on July 7, 1950, 12 days after the
Korean War began, an invasion putting suspect Americans in military prisons.
Hoover wanted prison, Harry S. Truman, to proclaim the mass arrest necessary
to protect the country against treason, espionage, and sabotage.
The FBI would apprehend all individuals potentially dangerous to national security
Hoover's proposal be seen.
The arrest would be carried out under a master-worn attention list and
names provided by the Bureau.
The names were part of an index that Hoover had been compiling for years.
The index now contains approximately 12,000 individuals, which approximately
97% are citizens of the U.S. he wrote.
In order to make these, make effective these apprehensions, the proclamation
suspends the red of habeas corpus, it said, or sounds like what we're going through
now.
habeas corpus, the right to seek relief from illegal detention, has been a fundamental
principle of law for seven centuries.
The Bush administration's decision to hold suspects for years at Guantana
Moubae, has made habeas corpus a contentious issue for Congress and the Supreme Court
today.
The Constitution says habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless one incases a
verbatim or invasion.
The public safety may require it.
The plan proposed by G. Edgar Hoover, the head of the FBI from 1924 to 72,
stretched that clause to include threatened invasion or attack upon U.S. troops
in legally occupied territory.
Hoover's plan was declansive by last Friday as part of a collection of Cold War
documents concerning intelligence issues from 1950 to 55.
The collection makes up a new volume of the formulations of the United States.
A series that by law has been published continuously by the State Department since
the Civil War.
Hoover's plan called for the permanent detention of the roughly 12,000 suspect
in military bases, as well as in federal prisons.
The FBI, he said, had found the arrested, proposed in New York and California, would
cross the prisons there to overflow.
So the bureau had arranged for detention military facilities of the individuals apprehended
in those states he wrote.
A fascist, a Nazi, a self-hating fag if ever there was one, gay,
D. Edgar Hoover.
And I'm sure he'll look into his people to say, oh, he was a wonderful defender of justice
and the leader of the FBI for a million years.
And right, was Zarr.
He used to dress up though pretty good at the parties.
He liked to dress up.
Good book, by the way.
We're trying to forget the name, but the gay,
Hoover's stir after what the name was.
Nobody reads anymore anyhow, do they?
I do.
They just watch videos from you.
Shoo!
What are you reading?
I'll actually, uh, Clive Custler.
Comic books?
No.
You read what?
Clive Custler.
I read your pardon.
Uh-huh.
Was that second word?
Custler?
Yes.
And who's that?
He's a writer, does kind of like, you know, action books, I guess you can kind of say,
you know what I mean?
I guess, I guess if you're reading this stuff, he must be a writer, figures, you know.
Yeah, and you're right to watch.
Fiction?
Yeah.
You're wasting time.
You're saying you're time reading fiction?
Let me reach over by the way and turn off that screen, as I see every now and then, some
lines, Brian.
Okay.
And you know me being weak like I am.
Did you see the other movies, Sahara that had Matthew McConaughey in it?
A couple years ago.
No.
Well, I was one of his, what movie was that?
Sahara.
Never heard about it.
I've never seen it.
Oh, well, it's pretty good.
Were there a bunch of, uh, get skis in it?
Were in like, schmottes on their head?
Uh, no.
No.
How could it have been about the Sahara if there weren't a bunch of Arabs in it?
Because they were going to the Sahara to try to find something.
Try to find what?
Try to find an artifactor, um, oh, they're trying to find a Civil War gold over the Sahara.
Civil War gold?
Yeah.
You'd have to read the booker.
See the movie?
And how did it give in the Sahara?
Well, that was the whole big part of it that, you know.
Did Abraham Lincoln take it there?
Yeah, maybe.
Why?
Ethan did, maybe.
Well, this explains a lot about you, you know, the what you're reading.
Uh-huh.
It tells me a lot about the state of your mind.
Well, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you,
what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, what
do you, biggest name, the best, apo, voila, spew various notes, what do you, radius one,
the device is clever, this one is bigger, this two month squared.
.Account, this one is elegant and lifetime, is the best, this is the best, this is the best jumping
be there, a bit to rot those. Will he still be coming out of the
parent in the dines, or live with more plays, since at the same time, will he be
thinner, or still be fat? Or will he adopt a cat? I don't think he'll want to move
back to Florida, when new 69.
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord,
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord,
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord,
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord,
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord,
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord,
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord,
oh, thee, oh, he may receive thunder,
hath hidden north from stndra,
hath hidden pace of when do ye know and on from weiskt
at 5.60 W.D.C.Y.M.
Getting back to this, this is a good article here.
Leonard Pitts wrote it, exhibit traces comic industries,
Jewish origins, maybe out of colic-well-Smith Chris.
Okay.
And tell him that if it wouldn't have been for Hitler,
we wouldn't have had all those comic books super heroes.
All right, going on right now.
It goes on to say, given what we know now of the Holocaust,
there is a certain unbearable innocence
to the exact wish fulfillment.
These images of men in tights winning the war single handed.
It's hard to believe anyone, writers, artists, readers,
America was ever that young.
But then these aren't history books.
They're comic books.
They're every of boys and young men,
who've read in letters and newspapers
about the terrible fate of the Jews,
and have no means of fighting back
except with pen and ink, and daydreams of fighting back.
Kind of like Norma Kent, daydreams of fighting back.
Which is the superhero mythos in a nutshell.
What mile-banded reporter or spindly guy at the beach
brushing sand out of his eyes
hasn't nursed a dream of getting even.
As Danny Finger-Roth, author of Describes
is Clark Kent, Jews comics in the creation of superhero,
puts it,
the superhero fantasies come from the thing of,
I'll show them if only they knew.
Yeah, holy, if only they knew.
Then it goes to an ethnic thing
of we're sick of being afraid.
And it's hard to imagine those years
that anyone was more afraid
or had more reason to be afraid than a Jew.
Still, according to Jerry Robinson,
who assembled Zapp and created Batman's sidekick,
Robin and his nemesis to Joker,
the fact that so many Jews ended up
in the business of comic books is largely,
Hampton Stance.
Hampton Stance rhymes with Robin's pants,
those green tights.
The place was New York, the time was the 30s,
there was a pool of talent in New York
among first and second,
third generation Jewish creators.
There was a lot of anti-semitism at the time he says.
Comic books became a professional ghetto of sorts for Jews
when Superman ignited the comics,
phrase publishers raced to get it on before peaked.
There was no thought along,
Joe, any more,
so anything they produced by one day be deemed fit for museums,
comic books were considered the ultimate
and disposable entertainment.
And as such,
fairly disreputable,
that men in the mindset of the day
was not a feel from which anyone would bother
disfricting Jews.
You ever buy comic books?
Yeah, of course.
90 more, but I used to.
I don't mean like last week,
yeah, I haven't done it.
I've bought a comic book in a couple of years.
Couple of years?
Yeah, probably at least five, six years.
Now you're talking about collectibles
or actually to read them?
Um, a little bit of both, I guess.
Uh, see when I was a kid,
nobody bought stuff like that as collectibles
because like the story just said,
nobody thought this crap would be worth anything someday.
Just like the boxes and boxes,
there's two boxes full of baseball cards
I had in the pristine commission that mothed you out
because she thought it was a bunch of crap.
See if you kept them, you could've been rich by that.
Bitch.
So a lot of Jewish kids,
handy with pen and ink, good with words,
tumbled into the newborn art form
or as a young medium,
Robinson said it was exciting
like the early days of the movie industry.
Everything we did, we did for the first time.
The new medium however,
didn't allow them unrestricted freedom
the mantra for immigrants of that era.
And none more so than Jews was to blend in
to avoid calling attention to customs
or cultural artifacts,
the mainstream might think strange.
So there were no comic book stories
going directly out of the Jewish experience
indeed the very word Jewish was seldom
if ever used.
Finger off a Jewish comic book editor puts it like this.
What they were least about is profaning
their ethnic identity.
I think their closest to Keen was
indirectly confronting Hitler,
and if not directly,
they didn't directly advocating
for American participation in the war.
Aside from that,
I think the whole plot was to make a monthly series
of comics, they were all about being American,
not being any one racial or ethnic group.
See back when I was a kid,
I know a hundred years ago,
and it's like,
oh, there he goes with that old funny,
dirty stuff,
but used out Saturday morning,
go to the movies
and they had like serials.
I'm not talking about like cereal in a box
like frosted flakes.
Oh, it's like talking to marries, right?
Like a rocket man,
and that isn't what he was called rocket man.
What was he called?
Yeah, I don't know, yeah.
I'm gonna have to Google it now.
Yeah, I can't,
and they show those,
there's some channel here
that they show those every now and then.
Superman was like the same thing.
There were like 15 minute serials every week,
and it would leave you hanging at the end of the thing,
and even westerns were like that with serials.
Today, it's finger off.
It's taken for granted
that people are proclaiming
and be proud of their ethnic heritage and background,
but back then,
whatever was the cause you leave the old country,
you wanted to get as far away from that as possible.
Kinda like South Florida.
You want to get as far away from that as possible.
And yet his finger off our use persuasively
in his book,
those cultural imperatives had a way of surfacing
despite all conscious efforts in suppression.
It wasn't just all the Hitler bashing stories
at late 30s and early 40s,
including most famously,
the Joe Simon's Drung of Captain America
decking the German leader.
After all, you had to be Jewish-tayed Hitler.
That's what Will Smith says.
Know the Jewish roots also showed in some of the ways,
considering the founding myth of the whole comics industry,
Superman sent by his parents
to escape the dying planet,
Cricton.
What is that but a riff on the story of Moses?
Ah, Moishi, remember Moishi?
Uh, no.
Consider what Moishi and Solomon,
maybe an Abraham Solomon, my grandpa.
Consider Captain America turning up alive
and still young decades after the war,
steeped in regret over young ally who died.
What is this but a Holocaust survivor's guilt?
Consider the God of Thunder Thor,
forbidden by his father,
Odin, D'Ameria, human.
Odin finally finds for him his finger,
I've put it a nice,
as guardian girl, they got a sif.
Why sure, hope she didn't have sif.
What is that but Jewish strictures against in a marriage?
At least some of them indicated those stories are skeptical
of this act of the fact,
notion that they subconsciously buried artifacts
of Jewish culture in their work,
since Stanley.
In my case, in the case of the people I knew,
we were just trying to come up with heroes
that people would be interested in.
When there was the war in Europe,
we always needed villains.
We used Hitler and the Nazis as villains.
When the communists were considered enemies,
we had a lot of communists as villains.
Today there were a lot of terrorists as villains.
I don't know how much religion had to do with that.
I used to buy my comics at Louis Susman's Dimes store
in Rochester, New York on Conkey Avenue.
She wants to part of time years ago,
I would mention that and people were calling,
oh I remember Louis Susman,
he's been dead for 80 years though, Neil,
but nevertheless, not anymore.
Well, that's because those people ain't out dead.
Those people are dead, that's right, they're all dead.
Good point.
Like the song says.
Like what?
Like the song says.
What song is that?
Dead, dead, dead.
Oh, maybe I could play that for that guy.
Again, almost 70 years after Superman's debut,
Jewishness is no longer cohort.
For instance, the X-Men comic book has borrowed
liberally from Jewish experience,
also the gay and African American experiences
in spinning its allegorical Taylor prejudice against mutants,
including a famous alternate future story
that finally had mutants since the concentration camps.
Superman is ventured back in time to save the Jews
of the Warsaw ghetto back in the 80s,
kept an American had a Jewish girlfriend,
a number of heroes, Moon Knight, Shadow Cat,
Colossal Boy, Sabra, the Israeli superhero team
of Hayoth and most primarily, fantastic four strong
and the thing are known to be Jewish.
Well, I've seen a Jewish thing.
Art speakin' in when a Pulitzer Prize in 1992
for his graphic novel Maus, a serring Holocaust
period in 2001, Michael Shaball,
won the Pulitzer for the novel,
the amazing adventures of Cavalier and Clay,
is loving homage to the Jewish creators
of the comics industry.
It's enough of a turnaround that Captain American
created Josiah Menn, responded to a request
for comment on Zat, shoots back an email demanding
to know what's with the sudden interest in Jews
and comics he seems to be bemused.
He has a right to be.
Simon's more than nine decades,
Virginia, where Jewishness was a vaguely shameful thing
you kept to yourself to wonder the subject
of his amusing exhibitions.
A kid can dream, yes, Bacuda, who could have dreamt of this?
Most of the kids are gone now, Jerry Siegel died in 96,
Joe Schuster in 92, Bob Kane in 98, Jack Kirby in 94.
I bet you'd do what Kirby still did too.
But the daydreams they'd dreamt live on,
all our guys would have been overwhelmed
with seeing this happen,
so Simon personally agreed that our little Jewish boys
and other co-workers,
richly deserve the credit
that is being stolen upon in the day.
Thank you all and Zagazone.
The biggest name.
The best talent is no objects.
456QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I couldn't be wrong, but I could just drop out to be stopping.
Why?
To what drink so much?
Why?
Will I drink so much?
Let me just stop it for a second and speak to me.
Okay, let's see if this really happens.
I'll go on. How's it going?
Is it any better? Is it getting any better?
No drop out there.
Well, that's cool.
Except the one talking.
Every new year, you can't resist it.
It's just when the ball comes down.
I'll be on the ground, hugging the toilet.
I can't believe my lips not the Z's
and I can't smell A.A.
Don't like sobriety.
End of the year means a vendor.
Find out bartender.
Trincinna Bender.
Who through years doesn't end up?
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
I'll blow chunks.
Yeah, the Boss has collapsed.
It's going to blow.
Yeah, I know.
And what's the story?
Wow, it's the story?
Well, you've got a family now or what?
Yeah, unfortunately, I can't say.
I can't say.
Yeah, I can't say.
Yeah, I can't say.
Yeah, I can't say.
You live in the armpit of America
with a wife and a young daughter.
Yeah.
So is that girl turned 18?
I'm outta here.
Oh clear.
OK, we'll keep in touch lanterns.
That was I was here in Columbia.
I'll call again.
Okay, take care of yourself.
You're good.
There's an acquaintance from Kalamazoo Michigan, baby, from Zen in years ago, 1968, 1969.
Well, that's cool.
Yeah, it is cool.
Good guy.
310 votes on a poll by the way, and then that.
Now, see, I told you, and then there were no dropouts there.
You didn't even see the poll, though.
How annoying it is, how impossible it is to try to talk to people.
Oh, right.
And sometimes the dropout goes on for like three seconds.
Well, just hearing me say...
Just hearing when you play it back, I couldn't imagine having here that the whole time.
Now, that wasn't one of the really bad ones either I tried, but that was one of the better ones.
We're just dropping out intimately.
Now, it was a shocker.
Now I can reach over and shut the phone off.
That was good, see?
Oh, right.
When I punch it up and it's Ricky Tickier, something like that that you want to talk to, you know?
Well, that was good.
That made my whole holiday.
Aren't you proud?
Fair to me.
And the dropouts are stopped.
Let's hear it.
Maybe Norma Kent will stop grandstanding long enough to let me continue enjoying the next of the year
and collect my paychecks and just continue doing my job.
And stop trying to create the crises, man.
That's what you do best, Norma.
You take like a little...
You know how there might be like a little piece of paper on fire, on a desk somewhere.
And somebody comes in and pours kerosene all over it and starts a gigantic humongous, un-extinguishable fire.
You know what I mean?
That's Norma Kent.
You mean that's not a good thing?
Taking a little problem and turning into a major crisis, blowing it up.
Just calm down, Norma.
Okay, go find some more runaways and calm down.
Leave me alone.
God.
Go work on 2009, okay?
And a guy that called me four who wondered why I'm bitter.
We don't have enough time.
It's only a four hour show, sir.
I'm not really bitter, but I'm just... I'm bitter.
You know the spots that Donald Sutherland does for Signe Healthcare?
Where's his Signe?
Signe?
Not really.
You never seen those on TV?
My God.
What is wrong with you?
I guess I'm watching the wrong thing, man.
What?
I guess I'm watching the wrong things.
Signe, Signe Healthcare, he speaks with a speechy thing.
Like Donald Sutherland.
Like some kind of a fruitcake.
You're fairy.
Signe Healthcare is taking heed this Christmas, but isn't backing down after its decision
and I, a liver transplant to a teenager, afflicted with leukemia left her dead.
You see that story?
I did not.
Well, she's dead.
Whether you saw her or not, she's still dead.
Natalie Sarchissian, 17, died last week.
And you notice how Lance, my good friend from Kalamazoo, was just talking like... sounded like George there.
After the kids get old enough to move out of the house, I'm out of here.
Yeah, I thought of that too.
Yeah, I hear an awful lot of that from all these amery guys, all these heteros.
Well, that's what goes.
Natalie Sarchissian, 17, died last week after several complications following a bone marrow transplant.
Signe had refused to cover a liver transplant.
The girls doctors had requested, dubbing it experimental, only to be considered at the last minute
when the girls parents already decided to take her off life support.
Oh, it changed their mind too late.
She's dead.
She's on the verge.
She's dying over here.
I'm dying over here.
After taking a beating in the press and on the web, the Philadelphia-based insurance giant
distributed the letter to the press money, defending their decision.
In a letter co-written by Signe President David Cardani, and chief medical officer Dr. Jeffrey Kang,
the company said they doubted the efficacy of the transplant procedure in Sarchissian's case.
In this case, rather than going through our standard method of appeal, we went directly to not one,
but two independent experts in the field who agreed that the procedure in question,
given the patient's particular circumsizes, would not have been an effective or appropriate treatment.
They wrote, evaluating her case on evidence-based guidelines published by independent physician and medical organizations
as well as expert scientific journals and a partridge in a fair tree, but a weak but a boot put about.
Sarchissian's family say they will slowly insure a good, I hope they get a zillion dollars, man.
They alleged to the twice-ticker rock transplant list and purposely waited until she was near death
to approve the transplant because the firm didn't want to bear the cost of the procedure or rehabilitation following the operation.
According to the memo, distributed into the press, the insurer approves more than 90% of all liver transplants requested by its subscribers.
UCLA doctors put around the list for liver transplant December 6th, and liver became available four days later the family said
according to the LA Times, her doctors told Signe the letter that patients in similar situations had a 65% chance of living six months
if they received the liver transplant. Signe refused the procedure however, dubbing it experimental.
Last Thursday, they reversed the decision allowing the transplant to move forward, even though they considered experiment
outside the scope of her mother's policy by the time the news reached Sarchissian's family, however, the girl was already dead.
Too late, she's dead. Oh, but can't you do something about that? We are now too late.
Her parents opted to take her off life support earlier that day, seeing no hope or recovery.
In the letter of Signe officers said they wouldn't comment on the family-specific charges, saying only some of the accusations had mischaracterized our decisions and intentions.
We had good intentions, but she's dead. Yeah, thickened my ass.
No wonder Donald Sutherland Litzfoyne said, Thigna. There was a guy named John Signe who used to be on air.
I think he was at the KDK. I'm not really sure. Does that name ring a bell? And who was Rocketman? No idea.
Let me, can I google it right now? Yeah, of course, can.
Rocketman, no idea. That's why I called him. Oh, command, a commando Cody. That was his name. Just don't know me.
Have you ever heard him? No. They run the whole thing here every now and now. One of my old emoldy TV channels. Oh, it's great. Rocketman, that's not it.
But commando Cody, I'll do that during the break. I don't want to do all this stuff on here because it's bad radio.
And so last thing we want to do, baby, on this station is do any bad radio.
The biggest name of the best know you can ever want. 60 km.
The sports leader.
Or David's a bitch.
Roger, what's the problem up there? Roger Houston confirmed we lost our nuts and bolts up here.
Roger, that you guys know what you're doing up there.
Well, to be honest, we didn't use to negative on that.
They lost a vote last night in flight.
I'm for crying out loud.
I'm for the same, because bad is bad.
Houston, we have a problem.
And that's all I have to say about that.
I'm as opposed to be high.
Okay, I'm joining in here.
I'm dying yet.
Think you might be able to send someone up here to help us?
Roger, space station, negative on that.
I've never heard such don't stuff in my life.
This is not funny. It's totally unprofessional.
It's not simple to space.
You already. You're a fat idiot.
Such an expensive life.
Space station, I'm not sure.
Technically what you want us to do down here.
Well, Houston, we're not exactly sure what to do up here.
I think it's gonna be a long, long time.
I'll say space is well, untouched on.
While I'll send to my panic, I'll bring them home.
Oh, no, no, no.
There's a rocket man.
By a very professional.
Rocket man, shoot with a permission way up there.
Warning, warning.
Come on, this is a rocket science here.
Thank you fellow astronauts there.
I think what you're doing is really important.
Thanks for taking my phone call.
Now get back to work.
Thank you.
Yeah, thanks for taking my call.
Where have we heard that before?
Too many times, 1245.
And it's all of a sudden, like since the dropout stuff,
like the whole world is open up now.
I don't know.
What's cool?
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I felt like I was doing the show like in a broom closet.
I've been out of the closet too many years for that.
Like Commando Cody.
And speak of that.
So I googled it.
And I'd do you ever come across interesting article
something you know, and there's no name on it?
Mm-hmm.
There's a long thing here.
It's, as my childhood hero, a brief overview of the Commando Cody,
aka Rocket Man character.
And it's really interesting.
And it's even got a couple of pictures on it.
But it doesn't have a name on it.
Not that I care.
It would be somebody we don't know anyway, right?
It's a bit of a shmendrick.
He says, one Saturday morning in the late 50s,
I stumbled out of a show quite by accident
that caught my attention and imagination.
It was Commando Cody, Scott Marshall of the Universe.
Commando Cody was a hero designated by the
Interplanatory Council to thwart the plans of aliens
from outer space and taking over the earth.
To me, Cody was exciting and special.
He possessed equipment that provided the means for me
to do things that other heroes could not,
when the exception of Superman, he couldn't do what Superman could do.
I'm just distracted, one moment please.
He had an aerodynamic metallic bullet-shaped helmet
and a flight suit with a jetpack strapped to his back
that enabled him to fly and travel to other plants
in the solar system before the aliens fiendish plants.
And when you saw it, if you thought Clark Kent was like kind of a goofy looking guy,
you know, when he took the Superman outfit off in the game and audio,
this guy was like a schmerell.
Oh, what?
It's just a putz.
I'm trying to think of somebody in the building
who might look like Bob Eisenberg like that, you know,
with a mustache. Gotcha.
Like Maddie Bell on Stilts.
He also had a bullet-shaped rocket ship that could travel to other plants.
He also wore a uniform with a black mask like the lone ranger.
However, I do recall seeing some episodes where he didn't wear the mask
which confused me to some degree.
He had this crazy helmet he would put on in this outfit that he would...
I was... were crazy.
Cheesy. It was very cheesy, but then again, you'd have to consider how long ago it was.
Since being so young at the time, I can't recollect how many of the 12 episodes I actually saw,
but it was one of my main objectives every Saturday morning, not to miss this show.
I drew numerous pictures of Cody and his deeds when we kids played outside,
some kids played Sky King, some were Jason Jackson,
but I was commanding Cody.
Nevertheless, Cody and his flight suit were only on television for a brief time when he no longer appeared in Saturday mornings.
I would wait patiently for more of his adventures, but Commando Cody never returned,
as I grew older Commando Cody became a blurred memory to me.
But, some 30 or so odd years passed from the time I was a young child.
When one night with my older son in a blockbuster's video rental store,
I stumbled across the 12-chapter serial King of the Rocketman.
On the front cover of this video, Bach was a picture of none other than Commando Cody.
Needless to say, all that excitement 30 years ago that I had forgotten about came rushing back to me,
but wait a minute, the character in this video was called Rocketman, not Commando Cody.
See, I wasn't totally wrong, see that?
Mm-hmm. You don't care.
I'm not going to make rockets here about this guy.
As I read the information on the back of the video box,
I was thrilled to find out that there were not only three separate films made with the character he was this flight suit,
but also the TV show Commando Cody, Sky Marshall of the Universe,
within the year I obtained all four of these videos,
and then it was on to describe all four of them.
King of the Rocketman, radar men from the moon.
Oh yeah, that's good.
Zombies of the stratosphere, and Commando Cody,
Sky Marshall of the Universe, radar men from the moon.
That's a good one, baby, staring George Wallace,
not the one in the wheelchair who died.
Well, it goes on about the stunts, the scenes that they did,
and the dummy takeoff scenes were filmed with the dummy going backward down wires
when the film would be printed and reversed, resulting in an authentic takeoff effect.
And when he put this outfit on, he could fly like Superman, baby.
Well, that's cool.
He had like a little dial on it, and we turned it down, zoom, he could fly like a bird.
Like a fairy?
Like a fairy.
The second reason why these films still have followers today is because of the excellent stunt work provided by some of the top stuntmen of the time.
David Sharpe, one of the top names in the history of movie stunt work,
did the Rocketman takeoff and landing scenes in the first serial,
King of the Rocketman, and many of these scenes were used in later films.
Furthermore, Republic known for excelling in the creation of choreographed flight scenes,
and notable stuntmen Tom Steel and Dale Van Sickle,
staging the flight sequences for all three serial and twelve episodes of
Commando Cody, Sky Marshall of the Universe.
Oh, right.
Good stuff.
Great crap.
I mean, you know, nobody under the age of 100 cares about that.
Do I care?
No.
There's good stuff.
And that all comes from the thing about the comic books and the Jews and all of these things,
and we'll smith and Hitler and all that.
You know why?
Dumb people say a lot of things, you know?
That's what I hear.
Yeah, dumb people say, as you notice on this show,
not that we'd ever have dumb people calling in.
But as a result of that, there's an old saying that I use a lot.
When somebody says something absolutely unacceptable, ridiculous, grotesque,
consider the source.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I'm going to start doing that in the future.
Like when I get a big saw today and it's from Norma Cand about,
well, what are we going to do this?
Or I say to myself, I'm going to start saying that.
Consider the source.
Okay?
Okay.
Consider...
Do fair with that.
You know?
335 votes on the pool.
Now, what time did I put the new pool on there?
We're not doing too bad for the day after Christmas.
No, we got over a thousand, so we're all good.
Oh, yeah.
But that's three days worth.
Shhh.
Now, how did the guys do yesterday where they like pumping a pool a little bit?
They were talking about a little bit and everything.
I think my target goal was like 280 or something like that.
Yeah.
So we got the target goal a little bit over.
Your target goal for what?
Today?
No, for yesterday's pool.
Maybe it was 300 auto-rebootal assistance.
We hit the target barely yesterday.
We already had that before they started.
There was a pool I put on there on Monday.
Shhh.
Yeah, no.
Like I said, I liked it a lot better when the audio was dropping out.
Okay.
Oh, if you have any idea how different it is now, that's got to be one of the most annoying things.
But, you know, I can survive.
What I tell you a long time ago, many, many times, I am a survivor.
You'll see.
336 votes on the pool after I die.
I expect a blank.
I honestly have no clue.
142.
Well, let me draw you a picture of it.
Okay, it's not real, Purdy.
But there won't be any pain.
It'll stop the pain.
No more pain.
Physical, mental, emotional.
No more pain.
No more distress.
You'll be in a box.
You got to look on the bright side like Monty Python says, right?
I mean, there's got to be something good about death.
Mm-hmm.
Become nothing more than worm food, 80.
Have a good rest, 54.
That's right.
When you go to hospital, there's somebody on their deathbed.
Just moments away from their last breath say, have a good rest.
Gang is under hate.
Zag is on.
Live on in the afterlife, 37.
Be reincarnated, 17.
Become a ghost, six.
Don't say that if they're like a Muslim, don't say Zag is on.
They'll get pretty pissed off.
And they might actually come back to life.
Well, it's pretty insane.
When was the last time I did a woodbine Wednesday?
It's a long time, isn't it?
Oh, no, nobody cares about that.
What do you care more about?
Commando Cody or my dude in woodbine Wednesday?
Woodbine Wednesday.
Why is that?
Because in the Martin Ten Amateur Lost, I mean, one.
How much you won?
I don't know.
Lately, I've been on a roller, baby.
I don't know what that's all about.
Carb, I have no clue.
Just blind luck.
And I like to go, but there's almost nobody there, which lately, see, I think what they did,
and they do in a lot of these places, they break people.
You know what I mean?
They've maxed out all their credit cards.
They've lost every dime they can get their hands on.
And you don't see them anymore.
Well, there's a lot of people in that category that used to see all the time.
Not no mole.
Do you miss them?
The parking lot, man, looks like they had a bombscare.
Looks as empty.
Do you miss them?
Do I miss what?
The chronics?
No.
The chronics, the chronics that would bind an electric chronics on the phone.
And the one guy showed up there again, I figured what night it was.
A few nights ago, he showed up there over the weekend together.
I told you, it looks like the guy with the eyes.
And when it says, give me a spin.
Now, give me a spin.
He's pointing at the third wheel.
Give me a spin now.
And of course, he doesn't get any.
What a jerk.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, or nearly on my own business.
I'm not a confrontational kind of person, you know?
But I would just like to walk up to him.
We're just leaning over and saving him.
You are such a schmuck, man.
If you look up schmuck in the dictionary, your picture is there.
You're just a jerk.
You're just an absolute idiot.
Oh, I think he probably knows it.
And you know, he would say, don't look at my screen.
Don't look at my board, man.
Don't look at my board.
And that's the same one.
Don't look at his board.
The same guy.
Yeah.
Always with the same routine.
Don't look at my board.
Like, what there is this to make if I look at what he's getting or not.
You know, if you sit next to somebody, unless you're a moron, you look, you know, when he's spinning the thing,
you look and see what they got.
Now, is that his bad to look over someone else's screen?
Is it what?
Is it like a bad thing to do or is it, you know, is it considered bent?
Yeah.
I mean, if you're sitting there staring at it, no.
So, but if you just like, you know, kind of like glance over.
Of course not.
That's how you figure which is the hot machine, man.
Yeah, because I'm going to tell you so I told you I won because I saw somebody winning on a machine
and they got off prematurely and I ran over there and hopped aboard and, but I've been, got a few bucks.
Yeah, because when I was in Vegas, you know, I'd be sitting there and, you know, you're waiting for your wheels to stop anyways.
You know, just kind of like look over and want to, you know, for like a second.
You know, you're supposed to be able to give you like a dirty look about that.
Well, I don't think so, but I feel like I'm going to be like a fairy like this.
Yeah, like with a guy with the eyes junior, a moron, a knitwood, a similar, give me another spin.
No, give me any, he's pointing and he's pointing and he keeps spinning the thing and losing his ass and losing his ass.
There are no spins and people are looking at him like, what's wrong with you?
Can't you shut up?
You idiot, you're simple than you.
And there's a lot of smelly European people there too, but I guess I've been lucky in my trips to Europe.
Although I did tell you about my first trip to Amsterdam when I got on the train from Central Station to my hotel.
Oh, or from the airport to Central Station, I guess it was.
Wow, bad.
It was in the summertime, it was 180 degrees in the shade and I kept thinking to myself, don't you people use deodorant
have you ever heard of Cologne or like any of these things?
Oh yeah, Cologne, that's in Germany.
And the same in France, man, the French are famous for perfumes and you know, all these are sense and stuff.
But the problem is they just don't wear any of them.
They make it, they just don't use it.
They don't use it.
They don't use it.
They use it.
These things.
I think it's for its leader.
The one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
I mean, look at Rosie, anybody that has to kiss Rosie, I feel very sorry for it.
Cell phone videos and on his Zane's execution.
And Nicole Smith has until the end of the day to get an eternity test for her four month-old daughter.
And Smith claims that boyfriend Howard K. Stern is a father.
The post of Indianapolis, when Super Bowl 41, the tug of war over Anacol's body.
Howard K. Stern wants to bury Anacol in the Bahamas.
A space shuttle astronaut is doing a Florida courtroom this morning to face serious charges
standing from an alleged love triangle.
Police say 43 or Alissa Noah acquies armed with a bevy gun and knife when she drove from Houston to Orlando to confront a woman she considered her romantic rival.
There are reports of sheath and ward diapers to not stop.
It's called light earth and it will involve concerts on seven continents to promote awareness of global warming.
The video Britney Spears with a shaved head circulates over the internet now and around the world.
Well, it took a big court battle with a body of Anacol Smith has finally been in bomb.
America voting, San Gia, you are going home tonight.
Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin has died at the age of 76.
Rosalind on the Liberty Bomb Show on the view this morning announcing she's leaving the show.
Could Paris Hilton be going to jail?
More legal trouble today for actor David Haselhoff.
Big fat lesbian loud rosy attacks innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
Alissa Noah cracks up her car.
Jailed life for Paris Hilton the hotel air is suspending her first full day in accounting.
Lunker Paris Hilton has been sprung.
Remanding Paris Hilton back into custody immediately.
If President Bush did not act, your vice president Cheney's former aide would have been reporting to prison in a matter of weeks.
Al Gore-san has been released from the Santa Ana jail after reportedly posting a $20,000 bail.
Actress Lindsay Loan is now out of rehab and reportedly all ready spent a weekend farting in Las Vegas.
Anti-war act of the Cinecia and several hundred protesters are calling for the impeachment of President Bush.
We had Lindsay Loan booked on the show tonight, but apparently she was already booked.
And have you heard about the Britney Stears photo shoot?
Her behavior has been described now as a complete meltdown.
Nicole Richie is president. Richie, she's left guilty last week to drive under the influence last December for driving the wrong way on the freeway.
Another much shock for Lizzy Mo.
Barry Barnes has become baseball's new home run king, but is his record tainted?
Playing bumper cars with Britney Spears could this be her latest meltdowns?
The other two reportedly crashing her Mercedes into a parked station wagon in Hollywood when inspecting the damage?
She managed to hit the car again.
Carl Rove has called a quiz.
If Lary was so mad, Hillary Clinton had to switch from her fancy to wet suit.
The tell is recalling millions of Chinese made toys today.
On the day Michael Vicks should have been with his Atlanta Falcons teammates getting ready for tonight's big game.
The star quarterback instead was in a federal courtroom, pleading guilty to dog fighting charges.
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident in an airport men's room.
While Craig stated he is not gay three times, saying he did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis airport.
Earlier today, a very confused president bush ordered a ban on all pencils in Florida and China because he said they may contain lead.
I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people look at the Minneapolis airport.
While Las Vegas police are calling OJ Simpson a suspect, he says he was conducting both a sting operation at a sink and stumbling around.
Britney Spears big comeback.
Kendall Anderson has walked down the aisle once again.
You guys you know my now Britney Spears has lost custody of her children.
Who's gonna tuck them in at night and lip sync a while away tonight?
Kid Rock is out of jail following his arrest after allegedly fighting outside a waffle house restaurant in the Atlanta area.
Harry Potter fans, this one's for you. It turns out the character Dumbledore is gay.
Vice President Dick Cheney is going hunting again.
I don't know if the writer is gonna strike her now.
Watson Coles, this is the latest in NFL history that unbeaten teens have met.
House Democrats introduced a proposal yesterday to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney.
Another hard scare for Vice President Dick Cheney.
Got your virtual radio host Don I'm Mrs. Back on the air.
Former Vice President Al Gore and members of the UN Climate Change Panel are now officially Nobel laureates for their work on global warming.
House beat Pittsburgh 341313 at O now the NBC announced the J Leno and Conan O'Brien are returning to TV in January.
Hamla Anderson, she filed for divorce on Friday.
Then yesterday she had a change of heart.
Hello, Langside.
I'm not in the middle.
Hello, Langside.
We'll take a cup of kindness, yeah.
For all Langside.
We'll take a cup of kindness, yeah.
For all Langside.
Oh, it's all right. 105 at 560 W.
I'm happy New Year from all your good pies on those of us who are still left here at Q.A.M.
Don't forget Curtis for the Mad Dog at 2 and then we got the Humper hits.
Is what, 4th to last day we figured out?
Yeah, I believe that's what it was on Q.A.M. 4 more full more days and one of today's the number 4.
365 speaking numbers for that guy.
Oh, the number is with a pole.
You with that pole.
What's wrong with that? I'm not even giving you the result.
365, that's a nice number. Our goal is 400.
I just made it up.
Stop it.
You're the main wrong with that.
It would be like over 11 hundred between the two poles.
Of course, that's over what, 18, 20 days.
Ira Churn is right on the smoking chimp.
At the Republican C and N.U.
Q debate in Iowa.
Joseph from Dallas appeared on the screen.
I remember like it was just yesterday staring the candidates right in the eye.
How you answer this question will tell us everything we need to know about you.
He solemnly warned them.
Do you believe every word of this book, specifically this book that I'm holding in my hand?
The book, of course, was the Bible.
What's wrong with this picture?
Yes, it brings religion, front and center to the political arena.
But so did the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.
And hundreds of other ministers of the gospel.
Without them, there could have been no civil rights movement.
So I doubt we want to say that it's always wrong to make faith in politics.
Of course, the Bible talked about how you treat your slaves and stuff like that.
The Bible said slaves were good and stuff like that, but now forget about it.
Even if we wanted to keep the two absolutely separate, we'd be fighting a losing battle.
Religion has always been deeply embedded in U.S. politics for better and for worse.
How could it be otherwise?
You can't ask people to leave their personal values out of their political choices.
And in a country so massively saturated with religion, you can't ask people to leave their faith out of their personal values.
So religion will be in politics, whether we like it or not.
And some of us don't.
Given that the faith-bate politics mixes inevitable and sometimes a force for a progressive change,
why does so many progressives demand religion out of politics?
The answer we always hear is, they're trying to impose their religion on me.
But what exactly does that mean?
Was Dr. King trying to impose his religion upon these southern racists when he demanded integration
because blacks to our children of God?
More recently, progressive faith-based coalitions have won living wage campaigns.
The small businessman who must pay their hell-pire wages may well feel that their freedom is curtailed
due to somebody else's religious beliefs is it fair to complain that they're imposing the religion on us
when game marriage is banned, but not when racial integration or living wage is required?
We need to think this through carefully, Cesara.
The real conflict between religion and politics and a democracy comes not from what people say or do,
but how they talk about it and the authority they invoke for it.
The underlying premise of democracy is that we human beings get to choose our laws and policies,
not discover them inscribed in the cosmos.
The rules that a community lives by are produced by that community and by no one or nothing else.
Any law or policy is fair game as long as it's constitutional and achieved through the democratic process.
Am I reading this while or not? No. It's a holiday, as what do you expect?
The distinguished Mark of religion, too, is not in its substance, but in its style,
according to one theory, current among some scholars of religion.
Any belief statement or action can be religious if it claims some transcendent or supernatural authority for its truth.
Believing in the after death or giving arms to the poor is no more intrinsically religious than praying for a million dollars,
dancing around a tree or robbing a bank.
I wonder if that's dancing a kazaski around the tree.
As long as you say, hey, I didn't think this up on my own.
I know it's right and true because some eternal transcendent authority told me so.
It's religious and that means it can never be challenged or changed.
But challenge and change is the essence of democracy.
The only value of authority for political values is the truth discovered by human thought,
which is always open to challenge and change.
Democracy requires that all the people, either directly or through elected representatives,
be thinking and debating about their laws and policies constantly and endlessly, every claim made in a political arena must be open to debate without limit.
And the debate must be open everyone. No one's ideas can be excluded,
so everybody must have equal access to the terms of the discussion.
No special terms, like words and symbols of a particular religion, can be privileged
because that would exclude all the people that don't find those words and symbols meaningful.
The terms have to be secular. In other words, you can't force the go-and-to-pull-miss-us on their door.
You got a mrs. on your door? Why not?
What is a mrs.? Why?
What is a mrs.?
Those who base their political values in their religion, I'll tell you later,
on their religion have to translate faith statements into value statements
and non-believers can evaluate and debate in rational terms.
That's what Dr. King did.
When he preached that we're all woven together in a single garment of destiny,
no doubt he had theological ideas in mind, but the concept itself is one that any atheist can think about,
interpret and debate in purely secular terms.
So Dr. King never imposed his religion on anyone.
There are people who would impose their religion on us in the strict sense.
They would turn their specific religious doctrine to practice directly into law.
And it's worth keeping an eye on them, but it's not worth spending a whole lot ever worrying about and denouncing them,
because there aren't that many of them, and they just aren't very powerful.
Treating them as if they were the only inflates their power unnecessarily.
Mid-Rondley had to go out of his way to promise he would never bring his religious doctrines directly into politics,
not simply because he's a Mormon, but because even on the right it generally won't wash.
The majority of people who bring their faith into politics on the right as well as the left and center
translate that faith into statements of value couched in more or less secular terms.
The critical question is whether they allow open-ended challenge in debate,
whether they claim, hey, you can't challenge this because we didn't make it up.
It comes from a transcendent authority that can never change and can never be challenged.
If you hear that, it's fair to say, religion out of politics,
because at that point the only response that hurts of another faith or none at all can make is,
I don't believe you. Then there's nothing more to say.
The conversation comes to a dead end, and that means the democratic process comes to an end.
But unless the faithful push democracy to that end, they have a place in the political arena because,
no matter what their motives might be, they're playing by the rules of democracy's game.
And like they say in China, hubbum and drear.
I return this right set on this working chip. And boy, that might cuppy, man.
It's the last thing we need is some Bible-thumping, born-again, bigot as your president.
Not that we don't already have one. When you think we would learn our lesson?
Not. Not those evangelicals, man. Not those right-wing lunatics. Not those bigoted bastards.
373 on your pool. I think we're going to make your 400.
And then we can deck them all with the rules of holly.
So you want to hear about them, Azusa? Yeah.
I think you might be so inspired. You might put some on a control room door.
Couldn't hear it.
So, couldn't hear it.
It's no logic.
4658.
4th leader.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
I know that the Lord never goes away.
Better not even have best rights, man.
Never gonna quit.
It is fun that you fire up your body.
Celebrate and substitute.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Ma-ma-ma, man.
Ma-ma-ma, man.
Ma-ma-ma-na-ra.
See, I don't even know Louis Sussman, huh? Well, what does that tell me?
Who?
17 at 560 W.D. Q.A.M. Here's the M. Azizza's stuff you wanted to hear about. You could have
googled it yourself. The little container you see knelt to some door frames at an angle.
It's not a container. It's a little chachki, man. It's a little of thing.
Okay. Do you ever see a little thing? Not like you.
A M. Azizza is a fix to the doorpost of Jewish homes to fulfill the Mitzbaugh
biblical commandment to inscribe the words of the Shima on the doorpost of your house.
Remember that song by Lonnie Donigan? Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on the
bedpost overnight? Yeah, no, no, no. Now, anyway, many families face the Mitzbaugh
on the front door only, but observant Jews fix one on air-be-doorway in the
home apart from bathrooms. Oh, God forbid you want a full Mitzbaugh on your
bathroom door. Oh, fat. And closets too small to qualify as rooms.
The parchment is prepared by a qualified scribe who has undergone many years of
meticulous training and the verses are written in indelible black ink with a
special quill pen. The parchment is then rolled up and placed inside the case.
According to Holocaust, the Mitzbaugh should be placed on the right side of the door
from the point of view of the person entering the room. Are you following this
when you go home and put yours up? You'll know where it is. Oh, I'm writing it down.
In the upper third of the doorpost, approximately shoulder high, just like, you know,
when you're just like your hockey stick, if it's over your shoulder, man, the gold
won't count. With approximately three inches of the doorway opening, a minority
opinion is that the Mitzbaugh should be affixed on the side of the sate at the
hinge. Speaking of hockey, by the way, I bet you since it's the holidays, oh yeah,
no, they're intramursual. I'll get back to it a minute because if we're running all
these old, I mean, that's all they got to put on is old leaf games. Another franchise living
in the past just like the dolphins. Well, the 72 dolphins, you know, it's like the 60s leaves,
one four Stanley cups. That's 100 years ago. They suck. A minority opinion is that the Mitzbaugh
should be affixed on the side opposite the hinge. In either case, Holocaust requires that Mitzbaugh
and Mitzbaugh's oath be affixed within 30 days of moving into a rented house to the apartment.
After 30 days, you've got to burn the hell, I guess. Oh, this applies to Jews living in the
diaspora outside the land of Israel for a purchased home apartment in the diaspora or residents in
Israel rented or owned. A Mitzbaugh is affixed immediately upon moving in. Don't waste any time,
maybe nail that baby to the door. I almost said to the cross. The case can be affixed to the
door post with nail screws, glue or double-sided tape, wrapping the school and plastic wrap before
placing it in the casebook protected from the elements. From the elements inside your house,
maybe you've got to hold in the roof. Care should be taken to not tear or damage the
parchment or the wording on it as this will invalidate the Mitzbaugh. Oh my god, protect your Mitzbaugh,
baby. What a bunch of Maloney, it's Dan Maloney.
I'm sitting now.
Great boy, you're filming, baby. Wow. Old Maple Leaf Gardens. What memories that brings back?
Remember Maple Leaf Gardens? Is Chris now? Never been there. Never seen a hockey game, have you?
Of course, I have. You have? Yeah. Where the doorway is wide enough, Ashkenazi Jews and
Spanish and Portuguese Jews tilt the Mitzbaugh so that the top slant toward the room in which the door
opens. Tilt your Mitzbaugh, baby. This is done to accommodate the very independence of the medieval
rabbis, Rashi and Revenue Tom, whatever that means, as to whether it should be placed horizontally
or vertically and will apply that God and the Torah, which the Mitzbaugh symbolizes, are entering
the room. Most safe are deemed and other non-Ashkenazi Jews that fix the Mitzbaugh vertically.
The procedure is to hold the Mitzbaugh against the spot on which it will be a fixed and recited
of blessing. Marucho Tadu Nau and I can't read the rest of it. So here it is.
Eloheno Mechhalaum, I share a kid of shadow of the Mitzbaugh Tadu,
Vetsi Vanu, Libko, Mezzusa. Can you say I've got a Mitzbaugh in it? Well, I'm raised, it's written
in English underneath.
5. We've found Michael Aboula. There's some people named Ameika. Michael is come by
one of them.
That's right.
I stand, go back.
And any Jew can recite the blessing provided she or he is holding up to understand the significance
of the Mitzbaugh after the blessing, the Mitzbaugh is attached. Before, so in other words,
when you go home tonight, you get your little Mitzbaugh even a nail on up there on the door,
make sure you're in the right part of the frame. Say, Ba'ruh-hatadu Nau.
Ba'ruh-hatadu Nau.
That's it.
It's all about your boba mysees, but it'll be like that, just do like that.
And you're going to burn in hell, Mr. Let me tell you right now. You're going to burn in hell, Nau.
Because you won't find the fairy tales. The only fairy, you know, of his that's right,
that kind of fairy, that kind of Tom Brady man, crush admiration.
What's his name on Spider-Man? What's the guy?
The actor. James...
James Something.
Marsden.
You play Spider-Man's buddy, huh?
Mars... James Marsden.
Not James Marsden, that's another hot guy, wow.
Woo!
No, James something out of the look at up.
Just a little Spider-Man.
Don't know.
388 on your full, we're approaching that 400 mark.
Boy, if we can do that plus that other phenomenal job,
maybe yesterday with Curtis and the Beast, it would be quite an accomplishment, not.
People, you know, they go through that thing.
Why does he talk about this about, you know, why?
Because I can.
Because it aggravates a lot of people.
Oh, you're such a bastard, yeah.
That's why I'm on the right, though.
What is it?
James Franco.
James Franco, baby, Franco-American.
In a can.
Go tell Larry Craig it's in the can.
He'll go chase it.
You know, that thing where he says he has a wide stance, you know, I just...
Have you ever thought about that?
I mean, I don't want to be a graphic in the middle of lunchtime for a lot of people,
but when he goes in the TV room, he has a wide stance.
Wait until you hear this.
This is going to piss off a lot of hispanics, man.
A lot of Julio is going to be really p-oated, a Fred Thompson.
Whatever hell's name is, that Nazi.
Thompson says immigrants deserve some blame for the mortgage crisis and agrees with voters'
assessment that the Spanish language is sickening.
I think he's sickening is what I think.
What a statement that is to make.
Why doesn't he just put the mustache in his swastik on his forehead?
Swastik on his lip and the mustache on his forehead would be good.
During what must have been a strenuous day of campaigning in Iowa,
Republican candidate Fred Thompson told potential voters that at his one and only appearance
that immigrants deserve some of the blame for the mortgage crisis.
A lot of them couldn't communicate with the people that were getting the mortgage from the lagging
Republican total Iowa audience during his clear conservative choice bus tour.
Thompson's stop in Mason City, Iowa allowed him to plan
Republican fears of immigrants and refund a current frustration with hearing options in Spanish
on recorded phone messages.
Janice Easley, one voter in the audience, was boiling with frustration and having to hear
Power LS Vanyole, Prince Ados, whenever she called the power company.
Everything in Spanish, she said it's sickening.
Power LS Vanyole, Prince Ados, usually it's Phara France.
Prince, however they say it here, if you dial something you'll like for frog.
You are so right, Thompson said calling for English to be made the national language
before placing the blame for a subprime mortgage crisis on non-English speakers.
Thompson's anti-immigrant rhetoric, which apparently wasn't limited just to those people
who under the West illegally, came as the former Tennessee Senator and Law and Order star
tried to breed some life into his Lanceluster campaign.
His attempt to come across as the true conservative, in other words, the real Nazi,
came just days after the virulently anti-immigrant Tom Tencrito withdrew from the race.
And it marked 180 degree switch from his attempt to appeal to his spandid voters
at a Spanish language debate list in three weeks ago.
Now, Spanish hearing things in Spanish is sickening to Fred Thompson.
I think we do share a lot in this country whether he's Spanish or not Hispanic,
Thompson said of the Univision sponsored GOP debate December 9.
I think we have some of the same basic values that didn't work so now he's trying to
bigot game, baby. The bigot card. Play the bigot card, Freddie, baby.
For the record, a confluence of negative economic factors including the burst of the housing bubble,
led to the subprime mortgage crisis that is shakening West economy,
language barriers and not widely believed to be among its leading cause.
For the record, it says, as if.
What is the needs potpains being a dumb frog?
The all-time playoff star for 46 points now.
I told them for 46 points matching his IQ, Denise.
Can you say dummy?
Don't be with it. First is your anti-missive thing and not your anti-hockey stuff.
Can we cut it out?
Hey, I like hockey.
Do you?
Yeah.
Well nobody else doesn't stop for what except me.
And of course, you know, that's his livelihood.
Now, are they racing an aqueduct today?
Is that the third race an aqueduct actually now?
Wow, the four horses is going to win the third race an aqueduct.
Two bad racers already over.
That first assure what a boring day it was yesterday.
They had the highlights from the year in Thurbridge and Harnessed Racing on all day
over and over again.
And I watched it all day over and over again.
It's Christmas day, baby.
It's the end of the day.
I'm a kid.
It's new projects.
48 to 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Can unwrap all the slime all the time.
New kids on the block have been sweeping the country.
And now comes Helen Dale's answer to new kids on the block.
It's Gerrondon music with a message.
Oh, hearts in the condo.
Oh, I saw you on my wife's hair just.
Oh, I know.
35 bad and she don't know.
Oh, the credit recording artist told hearts in the condo with their new smash album.
Friends and animals.
Oh, I sat here.
It was like, there's so good for you.
Sweet and long.
The whole of the old times we made our own.
We're gonna summon it and then it runs.
We're going to drive into the woods around the other days.
And we found one of the close to the block of our way.
So we found across the street.
We walked across the road that a truck gets my wife and it squashed her like a cold.
Oh, hearts in the condo.
Cast the tour by the album before they expire.
I'm all good ones.
I'm all good ones.
No, I'm at sea on my wife's life.
They raised the price on polygrap so I'm sorry.
I can't leave a tip.
First there were new kids on the block.
Now old hearts in the condo.
Oh, I know.
I saw you on my wife's hair just.
Oh, I know.
Old hearts in the condo.
By the album, friends and animals.
And get your tickets for the first live with any wickety bastard ticket outlets.
The third time they've been one Lopez striking to the lead.
Yes, it's too sherry is now back to second with girl power up on the outside.
Third race of Tampa Bay.
Downsman pretty exciting.
This guy's another lunatic.
They're all going to be Tom Durkin.
Man, I want that screaming and yelling and puking.
I don't know when you work in Tampa Bay.
What does that tell you?
Right?
If you reach the cesspool of the universe, uh-huh.
You missed the glorious days, man.
I would eat when we were shaman cast on WS.
You went in Tampa.
Oh boy.
You think our callers are something?
Oh, they kind of dead over there in Tampa Bay.
So red next, man.
Red next.
How dare you say you're going to burn in hell.
And have a nice day.
400-5 votes.
We did it.
I know.
All right.
Which means between the uh- what was it?
About 75 days there during the holidays.
We got a 1100 vote.
Uh-huh.
What you seem to please about it.
Listen, I know you got a plan.
I am pretty.
Where you going to buy your maziza.
Uh-huh.
I got to find out where.
Don't they have a date?
I used to have a sponsor 100 years ago.
I'm sure they no longer in business.
And the owners are all dead.
It was like, uh- what the hell was it called?
Where they had Jewish artifacts and stuff and books and you know, like that.
Like you see all these Christian bookstore stuff like that?
Maybe we could find one for you.
Oh, that's Zach.
How's that?
That's Zach bringing it.
Maybe Zach will bring him a Nora for the holidays.
When it be nice.
How about you Zach?
He's probably got him nailed all over the place.
Probably even one on his back.
Don't even surprised me.
Big target.
I thought he was going to maybe sit in with us one day
this week with George on vacation or what.
Yeah, well, I think he's got Dolphin's stuff today and tomorrow
and then he'll be here Friday maybe.
Again?
Yeah.
Well Thursday's the big uh- bill parcels.
Oh, welcome to town bill.
Congratulations.
You can't do any worse than this.
Hey, so if you think of a uh- if he has like a uh- press conference
and you're during our show would you want to let them put that on the air?
Oh, absolutely.
Are you kidding me?
I think he's probably worst.
So this comes to town and we're not going to carry it on the Dolphin station.
Get that on here, baby.
I all of them know that we have no reservations at all with putting it on the air.
That is correct and be sure until the earlier it starts in the longer it lasts
the better it'll be.
I figured you would have no problem putting it on the air because you know-
That is correct.
Well, how are these for crying out louders?
You know, it's people are busy running around taking crap back.
Exactly.
So he's going to be there to cover that and then uh-
I think they got a nice wallet for my birthday by the way.
Any money in it?
Mine.
Well, that's not good.
I mean, who paid for it?
I did.
Oh.
But I mean- but it's the thought that counts, isn't it?
Is the fact that I paid for it?
Is that making it less valuable?
Well, does someone give it to you?
But they do have your money?
Right.
Do they at least put like a penny or something in it?
See, I didn't tell the story of how I took my close personal friend to a
Ruth Chris Monday night for uh-
Christmas Eve dinner.
Man, it was good.
They were telling me that you went there last.
I know, it didn't sit on the air though.
No.
But if this was a good luck, if you give a wallet or a purse,
you're supposed to put some money in it for like good luck.
I guess you haven't heard that.
You are- you are relentless man.
You're brutal.
Why?
You're just brutal.
I don't know why.
You just are.
I think you learned it from George.
Never.
Just keep ripping the old man and ass.
Keep ripping and we'll be relentless, you know.
I was asking you a question.
Because in my family, like-
I never heard such a thing.
You gave a wallet to somebody who put money in it?
Yeah, like a dollar or whatever.
Just like it's like a dollar.
How cheesy is that?
Well, not all of us are pretty money like-
Dollar, and it's-
Christ almighty, at least a thousand dollar bill.
Do they have those?
Yeah, they do.
Can I have one?
Yeah, go ask management.
See if they'll give you one, okay?
Yeah, they'll laugh.
Santa Claus, this is in Danbury,
Canada.
You'll laugh at this.
You'll be amused.
I hope.
Santa Claus is that a woman who sat on his lap was naughty and not nice.
The Santa at the Danbury Fair in Moral said the woman
grouped him.
The security officer at the mall said Santa Claus has been
sexually assaulted,
pleased to take the lieutenant Thomas Michael said of the weekend complaint.
Sendrama, layme, 33.
What kind of a name is that?
In fact, speaking of what kind of a name is,
a guy to a place for the cowboys, his name is-
Is it Demetrius?
Is that his name?
No, that's not it.
The- Something rather, DE, I don't know what his name is.
I keep thinking, what kind of a name is that?
The Marcus.
The Marcus wait.
The Marcus wait.
Now, is that ever done?
I knew that's kind of an unusual name.
Yeah, but there's a lot of-
The Marcus?
Yeah, there's a lot of nothing.
The Marcus, in ways,
San Graemma, layme, 33 of Danbury,
was charged with sexual assault and breach of peace.
She was released on a promised repair court in January 3.
Police quickly found an identified layme
because the woman was described as being on crutches
said Captain Bob Miles.
A call seeking comment from him, he was answered by recording Tuesday morning.
A woman later called back and said,
it's a false report.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Police didn't give the name of the disconcerted Santa,
but said he is 65 and felt bad because
he was awaiting the see him.
He was apparently shocked and embarrassed
by the whole incident, Miles said.
A man who teaches hundreds of prospective
Santa's every year, Santa Tim Conahan,
president of realsantis.com said he's never heard of similar incident.
Though it's not unusual for adults to want to pose with Santa.
I've had some very nice ladies said on my life sub-Conahan,
who didn't train the denberry fair Santa.
Once in a while I'll say, I hope Mrs. Clause is going to be upset.
You have to be discrete and kind to say,
oh no, she'll be okay.
You can sit here, but only for one photo.
And let me bounce off a down a little bit.
A spokeswoman for Cherry Hill Photo,
the company that coordinates Santa's for denberry fair,
declined to comment.
She's mum.
I'm veerous.
Oh, there's that tiredness busy biting and chewing and killing people.
I'm looking at it.
Don't be mad at the tiredness.
The existence of zoos and aquariums,
Breonna just mentioned them earlier.
They said their entire heart goes out.
Our deepest...
Their entire heart goes out.
How do you like that? The zoo?
Their entire heart.
Not just part of their heart.
Not just the aorta.
The entire heart goes out.
Doesn't that make you feel better?
Of course.
Our heart goes out to so and so.
And we wish that my God's speed,
if God were around there,
He wouldn't let this happen in the first place.
Okay?
He'd keep his eye on those damn tigers.
Are they Bengal tigers?
Are the fins playing the Bengals this weekend?
Oh my God.
Oh, huh.
I'm warning you right now.
They could win that game.
I'm telling you right now.
If there's any other team that they could be
besides the offenseless Baltimore Ravens,
it's since the 90s because they're so inconsistent.
Some weeks they show like shades of what they were last year, you know?
And then there are other weeks when they look like
a scrimmage team like how much are high school kids?
Am I right?
Yes?
Mm-hmm.
Now if we got any Orthodox Jews out there in the audience,
please bring them a Zizubai for Christmas.
Savings from the Old Evil.
This challenge here is not a project.
Beware of exploding balls.
I guess I'll be talking sports today and not about the YouTube
pornography stuff like that.
Correct.
Well thank God for that.
We certainly don't want to interrupt these
sanctity as sports for more than four hours.
In Elizabeth Holtzman's got a good column here.
No vice president is above the law for nothing been post.
Well this is from a couple weeks ago.
I haven't been doing my duty, you know?
Because we've had all this other fall to all going on.
You know what I mean by that?
What do you mean?
I haven't been reading all my bedtime stories
because I don't know.
We've been in the middle of a whole maelstrom of controversy.
What kind of controversy?
Elizabeth Holtzman is great.
I'm not going into it.
You know something you better watch
I'm going to take them to Zizubai and stick it in the mundo and shine.
And both feet too.
Is there any guilt in it?
No, but there's a lot of guilt.
What is guilt?
Former money.
Okay.
Oh who told you to say that?
Eric.
Oh, Eric.
What does Eric know?
What does Eric know about Yiddish?
I guess he's good at that.
Former congresswoman Elizabeth Holtzman,
she was on the House Judiciary Committee during Nixon's impeachment.
She's great.
One of my heroes.
She writes for the first time since the Bush administration took office.
Three members of the House Judiciary Committee, Robert Wessler,
Luis Pudiera, and Tammy Baldwin are calling for hearings on the impeachment
of Vice President Dick Cheney.
Their position while courageous is not surprising.
What is surprising is that it took this long
from every of the Congress to invoke impeachment.
And even now they do so against the enormous political resistance
and cynical indifference from the media.
No serious student of the Constitution would question
that sufficient grounds exist to impeach
both President Bush and Vice President Cheney.
The Constitution provides that the executive
who puts himself above the law and abuses the power of his office may be impeached,
applied confirmed in the impeachment proceedings against President Nixon
for abuses such as illegal wiretapping.
There is little serious debate about whether
Bush administration actions,
wiretapping without court approval,
authorizing and facilitating mistreatment of detainees,
meet the Constitutional standard,
starting the Iraq war on a basis of lies,
exaggeration and misdivance as well.
So why hasn't the majority of Congress supported it?
Plenty members' co-sponsored representative Dennis Kocinic's resolution
calling for the impeachment of Cheney
but buck their leadership to do so.
Democratic leaders took impeachment off the table,
apparently appearing to have heard their chances in 2008.
Does the leadership defend the administration
content that the sanctions are unimpeachable
or argue that they don't rise to the level of abuse for which Nixon was impeached?
Remarkably no.
They publicly say there is no time
and that impeachment proceedings would distract the Congress
from other work and divide the country.
These arguments are laughable compared to the imperative
to uphold the Constitution,
and even on their own terms, they're species.
Let's take them one at a time.
In the case of Nixon, the House officially instructed the Judiciary Committee
to act in early February 74,
the Committee finished voting the articles of impeachment July 29,
less than six months later.
No presidential impeachment proceeding had taken place for almost a hundred years
so the Committee had to start from scratch,
analyzing the Constitution and developing procedures for the impeachment inquiry.
Now the relevant legal spade work is done
and a road map for proper impeachment proceeding exists.
Congress could probably conduct them even faster than in 1974
During Watergate, the House Judiciary Committee conducted the impeachment inquiry.
It didn't deter the rest of the House and the entire Senate
from getting their work done even with a war on.
Even the Judiciary Committee also worked on other matters during impeachment
just as the Senate did during its trial of President Clinton.
And Nixon's impeachment united the American people.
The process was bipartisan,
demonstrating this wasn't just a democratic plight of one to one election.
The fairness of the process, the seriousness of the purpose,
the substantial evidence all gave the public a strong sense
that just as had been done.
This reinvigorated the shared value of that rule of law and preservation of democracy
and are more important than any President or party.
Currently, this value is expressing itself in grassroots impeachment movements across the country.
The Vermont Senate, several state democratic parties and many municipal governments
have adopted resolutions supporting impeachment.
More state legislators would have acted to set for pressure not to do it from Democrats in Washington.
Multiple polls show a majority of Americans supporting the impeachment of Cheney.
In November 13th American Research Group polls says 70% of Americans believe
Vice President Cheney views his office and slightly less than the majority
supporting the impeachment of Bush.
The Democratic leadership tactic of stonewalling this widespread public sentiment is itself divisive,
leaning at least half the country to frustration,
disaffection, and shaken faith in our democracy.
Only a sober, serious hearing about it and some hearings would heal the split.
When Nixon's impeachment process began, he had recently been reelected
with one of the largest landslides in history.
No one made the calculation about whether impeachment was a political winner for Congress.
Public opinions simply forced Congress's hand
after Nixon fired special prosecutor Archibald Cox.
After the House Judiciary Committee conducted an impartial hearing subordinate on impeachment,
Congress's approval soared.
Republicans were swamped in the November 1974 elections.
Whether or not they bring electoral rewards in 2008 impeachment proceedings are the right thing to do.
Regardless of outcome, they'll help curb the serious abuses of this administration
and send a strong message to future administration.
The Constitution means what it says.
No President or Vice President is above the law.
Says the great Elizabeth Holtzman.
You go, girl. She's good.
Aren't too many politicians going to give you a nickel for Bobby Waxley.
There's a good guy right there in Florida.
How come we don't have Bobby Waxley right and for running for prison?
Maybe you can take up some of your holiday guilt and start a campaign.
Okay, I'll get it right on it.
Holiday guilt.
Eric told you to say guilt?
See.
What is this? You guys got like a daisy chain going or something or what?
No, so you know that whole chat room thing.
Are you in the chat room?
Well, yeah.
Like whenever there's something that needs to be changed for the poll.
And I can't do it. I gotta ask him.
So what do you mean by that?
Well, like if we have a mistake.
Yeah.
Like a verb made a mistake or I made a mistake or you know,
I made a mistake.
Oh, when that was that.
Never.
Oh my god.
Damn god.
Believe me, I made a lot of mistakes.
I'm not going to recount them all right now.
Normal.
I made a lot of mistakes.
After I die, I expect a blank.
That's our poll question.
We got 422 votes.
This is what we put on there in midstream today.
Like right in the middle of the show.
Because I took the other one off.
Because it was all right.
Was it about, was it about,
was a pain, pain electomies and the stuff like that?
Yeah.
Call up Mr. Ego. He'll tell you all about fake body parts.
By the way, I mentioned to you about his website.
No.
I was googling one of the articles about me.
That's been written in the past couple weeks.
And somehow there came across a link to Steve Kane's website.
Oh yeah.
It's all about you and what's all about me and Randy.
What is that?
Talk about an obsession.
Obsessed with links to the jick article and links to this.
What is that?
He loves you.
And there's a picture of him in Brian Craig.
It looks like they're, I don't know.
Pretty cozy.
Little Brian.
He used to look pretty good though.
Brian, I'll tell you.
Long time ago though, I bet he don't look too good now.
Anyway, after I die, I expect a blank.
I honestly have no clue.
172.
Well, guess what?
Once you're dead, you're dead for a long time.
That's just me talking.
You know, making sounds with my mouth.
But it's a good guess.
Become nothing more than worm food 102.
Boy, Charlie B.
Or Charlie B was PO yesterday because everything was closed
and he's tired of the going, running, running the world.
It's a great chivaldi Charlie.
He used to it.
Oh, see, Josh?
I don't know.
I'm, we must be.
Or maybe in atheists.
Soon I was.
He's not part of the God's squad.
Let's put it there.
He's not a Jesus Christ.
After I die, I expect to have a good rest.
172.
Why not?
I deserve it.
Live on in the afterlife.
47.
Be reincarnated.
20 and become a ghost.
Only nine.
Out of 4.
22.
Ghost and goblins and stuff like that.
I could say Spooks, but then again,
somebody would take that out of context and twisted around.
Oh, you hear what Neil Rogers said?
Yeah, right.
Wouldn't they?
Most likely.
Yeah, probably.
Anyway, Curtis is coming up next.
What's your biggest name?
The best talent.
You know, his Neil Rogers.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's David.
David Miami Town.
At 560.
WQAM.
That's the best.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
The new light pocket, not other guys.
Are usually hiding from what they realize.
They want their nose in a happily-exciting,
yellow-cocks-crack.
Much like it's more and more,
you can still hear me.
My talking about sports while drinking a beer.
They desire a course to be a selfish,
queer horse and yellow-cocks-crack.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
And the quirs want to hear.
Sports all day.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
The fun and figure is a design of the game.
Anyone who wants to hear just sports will stink and die.
A history without a lot of rules.
Go to the showers, praise.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
Game.
They have up the darkness what a game they played.
And somebody's kid with the hurried gains
to talk about it all the time.
Make you a bag and I'm afraid.
You like yellow-cocks-crack.
Yeah.
Sure thing in burning out morning shows.
No interest in learning how radio.
Just a sausage party for a huge portable host.
Who like yellow-cocks-crack.
You fell.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
Sword-wholeses tease.
Who all in out?
Yellow-cocks-crack.
Yellow-cocks-crack.
They're on your mind.
To sea in your mouths.
Sports Import Sports Korea share.
Sports Corids Now!
Catch you again.
Catch you again.
Tag.
Paul Fee.
Fife Fife Fife!
