It can happen at any moment, at any time, right in the middle of making love.
Oh!
Ja!
Ja!
Ja!
Ja!
Jerry!
My name is Larry!
Oh, sorry!
Oh, Larry!
Larry!
Oh, my sexual stutter end!
Larry!
If you suffer from hunger, you'll suffer from hunger!
Homosexual stuttering!
Oh, yeah!
Call 100!
Call today!
That's 100!
Oh, yeah!
That's 100!
That's the name was Larry!
It's 10-1 at 5-60 WK.
What am I laughing about?
Well, I'll tell you.
But it might as well have a smile on your post and look the Joey's ASB or umbrella.
There's nothing we used to say.
It's not like that.
Yeah, some crap like that.
So anyway, yesterday I did not go.
You'll be pleased to know the bastard Robbins for ice cream.
Now, first of all, I've been talked out of it by people who care enough to send their very best.
That's number one.
Number two, even if I wanted to go, I never had the opportunity.
So I don't want to take too much credit for it.
But, and the reason I had no opportunity is because it was not even, oh, I don't know, a minute passed to a clock.
I was shutting stuff off and here and you're ready to pick up my blank, my poison berry.
And I'm on the way out of this room and all of a sudden, in my hand, that things start...
Like that, you know?
Like that.
And there's a phone call I've answered.
It's jolly fat ass joebell.
Where's it fat ass jolly joebell?
Who starts out right off the bad practice, maybe.
He didn't waste any time.
To tell me that there's a Bokobryan bit that we can't play.
Now, keep in mind that the Bokobryan bits are previewed by our program director, Josh aka Clarence Dero.
And he approves or disapproves, as the case may be.
He approves to this one, we've been playing it and everybody loves it, which is probably why we can't play it anymore.
It's too good and it's too popular and the audience likes it too much.
So, not only can't we play the fart sounds, we can't play the bit about the fart sounds, no more fart sounds.
Which I guess I can give.
I mean, I can't play it, but I can give you like a little refresher course or what a...
Shrek.
Ain't no fart sound.
Anymore, that, no, any more of that either.
So, those people on the audience who think that I'm just making enough when I tell you that, oh, we can't do this, we can't say that.
And then we... this is just another step in the progression or the regression of QAM.
And of course, the excuse being here is that I guess Joyce has been out of shape.
Oh, poor Joyce.
Bokobryan.
They did not say that I can't call her a bitch or anything else that I want to.
So, I will continue doing that.
But I guess she was a p-oat about it and too bad.
We don't really give a crap, okay?
And number two, the aim is things.
Not going to be seen.
First, it was the Janet Jackson nipple thing that was the excuse for everything else.
Oh, yeah, we got the FCC's crackin' down.
Well, the FCC is not crackin' down.
I'm ripping Joyce or on fart sounds or any of these things which have nothing to do with the latest act of psychosis by beastly broad chasing.
I mean, these people are...
B do do do do do.
Their broadcast is like I'm an open-heart surgeon, okay?
I got an operation in Performer 1030.
I'll see you, Joyce.
All right, I'm getting my scalpel sharpened up right now.
But it's very sad.
And my first reaction was, you know, I wasted a half an hour on the phone with this guy because he hasn't got a clue.
He hasn't got a clue.
And the conversation with him always ends, well, I don't know what to tell you, Neil.
And no matter what you say, whether it's pleasant or unpleasant, and usually it's unpleasant, no matter what you say, it always ends with that same, I don't know what to tell you, Neil.
And that's that.
And I said, well, who the hell does know what to tell me?
I was pretty esteemed.
I was a little p-oat.
I was highly p-oat.
And then come to find out that clearance told you about this before the show yesterday, but what time was this?
Oh, it's like three minutes till.
Three minutes before we came on a year?
Yeah, so I'm going to say that.
Whatever it is that you need to say to him, yeah, it's not me.
You know, it's hard sounds, any moe, I mean, any moe.
You can't play that.
So I guess I didn't find out about it.
And of course, luckily I was able to play it those last five times.
I didn't know what the end result was going to be either if they were going to just band it completely, make us change it, whatever.
Yeah, I guess.
I mean, I'm sure that if that yeast infected a hole, if that's the line that's got everybody all whipped up into a frenzy.
And of course, like I said, excuse now, like Janet Jackson was before everything else.
Now it's I'm getting canned.
Of course, I'm just didn't get canned for any FCC violation.
I'm just got canned because CBS came into the pressure.
Right.
Well, I don't think that there's any pressure group outside, picketing out inside the building right now.
Pressure going to be half of that nasty bitch of joys.
I could be wrong about that.
Maybe she's got a whole bunch of flunky lawyers out there, picketing with signs of the crime and peeing on the right.
I have a feeling not, you know.
Yeah, I have a feeling not.
So anyway, my first reaction was to become very, very highly agitated and angry.
And so I called up Norma Kent, which is usually an exercise in futility.
And I was screaming.
I mean, you've heard me scream and shriek in the past, but I don't think quite like this.
I was a wild man.
Not Donald Wild.
Okay.
Screaming and shrieking, carrying on and bitching and molting.
And so he evidently put in a call to Jolly Jo, and the two of them confedulated around six, which I didn't even know about that.
Because nobody bothered to call me back and tell me about it.
Because Norma's too busy chasing boyfriends or whatever he's doing.
But anyway, I don't know later on in the evening I sat here and I was thinking about it.
And I thought to myself, self-screw them.
You know, they're hopeless.
If we get a one share, although George isn't too happy about it because he needs that bonus money.
Bad from the ratings that we almost always get.
Almost.
We didn't get any last time.
I know.
I know.
But other than that, I think we've always gotten a little something, something.
So it was always something you could count on.
Right.
That's correct.
That is correct.
But not no more.
No.
Now that they've taken this thing and driven it down to the depths.
And of course, eight million excuses.
Well, we don't have our license yet.
And not a meat but a boot.
But it won't pop.
But your fault.
Yeah, it's not nothing I did.
I didn't put for all on the internet and put stern on here, which everybody needs.
I said that that was going to last a very short time and be a disaster.
And they keep shooting themselves on the feet and then they want to make everybody else suffer for it.
That's what they've basically done.
And since this guy has come in this goofball, I mean, he's just, he's incredible to me.
Jolly Joe.
He's just, just incredible.
Like I said, you could have a conversation for six hours.
And at the end of the conversation, he would say, well, I don't know what to tell you.
And that would be it.
And you'd ask yourself the musical question, why did I just wait six hours of my life talking to this knucklehead?
You know, why did I do that?
No one had brought up the thing about poor Boca Brian chicken neck, not being able to get paid for his services for the last three months.
Oh, I didn't know anything about that.
And I was screaming and yelling at him about the beesleaves being a totally unreputable company.
And they don't pay people on time and they don't pay their bills.
No, I don't think you're right about that.
Yeah, well, whatever you say. You know, you're a face man.
You're a corporate face man, Joe.
I used to think like with good intentions. I called him Jolly.
He's not Jolly. He's depressing as what he is.
So anyway, last night, like I said, I find it, I shook myself out of that anger and I called up Norma Kent.
I said, you know what? Screw it. Screw it.
If they want me to play, we can go do the music thing.
Now the Ricky Shaw's off here.
My good buddy. He doesn't play music.
We can play Hungarian mizurkas, Chinese melodies.
It makes no difference to me because obviously they don't care if they get a one share or a 20 share.
It doesn't make any difference of ratings and success.
I don't know.
They don't care about ratings.
No, because it's got nothing to do with ball games.
And ball games don't get any ratings.
And the Marlins are good. That's a lame duck.
Anyway, we know it's the last season for them.
We know the Panthers ain't coming back because that was like a disaster.
I mean, you know, putting a hockey game's on in the market where there's like five real fans who even understand a difference between a puck and a frozen bagel.
I mean, what are we talking about?
And so that's where we are.
And I'm sure there are people in the audience think, oh, he's got to be making this up.
I mean, well, what was the big deal with that, but it was funny.
That was the big deal. And of course, everybody wanted to hear it over and over and over again.
So luckily, nobody bothered telling me yesterday.
So I went ahead and played it 800 times.
Thank goodness for that, including right at the end of the show.
Is that ironic?
Sure.
The last bit we played right at the end of the show.
But these people, like I said, they're not competing.
Right.
They're doing is destroying whatever good they're holding only.
They're destroying it.
They're rolling over like a dog lays in it.
And I apologize.
Because you know what a dog like.
I apologize to all the dogs in the world.
Okay, compared to them to the beesleaves because that's an insult to the dogs.
Rolling over, putting their paws up in the ear, like, oh, we surrender.
They're waving the white flag out the window is what they're doing.
Flag a surrender.
And I said, well, what is it you would like me to do?
He said, well, you know, they'd like you to get a seven share without saying anything controversial.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Of course.
They would be like saying they would like you to do a spectacular show without making any sounds with your mouth.
I mean, it's right along the same kind of concept.
And I said, I don't think there's anybody who can do that.
Joe.
Whoa, whoa, you got to do the best you can.
And that's what I've been doing every day.
Do the best I can.
And so today we're going to take a plethora of calls.
Okay.
And we're going to be screening recalls for the first time in I don't know how many years.
And maybe you know something maybe that'll work.
Maybe that'll be the solution to the problem.
And maybe not.
We'll see.
But I'm certainly more than willing to be of anything to try to try to celebrate some kind.
And I don't want to go out like some kind of a fool in the last 18 months.
You know what?
Like Howard Beale said, I've invested 80s in years in this.
And in this case, 9 and a half years on this radio station, I don't want to go out to like some kind of a schlepper.
You know?
Like some kind of a circus clown.
Well guess what, baby.
Send in the clowns.
I'm sending you a paint kit.
Really?
Yeah.
How about one big pants, Adams?
The rest rubber nose.
Oh yeah, you know what?
The biggest red rubber ball on my body.
The biggest rubber nose I can find.
The one where it knows.
Or red rubber.
Well I can't say that.
It goes after the rubber.
I can't say that.
Is this Judy Collins?
You know it.
Oh.
Send in the clowns.
George hates Judy, but no I don't.
I'll tell you more.
What a Judy Collins.
I never said anything about it.
I have no idea.
I hate somebody who's like some folks saying, or I can't think of which one of these.
You could play this all day.
Wouldn't be good.
And then who wouldn't be kind?
Why not?
Safe?
I don't know.
I don't know anymore.
See if it's parents improved.
No, I can't kill that.
Although that doesn't really prove anything anymore because you've proved that big too.
And then, oh gee, corporate doesn't want you to play that any more.
Any more.
Here's the clown.
Yeah, that's appropriate.
Here we go.
Lots of here's lots of clowns.
The QIM folks.
Smoking.
He's smoking it.
I can't think of it.
A lot of people in this fight, that corporate can smoke and smoke.
But they're like that boy.
You talk about kneeling.
I kneeled at it.
Even Jesus never got kneeled like that.
That was beautiful.
There's one more for you.
Everly brothers.
Can he's clown?
Very good.
Man is a freaking genius.
Don't want your love.
I don't like that.
I have the song of the 100 years.
I talk that baby brother.
I love the Everly brothers man done and filled back in the day.
They're old and ugly.
I'm sure about that.
That could be the new format.
I'll talk about them someday.
That's a good idea.
I could talk up.
And then every time I miss a talk up for a step on somebody, you get shot in the ledger.
Something like that.
They'd be glad to do that.
Well, hook up some electrodes.
And of course, how about those tapes?
Yeah.
I didn't even remember to get in that with them because I was so agitated about this other stuff.
And of course, what would he say anyway?
But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, because he's the expert.
He knows his craft man.
Believe me, in fact, I think what it comes to Joe Bell and the Beasley's, they have one thing in common.
Is their middle name.
I could be wrong about that.
But I just have an inkling.
Have an inkling and ready to do the inkling.
Is that what you call it?
And I tend to have 13 at 560 WQM.
That's the latest and not the greatest, as the beat goes on here at QM.
Can we finally, you know, I'd like to be consistent on this station.
We got that point at 11 o'clock at night.
Maybe we can do it at a point something all day long.
All every number will start with a...
Oh!
Everyone can get a lot of beat.
All right!
The erudgers are sports-hole radio.
We had to come around here, but they'd blast off already.
Ho ho ho!
Who is that?
The level of the memory.
Oh!
But I did not order for the level.
Did you order these?
Wooo!
Wooo!
I'd like to...
We had to make a loop out of that sounder that...
Whatever she's doing.
And just played that for four hours, because all the probably joy should be offended.
A lot of times she's easily offended.
You notice we had a car around Holder on line two.
Actually, there were three, but they all dropped it.
I would break, yeah.
There were three on hold, and they all dumped after everything.
And from point of view, I think of the living.
So, so far, that experiment doesn't seem to be working magnificently well.
You'd think with that announcement that I made that revelation at the beginning of the show
that people would be like doing cartwheels over the phone right now,
and wanting this thing to carry on about the beesleaves and about the destruction of a once entertaining show and station
and all of these...
All of the things.
But they don't.
56670560, we'd like to at least get one call on today that we put on hold now.
And Palm 560 and they Verizon singular wireless lines.
Kind of like shoots...
See, and of course, I'm creature of ham, but that I am.
I see a couple ringing in it, and I want to like reach over it, but I'm not going to do that.
Don't let me do it by the way.
Just like the ice cream yesterday.
Here's our first collar on hold, line 6.
Hello.
All right, working good so far.
Excellent.
Good thing, can you?
56670560, Palm 560, and they've Verizon singular wireless line.
Let's see if we can get like one real one.
And then I'll just go back to what I was doing before that has not taken any of the calls.
So, he doesn't understand.
There are no callers anymore.
And part of the reason being that there are no listeners anymore either.
But that's what they're doing to this place.
And it's going to be everybody else's fault.
It's Hank's fault.
It's the mad dog's fault.
It's certainly George's fault.
Oh, definitely white fault too, because I'm a...
Oh, yeah.
QAM, hello.
Andy, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Andy, I don't know if you saw senior tonight, but tonight on the BioWdrF channel,
they're going to have this guy who kind of got old on the machines, the slot machines.
Yeah.
And he did something to the computer and he made up killing up with just a big look at it, see what he...
What time is this going to be?
Tuesday, I mean tonight at 10 o'clock on the BioWdrF channel.
I'll... I'll... I'll... P.V.R., thanks a lot, family.
You got it, buddy.
Alright, see, there's a real call.
Let's see how good that's working.
I think Joe ought to do a show.
I think we ought to put him on.
Instead of those stupid ass tapes.
Great idea.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes.
I think it's wrong that they took your phone off.
That's too good.
So, it never takes your phone off the air.
Oh, it's too good.
It's too good.
It's too good, my friend.
I hope you guys are having a wonderful time together, right?
That was.
I'll bring your friend.
That's too good.
That's him.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
And you?
Yes.
Oh, hi.
You know, you're taking a right attitude.
Just go with the flow because it's happening in government.
It's happening in companies everywhere.
It's just politically correct agenda.
And you're right, because it was bothering me for the longest time.
And you know what?
You can't fight it.
You just really can't.
No, I'm just going to keep doing what I said I was going to do.
And it's taking the money twice a month.
And if they get no number, don't blame me for it.
I mean, you know, we're trying to our best here, but they don't want your best.
Do you want whatever watered down crap they think constitutes a radio show?
Believe me, they don't know crap.
And I really think, I mean, I could be wrong, but I know that these leads own more than just this station.
I mean, I know it's all sports to them.
But I mean, are they trying to lose money so they could take something off at the end of the year for taxes?
I mean, because I can't understand this.
I don't understand why they would go with the flow.
Just calm down.
Take a couple of experts and you'll be okay.
Okay, well you take care now.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Wait a little exercise.
I'm trying to tell you, stay calm for Christ's sake.
Stay calm like me and don't get all worked up.
Christ.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Who?
Glenn 61.
You know something?
You know, I deleted your ass off the MySpace.
And you don't want you on the phone either.
We don't want you on MySpace, in our face, you're sick.
You're sick.
Okay, you're sick.
Take your gun, stick it in your account.
Glory of Brains.
Glenn 61, check it out.
He sends me, after he put on the, after he deleted his own profile yesterday, or the day before I talked about it,
he comes back on there last night and he's got this weird thing and he's got all these sex pictures.
He's telling me all these different sites and I got news for Glenn when I need to see you naked.
That's the day I needed to out borrow one of your guns and blow my brains out.
Okay, and yours two at the same time.
Stay the hell away.
I don't know what's going on this week.
We had Dave Friedman come back, ready, ask Dave Friedman with his sour attitude and now this guy.
And then this morning also, what's his name?
The Abullian guy, Jerry, the Abullian guy who also kissed goodbye quite a while ago.
But they just can't stay away, you know.
They cannot stay away.
The word is obsessed.
They're obsessed.
Glenn 61, my ass.
They, the hell away.
How do you do that?
Sick.
Get some help.
WQA and hello.
Neo, what's up, my friend?
Yes, sir.
Neo, no, the thing with the, the virus channel is the guy that made counterfeit coins.
Like the, uh, casino coins that you put in the slot machine?
They, but they don't use those anymore.
Right.
He, he, he was the one that created perfect counterfeit of them.
And also, Neo, take your own advice.
Take the F and money.
Just take the F and money.
Okay, stay calm.
Are you getting the lecture size like that last guy?
Stay calm.
Just stay calm.
Cool.
Cool.
Right.
Right.
Before we send you to the, to the Ricky Tiki school of calming down in yoga.
Okay, see you.
WQA and hello.
Hey, what's up, I'm going to help.
Yes, sir.
No, I just wanted to give my take on the QA and situation.
Go right ahead.
Talk about this radio station.
We'll give you three, four, five hours to do it.
So go ahead.
Rip them up major ass.
Well, when, when, when you, you know, when we found out Moe had been whatever can they're
you resigned or whatever, I knew it was going to be bad because as much as I hated Moe at
time, you know, you had a show.
I wouldn't mind listening to it.
Yeah, that there must have been it when they let Moe go.
That was the, that was the beginning of the end for QA, I mean.
No, no, listen to me.
I'm serious.
I'm listening.
I'm not going to wait because who in their right mind, okay, we give Kim both angles of
show.
Seriously, somebody who's deaf.
I mean, my God.
Yeah.
What do you think of it as well?
What's that?
Well, because at least I will listen to you and Moe.
Now I just listen to you and I'm gone because that dog, you know, he's all right, but you
know, and then Harmpers, so it comes down to your show, which has been butchered and you
can't even do the show you used to do.
And I'm talking about that.
Yeah, I close.
It's pathetic.
We can't say crap.
I mean, if somebody would have told me 10 years ago that you couldn't play this and you
couldn't play that and the convolices on can be placed, like, what the hell?
Yeah, what the hell?
I mean, I still listen and I'll listen to the end, but it's like, wow, remember the good old
day.
Yeah, at the end, this is the end.
Okay, so how did Jim Morrison force?
Thank you so much.
So we're getting a lot of great calls.
Now, Jono is his crap.
His screen knows calls, baby.
And of course, Chris being the fat ass that he is being just like all his predecessors,
too, too lazy to screen to calls.
That's where the blame goes.
Right.
His idea is, how do you like his stuff?
He was a far-crisp.
Oh, I love answering these phones.
Yeah, especially via nine calls from Ron already.
Yeah, we did get on the ears.
So that's the important thing.
He's all here to come.
Come to me and hello.
Hello, how are you, sir?
Okay, sir.
I'm sitting very calm.
I'm not going to get upset like your other callers.
Good.
Because I don't want you to get upset.
I have things to say.
I have something.
I wanted to ask you a question and I had a statement.
First, regarding QAM Bush League.
That's it.
The question I had for you was, the song that you used to play, I mean, I've been listening
to you for years.
I'm not going to say it because there was, it says the A word in there.
Is that one out of the question then totally?
Yeah, it's the one that was where you born.
Yeah, when you're born in Aho, yeah, get out of here, man.
You're perfect.
Wow.
In fact, what the hell?
I haven't played that in so long.
I'm not even sure.
I know, well, there's that one with it.
What is that called?
Which one?
Were you born?
Oh, a 95.
I got it.
I got it.
I, 95.
That's just the name of a highway.
Can't be a thing wrong with that.
Oh, yeah.
If you drive on it.
Bang.
Let's play just a little tiny bit of all the stuff we can't play no more.
You can be there.
That's great.
We'll be allowed.
We need the entire week to do it.
Even if we play 10 seconds of it, we can't play anymore.
We'll be able to put five seconds of it.
Yeah.
We can't play that'll be the rest of my country for the next few months.
Well, I was driving down 995 the other night.
Yeah.
Somebody nearly cut me right off the roof.
I'll be nine.
I decided what we're going to do in a good, a good man.
It's a road of song about him and Stan.
I can't wait to hear it.
It goes like this.
Yeah.
Where he bought it.
Oh, man.
Wow.
That's where we have to end that.
Hey, half a word is better than none anyway.
If you say so.
Wow.
What?
Well, no, I would have liked to play the whole thing.
But we certainly can't be playing that whole thing.
Here's the poll rhymes with the poll from yesterday.
237 votes.
I'm going to have to slip all this stuff in there because I've got to take a million calls
today and let them rip what's going on in this radio station.
Which is unacceptable, but you know something.
They're digging their own hole in the ground.
They're creating their own funeral.
And one day they'll pay the piper.
They'll pee the, pee the peeper.
How would you describe your sexual orientation on the scale from one to six?
One completely straight, six completely gay.
831 said one.
67.1% totally straight.
But 166 said two.
Like once in a while, maybe they'll do a dilly dally or they just dilly.
71 said six.
That's completely gay.
5.7% like this old queen yours truly.
A 48 said three, which to me right in the middle is like by, at last time I checked.
43 said I'm a Catholic priest or none which we don't believe anyway.
21 said there were five.
Mostly gay but not all the time.
Most of the time but you know who knows.
15, I'm asexual.
Don't do it, A. Nothing.
15, it varies by the day.
11 said there were four.
9 said I'm not really sure and 7 said it varies by the hour.
Just keep checking back.
And what I just do there.
O.C., I screwed myself all up with that damn I 95.
The space and stands for nothing.
President Bush and Queen Elizabeth looked like old friends today.
They set a few islands together with the White House.
And then his brief remarks.
The president drew a roar from the crowd after putting his foot in his mouth.
She is a fabulous fraud.
I choose the moment.
Take the star.
A lot of present friendship.
Neal Hall, Mrs. Bush, the hostess of this evening's White Thai dinner took the media on the tour of the state dining room.
We're so happy tonight have the opportunity to entertain her majesty.
She is a fabulous piece of ass.
1033 ass is the word baby but don't say it because Joyce might get all that out of shape.
Now you'll notice what's happening here and that is that these people don't hold on.
Remember that one we used to do right?
Of course we went screaming us for about what 100 years and we didn't have much to prove until we were like that.
But I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't know how to do a talk show.
Maybe that's a problem.
Maybe if they would have one of those seminars.
Right.
Ding Dong School would be great.
Ding Dong School, we could sit in the bullpen.
They could do a little tap dance every morning before the show.
They could send clearance in there to give us some pointers and tell us what to talk about.
And have Emily sports oriented by the way.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Ding Dong School, Miss Louise, I remember that.
Glad you got the screen in calls again.
It's going to keep idiots off the air.
Not that I'm not one of them.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
But I had one question for you.
Francis Horwich, by the way, was Ding Dong School.
Francis Horwich.
And while Miss Louise was romper room, my mistake, my back.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me ask you a question.
I mean, I know there's a lot to talk about with QAM but I want to talk about something off to the side if I could.
To the side. Go ahead.
Well, satellite would open an Anthony.
Now, they're gone for a month.
Now, I've never listened to their show.
I really don't care about them.
If they get suspended from satellite, which is supposed to be saying, do whatever you want, then what is there?
There's no hope, man.
Take your radio, take your car radio, and drop it in the bottom of the screen, baby.
That's my suggestion.
No, I love you.
I listen to QAM more than anything.
I'm fortunate that I'm kind of friends with Bo Campo.
I'm sorry to see his statistics, his numbers are down a lot, that kind of stuff.
But the management there, they put the gun to the station.
They're selling those cells.
This management's own fault there.
It's as simple as that, putting hand in the morning was terrible.
That's correct.
You know, I mean, and Hank, Hank's, Hank, a manager doing, I think, a decent job, but they let the competition get back in the bargain.
You guys did nothing to improve yourself.
And you got, if you don't improve yourself, then you're falling behind.
It's as simple as that.
That is correct.
I was gonna understand that.
Okay, see you later, Lover.
Okay, see you.
And they're lost without a road map and a compass.
That's the problem.
They're lost in the middle of the Sahara Desert.
They don't have a canteen with water.
They don't have a compass, a road map.
They don't have a search party.
You want to see if there's like a little tink of the water somewhere.
And they would now have a tinkle if you put it in the right direction.
Because Joyce wouldn't allow it.
It would be pornographic to tinkle.
Okay, let's take it well.
See, I better get in the habit of taking these while we got them.
Because they don't hang on.
Right.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, are we talking about the same Joyce?
Uh, there's over on the west coast.
Are the Naples?
Yes.
Well, I was there a couple weeks past looking at picking out a plot from my mother.
And I think this is the same Joyce.
I ran into her in a country western bar.
Okay, great.
Okay, here's the poll we've written today so far.
He ran into her in a country western bar.
Not hard enough.
Yeah.
Two better wasn't with the Mac truck.
813 votes on today's poll.
We'll make 1,000.
Chris, aren't you pleased with that?
You got all of them.
I'll be pleased about it.
Hey, listen.
Like I said, and I really mean this.
I just, I sat there on the sofa last night thinking about this.
The steam was coming out of my ears and I said to myself,
I asked myself one question.
The question was, what am I getting excited about?
I mean, I already know there are a bunch of incompetent fools
and that they're doing everything in their power to destroy
whatever a lot of other people.
You know, there was a great, a great moment that conversation
with Fat jolly Joe yesterday.
I was talking about Greg Reed, the this and the that.
He says, well, Greg Reed is gone.
And I said, so was the audience.
It's funny because it's true.
Yeah, I mean, and I hastened to add, there's no connection there.
In other words, we didn't have an audience because Greg Reed was there.
But nevertheless, he just gave me that opening and I couldn't resist.
Greg Reed is gone and I said, Joe, so was the audience.
And he, there was a moment of silence.
822 votes on the poll.
What's your favorite theme song from the 60s TV sitcoms?
And leading so far?
Oh, yeah.
The monkeys.
That's what I voted for.
Mine was the first vote.
So limited, I know that other people have such good taste like me.
The monkeys, 119.
The Adam's family, 96.
Do I have that?
Yeah, I got that.
Beverly Hillbilly's, I don't have 94.
You got that?
We don't have to play all of these all over Kill some great time.
Is that it?
Beverly Hillbilly's?
Yeah.
No.
What is that?
I have no idea.
Well, I'm letting you plan it for Cut the crap.
Oh, sorry.
Green Acres 80.
I thought it was the...
Next later on, we'll be playing that for a couple of hours.
I'll just round about time.
The hell yeah.
The hell yeah.
And then we'll see if Joyce approves it, but or not.
Well, have Claret's call up Joyce.
Hey, what do you think Joyce?
What do you think, honey?
No.
We ain't acres 80.
Gilligan's Island 69.
The Jetson 60.
Hogan's Hero is 53.
The Munster is 47.
The Andy Griffith Show 47.
I think I have that handy.
Oh, I hate that show.
Hate that theme.
Oh, I think there was a little in Dixie on that thing.
Get smart 40.
Mr. Red 31.
Now I know for a fact.
Oh, we got Mr....
You know something?
I haven't played that.
In a long time, that's going to have to Mr. Mulman.
All right.
Now why didn't hell have it?
I've played that in so long.
I don't know.
Oh, let's hope it's clean.
Mr. Red.
Good morning, they saw it where I may have you.
Hello.
Hello.
Good morning, they saw it where I may have you.
Hello.
I'm Mr. Red.
Well, here you go.
It sure took a long time to get to that.
Mr. Mulman, holy cow, no wonder we're a drop a little bit.
Once we play that again and get that mo sound on the ear,
I had a laugh that got constant when they got mo off the morning.
All the way, we'll say this.
He had better numbers than we got now, which ain't so much.
Mr. Red 31, I dream of Genie 29.
Bewitched 10.
That girl 9.
Petico Junction.
See, they're just changing.
I hate when they do that to me.
Petico Junction 10.
Bewitched 10.
That girl 9.
My three sons 8.
Don Grady was a robbery on my three sons.
And he was doing furrow faucet.
So the rumor was, you know.
Michele's Navy 8, leaving to Bieber for the flying nun 3.
Here's Lucy 2.
Well, I wasn't, I don't think we even have that thing.
Do we, from here's Lucy?
No, I don't have it.
Well, maybe.
I hope not.
I mean, I love Lucy that's loosely.
That's another story.
He gives it to my favorite Martian 1,
Gomer's Piles 1, and Hazel don't have any out of 826.
And thank goodness I don't think I got Hazel.
We were talking for the show today about witch hazel,
which they still make.
I'm so pleased they didn't know that.
Because when I was a kid boy, when he got in a skater bike,
he always used to get out that big old,
juggle witch hazel man,
and just slathered it on you.
It smelled like hell, but nevertheless.
I don't remember whether it really worked or not.
Was it as any good?
I don't know, it dries you out.
Maybe we could smear some on the transmitter.
Some of which hazel can't hurt.
1040, 20 to 11, it used to be great QAM,
where they're absolutely in a,
they're in a burn and destroy mode these days.
They're just in a deforestation.
Maybe we can get Jeff in deforestation.
Because everybody hates him like poison.
I'll probably put him back on here.
I've got another boring show this weekend.
Or are you gonna get serious?
This Saturday night on ESPN,
it's the end of the year.
The WWF Sissy pants!
Wap down!
We all need excitement.
Now, knock it off!
We all need energy!
No, you knock it off!
That's cool in the world's weakest and deep.
It's the most obvious claim of the title of world's weakest Shitty.
Oh wait, how can we make it?
We'll paint the hell with the fuck on us, man!
Ow!
The actio station!
I'm doing my best!
We're gonna go look here!
Okay, then I've killed my mom!
Please don't leave me with this!
It's the WWF Sissy pants!
Slap down!
Who will claim the title and rule?
Fight out this Saturday night on ESPN!
That's 45 at 560 W. We're off to the races baby. This thing with the put in the people on hold this is working like a charm
Or something they don't hold on to long, but man
We've had more colors and the real colors in the first hour that Joe Valito he knows is crap tonight. He noted yeah
We got the worst George none not again. Take a guess
He's back to another choice. Yeah, I guess all that talk I don't you know wow
This is like a whole series of these this morning started away before the show and he's just running up and down a hallway like a maniac
Hopefully he's like a
Little message in the hall especially right outside Joe and Clarence's orifice
Mad dog at two we got the power hour mad dog and hang four to five
Humpers solo five to six thirty if they have enough oxygen today
See they just about killed him by that morning thing. I think they finished him off pretty good
Marlins on deck at six thirty the marlins on the fillies
705 and then game night with etiquette after the ball game after giving me the ball
W. Q. Way and hello hello Neil. Yes, sir Johnny front day never gets that movie that part is perfect for him
It'll make him a big star. I'm gonna run him out of the business. So let
Like I said
I'll try another one Q. I. M. Hello
Yeah, Neil
The Ethan Eastern high but that damn levittar shows pretty good. Yeah, pretty weak
Well, what's that got to what has that have to do with this show? He's on any afternoon. What's that kind of with us?
I know with the exception of you. I mean honestly
That station is boring. Yeah
and
Okay, well, thanks for your
Perspectations observation
Jay and Gainesville's gotten observation he found he emailed me this on my space is a can't believe what I just heard
You say about the banning of Bokeh's brilliant bit. I would really rip the living Mike Schmidt out of Joyce
But what's the point? He says you know how inimately unbelievable this crap is I
Do it minimally know I'm glad to know
Inimately know that bitch because I'd probably have to get a shot
I
Love to show a lot but it's over says Jay my advice to you
Which you do not need is tell Norma to pursue a buyout so you can get away from that crazy company. It's over
He says no, it isn't over Jay the checks keep showing up. Okay, I I told Joey yesterday if they had any poem
I'd like right me a check and say goodbye. Oh, we don't want to do that is what he said we don't want to do that
Let's look to your audience at this point. Chase is will follow you wherever you go and all you're doing right now
It's keeping this outfit afloat. It's like a neighbor the alcoholics if you get out of there the ghost of Robo Young
Consulate can turn off the transmitter and nobody would notice Neil God's feats is Jay in gamesville. Thank you Jay
Is George back from yeah? Yeah, yeah, I'm doing your Jay. I did
Wait to hear this although you see I'm tempted to take these now
Which is probably not a good idea because I know they won't hang on WQ. I am hello
How do you like that?
Chris
Well, it's got to take you a while to get it down. Yeah, that wasn't the voice that called because I know that idiot's voice
That wasn't what I called. Oh don't tell me that they actually had somebody calling and putting
Yeah, I'm playing the old game and I told you that they do they wouldn't be doing that
WQ. I am hello
Yeah, no, yes sir. Thanks for taking my call. I'm making your call sir. I still have a damn thing to say that's worth anything
But have a nice day anyway
Get off the phone then I
Don't need to have you people on hold there and give me a good guilty conscience because I know you're not gonna hang on and like
Yeah, you have something breathtaking to say
When Leo Grossinger was eight days old as parents invited their brothers and friends to a ceremony
Welcome welcoming him into their midst as Jewish families have done for thousands of years
They recited Hebrew blessings let candle shared wine and holly a braided bread it says holla
holly we call it baby
Rams with holly holly a rabbi confer to Leo's Hebrew name a seal which means created by God when the ceremony was over the guest
Eight bagels and locks all them all the event looked a lot like any other brisk or ritual circumcision the only difference was that Leo never had this
Shit his diaper
I wanted to feel like connection with tradition said Leo's mother Erica Wadner and it was important to her that the baby
Be given a Hebrew name and memory of Wadner's mother but neither Wadner nor husband Robin Grossinger
Lend to a conflict pain and trauma on their new baby for a surgical procedure doctor say is not medically necessary
The couple of Berkeley California among a small but growing number of American Jews who are questioning
What is arguably the most sacred right in Judaism this but an often strong affiliation with the Jewish community
Believe that circumcision is inconsistent with the Jewish ethical imperative not to harm another human being
In other words don't cut like that to drop in you guys
That one
Once performed routine and performed routinely and nearly all newborn males in this country circumcision has become less common in recent decades
The rate of US babies being circumcised before leaving the hospital is going for an estimated 85% in
1965 to 57% in
2004 in other words, there's a lot more turtles running around on the loose
All right nothing wrong with the turtle like sweater
But it would be difficult to overstate the significance of the practice in Jewish life even for the non-observant there are
613 commandments in Judaism I never knew that did you nope said rabbi Moishi Kushner director of the Chicago Medical Council
But that single commandment to circumcise is equal to the other 612 combined well sounds to me like this rabbi's got a little bit over
I involved in that particular genital area of the
That's the covenant baby is that what it is sure
Without that you can have the real estate the book of Genesis mandates that every male descendant of Abraham be circumcised on the eighth day after birth
God tells the patriarch
This is my covenant which you shall keep any uncircumcised male who was not circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin
She'll be cut off from his people he has broken my covenant. She'll be cut off
Don't cut
Or should be cut off I guess is what he's trying to say
Many Jewish parents hold a bris in the home where the cutting is done by a trained person called a loyal others
Have the sons circumcised in the hospital is it a boy or a girl well?
That's a boy you don't need a boy oil a Jewish boy who's not circumcised
Kid Kushner is not totally Jewish and some advise would refuse to officiate his varmids for a wedding
You're a guy. Okay. All of the guy am all the time and yet breaking off with what some parents have begun to view as a barbaric
White is no longer on her though
Brille Epstein was one year old son Arias intact said she knows at least a couple of dozen doesn't practice in Jewish families
Who don't circumcise?
There are little in hiding she said that when people find out we didn't they come out and say oh we didn't either
People are starting to realize it's not reading that important there lots of biblical traditions
We no longer follow such as animal sacrifice and polygamy circumcision maybe another one we don't all follow she said
Epstein was an Austin with her husband and two children
And then there's a line missing here. So I'm sure it wasn't very important honey
It's hard to know how many Jews I'm not calling you honey. Oh, by the way speaking of that George is
Got and taken care of now they will be done. I
Took you. Thank you. Well, no since I had a talk to Norma Kent last night took care of all that will business, you know
Including you and other situations all done
Thank you. You're welcome. Well, you know I got a cry. You can die right
It's hard to know how many Jews are giving up to practice of circumcision as statistics are not broken down by religion
But an unscientific survey conducted recently by Mami Mami. I bet you got it by L. Zolson
How I love you? I love you
You don't want to hear old Mami and it's really parenting website found that 3.2% is really Jews
No longer a circumcised healthy to be circumspect
Isn't it yeah, well what happened?
You're a couple listen
Mami
Some of the other queens are not in
Tell you what's sucking on a bowling ball
I'm not as old as I'm not as good though. Al is also was great back in the day when I was like a little kid
Hundred years ago, and those 78s. Oh those were good real brittle those records
78s. You remember that break like yeah, they're real thick and they broke real easy
They would crack in the Chicago where the only rabbi Adam Halom of
Kuhada Shumanistic congregation in the northern suburbs will officially that a non-cutting bris and what does that mean a non-cutting bris?
They don't much they don't they don't slice they what maybe they just pinch it they pinch it a little bit
Well sure wouldn't be the first time that
Halom performs naming ceremonies for babies of both sexes
But in his six years as rabbi in the Midwest he's done only for two baby boys whose parents decided not to circumcise
It's definitely a minority perspective he said the decision may be more common
There is where routine circumcision is less common nearly 80% of newborn boys are circumcised in the Midwest compared with 59% in the south and only 32%
The West 32% holy moly rat man
Rabbi Jay Hangen who officiated Leo Grossimures alternative bris and he does about a five
He does five a year in the San Francisco Bay Area with no cutting
After officiating a traditional bris and monies for over three decades. I've concluded
It's just too painful and traumatic for me to inflict on a neonate
He said if I doubt it's something I subject myself to it as an adult
I'm certainly not keen on reflecting it on a baby. Well, how do you like that? Right
Of course, you know the thing with the babies you got to pull that baby out of the mother's womb
So I guess you know you wouldn't want to do that to an adult
Well
Don't don't embellish that because then we'll get joy. Yeah, you know everything
We say every idea that you think everything that might be a little bit sub-rosa as they say a little off color
I know off key all instrumental melodies like music
No, I think that's not going to do me and of course Jay and Gainesville
I appreciate his sympathies before that it's over. It's not over the paychecks keep coming
I mean when the paychecks stop coming then we'll be overall right then I'll see them in court
866 votes and Hazel finally got one thank God for poor Hazel
Wasn't Hazel the maid was she from like another show? Was that a spinoff? I forget. I don't know. She was a maid, right? Yes
Well, if you look like that it'd be hard to get made. I'll tell you that monkeys are reading 121 and the animus family is a nice second 101
Bad show by the way
Was a Jackie Cougan was he now Jackie Cooper? No Jackie Cougan. Jackie Cougan Uncle Fester. He was the ball guy right
Not to be confused with Al-Awe's grandpa from the monsters right
Who's dead and didn't he die? He did that. I think so fine
Once Howard Stern went to Sirius that was the end of Al-Awe's and then I got a call before about that too about
Opian Anthony there should be another good lesson to you just because people are insurious
They thought oh well. They're on satellite XM and Sirius. Well guess what they're taking the same crap
Because this is a business of cowards of spinoffs cowards who are shaking in their boots shaking and quaking and baking and
Snaking and making and faking. I think that's the opposite word for us
Faking to the neo-Rodger show
This is your brain
Don't don't don't don't any questions
Is the moment
You will see
Oh
You think
Oh
I think
You
To
He speaks me out of his neck,
but that's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
What's that story?
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
He's a toy story.
Lebanon, oh, true.
We missed those days.
Let me tell you right now.
Back in the days when we had an audience on this radio station.
B.J., oh, you can't say that.
Joyce, I'm going to tell you that.
That's not what you think it means.
It means before Joyce.
Before Joyce, and before Josh Dero.
He was there, but he didn't have his finger in the transmitter.
In fact, back then, I think he had his finger in it.
Right.
Which is a lot safer place where he's concerned.
So, what did he say to you yesterday?
This morning from Chris was the first day I even heard about this
little incident that occurred right before the show yesterday.
Yeah.
What did he say?
He came in like what it was after the switch.
And he said, I know this is probably the wrong time to be addressing this.
Yes.
We have a problem with that bit.
What do we mean we have a problem?
He's the one who approved it.
He's the program director.
He's the one who approves it.
See, now I'm getting excited again.
Let me do that.
Don't do that.
888 and the pole by the way, we'll get 1,000 of this hour.
Yeah, go ahead.
He came in and he said, we have a problem with that.
You've got a problem, right?
It's called non-compas-weeness clearance.
That's your problem.
Non-compas-weeness.
And that's it.
It made its way over to corporate.
What do you mean it made its way?
I don't know what he means when he says that, but that's what he said.
What did he say?
Did the bit cross the line?
It hit the right.
It hit the right on the back of a truck over there.
It's over there.
I do like that, man.
It found Joyce and it got climbed upon her.
And he said, and you know, and though they might not want you to play it anymore,
and by that little kneel, whatever he said, they might not want us.
They might not want you to play it anymore.
Or change it or something like that.
And I know that this is, and I told him, no, this is not the time.
And if you hit him with this now, you know, if we switch back and hit him with this now,
there is no telling what his reaction might be up to, including, you know, just walking off.
Just walking off.
Yeah. I know you're going to do a shake chest.
I got news for you. I'm not getting up and walking out.
I'm 64 years old. I'm not some kind of a punk.
Like I used to be years ago that's impetuous and all emotional.
I'm going to get up.
I'm walking out in here because you can't, you know, when you and me.
If they want a one share, they can have it.
If they want a no share, they can have that too.
Because you know what? They're going to get what they deserve.
Exactly. Between you and me, I knew that you wouldn't walk off,
but I knew that it wouldn't be a good idea to address it right then and there.
And probably better if they waited until after the show because of me.
Until immediately when the show went, I wasn't even, my ass wasn't even outside the door of this little studio here.
Because nothing else before we was getting the play.
Even Brian Wilson was doing a good vibrations thing, man.
What am I doing?
And I looked at it and it was Joe Jolly, Joe Bell.
And I thought, oh boy.
Neil, I don't want you to play that Joyce event.
I know far it's out.
How is things, Neil?
Oh, oh.
And then he tried to get off the phone in the middle of the conversation.
I gave him a, is today would buy in one day?
Oh, no, it's not would buy in Monday.
Joe, there is no such thing as would buy in Monday.
Okay? You goofballed. You silly person you.
A woman blames the devil and not her husband for severely burning their infant daughter after the two-month-old was put in a microwave.
A Houston TV station reporter. This is in Galveston, Texas.
And Glenn Campbell is singing Galveston.
Oh God, what a bad song.
You got it?
Yeah, but I don't want to, I have to open up the thing.
Oh, don't do it then. Good.
Even Marie Maldon.
No relation to Ken Maldon. Not spelled the same way anyway.
How's Ken doing, by the way? He's a great guy. How's Ken?
I still see it. He's fine.
Good. Seems fine.
Love you, Ken.
Even Marie Maldon said Satan.
And by the way, the message from what's his name?
What was his name?
J and Gainesville.
That was only one of a couple of emails.
The professor, I can't read his email because every other word was an expletive, okay?
It was like, uh, that screw them and the beesleys and Joyce and things like that.
A lot of people are really pissed off.
And I don't blame them, but you know what? Let them be pissed off.
I'm saying calm is can be.
I'm as cool as a cucumber in deal pickle form.
Isn't the cucumber like pickle?
Correct.
Oh, pickle is a cucumber.
What?
Pickles are made from cucumbers.
Come on.
Even Marie Maldon said Satan compelled her 19-year-old husband Joshua Royce Maldon
to microwave their daughter May 10th.
Satan saw my husband as a threat.
Satan attacked him because he saw Joshua as a threat.
Even Maldon told the Houston TV station.
A Galveston County Grand jury and died of Joshua Maldon last week on Child and Recharges.
After hearing evidence, he placed his daughter in the microwave for a few seconds.
The infant, Anna Marie, remains hospitalized.
She suffered burns on the left side of her face and her left hand.
He nuked her a little bit.
19-year-old husband Mayas, okay?
Even Marie, the girls 20-year-old mother, told the TV station.
Their husband is not the monster of people to make him mount to be.
That was not my husband.
My husband is a wonderful father.
She said Satan was working through his weaknesses right to devil-made him do it.
Just like probably what happened to Joyce over there with that bit.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I'm another one.
In fact, I'm looking for it.
I think it like weedled it so here it is.
Ain't no thought sounds anymore.
I can't hear that no more.
I just forgot to tell you something.
Just like that thing with the I-95 of the whole song.
Eva Maldon described these weaknesses as an undisclosed mental disability in that efforts to get help from a failed.
He's a crazy person which is very well qualified to make babies.
You know, one thing about making babies, it doesn't require a tremendous amount of skill.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, the police say Joshua Maldon told him and sometimes you don't even want to be making one and you make one, George.
The police say Joshua Maldon told him he put an anemory in the microwave because he was under stress.
He was under stress.
Eva Maldon, who met her husband in Arkansas Church, denied the claims by police.
He would never do anything to hurt her.
He loves her when she cries.
He's the one who comforts her.
When she is sick, he is the one who puts her in the microwave oven for a little while to kill the disease.
Joshua of Horn, Arkansas came to Galveston with his wife and mother because he was called to be a preacher.
All right!
He's a preacher man.
Son of a preacher man, isn't that by a Bobby Gentry? Son of a preacher man?
I think so.
Everything comes back to son of a silly ass song.
That's one of the good things about being an old fart like me is you've been around long enough.
You know all of them old silly ass songs like Son of a preacher man.
What about Old Debili Jo with Robbie Benson?
What about it?
Jumped off with Bobby Gentry.
You're not going to play any of these now?
I'm opening it up back up.
Oh, I had to add some tunes to it.
Like what?
Like the I dream of Genie theme, which is what I voted for.
You didn't have to do that?
You don't think I've got that here somewhere?
I wanted it.
I want to have it in the collection over here.
I might have to do a show someday if the tapes don't work.
I wanted it.
I wanted it.
Yeah, okay. Good.
Everybody wanted it.
I can think of some people like that.
Everybody wants them.
Now, what am I looking for?
I dream of Genie.
Dun-dun-dun-dun.
I don't see it.
That's the witch I'm singing anyway.
Right.
I want everybody knows, be witch.
Oh, there's ultimately Joe Bobby Gentry.
Where's the I dream of?
I was out chopping cotton in my brother.
Cotton cotton.
Oh, the band Joe went in the right.
I think that's the 10th of the circus or the county or whatever it was.
He did all that guy in there.
Oh, yeah.
He was dealing with a guy in the 10th.
And it was kind of tense about it.
So he jumped off the town I had to bridge.
And he'd never been seeing no more.
There we go.
That's a good thing.
It's a great show.
I thought I'd vote it for it.
Oh, good.
But I did like the monkey statement.
I almost voted for it.
Well, that seems to be leading away so far.
Nothing wrong with that.
Here we come.
The monkeys.
We'll see Amy Jones and Mickey Golems and Peter Dorke.
Torque.
And I left one out and Mickey Golems.
Do I say it?
They were good.
They were all ugly, but they were pretty good.
So anyway, this story about the microwave.
She's hoping whatever her name is, even to be reunited with her daughter.
But child protective services is working at her in Joshua's parental rights terminated.
I think we should have them terminate.
Doesn't sound like a winning idea.
Sounds great.
Sounds great to me.
Joyce.
Bitch.
See, one thing about that is I don't care how offended she is.
Well, then the other comment that was dropped in the early part of this conversation was,
well, they're worried about, you know, defamation soon.
Like, she's the corporate lawyer.
She's going to sue the company that she's working for.
Give me up, Ray.
You have to get a license first.
Give me a break.
Nice job on it.
How it's turned thing to, by the way, Joyce, there was excellent, excellent choice on your part.
Excellent choice by Joyce.
I'm ready to lose my voice.
908 on the pool.
I'm only going to read the ones with, uh, incontention.
Favorite theme song from a 60s TV sitcom.
Poll seems to be going over pretty big, bigger than Mary Tallah Moore.
Now, she's not the first of all she was in the 60s.
Was that the, I guess it was a sitcom, bad one.
That's back when we did the 70s one a few weeks ago.
Remember that?
Right.
I'm sure you do.
But it wasn't like this.
Oh, yeah.
Or speaking of me, which, that's all over the place.
Well, I just got through planning.
Anyway, monkeys 131, the Adams family 108.
It's kind of great.
Beverly Hill believes 102.
Green Acres 92.
Gilligan's Island 80th Shoei.
Did I just got through playing Gilligan's Island?
I played like about four seconds of it.
What was I doing?
I was just like, did you know what I was doing?
Now, what was his name?
He always, I always think of him as Jim neighbors, but I know he was.
Bob Denver, he was very annoying to me.
I don't know what it was.
He just was extremely annoying.
You don't think he was annoying?
No.
You like that Joe Gilligan's Island?
No.
Oh, well, thank God for that.
Thank God for his small favors, okay?
That's what I say in the shower every day.
Oh, sorry, Joe.
It's a secret.
Thank God for his small favor.
You, Roger.
You, Roger.
And actually, party favor, Joe.
Who's with you?
A facetome.
That's it.
Saturday morning, join four Winkle J-Moses and his bully buddies, Sadam Hussein.
Uh-oh.
For the backup, this adventure's of Iraqi and Boulinko.
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, TV
