Happy President's Day by the way.
What a holiday.
A lot of President's Day sales.
How about Martin Van Buren and William Henry Harrison?
What about him?
Tippy canoe and Tyler too.
So we what would I have chocolate?
Anybody here?
Seen Jack Ed from home.
These are in-gen suit and for Dau Rang.
These brutal lot of people with these sometimes get down.
But God is variety in your car.
Anybody here?
Seen good question, Dau Rang.
The big oral rounder town.
He's not just a sick kid yet, but true before he's gone.
Taking a shower with his son.
Oi!
Averson's eyes is what the White House is looking for.
Or it is Christian to know what's best for you and me.
A dream of all life.
He was in a sudden default in other words.
Do we have anybody here?
Please say time to leave me.
For the shelf and parts of hoys.
These kind of slides been done and can't pay why.
Averum of Dau Rang.
10.02560.
Happy President's Day.
Who's your favorite president?
How about Zachary Taylor or James Sinai's poke or Millard Fillmore?
Or Chester Arthur or Be Arthur?
What do you say?
Chester Riley?
All these, you know, all you people get a little bit nervous because there's a little bit of chill in the air and South Florida.
And it's 30s and low 40s and stuff like that.
It's minus 12 here.
It's around all of the sun and shine.
It's like plus 10 Fahrenheit, 10 degrees.
And you get used to it, you know?
You're right, Vatela.
Whether it's one of those things you get used to, you dress for it.
And unless it's like a blizzard and the wind is blowing as if you're in miles an hour and you can't, you know.
Like that.
Unless it's like that.
You make allowance for it.
Now I had an exciting day yesterday.
It would buy and actually had a winning day.
All right.
Oh, 500 bucks.
I mean, not enough to put a dent into my, you know.
I've had a rough bug go since I came back early for my vacation in Woodbuy.
I haven't found a good machine.
Maybe I'll try a Reppin Moon.
I'm going to pray to him next time, see if all Reppin' Cockamoon can do it for me.
So I don't know what we're doing here today because the morning guys are not.
And the Humper is not on.
Just me and the Mad Dog and Eddie K.
In fact, what a bizarre lineup today.
We had Gildy this morning speaking of bizarre.
Saw him last night.
It was, it was not last night.
It's Saturday night.
Panthers and lightning.
That was quite a game.
Anybody out there watching it?
No.
Go to it?
No.
No.
Panthers won over time five four and of course their goal tend to get an embarrassing of this grace.
But are we going to talk about hockey?
No.
A lot of hockey talk I was listening this morning which I figured how to get us about or what?
About a minus point one?
We got Mad Dog at two.
Thank the Lord for that.
Oh, right.
And then we got the power hour only with the Mad Dog four to five.
So in other words, he's doing two to five solo is what that means.
Forget about the power hour today.
Then Eddie came for the Humper between five and seven.
So the Humper's taken off for a president's day.
I bet you had to wish president he liked.
William Howard Taft.
Why?
Because he was big and fat.
Oh.
Well Teddy Roosevelt was too.
Not that big.
Who Teddy Roosevelt wasn't?
Not that fat.
I mean he was but he wasn't like this big.
William Howard Taft was all big.
You fat guy.
Huge.
And then he get assassinated with him Howard Taft through to my dream.
And then he got assassinated.
James Garfield, who got assassinated.
He'd be Lincoln.
And JFK.
It's part of the American history anyway.
Eddie K. for rather Humper five to seven.
Horocane hotline seven o'clock.
That's pretty embarrassing.
And then Jesse Agriminded Ten.
That's our holiday line of furia.
How many students?
High school students, college students.
Good name the prisons.
Oh, please.
Now I used to be able to but then I forgot.
None.
Zero, the answer is zero.
None.
None?
I used to be a George Washington to a W. Right. I used to be able to know you can I never really thought about that before went from George
Washington George W. George W. Now George Washington look what we got
Mm-hmm
And a champion of liberty
Speak of the devil and he is the devil speak of that more good news from Iraq
String of bombing skills 17 in Baghdad including two more American soldiers a
String of bombings killed at least 17 people today in the Baghdad area a day after massive car bomb attack on a Shi'ai area
Market delivered the first major blow to the U.S. Let's Security crack down. It's working just fine not
Attacks in other parts of Iraq pushed the overall that toll near
30 man 30
U.S. Forces also reportedly came under attack they clashed with insurgents north of Baghdad after a suicide bomber apparently tried to break through barriers around a joint U.S.
Iraqi base
And of course John is that I mean what's the point nobody cares
Nobody cares. That's the thing that amazes me about America talk about apathetic. It's just amazing
They could be killed like a thousand people a day over there and it's like oh gee
I don't know if that's gonna work out so well and if that was such a good idea
Although, you know, we better get the terrorists over there before they get us over here all that other all these stupid-ass cliches
Yeah, what what does that have to do with Brittany shaving her head?
You know is life was standing in a closed rotting body and the week before that it was about the the dizzy crazed female astronaut who was stalking
or trying to kill you or her rival and
This week it's Brittany
Mm-hmm. We did good. Yeah, miss shape and head by the way
Tainted good. Yeah, maybe she's related to that purple guy the oh the
What is he Chris Christ told me last week what he is he's the medical exam. Thank you very much. Jesus Christ
He's not listening to you George. I know he had a little bit of you enough this morning before the show apparently
George said you had a week of a Friday George was out sick on a Friday
So this morning gave me his lecture about life and how I should behave in my attitude and and I thank you very much
Your real mentor that that's all that I would have it is some people are tormentors. That's what I would have to do
Just a mentor. Yeah, we have plenty of tormentors. You should see it though when he gets into his you know, I'm gonna
console you and tell you the way things are he puts on it like mr. Rogers and blue sweater and everything does he be a big dad?
So me about what it's a cardigan? I mean any kind of whatever. He's great things are wonderful
Anyway, a salon owner tried to talk Brittany out of shaving her head
But the singer insisted actually used a buzzer to do the job itself. I myself itself
I still got just a little from the cold
Yeah, and of course how many thousand times have we seen that over the weekend?
Thousand salon owner Esther Tagnazi said spheres appeared at her shop late last week
This is in jealous California. You know, I know California fairly well, but I never heard of that
GE LES and I say that right even jealous
Are you jealous
Solano or Esther Tagnazi said spheres appeared at her shop late last week and I actually wanted all of her hair cut off
Tagnazi said she refused to do it and tried to reason with a singer are you sure you're not having a bad day Tagnazi
We call asking spheres and tomorrow you'll feel differently about it
Why don't we wait a little bit she said at that point?
Tagnazi said the singer grabs some electric clippers went to the back of the shop again cutting her hair off
Yeah, just like that
I said it once again talk about painting good she it's taint. What do you choose to be nope?
But all Tagnazi did was even it out the salon owner said later
Spheres was at a San Fernando Valley tattoo parlor sporting her newly bald head
Video on K a bc tv show the newly shortened spheres with tiny tattoos on the back of her neck as she sat right in that for a new tattoo a pair of red and pink lips
Which of course how could I resist yeah, huh if I can find it
I've got two sets of welcome
Congratulations. She just wanted something real small on her wrist something dandy max got the tattoo artist at body and soul and
Trumanox told the TV station she got some cute little lips on her wrist
No comment about that
Derek Snell who works at the tattoo parlour said spheres showed up without notice and stayed for about 90 minutes is about 60 fans
Photographers and gockers gathered outside all the gockers all the time. She seemed fine
Snell said I didn't really notice the hairdo at first. She had a hood on when she showed up
Maybe she's hanging out in the wrong hood. You think that's possible
I think she's been hanging the wrong hood for a long time
Although quite frankly, I think you know some of the trailer tracks looks pretty good
So the fact that she used to look so great. She just did a verified trailer trash. I'm thinking am I right? Oh, yeah
No, of course that Kevin feeder line. Oh, oh my god. That's it anywhere she was coming from birds of a feather
Procreate together. Here's our poll question from Friday and boy this brings me such great sorrow and
Josh was Josh Curtis was giving me so much for doing this again. I was thinking Chris
Yeah, you know those young kids that what are they talking about?
Yeah, what do they know?
Well, no, I'm Georgian. I decided we were gonna do this Friday last week in the hood. How was all he did a fine job?
I will say that I
Know why we were doing it was to see how many people have learned
From life and not very many talk about a bunch of slow learners talk about I said on Friday
I said bathing with soap is like watching black and white television
You think that's a good analogy sure
I'll be talk about outdated although you get more hair on you bathing with soap and
Groucho used to be on there he kind of a hairy guy and then the duck you bet your life which which you bathed with
1737 votes. I'm a male and I bathed with soap. Well, we're so sorry 867. Don't drop it now
49.9% we finally got a little bit under 50 in the net point. I chopped the thing off you know
I chopped it in the pool too. I'm a male. I use body wash 577 33 per third
Only a third of our guys out there using body wash that is so I'm in Verastroy. I don't know what to do
I'm gonna pray. I saw them pay the 116. Yeah, we ought to start praying on that don't get downwind from any of these people
Oh, there there was a woman yesterday. I hate to say this
Woman playing thankfully
Briefly next to me the machine yesterday would buy she farted so bad that I thought I was gonna swoon
I thought I have never in my life my eyes were watering
Yeah, and at the time I was reaching for my soda which was to the right of my machine
I know was sitting next to it my diet coke
And so I leaned over a little bit to the right I reached out and just at that point well, you know what I'm saying
What are you doing? Oh good gallium is Molly talk about a bad machine mine. I seldom paid 116
Female uses body wash 71 see the ladies are into it
I hate this 457 only 3.2% and female using soap only 49
Well, it's a lady thing they have body wash guys real guys don't getters acts and there's a deities and there's every masculine
Brand off their out of the sun so much old man that even Chuck Heston in his really macho three days a hundred years ago
Would have been embarrassed he would have blocked
But not this crowd man we want that soap we want to hang under when a squeezy one the squirt against the wall bend over and pick it up
Maybe drop it again
And again
It's not to be dropped in a sports radio
And
Yeah
see
So if I had normal boobs would just still run out and find my CD
No
So you get along when I speak out of songs
It's like how much I sing, I'll keep keep keep
I'ma get by within plants in my breath
I get guys within plants in my breath
I might have to try within plants in my breath
In your dish I'm full anybody
I've only had to pull my panties down
Are they pleased with your body?
Yeah, not to mention where I put my mouth
Can I music see by just spreading your life?
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or a guy
How long will you be swinging just 17?
Now at least until I'm out of rehab at 35
I get by within plants in my breath
I get guys within plants in this in my breath
I don't have to try within plants in my breath
Have you pleased with that stage for me?
See, she lived through me by carries
By carries
I don't need all the money
Well in this business that's the most important thing
I'ma get by within plants in my breath
I'ma get by within plants in my breath
I'ma get by within plants in my breath
One more
Yes
Alright, 10, 19, that's your good close friend and Maria there
Yes, we're just talking about her on Thursday
And then of course she will
Sixth and next day, I wonder what that was all about
Puking
Here's the poll from today and we have 1,000 and three votes
Our goal is 1,000, we got 1,000, three
Why we have 1,000, three?
Because I put it on their late Saturday afternoon
Because I don't know, maybe Josh Koryas laid a little guilt trip on me
That thing about the body washed again
I mean we've been there and done that
Right?
Oh yeah, I don't see anything wrong with it
But he's, you know, he does love me though, Josh
And he told me that several times and he also told me he wanted me to be in my will
And I asked Chris, I said, what would be, you know, the appropriate stipend to leave Josh in my words
And maybe I have 50 bucks and I thought, well, about 10 bucks
Yeah, that would be appropriate
1,000, eight votes on the poll
And this, of course, we've had too many gay polls lately
And in school we used to dance around and not dance
But we, I guess we did that, what do you really call it?
You go around the May poll?
What is the May poll?
Are you serious?
Yes
Well, it's a big poll and everybody grabs a ribbon or a rope
And you march around it
You skip around it, you're the principal
You're the principal, you're the principal, you're the principal
I think that's why I started being gay
When I was a prancing runner, they made poll
And turned into the gay poll
And you enter weave through each other
And of course, and I'm stood on the airport is skip poll
So there you go
And you weave a pattern on the poll with the ribbon
I'm going to get on a plane right now and go to Amsterdam
Just for the hell of it, to that damn square, you know
Gay people are, let's see, a thousand eight votes
Are born that way, 484
Are fine with me, 245
Well, thank you so much for your acceptance
Of course, I made the choices on the poll
So why should I be busting their balls?
That's bad
Right, just like you made a choice to be gay
No, of course
I woke up one day and I thought
But wouldn't that be great?
And then everybody could call me names and pay me a favor
And I was like, I'm a little bit of a hanzie and fairie
And we're here, and sissy and stuff like that
But anyway, gay people are fine with me, 245
Choose that life, 75
Right, I don't want to waste my time going back overall less to put it the author
Well, I better get to that, where's the story?
About the car wash, do you see that about Tim Hardaway's car wash?
No, what happened? Change the name
Huh
Well, Tom Brady's former girlfriend is pregnant
I wonder how that happened
I guess probably the traditional way
What did they change the name of the car wash to?
I hate bags and wash?
Yes
Don't tell me I lost that, that would be really bad if I lost that story of my pile here
That would be extraordinarily bad
And then I have to start, here it is
Tim Hardaway's car wash changes name after I hate scandal
And then this business I heard the guilty talking about this morning
Well, he said that he doesn't use the word hate like other people use it
Now, with he used it a lot
He lightly hates
Yeah, he just, he hates everybody, and of course he's in South Florida, so it figures
Former Miami Heat star Tim Hardaway's name is off his South Dixie highway car wash
Just days after he declared on a local radio program, I hate gay people
Hardaway apologized, but the backlash has cost him an actual endorsement deal
And an appearance at the NBA All-Star Game weekend activities, which nobody watched yesterday anyway
A local gay rights group then called for a boycott of Hardaway's US one finest hand car wash at South Dixie highway in Bird Road
Saturday a new sign went up
Grand Lux Auto Bave
Now, maybe it's supposed to say Grand Lux Auto bath, but it's spelled B-A-T-H-E
So I'm pronouncing it as it is written, Grand Lux Auto Bave
Okay, in car wash detailing center
So everybody should know that the Grand Lux Auto Bave is still Tim Hardaway's joint
Because the old sign that showed here in the Herald, the old sign said Tim Hardaway presents
Find this hand car wash US one with a big one in front of you know
And now it's Grand Lux Auto Bave, so that's still Tim Hardaway for all you people out there that are too pleased with his behavior lately and his attitude
And he hates this, he hates a lot I guess, this is his deal, he just used it like, wow you know
I guess he was supposed to forget all the elaborations that he made about how he wouldn't want to shower with them, he wouldn't want them on the team
And he wanted to be traded or he'd want to be traded and he isn't into that crap that he can't stand it and y'all fah and act and yuck and like that
We're supposed to forget that
And quite frankly, do I really give a crap what he thinks?
No, he's small potatoes, he's like Frankie Pentangely maybe
Only Frankie was at least entertaining, you know
Frankie Pentangely was very entertaining
So I said yeah sure
He was good, I love him
Gave people choose that life 75, you should look so long
That's 7.3% of this audience just living in total ignorance
Uh, locked him hard away, Gave people locked him hard away 58, we love you Tim
Love you, just like we love Josh Cordis
Uh, Gave people want me 39
And the people who vote for that, you ought to see the man
Wouldn't touch him with your hand or tongue
Gave people hate this, I hate this 437 only 3.6%
Thank God, Gave people are all flamers 22
BAMING!
Right, like me
Like, uh, Dave Copei
Gave people wish they were straight 19
No, I don't know, you know something?
In my life
I have never met one gay person who wished that they were heterosexual
I never met one
Oh, if you just come to the Christian Church of, uh, of, uh, Bullcrap
You know, they had a call about that last week in the morning show, one of the calls
And of course they don't, they don't refute any of this, they don't debate it, they don't do it
They just, they just let them spew their garter
Never challenge it, but that's easy
Why would they?
That would make them good
Because they, they would make them, uh, gay people wish they were straight 19
Are easy to spot 17
Sometimes
What are you laughing about?
It's the pink triangle on their, uh, on their shirt
I got news for it, most gay guys I know are not into that pink triangle, but nevertheless
Gave people are easy to spot 17 and scare me 14
SCARER ME
Woohoo!
Be a friend
Be a friend
In fact, every time I see a gay person like on the youngest reader, church reader, I'm like,
Oh, you know, why they're afraid like that guy that called in on Thursday?
Yeah
You know, the more you're around gay people, the more, you know, you're gonna become one
Oh yeah
Because you're choice
So if you hang out with them, then you're gonna be like, yeah, you're gonna choose to be like them
And just talking to one is gonna make you gay
I would think so
And listening to one boy, that's gonna come from the, I would, I bet you by 10.25, all of you people out there will be, um, gay
No question
Even the most macho guys
That's right
I'm gonna be born in Christ
I beg your pardon, I said, I hope Chris washed this morning because, you know, we're gonna be gated up by two o'clock
Ah, I was washed
Chris had a little, I don't wanna go into it
Yeah
A little episode
Nature, I don't know
What a little
Like I said, I was waiting for the, the, the, the, the lines, the line up
Kind of a stall routine in a queue
He likes the handicrafts because he needs those rails
Do we have to really go deeply into this?
He needs to study himself
27 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM for 21 years
Ah
Look at that
Black and blue that one
That my junior, honey
Warning, the following may not be suitable for children
Celebrity, go and world
It's the Hymn videos series that shows real celebrities getting in the real trouble
Celebrity's gone wild
Your whole time favorite stars are hitting all time lows
See honey with mad and Tom's eyes more get busy on honey with mad and hidey flies
It's a hit, celebrities gone wild
Also features clips from LA Lake or Superstar, Kobe Bryant
How you doing, buddy?
About a little road, but, I'm glad
Celebrity's gone wild is jam pack with famous people who are famous for their infamous behavior
There's the Amarose, Nick Nulty, Bobby Brown, Michael Jackson, Robert Downey Jr. and the list goes on
Plus Robert Blake gets stretched in ice cold water for us
Super sleazy, wet prison jumps in Gajas
Where it takes time to learn
Order celebrities gone wild in the next 10 minutes and willing to this free Arnold Schwarzenegger video called Celebrity's Gone Crazy
I want to be covered of California
Celebrity's gone wild and celebrity's gone crazy order now before all these stars are in jail
We have all of the governors' mansion
You think honor like cauliflower?
Wouldn't surprise me, I know you know
You better get with your veggies, Berture
You better get right with the Lord or you're gonna wind up in burning in hell
I can smell it already
Who we?
Oh man
1032 and 560, WNQM Happy Presidents Day
What about Andy Jackson, huh?
What about him?
Engine killer
What about John Quincy and...
Engine killer
You know, I could do this and I probably, there are a couple that always get wrong
But what do they...
I was in high school when I was a senior in high school
My, his name was Kaminsky, he was a young guy, young teacher, and actually not a bad looking guy
But anyway, he was my history teacher
And he took like a whole week to teach the class the American presidents
And of course that's how I had pungent my hand
I thought to myself, why are you wasting all of this time? How useful?
Yeah
Well then, how much of what you learned in school was useful anyway?
Most of what you learned in school is a bunch of crap
Maybe you can even teach you how to write a check in school
He's not what I went to school
They did me
Yeah, well, there's a lot of good news for you
I don't know how to write them, I just don't know how to make them
I just don't know, can't cover them, is that what you're trying to tell me?
That's it
Now I can do it off the top of my head, you think I should try to challenge you not?
I don't want to show off
Why not?
Well, not right this time
I'm not going to Google it, I'm not going to cheat, I mean I wouldn't do something stupid like that
Here's the facts from Joe before I get to our presidents
It is President's Day for Christ's Sakes
Most of you people wouldn't know Grover Cleveland Alexander from Grover Cleveland
Grover Cleveland Alexander was a pitcher
I don't Grover from Sesame Street
Do you?
Damn, you beat me to it
Oh guess what I saw a little bit of again last night and again it sucked American dad
Sorry, I missed it because our table was out
It was very weak
It still is, very weak
It was a takeoff of the Tom Hanks New Real just out to big book
Oh, I can't remember right now
And they take a joke that's not that funny in the first place like dad falling down all through all those stairs or whatever was
And it just goes on and on
It might have been funny the first time like a like that but I just I didn't like it
Let me know in a good episode it's going to be on and let me know when real people Denver is going to be on
God Almighty I am just dying to see that
Yeah, season's over
What?
Just messing with you
Weren't you about this guy?
Here's the facts from Joe he says good morning Neil I was listening to you last Friday we
Described the scene at Amsterdam that brought back some great memories
During August of 2004 my wife and I visited Amsterdam
We stayed in Amsterdam for two weeks but took side trips all over Holland and did a day and a half experience in the Cologne Germany
Wow good boy good choice what a beautiful place that is with beautiful people Cologne Germany
Mamma mia
Mmm
Mmm
And once on a morning while at Amsterdam we visited the new sea museum and still cream the Miratai Museum
I don't even know what that is I'm ill with me I'm not a museum person
Is that make me a bad guy I'm just not into that a lot of things make you a bad guy and that's one of them
Oh
Thanks thanks for your enthusiastic recommend date I mean it depends on the museum
Yeah well the Cameroid time museum the new maritime
Neil you probably know the museum is fairly close to the St. Nicholas Church and both the Church and Museum are close to the Red Light District
On our way to the museum we took the number five tram from South R.A.I. Station and got off at Damrak
A timid to walk from the Damrak took us to the museum is Dorstow
As we walked to the museum we walked by a few sex shops we walked by a few ladies sitting by their windows waiting for the next customer
And we walked by lots and lots of people coming from we're going to St. Nicholas Church
We saw older folks young couples with small children middle-aged couples with teenagers all kinds of people walking or riding their bicycles around this area as we approached our destination
Neil we didn't hear one word from anyone about the surroundings no one was laughing or giggling about the novel he's hanging on the sex shop windows
No one even pointed at one of the girls everyone was going on with his own life and leaving everyone else alone was a beautiful thing
I've seen a few beautiful things in Amsterdam I'll say that
We loved our visit to the museum and headed back to the Damrak for lunch that afternoon it was another wonderful day in Amsterdam
And your comment slides Friday made me remember it all thanks Neil
PSD you know CD of Cruises Husband died about a month ago oh my god we start out with good news and then we get like
Oh CD of husband is dead morto where to I'm sorry
Anyway, thank you Joe and that's something and I was talking about the other day the fact that it's no big deal ain't no thing
You know and about American attitudes being so pure tanical and so on the stone age and Americans think that there's so much
Hipper and cooler and sexier than anybody else you're full of crap I mean look at a poll
7.2% of the audience thinks that gay people choose that life in other words 7.2% of the audience are
more about some idiots more on's fools or maybe they just say that he did a piss me off because there are bunch of bigoted idiots narrow-minded dumb
Anyway speaking of American pure puretinism love of Texas did you see this thread about the chip and nails?
No really really police arrested 8 chip and nails dances and three others during the first of three sold out performances Friday
accusing them of violating the city's adult entertainment ordinance officers rated Jake sports cafe about 30 minutes
3 to man after the show started an event was closed they arrested the venue as manager the shows promoter and the dancers manager along with the dancers in front of a disgruntled crowd of women
Shortly after several hundred women began shouting bring them back bring them back and the city council sucks the city council sucks
Authority say the dances violated the city ordinance which bars contact between entertainers and patrons
Lieutenant Greg Stevens of the lover police said the dancers were simulating sexual positions with audience members
Oh simulating sexual positions
Oh my god
So I guess if you bend down to pick up the soap you guys that are dropping the soap all the time you're simulating a sexual position
And they're gonna come and get your ass so to speak Jake sports bar owners Scott Stevens and said his establishment and everything and this is chopped off
I hate that
Comparatively it's a classy production said rejection the dancers do not take off all their clothes
I mean they don't get naked they're not showing you're a privates you know what the chip and nails are all about
Yeah since they both the police were there to shut them down police said they say they intend to get in the rest ward for Stevenson
How his ass away that's America for you baby
Let's haul everybody's ass away in fact
That's what America loves to do more than anything else is for everybody's action jail
Mm-hmm. Just think there's any other westernized country that has the percentage of its people its male population jail that America does I sure doubt it we know they don't
But nevertheless
1661 votes on the pool about gay people because Tim Hardaway says he hates gay people and you know somebody sent me on my space thing about
The article I read about the Hardaway beat on with Pat Robertson and they were inquiring where I found that somebody faxed it in and I don't know whether it was real or not
Because I tried to Google it to to get like more information or verification on it and it could have been a bogus thing somebody made up
I don't know look at look pretty legit to me
I mean you your regular viewer of the 700 Club let me know what he's gonna be on maybe it maybe that'll be on right after real world Denver
It'll be a tough choice for me if they're all opposite each other you know
The 700 Club with the Pat Robertson and Tim Hardaway or real world with all those people on it
Gay people are born that way 505 are fine with me 264 that's 72% right there right off the bat
Choose that life 76 7.1% of the most ignorant people on the face of the globe stupid talking about crap that they know nothing about
Gay people loved him Hardaway 59 they're after you're asked him
Gay people want me 41 and let me say it again there are a lot of people out there who are wanted desperately by gay people
But I'm sure that's the 41 people of those 41 maybe a couple of might be one by anybody and the others probably not wanted by anything alive
I hate this pull 37 only 3.4% gay people are all flavors 26 they're all like Richie Simmons baby
Gay people worse they were straight 20 are easy to spot 18 and scare me 15
Like Luke Caprati man just like me I'm a very scary guy
The biggest name so best talent status is real rocket force radio 560
UAM
Two more than boys he's loved before you're fair
From a just 12 to one
He wants to change his life
I'll baby and no wife God knows what his kid has in store
Two other boys from never land
Your finally safe from his love
10
There's no more fair as we do playing let's make a deal
And when he sees he sits not stand
1046 here's the facts I've been waiting for I don't know who this is from it's obviously a lady no question about that you can tell by the
Printing can't you yes I can she says love you need to let the end of the facts here's the information I've been dying for the real world Denver is on a 10
PM Wednesday nights I do know that last week's premiere episode is repeated 9 30 PM this Wednesday you don't want to miss that
episode it was all about Davis and his boyfriend who comes to visit him in Denver very hot
Oh man I don't know if we're going to be able to handle that but I'll give it my best shot thanks whoever this is from
Thank you so much
And the next and I'm you know I might actually take some calls today but I'm not really sure you know remember last week the one guy saying hey thanks for taking calls again
I'll take them when I'm in the mood to take him when I feel like it right now when I be feeling like it and when something come in
Oh well it's it's a holiday you got to know we got to be doing a skull today you think we got our full audience out there today no traffic this morning
And my commissaration to anybody who's got to work today all of this is I don't know you know that was that I thought somebody was coming to the apartment here maybe it was
Al Goldstein yeah use the apartment out use the apartment it's not a real holiday Franklin Pierce James Buchanan Abe Lincoln Lincoln Andy Johnson
Ulysses S Grant Rutherford B Hayes Chester Alan Arthur et cetera all of these how about the only president was elected twice non consecutive terms oh what's his name Grover Cleveland I was just going to say that
Yeah and then who is the president who intervened who in between intervened and whatever I don't know I got the wrong there you go I wonder now I'm sure that they must have been Kim William Henry Harrison was the president
Who is inaugurated out in the rain and we made his inaugural address in the rain and he died like a few days he wasn't president too long he wasn't too bright
And next year from his forthcoming book a salon calmness warns that the changes in political power said a motion by president George W Bush have brought the United States closer to a future in which authoritarianism is possible authoritarianism what do I say oh my god as Joe
Comison warns Americans for the first time since Nixon have reasoned out the future of democracy and the rule of law in their own country
Isn't that special what's that guy to do with Britney's haircut
The excerpt comes from Conison's new book it can happen here authoritarian parallel the age of Bush he states out front that the idea of an American slide into authoritarianism is not based in any paranoia
But because because the current president has repeatedly arrested excuse me has repeatedly asserted and exercised authority they does not possess under the constitution he swore to uphold
Conison says there is growing public anxiety and anger about the Bush administration's use and abuse of power to events that particularly have raised public concern were the misbegotten
Horrifically mismanaged war in Iraq to the heartless misunderstanding of the hurricane Katrina disaster
He knows that we do not know the full dimensions of the scandals behind Iraq and Katrina because the Republican leaders of the Senate and the House of Representatives advocated the traditional congressional duties of oversight and investigation
The run of other minutes to take on the president on these issues was due to an acquiescence with authoritarianism he writes he says the style of the Bush regime is seen in its almost casual contempt for democratic and lawful norms and expanding appetite for executive control at the expressive constitutional balances a reckless impulse to corrupt national institutions with partisan ideology and an ugly tendency to smear dissent as this loyalty it's the old smear and smear
Conison doesn't believe that the 2006 turn over the Congress democratic control will be enough to push back against Bush as authoritarian turn
He puts to the Senate's narrow democratic majority as a major obstacle to checking the White House like that great vote on Saturday when that's something special huh?
The question he asks is in the era of terror alerts religious fundamentalism and endless warfare whether we are still the brave nation or whether our courage and our luck have finally run out or is that run out?
Man I want to get you all depressed I want to hold it because it is president's day yeah there was Ike there was Truman there was FDR there was Hebert Heaver there was Calvin Coolidge war and G Harding woodrow Wilson Sandist and just fumbling these right on my mind and groups in clumps you know like hemorrhids and big clumps why is it important to know that of course see the American public the education system is so bad they don't teach you
anything about the world and you know the best way you learn about the rest of the world what's that is to travel to go somewhere now that's one of the reasons that most Americans don't know damn thing about anything outside in fact most people don't
think about what's going on outside of there like you know their own hood very sad I was speaking of your buddy Tim Hardaway in our poll today the mayor of North Miami offered former heat star Tim Hardaway in
to take to spend some time with a gay couple that just might be going on right now in the world may be coming to an end did you see this nope as the firestorm continued over
Tim Hardaway's anti gay remarks on radio the mayor of North Miami who is gay gay invited the ex-heat started spending day with him to spend a gay day with him
and it's gay days at the mayor's house I guess every day is gay day at his house and what's wrong with that on Friday Hardaway accepted the mayor said
we're just trying to show him that there are living and breathing people that just happen to be gay said North Miami Mayor Kevin Burns lives with his partner 23 years and adopted daughter
who is a real cutie pie by the way here they are with the little girl he's still working out details of the visit with Hardaway's representative
who is expected to make a joint announcement today or I thought they were having their meeting today they're going to make a joint announcement today and Georgia will be there smoking it
you're always there for a joint announcement aren't you I'll drive the plan is for Hardaway to join Burns and his family for a routine weekday at the mayor's office in home doing things like dropping off Burns childhood school
meeting with constituents and dinner with family Hardaway's been hit hard since the broadcast on local AM radio station the ticket in which he said I don't like to be around gay people
and should be in the US or the world or else I'm going to go how about Uranus if we can't go to the US or the world I get don't leave too much how about I don't know where's that leave how about hell I guess maybe that's what he's talking about
although we apologize with an hour and that's we know about the NBA but it would on Friday Hardaway spent the day with his family
pleading for privacy as TV cameras continue to a vigil outside the gates of his Pinecrest home Terry Washington spoke to woman for Hardaway said the former five time all star had not yet spoken to mayor Burns
and that the announcement any announcement will be premature a premature evaluation Hardaway played for the heat from 95 through 2001 on several occasions he expressed interest in return to the heat roster but each time was turned down
Burns is some experience building bridges outside the gay community since he won the mayor seat decisively in 2005 despite some hostility in the city without much of a gay constituency
he has been open but low key in public about his relationship with Rob Flint his partner 23 years and the adopted daughter Autumn
during the mayoral campaign Burns said he understood the discrimination faced by Haitian Americans and African Americans who predominate in the city
I don't expect Hardaway to be waving a peace bag a flag any time soon even after this Burns said Friday but maybe he'll be less likely to say something bad about people if he knows them and understands a little bit more
I think what he's trying to say is that he's ignorant he's speaking for millions because he doesn't know these people he doesn't have any idea what he's talking about
which of course a lot of you folks do and a lot of folks everywhere do that you know when you dumb you just open up a big mouth and I think they're all about it and I think they chose this and all of a sudden yeah
yeah choose this okay just like those license plates choose life speaking of your gay governor gay once he coming out
189 votes on the poll the reason we got so many votes is because we had like I don't know what we had 900 and someone we started this morning
because I put this on there over the weekend only because I was so easily intimidated by Josh Cordis about the body wash pool
I don't think there was anything wrong with that but wasn't going to change I remember once upon a time I could come on here with the bagel bites and the Boka burgers
remember those glorious days oh yeah fish food remember the impact of what's his name back in the day oh and speak of that I know I had something
mighty important but being old and feeble of course it slips my mind you realize what next Thursday is not this Thursday next Thursday
March 1 right your anniversary 31 years is that incredible or what I mean you're not you know easily impressed by anything no it's incredible 31 years man
yeah
oh I was thinking about this yesterday here we here it is the year 2007 and words that we have to believe out and bits that we used to play and things that we used to be able to say I mean you're losing it baby every single day you're losing your freedom
is even though they seem very you know immaterial not all that relevant it's all part of the overall plan oh but it's American land of the free you have the land of the used to be free to some extent to police state
just sum it up you know succinctly it's a police state succinctly 1093 and a full will have a hundred by the top of the R for whatever it's worth I don't want to like over exert myself on a holiday today
because we probably shouldn't have been here anyway almost nobody else is just a mad dog in a regular spot today should run one of those tapes yeah we should have run some of those tapes that Joe Bell likes like alien in the purple to been good
hmm let's let's work on that start looking for that stuff Chris although we do have the little Richard spot the guy co-spot you got that oh somewhere
as soon as I find it there last but I just brave it and come there's no that's all we have no more kind of chops off of the end there
like like they chump his cranberry so he's stepped on it so yeah someone kind of walk on his last little thing you know it's just just coming up on the end of the first hour today you're already over too what was it he said before
that was so grotesque and unacceptable on a very visceral level I don't know but I remember he did something whatever that means 1057 a QA and
you you it's level three at five sixty w.d. Q. I'm happy a Monday president stable is one of those really bogus holidays back in the day argue with her snappers out there back in the day
fibrous the twelfth used to be I believe Lincoln's birthday and February 22nd used to be washed in the birthday and they used to be like two separate holidays even I remember that wow heavy duty
but I don't recall whether we used to like whether they were like official holidays legal or what the deal was I mean I doubted they were like half ass holidays half ass sometimes
like when you teachers work day that do it on you know what they didn't take it seriously oh and then they consolidate them also we can have like a lot of shopping going on president's a sale
yeah I mean whoever heard of a Lincoln's day birth Lincoln's birthday sale or walk in the birthday I guess you already have that article about hard away spending the day with the gay mayor or did you just hear about it
I mean what I just read yeah that one oh no I don't have that all right better better fax it to me wasting facts paper I'll be as you did
if I can I got a really good I in the words as I was reading it they were faxing that right that's it that's how Florida for you
you heard it reverberates and echoes all the way cross Lake Ontario like on a skip and 7.4% now say gay people choose that life the numbers going up instead of going down
from a lot of people out there I guess going up instead of going down speaking of going down Tom Brady's former girlfriend pregnant
and let me ask the musical question again how the hell did that happen and you're thinking the traditional way right I met
well how come I wasn't there to like to help get a bird's eye view with the turkey bassers yeah virgin Moynihan who's three year relationship
with Tom Brady ended late last year is pregnant and says the New England Patriots quarterback is the father oh my god wow
the New York Post was first reported the pregnancy yesterday quoted Moynihan's public says saying the 36 year old actress is more than three months
pregling and feeling healthy and excited the publicist Christina Papa Dopolis later to the US weekly magazine had Moynihan's former boyfriend Tom Brady is the father
let's have a paternity test privacy and consideration is appreciated this time no further comments will be made is what they said
Brady 29 who's been dating supermodel Jacelle Buncens shortly after he and Moynihan not to break up in the December could not be reached for comma yesterday
it is a did Don Yee did not return a phone call Don Yee it would be the first child for both Moynihan and the two time Super Bowl MVP
and three time Super Bowl winner I should point that out Patriots spokesman Stacey Jane said yesterday he hadn't spoken to Brady
and the team doesn't typically comment on private matters on his privates oh why the hell not
the only way I do that is if someone asked me to speak on their behalf and that hasn't happened in this case James said Stacey James
a former model best known for her role opposite Will Smith in the science fiction show I robot Moynihan had made no secret of her desires to start a family
I robot should I see that or not no no I'm just I'm just joking I'd rather watch I saw who you did last summer again with Ryan Philippe
as last fall what you would like to be doing in five years the actress who grew up in Longmeat replied
Defeat are you cracking your knuckles again yes definitely marriage and kids he said not necessarily that order obviously
although the breakup with Brady was said to be amicable the rectangular reports that Moynihan had had become depressed and lost weight
oh no last week these stats West Gakphris who stands five nine five feet nine inches tall looked healthy at the New York from ever new film Grey Matters
photographs that they premier with model Marcus Shankenberg Moynihan is getting good notices for the movie in which he plays a lesbian and shares a steamy on screen kiss with her co-star Heather Graham
oh my god Grey Matters I think it's called gay matters see see how these this homosexual agenda started to infiltrate all of America all of our culture now
all this bike business going on all these lesbians yeah we don't mind that I know that the lesbian stuff is okay guys are really all whipped up to a frenzy about that to a fanatical frenzy
but the guys that's another story especially the locker room fat Brady meanwhile hasn't missed a beat it says just before Christmas the star quarter back began
remancing bunch in the twenty sixty world Brazilian beauty whose former boyfriends include actor Leo de caprio and surfer Kelly Slater
who was also he was a boyfriend in what's your name your Pamela Lee remember you know Brady and bunch and have been photographed coming and going from
Victoria Secret model so how apartment building and Brady's reporter of given bunch in a pair of diamond earrings for Valentine's day how do you like that
over the weekend according to people magazine the couple was in Paris hmm the attend to the economy
de spectacle horseshoet Versace Saturday and then died of cafe la de la pay which is apparently bunch and
favorite restaurant in Paris cafe de la pie pa ex the first stuff leaves me a limp I have no idea how to pronounce it
what it means how to say I don't want to I don't want to know we we you say we we that's what I said the quarterback I'm talking about
Tom Brady don't be seeing we we the quarterback who's who are last minute reception against the close the end of the
patriot season was in Boston last week testifying and Charlie Wises now practice suit wise former offensive coordinator for the
patriots and now head coach and order them is suing two doctors from as it suits general hospital contending their
negligence of after his gastric bypass surgery nearly killed them Charlie Wises the coach and order name is obviously taking
showers with Brady Quinn naked the possibility that Tom Brady might become a father came and say surprises him as fans
yesterday oh they didn't know he had it in my guess now champions sports bar and copies square where a crowd was
gathered to watch the NBA all-star game Kristen Gritzinski said she was curious to know when Brady learned that
Moynihan was pregnant I thought he was an upstanding guy said Gritzinski 44 lives in very Massachusetts I'm really
shocked if he didn't know what can he do if but if he did that tarnishes his images the golden boy boy and
why is that why is that tarnishes image Gritzinski's husband counter that Brady would do the right thing for his
former girlfriend if he doesn't accept responsibility that would be even more unbelievable like
Wises he said finishing his beer John Stanton visiting from a softened and Connecticut said Brady's potential
paternity could change people's perception of the all pro oh geez from the things I've read about him
really surprised at Stan after hearing about Moynihan's pregnancy I've always seen Brady as a clean cut young man
now that you know something that just amuses the hell out of me what what does that mean I've always seen him as a clean cut young man
in other words he's not doing a hanky spanky he's not getting laid the guy that looks like that and he's got that kind of money
and he's got everybody pulling and clung after his bones that's right he just goes to church that's all he might have always seen Brady as a clean cut young man
and now it looks like he got this chip knocked off all my guy I can't respect that for a time it appeared that Brady and Moynihan
might settle down together last fall after the actress moved to New York to take the ABC series 60 degrees Brady bought a
plush condo in the city paying 14 and a half million for a seven-room unit on the 70th floor of the time Warner
building but the relationship ended and Brady decided he no longer needed the apartment which features 12 foot savings
and stunning views and central park it's currently on a market for 16 and a half million given that the couple had been
together nearly three years Randy Gomez lives on Cape Cod set the expected Moynihan's pregnancy before now it'll be a beautiful child
Gomez said it has genetics in its favor oh yeah it's got good genes man can you imagine what that kid's going to look like
mm-hmm but what does this have to do with Brady shaving her head that's right that's right power saw go Christ you know something
if she now that she got rid of Kevin feeder law feeder law line and hooked now she can get married to that
purple guy who the medical all right that guy yeah yeah think of the kids they'll have they'll all be
umpkin heads maybe between the two of them they could have like one head at least now she matches
128 votes on the pool of gay people are born that way 538 are fine with me 277 choose that life 84
7.4% really incredibly ignorant people gay people loved him hard away 63
gay people want me 44 I hate this pool 38 3.3% gay people are all flavors 28 screaming missing facts
with a little clone mustaches baby like in San Francisco gay people worst they were straight 21 are easy to spot 18
and scare me 17 I'm a scared my I'm a scared there's a a mighty colon over there on the street corner he's going to
come and get my ass and then maybe later we'll come back and get the rest yeah but that's father or tool man
from it's after 11 at 560 WQM hey all you horse racing and poker fans
a lot of pop little boy now inside addition the death of Anna Nicole Smith it's left some messy and very complicated legal
battles you know what honestly I don't know where to start this paternity issue is getting crazy we now have someone
else stepping up saying I could be the father hail core you and Anna Nicole you know I've been there and done that really
oh absolutely how many times over and over again odd it's too difficult to count them where was your favorite place to have sat in the end
where behind no what geographical location in a winnow bego with her poodle I heard you can get into the upside down atomic wedgie
position not a new position for me you ain't seen nothing yet
oh put that thing away oh the application will be right back
exactly 1117 at 560 WQAM okay let's see a crispy name the first 10 presidents of the US
so you went into a shopping mall like in date land or in well date line's not a good example in like the
Howard Mall or in the well to saw grass would be where's a shopping mall when they may speak English
well there aren't any no but if you ended like your average street corny I somebody what name the first 10 presidents of the
US in order okay Chris that's your right uh Washington yeah Washington Lincoln
what I have no idea who the first 10 presidents are after Washington not on the what order they go on
Lincoln what happened to the other the other 14 in between Lincoln was a teen anyway see I put them on the spot
that was very bad now even for whatever the two gross things were that you said on here earlier today I don't remember what they were but I think you deserve it don't you oh yeah yeah
I said George first 10 presidents Washington Adams Jefferson Madison Monroe what a shatter than bearing wait a minute are you cheating
oh my like I already said I know I know I know the moment order the the teacher looking at top 10 man listen the civics teacher said you can get out of final exams if you can name all the president
so I learned them long enough to recite them to get out of the final exams and then immediately heard that useless information from my mind I'm sure that yeah it is useless
in honor of president state today here's a pop quiz this is this is typical part of the course you know I wish we still they were still doing those surveys with those geography things where they
go like to you of n and they ask kids to find their hometown on the map or to find a state of Florida on the map and like always some gigantic embarrassing percentage can you find a
state of Florida I mean here the state of Florida is hanging down there in the Caribbean like this gigantic penis you know and they can't find it and kids from New York I mean how
difficult could it be to find New York City with Long Island sitting out there huh yeah hard could that be very hard apparently now guess
in honor of president state today here's a pop quiz says the hero how did president Kennedy respond to the Cuban missile crisis don't know neither to the third of the seniors at Yale
according to a recent study blockade you know I word and I see last night I saw a very scary and interesting show about that last night and the fact that his military
advises were telling him to like bomb sure but right we were on the brink because they were to wear the fact that the nukes were they were all fired up and ready to go and if he would have done
that we would have had nuclear war and that would have been the end of all of us that's right and a lot of you punks out there wouldn't be here today that was 1962 the Cuban missile
crosses that was 45 years ago 45 freaking years ago I was looking at Boston at the time and remember there were a lot of people saying oh we're all going to be
dead tomorrow too many American college students like basic knowledge about our nation's leaders according to the study by University of Connecticut the average score among seniors on questions related to the presence was less than 60% according to intercollegiate studies institute a
as in failure as an effing idiot people may know the latest handbag that Paris Hilton was wearing but they don't know the last couple of presidents said Jeff Resnitchek 28th in history major at Burry University in Miami sure was resident check was among 14
juniors and seniors at Burry who answered sample questions from the study last week of the request of a reporter only three missed the Kennedy question on a multiple choice test the rest
correctly responded at 1962 and photos taken from a spy plane proved the Soviets were installing nuclear missiles in Cuba Kennedy organized naval blockade that cut off military supplies and forced Christian in the Soviets to blink they turned the ships around and they went back home
good taking the key to it says okay maybe Florida's part similar to the our nation give students here were like up on questions about Cuba and while they did better overall than their peers nation
why there were plenty of questions they didn't answer correctly question I beg your pardon that's such as one question that stump many ten I can't believe you were cheating on that thing with a
presence that is so so embarrassing that's this kind of sliding I am for a genius like you somebody that everybody says all that George knows so much useless I mean but very
good information not that much useless information wow one question that stump many test takers asked about the off-site American concept of the separation of church in state was it enshrined in the Mayflower compact the Constitution the Declaration of Independence not
of the above it stems from voters autonomous Jefferson I knew that these results are especially disturbing as we celebrate president states had Mike Ratliffe senior vice president
senator collegiate states into see this little bit of flim in their basically over this cold you know a cold ass like a week ten days whatever as basically gone but there's like a little bit of that really dark green
pew stuff down their way down in the bowels of my life will puse it up mmm oh look at that nasty many Americans will spend a day's holiday pick the key in
shopping the sales without a thought about the leaders who shaped the democracy that makes our freedom possible oh yeah all you people out there want
to sit down there like the thinker have a moment of silent meditate that statue the thinker you sit in there with his hand resting in his head and
right you know brodan really yeah I told you there's a lot of useless stuff I'm not in the art at all and I know nothing about art I don't know more than you need to know about
art or also from more than you need to know what do you mean by that in other words you can when you look at something let's say a piece of art do you know if
it looks good or not to you I know that when Andy Warhol painted a you know copan that wasn't any art to me the
your genius your freaking art genius I thought he was supposed to be the genius while guess again we limit a democratic republican
american achievement in its culture its order its justice its prosperity and finance of giri scott a senior research
fellow if the nonpartisan is I these are achievements but they're not automatic to preserve them you have to know
what the nature of the achievement is and how we got there he said very history professor Tim Smith says he's known as a lack of historical knowledge among new
students sometimes I feel like I'm working with a blank slate he said kind of like working a Q.A.M. with a blank slate at least one very student
claims the Florida comprehensive assessment test the Epcat which does not include a history section with a sole
left-cat public school a sole model down with standardized testing there's no room to learn the subjects who water cool 22 a senior political science major
but rattles says student knowledge doesn't improve much after their sneakers hit the campus I mentioned they know what kind of sneakers there were I know
I could get more students enter college with a little knowledge about america's presence unfortunately they leave college with virtually no gain
in knowledge about the individuals who have let our nation rattles said chart a wall is 21 is a pre-law major at
Barry said she's had plenty of us history courses I think that us history is being taught but the question is will I remember
for the study about 14,000 students from 50 us colleges or at 60 multiple choice questions about US history institutions 10 dealt with US
presence specifically freshman scored an average of 57.2 percent that bad seniors with three years of study under
the Bell score less than a half point higher 57.6 percent demonstrating the kind of flat learning curve that gives
college professors headaches unfortunately no more knowledge is gained from the four years of college that's got
a lot of the key university curriculum is incoherent he advocates better courses with highly trained professors of US history and more homework
Gregory Bush director of the Institute for Public History at the University of Miami agrees that knowledge of American history day is
pretty pathetic pathetic college for more teacher training he said students from the MTV generation who are used to quick information
by some flagship graphics will not be engaged by lectures first suggest team project or even creating video documentaries to keep students
attention so many people think history is a series of facts states and names of the intro regurgitate for a test he said he's an associate professor at U.M.
much of history is debatable and that's good he said I wonder what they teach in school about the war and Vietnam at about the 58,000 kids who came home and body
bags and they've localized that Johnson and Nixon and Kissinger told what they teach about that nothing that's a question of teaching history
it's a question of teaching like warp history proper gander proper gander remember that Korean war yeah nobody else does work really well didn't it just like the word Vietnam work really well just like the
racquetek is working real well and just like the all the Israeli Arab conflicts of work real well
1163 votes on the pool
the USA caught me at my spider hole now they tore me over to a racquet control but if the Americans don't keep me safe
ready so there's gonna be one more great in Iraq yeah here in Iraq as soon as they put me in the dark I will crop in the jail house Iraq my people can hardly wait to make me pay
just like they did with the day in Tuesday only one way to try and hover my post called Johnny Cagran or Mark get a ghost to Iraq
yeah say come to Iraq get myself on the sale of the jail house Iraq maybe if I'm lucky I can stop up me maybe I can even be the send me I must have been crazy to get into this war
it's like going to steal donut from Michael Moore here rock yeah here in Iraq my head will soon be on the block and I will die in the jail house Iraq die in the jail house Iraq
up to 32 that's why this crap is going on man because we have an educated public out there like that in the media course our willing co-workers willing participants and willing facilitators right very enthusiastic in helping all the creeping fascism take over all your liberties and
and poison the well with all the stupid crap that's what we're supposed to care about is and in the cool what's the story man with Howard K Smith and in the cool's a body and baby and all out of the crap any any interest not by me
of course I read the stories on here because that's what the public's interested in right that's right that's yeah you got to give him what they want that's it don't be reading anything newsy or anything to intellectual on here and you know because that isn't what's gonna get you any numbers man I guess so
31 years now you think that the celebration of me obviously that's not much of a number you know 31 is our number
hmm about exciting like last year when it was the 30th anniversary on the earth soft floor to like
but third man and look at what they did last year man it was incredible
hmm wasn't it huge party I'm still recovering from it balloons party favors banners billboards sky's the limit man what are they gonna give me this year
be sure to headache headache and sure if people tell you they're okay they're okay you know everything is a copacetic okay
I think we might take some calls this off we ever got any but it's a holiday people are out there shopping for the president say sales Zachary Taylor man there's a guy Miller you know I get confused where always and I'm not I'm not cheating I mean I could do that easily but I'm not cheating but after
get to a John Tyler who is number 10 and then Zachary Taylor was 10 I always confuse Miller to fill more in James Knox poke 11 and 13 I don't know why I do too but they look similar
yeah you do too yeah you you this is the bad of the blanket was our second president he's telling us he gets confused James Knox poke and the Millard Fillmore how about
poke salad Annie okay now let's see I mean I would only be guessing I think Millard Fillmore was 11 and James Knox poke 13 I always get it wrong
is that correct already closed that page make me go back there oh see when I need you to give me the information you're busy cheating and you're not doing off
top of your head Miller to fill more 11 or 13 when moment please oh I'm sorting by date is this rocket science and of course it doesn't make it it's just memory of a bunch of names it's just you know well what
what does it mean you know it's like memorizing numbers yeah 13 13 more 13 was Miller to one that James Knox poke 11 got it
right which was an easy way for me to remember that like word association something like poke yourself maybe that's way to poke yourself and they
are not gonna something Neil you idiot poke you idiot yeah yeah
yeah yeah and then Franklin Pearson James Buchan AB Lincoln now which one was supposed to be
a Franklin Pearson James Buchan one of them or maybe both that was the rumor you tell me you keep that I mean
that's not possible that would be like having a governor Florida that's yay that couldn't possibly be that
makes you not qualified doesn't it 7.3% of the audiences that gay people choose to be that way you know you know the
interesting part of the hard way thing that I haven't mentioned and not too many other people have probably either
that and that is that how can you hate gay people when you don't know who most of them are my best guess is that 95%
I'm just picking a number I don't know what would you say at least 90% of gay people are still in the
closet in the US that's fair now I'm asking whether it's fair I'm just asking what I'm not sure that's not
to accurate it more than half how's that okay well over half the the first part of this way the overwhelming
majority of right people in America are in the closet they're not out so it's not like you we like to have a
label on their forehead or they're walking around with like a mincing and swishing and like a hey I say at least
like three out of four okay 75% are up to okay Georgie started like with 50 now he's up to 75% that being the case
how do you know you hate people we know who most of Mar you know you hate them as you become aware I see
like you know I hate you question WQAM hello good morning sir yes sir
I'm a little the 11 thinking about since this whole Tim Hardaway ignorance stuff came out I'm thinking
since you know the whole argument now with you know it's the last thing they have to grab on to
for say all the ignorance of the locker room and you know the plane on the court and all that good stuff I'm
wondering if I wondered I see people if you happen to suffer from say prostate problems you know
you have a history of that or your wife your girlfriend your mother your sister happens to suffer from
prostate problems yeah and yeah the world's bad effect in the world is happens to be gay would you go
to this person or not please proxies thing is so stupid you know who cares why is anybody have to feel
exactly what how does it affect a person what kind of a part how does it change the kind of
person they are who they're sleeping with they're having exactly how does that change them what
what what effect is that having how they we you know react to you it's got to hate again I see
the ignorance thing you know they're gonna grab me that I'm something you know it's ridiculous but anyway
when the last time we heard of any male athlete getting molested or raped by some other male athlete
in the locker mine I never heard of it so I mean I'm sure like Greg Lamont you know
asked his doctors as he was suffering from the particular cancer hey doc are you gay are you a
man you just wanted to to put that out there okay for all the proctorologists listening thank
you have a great time well we don't I don't know if we have any proctor just we have a lot of
a holes I know that 1178 votes on the full we're gonna make I think 1300 a day easy of course we
started out with the big you know with a big jump with a big age wqa m hello q a m
uh... your uh... we know okay it's not taking a little extra breath there that's why we're slow today
your judges uh... you know wqa m hello hello hill yes sir
he listened I don't know why you're surprised about seven point three percent of the audience
saying that he uh... what was the that the poll today about the gay people are and this is they say
choose that life well seven point three percent of your audience is a republican in the
who you had so that's right forgot about that that's right and release they may not be good
at least they're consistent either good point absolutely you're gonna be mad at me before that you go
i've got that i use hope uh... but i am a male that use body wash
no way run up on me again you did what i voted as a male that you so you know what you do that
just aggravate me is that it is the problem i wanted to see you have a connection on the air
you know listen let me ask you something are you going to be taking any showers anytime soon
i know that it's up to get me together i mean hopefully uh... individually but i don't think you and i
gotta be taking any shower soon so i don't care whether you soap body wash um... uh...
a meal i don't care what you use well i think it's more entertaining when you're going off
okay thanks for the aggravation pal i buddy see if they just wanted to get you off
you sound lucky god what might want to take a shower with what's wrong with that
i'll tell them to send a picture
don't send a picture see sometimes sending a picture is not a good idea
just let me visualize you know that he looked just like a pretty quick on a good day or maybe like
right and philippe i think a shower is right in for leaping heartbeat
with the soap or the body wash although it seems to me the body wash would be much more romantic
you know you smear that all over somebody's body in the shower
i mean soap soap in the shower but i mean and of course everybody keeps dropping it you know that
and don't tell me that some of you soap guys don't use it because that's what you like
the biggest name all on your list like three days to get hard food
for sure you'll find sixty each you a
all right this is g Gordon lady and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger
turns about
that house doubt listen
hello water's warm huh i'll say you uh come here often i may have you been here before
no first time what's your name three way three way that's nice
one big it please to meet you big it's my name here
you uh here to get uh clean uh what oh i don't know
you work around here i'm a waiter but actually i'm an actor you know yeah yeah i know what
the top is you probably need to rely on all day but you know with everything it's
the news and all it's just hey you can start relaxing right now for your way
i uh brought something oh uh she and three way not just any she either look
wow gold lame pretty kicky condom um but here's the most important part three way from the
pro tech label pro tech huh aren't those in dorm by the city council of san francisco
absolutely you know the pro tech slogan don't you i sure do certified safe by the city by the
uh well what do you think darn look at that i dropped this so began i'll get it you bet your life
he will and with confidence because freeway and spicket have condoms sent don't let worry spoil those
chance meetings in public showers always carry pro tech
uh
don't doubt know what it's all about the pro tech she so they won't send you a ring
protect condoms division of black flag house and garden has some golden vision keeping
situation face since 1887 yeah i think that's what we ought to start doing the bond with the
audience a little bit better is start making making some selections and start taking showers with
members of the audience what is that right what's wrong with that nothing at all i mean if all
these athletes can take showers naked together and nobody even questions that for a moment
why the hell can't just regular ordinary pedestrian people going you know like like having a
communal shower kind of place like a bathhouse okay well bathhouse sons awfully gay yeah
doesn't it prince hairy is in the rack you ready for that he's in the wraps he's in a rack
oh look at that man chocolate hmm kind of like New Orleans the British police protection
officer responsible for prince hairy has flown to a rack to begin making security arrangements for
the royal soldiers deployment to a rack amid fears for his safety according to british press reports
would that be something if they blew his ass up in a rack and then the british might actually invade a
rack or that's right there we do sorry the daily male newspaper claimed the prince is already
referred to as a bullet magnate really by fellow soldiers as his blues and royals regimen
prepares for an anticipated six month tour of a rack they're going on a tour you know like a tour
of the museums and a tour of a nuking empire they're going on a tour wow
he's a bullet magnate and of course you know how i feel about the royal family right as they say
in a sweet and hubbmann dreary oh look at this from university dodge you know these people over there
i sure hope they start selling some cars pretty soon over there because they obviously don't have
much work going on it's another gay pool from one of Kim Bockamp's boyfriends over at university
dodge every single day they and not that i'm not can pull but it's another gay pool i don't want to
do this right away too many gay pools likely in a space amount you think this was kind of a
show or something huh yeah space amount this is kind of interesting though i don't think in the
pool is if i found out that my best friend was gay i would end a friendship immediately
support him as he comes out of the closet remain this friend but request that he doesn't tell
anyone else he's gay try homosexuality myself i guess it depends on what your best friend looks
like you can't join them beat him try to change him or i hate this gay pool or maybe i just hate
his pool i want what what how do you like that that's not a bad pool but like i said too many
gay pools spoils the putting isn't that the way it goes right what the brits say yeah the brits
in that great cuisine you know that whole royal family man they just they give me constipation
just thinking about them they they bind up my system the people are born that way 574 we got
203 votes i should have mentioned we passed the 1200 barrier wow what a feather in my cap
of course i don't wear a cap i wear a tuk yeah there's some people were chiefs here but generally
speaking this time of the year you got to have a tuk if you don't have a tuk you go out there and
puke you ever see people wearing those big fur Russian hats out there sure like a babushka sure
yeah now that you think they look fine with it show is this that i'm watching like they have a
cupcake on their head what is this you i'm watching with all these people diving naked into the water
and doing stuff like that i don't know what you're looking to escape oh wherever that with the
wherever that scene was just now i'll travel there and just try to escape gay people are born
that way from 176 you see there he goes again promoting all of that filth and sexual uh hanky spanky
on the air he's bad that's right i'll be bad gay people are fine with me 301 so if you put those
together you got 72.6 percent choose that life 88 7.2 percent you know what this reminds me of
reminds me of the day what was the poll or about what i what i where what i'm doing the show and i
filled them box your shorts only right and they still kept voting for all these other choices on
there came in a very weak third but they answered the question they want to answer they answer it
and never it's don't confuse them with the facts okay this is our opinion and take it away
they're voting for what they think you shouldn't you have to call them end of the go and say he
uses body wash but he voted for soap to aggravate me you think it really aggravates me whether
it's the same thing as whether people are gay or not how does it affect my life how does it
in here how does it affect me whether you guys are using body wash or soap how does that affect me
every time you reach for the body wash you wince and you squirm no i do like so many know what i got
what i got the same life as apricot again that's my favorite that's what i'm using right now
with those gritty beads in it whatever to have you call those things flavor crystals
mm oh jesus what did i just miss there something really good
damn you oh no i miss something really incredible on there on cnn just a second ago and just as i
turned they were changing the picture i wish i had the see on my other set on my hd set
you can like rewind it because always doing the pvr thing right and you can see it over again
but not on this stupid little citizen tv that must have cost bobber muth about 15 bucks
damn it that was something really really good anyway gay people are fine with me 301
choose that life 88 right love him hard way 69 here we all of them are going to go out there
and down there and get it washed we're going right down in the car too gay people want me 44
they want you um badly i'll gay people i hit this pull 3.2 percent 40 gay people are all
flameers 31 wish they were straight 22 that that would be like saying how many straight people
wish they were gay you know who ever heard of that yeah how gay people are easy to spot 20 and
they scare me 17 out 1215 votes well you made me miss something really well you didn't do it
the show the show gets in the way of some good tv one yeah they show interview and are
interfered with my scene something really good on there some really good flesh wqa m hello
meal you did run from the cops and they take me yeah yeah yeah run run for your life ballet yeah sure
I did wqa m hello meal over the weekend i was dragged into the qa m office snowblank mag mad dog
get it get it come on you come on you come on you come on you come on you come on you come on
okay they're getting good now man i totally don't expect too much five six seven oh five
six four seven like he was in pain on the way out that time didn't no we're in pain to which
i could only say all right yeah if he was like in super heavy duty pain five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty and they provide in singular wireless line come on let's go paper or plastic
sober body wash normal or spastic that's our poll today i love the people to call them say well
I got one for the poll yeah let's build a poll not what we haven't done that in a long time and
you know what i'm really pleased about that i hated that hmm didn't you hate that yeah
every call was the same i got one for the poll well good for you congratulations okay in other
that's all you got that's all you have to say that's that's your life that's your entire
brain process your thought process coming forth to the audience out there as you've got some
name that you want to spew on here for the poll good galley miss molly wqa m hello
hey nil yes sir and listen the same i've is uh it's cheap stuff the best body wash there is
v i p a fast fight a fast he bad but what do you mean it's a cheap stuff what does that mean
well they know i come on i'm gonna like using swathe
okay but you use what you want to use not use what i want to use you know that's like saying boy
anybody that would eat like that low-carb pasta you should go to like some fancy gourmet
it's at your restaurant and get real pasta and have your blood sugar go up to like 500 good to know
it's the cheap stuff if i found something cheaper i'd use that that's right that's why George likes
it because it's not only good but it's also the cheap stuff oh you already use cheap body wash
you got to spend a kind of money you are needed to use in cheap body wash what are you some kind
of a cheap Jew we make a lot in the tub wd q a m hello oh good morning sir hi um i'd like to speak with
meal please speaking please yes hi Neil uh two things number one uh there's a very simple way to
understand how to uh memorize different presidents names yeah one is to live in the city of
Hollywood because yeah there's all the streets are named after the presidents right
not right just drive up and down the street there up and down 441 well i think George lives in
Hollywood right and he lives over by 95 he ain't living by any of the presidents they're not all
named after presidents right no the president shared it no no but uh there that's the area of
the Hollywood with their name after characters from passions were shared in Sweden the second
thing i had and it's been a mystery to me over the years especially the panther season ticket holder
oh god forgive me for boring your audience but what is that but i'm curious as to what it is about
the sport of hockey that these that locals particularly sports uh personalities that can use
that word liberally yeah i'm so reprehensible about the sport it has action it's called
it's called ignorance it's stupidity it's the greatest sport in the world and in South Florida
you got people all they know it's football that's all they know and occasionally basketball if they
hit their like-likes last year when a championship it's a front running phony town that is correct
uh it seems it seems to be and on four and you'll recall the year that the panther's went to
the stand-and-cup finals everybody was a panther fan everybody had the flags in the car everybody
was throwing a ratchets a total phony belonging to cut Saturday night at the year cannabis center
they had a ceremony because the Leafs of course are franchise like the dolphins that are living
in the past 40 years ago the last time Leafs won the Stanley Cup in 1967 and they had all the
living members of the 67 team there and it was an emotional thing and boy they sure know how to
do it up right and if you could have seen the enthusiasm in that crowd and most of those people
weren't even born when that the Stanley Cup was won and the enthusiasm and they knew the name
was it a player is Johnny Bauer Dave Keon Frank Mahavallage Allen Stanley Yadi Yadi and it was great
these are people with a passion South Florida's a place with no passion with it's as sterile as the
inside of a band-aid box the biggest name the best talent this is Neil Rogers for 20560
Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM what's this obsession with hope who will Rosio
Donald attack next find out on the view the Pope don't get me started do us a favor and drag
the Pope mobile under a low bridge first it was Trump the idle judges and Oprah now who else is
on her diss list what's with Bono in this debt relief how you build your cheap Irishman Rosie is
relentless Billy Graham die already if you're so close to God go play him a visit will you and when
she's done treashing the living she'll go after the dead Princess Diana you don't wear a seatbelt
you got what you deserve how low will Rosie go find out on the view mother Teresa I mean I know
but what a win
it sure not nearly as exciting as watching the dolphins lose 9 or 10 games every year
but that again what could possibly be what could be more exciting than that what could be more
thrilling than watching and what passes for sport and self-order one dimensional people man that's
all they know from what's the latest band bag in a jump on phony baloney it's very sad but you know
and of course I remember the one thing I'll never forget forgetting about that whole phony year
that we're totally plastic just like the rats phony baloney but I come back from a vacation of
Europe one of one of my 8000 vacations and I read in USA today that this is like we were still
down and it must have been our first year at QAM first few months there was because it was in
the wintertime number we started December 30 yes and the Panthers had just made the trade and got
in Pavel Buri who for my money at that time was the best player in the world and I read that in the
USA then I was so excited I was like screaming and yelling and jumping up and down and spashing and
juggling all over my self kind of like usual and I mentioned it on the air was like what who's that
who's that what is that so yeah I have to temper my emotions about 31 years on the air in this
town a week from Thursday because what does it really mean you know of the fact I made a few
bucks what what does it really mean that you made a few that I'm not I'm a survivor that I've
survived 31 years fighting uphill you know like the guy who calls to tell me that he voted for
soap on the pool to aggravate me he was a good guy and everything and maybe I would like to take
a show with him I don't know he said it nice but at any rate um it calls to tell me that just
aggravate me you know even when we use his body wash how many body wash closet people to think
out I bet you a lot I bet because they probably figured we're tracing their IP address or something
when they vote on the pool or speaking of tracing IP address you know who our number one visitor to
our website is huh to our my space we have 109 members of my space 12 and 9 friends huh huh
yeah huh is number one and so I did a little IP trace of it I've been checking that a little more
thoroughly and going through a little more and and uh part of the word that goes is through
cruel gables huh you think and then just huh yeah huh who's who's on there like every five minutes
all over our website like think on my voice sounds a lot of then gay to me somebody very very
like a desperately in need of a life probably 38 votes on the pool we got 13 lichris okay we probably
should have taken the day off today you know yeah I agree we could have ran the ESPN radio that would have
been winning good from 10 to 10 let me go later this morning uh uh uh who I also a little bit too much
guilty for me in 48 hours hearing his voice on there with Denise Potman boy I talk about yeah I
would like most said I came believe he's got children 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've
arrived in Sigurd or where else once one of the few things more ever said that I would agree with
but he's one to talk now what does that mean I know what does that mean Chris yeah what does that
mean Chris is there something we should know about mullemaster dingalberry I mean I don't know if he
you know is one of your people but you know he's not exactly one of the greatest people who ever
mean so the fact that he found a wife is kind of a pretty good thing in the fact that he actually
had relations with him at one point at some point did you the fact that they actually did the old
nasty the old uh salami deal wow this is better than sex well I'm sure WQ I am hello
yes stiron boy you need to let me get you know you mean a chance no what it's him no
WQ I am hello Q I M
okay sir I was listening in the knowledge and I just heard that you could trace the IP address
please um it's a my do that oh if that I can't tell you it's an ancient Chinese secret it's like
that diswashing the thing it's an ancient Chinese secret if I have to tell you how to trace an
IP address man and you just you know how about googling it go on your computer okay
and and put in their trace IP address free because it's got to forbid that anybody should have to
pay for it and you know a lot of that stuff under it is such a rip off you know you wear that oh yeah
that whole deal about tracing people's this and that and their um you know as I am shoe size
it's just a lot of that it's I have a general rule that I apply if I see it on the internet I
presume that it's a rip off until I have a reason to think otherwise I see I thought your rule
I believe across money you can't afford it that too I always apply that 247 votes on a pull we
could have had 14 today if Josh Cordis was there today cheering from the sidelines he was pretty
good on Friday what's all got into him he was very animated I think it's because he and I
love each other so much that was the it oh I guess what what guess what's going to be their
Wednesday speaking of Josh Cordis his favorite waiver waiver waiver his brand new and that I forked
out a hundred bucks because I'm such a swollen great guy because I'm a legendary I hope you tell
everybody that I'm a great guy damn it I always do please even if it's a lie w 2 am hello hello
do you like represent yeah I represent a group of very distant friend distant franchise the losers
Q a m hello Q a m vanish just vanished into thin air must have been his boyfriend Q a m hello
Neil yes sir it's Peter Bolger I'm here running the french farm machine in the Donald's
yeah my patient I slow let you know I found my calling in life okay nice going Pete okay
get out get out the old ship see how many people can stab over there P.D. we were just talking
about people to be for the show today George and I mm-hmm and what a spineless backstabbing although
you actually said something almost good about him who are you comparing him to the people here
you're comparing them these sports fraternity they're a Q a I was saying that when Pete Bolger
destroys a radio station he does it on purpose deliberately he knows exactly what he's doing he's
doing it on purpose because he hates that radio station these people are doing it and they think
they're doing good I heard I heard when they bought I would be I heard what he said about that W I
O D. Oh I hate that station that's what he said then he did the president of the strut right methodically
right these people are really believe that they know something yeah sports stuff and you know
when we have guilty on this morning I I would love to see and this isn't a shot at him all
yet is I would love to see because I he talked about with sports the whole time that I was
listening I heard about an hour and all he talked about with sports and he really calls I heard
had to do with hockey because he does the Panther broadcast obviously and you know there's no
interest in the hockey so you you talk about narrow cast you talk about taking a time it will be
like taking a slice of pie okay a Boston cream pie which I'm very fond of I don't eat pie
because it's nothing but pure sugar but nevertheless taking a slice and then slicing it again
and then slicing it again you know I mean that's right keep slicing you have nothing but
crumbs left keep slicing until you can see through it slice right like it like it to me then like
like Ron Popeiro's with those sharp knives you know with Uncle Lashminder whatever his name is
I can't believe you don't watch informers shows there's no I do I watch the Spanish language
underwear control top pantyhose informers all right they show everybody they show ass
I don't want yeah 1250 on your dial 250 votes on a pool what that is pretty name good now let's see
gay people choose that life they choose to be a 7.2% that number is consistent 60 people 90 people excuse
me 90 people out there say that gay people choose to be gay I remember the day that I made that choice
you know I was about like 10 years old I sat down I opened up a sports magazine I thought look
at that I think I'm gonna like get all excited about that and then I went you know we lived right
next door when I was in high school we lived right next door to the high school athletic field
the football field to track the whole deal and so I could sit in the window of the spare bedroom
we had a spare bedroom like a guest bedroom I could sit in the window I'll watch the hot young
guys there from the high school out there running track you know and stuff with their shirts off
and whatever and I sat there one day and I thought to myself you know what I'm gonna choose to
let that give me all simulated and all worked up like that I tell you did it that's exactly how it
great um I will be in attendance with Thursday night when the Florida Panthers played at Pittsburgh
Penguin with Sydney Crosby and Company I'm the one that's excited about it yeah and if get any
Malcolm exactly right it's shameful that nobody cares well that's your fair time man we can
sit here and scream about it from not so love the cows come on but they're gonna change anything
they don't give a crap they haven't got any clue who the people are they don't care and
and not only that but half of the people who do show up are dumb and then saw this anyway
come on wall hit somebody will you come on wall hit I mean having got to like 80s in Panther
games since the franchise since the inception I mean listening to the the rambling idiocy
and lunacy in lack of any kind of understanding of the game how many seasons do you have to have a
team in a given sport before you start to understand the way the game is played and who the players
are but turn man I guess we got a way to go out I don't think they'll make it that long this is a
franchise that's made the playoffs three times in its entire existence in its existence
and they are gonna make it again this year you just gonna dry spell yeah they're just in the 20 year
dry spell something like that the good part of it is nobody cares see if people read the
intercaler like with the dolphin thing that's that that's starting to frost a few ashes now that's
why the coaches keep getting canned or running away or whatever the deal is people are getting a little
bit hostile about that what is this with one word children's book sets off of uproar this might
be pretty interesting after the break what is this but it's kind of cute the higher power of lucky
it's funny read it during the break you decide a rattle snake bites his dog on the scrotum like I
after the bad break the biggest name the best talent for 205 60 issue
previously on 24 the following takes place between 10105 AM on jack bower's 24 hours off well Mr.
Bower I'm Dr. Schnitzel Grover if you just bend over there and grab your ankles for just a second
this shouldn't take long you never come into my office you talk to me like that I can't you understand
you're in my office tired of putting my ass on the line for nothing I'm done putting my ass on
the line for nothing if you weren't so tense this won't hurt just a question of how much you want to try
I come down Mr. Bower maybe if I I called the nurse there's really not like it
in your mouth 24 hours off then I only on box all 17 that would be a good pull to take some time
would you go to a proctologist for an exam if you knew he was gay I would imagine that that
would give him you know more expertise than you give him a leg up on the situation well what do
you mean by that more expertise on what are you in in in the city waiting huh Julie Bosman
of the New York Times writes with one word children's book sets off up roar this this time
is right in with what I was saying earlier right so should have saved that for the third paragraph
about this stuff that becomes up when you have a cold uh Julie says the word scrotum does not
often appear in polite conversation or children's literature for that matter yet there it is on
the first page of the higher power of lucky by Susan Patrone or is that patron Patrone this year's
winner of the Newbury medal the most prestigious award in children's literature the books hero
in a scrappy ten year old orphan named lucky Trimble here is the word through a hole in the wall
another character says he saw rattlesnake by his dog Roy on the scrotum that's what scrant
told me one time she saw a dog by the rog on the scrotum I think was a dog anyway scrotum is
sounded lucky like something green that comes up when you have the flu and cough too much the book
continues it sounded medical and secret but also important important the inclusion of the word
is shot some school librarians who pledged to ban the book from elementary schools and we open
the debate over what constitutes acceptable content in children's books the controversy was
first reported by publishers weekly a trade magazine on electronic mailing list like librarian dot net
dozens of literary blogs and pages on the social networking site live journal teachers
authors and school librarians took sides over the book librarians from all over the country
including Missoula Montana upstate New York central Pennsylvania in Portland Oregon weighed in
questioning the role of library and when selecting a resensory in some argued literature for children
the book concluded what I called a Howard Stern type shock treatment just to see how far they
could push the envelope but they didn't have the children to mine Dana Nielsen a teacher in librarian
in Durango Colorado wrote on alem dot net a mailing list that reaches more than 16,000 school librarians
how very sad she said the book has already been banned from school libraries and the handful
of states in the south the west and northeast and librarians and other schools have indicated in
the online debate that they may well follow suit indeed the topic is done in the discussion among
librarians since the book was shipped to schools Pat Scales former chairwoman of the newbury
award committee said that declining the stock to book and libraries was nothing short of censorship
the people are reacting to that word are not reading the book as a whole she said that's what
sensors do they pick out words and don't look at the total merit of the book if we're any other
novel it probably would have gone unnoticed unordered and unread but in the world of children's books
winning a newbury is a reference problem of being selected as an opus book club title
libraries and bookstores routinely ordered two more copies each year's winners with the books
read and allowed children's taught in classrooms the higher power of lucky was first published
November by Athenian Merchor Jackson books an imprint of Simon and Schuster accompanied by a modest
print run of ten thousand after the announcement of the newbury award January 22 the publisher quickly
ordered another hundred thousand copies which arrived in bookstores schools in libraries on February
five reached at her home in law in Los Angeles miss Patron said she was stunned by the objections
stunned it did the story of the Randall steak bite she said was based on a true incident involving
a dog's friend he got bit on the scroll she wrote and one of the things that the book is
that lucky is preparing himself to be a grown-up miss Patron said learning about language in body
parts that is very important to her the word is just so delicious miss Patron said the sound of
the word to lucky is so evocative it's one of those words that's so interesting because of
the sound of the word miss Patron was a public librarian in LA said the book was written for children
nine to twelve years old but some librarians cuddled it since the heroine of the higher power of
lucky is ten children older than that would not be interested in reading that I think it's a good
case of an author not realizing her audience said Frederick Mueller a librarian in Hallston Middle
School in Newton or Jersey if I were a third or fourth grade teacher I wouldn't want to have to
explain that authors of children's books sometimes sneak in a single touchy word of paragraph
leaving librarians to choose whether to ban an entire book over one offending phrase I don't
understand what what's the deal with nine or ten year old kids about scrotum nothing
but you're not a born again Christian nervous nilly now are you or I can be a nervous nilly
in the case of lucky some of them take no chances when these store librarians for an elementary
and Louisville Kentucky wrote on the element mailing list that she wouldn't stock the book
and we are cops the librarian at the French Root Elementary School in Brighton, New York where I
went to school well I'm not at that school French Root I went to Brighton Elementary is that
incredible how do you like that and be a cop street librarian at French Root Elementary School in
Brighton since he anticipated angry calls from parents if she ordered it I don't think our
teachers are myself want to do that vocabulary lessons he said in the interview one library
and who responded to Ms. Nilson's posting on LM nets I'd only sad to say I didn't order a
free to my school is based on the word scrotum scrotum oh my god all right she wrote him and it
was scrotum booksellers two are watchful for racy content books the end of earth to customers
Carol Chittenden you heard me the owner of eight cousins of bookstore and Falmouth Mass said she
once horrified a customer with the adventures of blue adventure by Norma how an avalanche junior high
school students I remember one time showing the book to a grandmother and enthusing about it she said
there's a chapter in there that's very funny and the word condom comes up and of course she
opens the book right to that page and that's at condom oh my god junior high school students and
condoms oh brother heaven forbid it's not the first time school librarians have squirmed
at a book's content of course scum are you again cracking those knuckles I can hear it like a
million miles away yes some school officials have tried to ban Harry Potter books from school saying
that they implicitly endorse witchcraft and satanism young adult books by Judy blue no decades old
I routinely kept out of school libraries they don't implicitly endorse that they explicitly
endorse it may as well as I'm reading the article okay all right this is the New York Times what do
you know that the New York Times does know about Harry Potter no miss milson reached its sunny set
element for his school in Durango color why don't she'd heard from dozens of libraries agreed with
her stance her stance he's squatting on it I don't want to start an issue about censorship she said
but you won't find men's genitalia in quality literature at least not for children she said
you won't find the scroat being wrote in kids books
that I mean this it's just it's just really speechless you know it's so stupid you know one of
my words word condom in junior high school or kids of a book see that that would have been an important
book because one of my friends was in high school was still saying scotcham yeah
scratching if you got him scratching like he'd never heard the word before seen it in print what do
you try to say it was a moron he was a moron oh well of course there's a territory oh I must
say something that's scrotum in my throat again is that what it says there it's a word that
comes up when you have the flu and cough too much I'm like yeah oh more scrotum I heard it's a word
it's always on your tongue I'm not here today this is a tape yeah it's a tape that you'll
build put together mm-hmm 1261 votes new series of bombings raised death hole in a rack all kinds
of tourists look at that all that bombed out stuff and all these guys looking around like oh hey
what's going on here oh that's so sad it's pathetic the only good thing is that America doesn't
really care for the most part I mean there's a few thousand people like here and they go out
there and they protest and they scream and they holler and you know some of us care but generally
speaking hey look here what is the story about idiots climbing them out in the middle of the winter
and what is this have to do with Brittany's haircut that's right I'd like to know and what is
it have to do with Anna Cole's stanchi body from 161 votes on the pool gay people are born at way
603 are fine with me 309 choose that life 91 7.2% constant idiots remember that the constant
gardener bad movie by the way the constant idiots loved him hard away 75 those gay people they
love them they want to do them gay people want me 45 see when when a guy says that I think you
he wishes right he wishes that gay people want to do a switchful thinking right I hate this pool
only 3.2% 41 gay people are all flavors 33 wish they were straight 25 are easy to spot 23
and scare me I'm a scared man only 17 the biggest name only a scared of him
the boy man maybe he's you a bill
everybody this is belly belly belly belly down steam but I regularly boy but I have to
only better as the official boy of the flamera the pit
I'm here to tell you about the wonders of I and I's yeast this year is the good yeast
not the smelly time not the rose inside your crotch I and I's yeast put me on your bones
the men liking it performance in the bedroom could really use this stuff that's just one of the
many benefits to use an I and I's yeast this stuff here I uh I don't even know what this is
just thinking I have an extra step anyway
if anybody's that's okay be my favorite comment by the guilty about the pamphighs This Morning
was when he said the organization is like a rotten fish, you know, if it stinks from
the head, it stinks all the way down to the tail.
It's a 1232 at 5.60 WQAM.
Now it's like a food insecurity in Iraq.
We're doing a heck of a job, man.
We may not be good, but at least we're consistent.
The lack of security in Iraq is leading out of a collapse in food supply.
All right.
Look at us begging for food despite the fourth.
The lack of security in Iraq is leading out of a collapse in food supply.
All right.
Look at us begging for food despite the fortunes we have 60-year-old Umutana from Baghdad
to Al-IPS, Interprese Service, standing at a vegetable market in central Baghdad where
vegetable supplies are not what they used to be.
Umumamud, Makhmud, is spared for Iraq.
What?
A country with two great rivers should have been the biggest exporter in the world, but
now we beg for food from those who participated in killing us.
Iraq is rich in oil and agricultural resources.
Local and international aid flooded into Iraq in 2004, the year following the invasion,
but much of the supply was blocked off after the kidnapping of many aid activists in the
country.
The food Iraqis did get was off another thing needed or wanted.
Maybe it wasn't even halal.
Iraqis don't feel at ease receiving food aid when they exported food in the past.
Economist Dr. Jussi Malraqabi told IPS, Iraq has been a field of aid in geos since the
U.S. occupation began, and many of those NGOs brought food stuff that is not what Iraq
is we're used to, but they had to take a do that they were facing.
In other words, if you were starving to death and they brought you a bunch of rice and
you said, oh, that's why rice only like brown rice.
Yeah.
Guess what?
Umumamud.
Barley wheat pulses and the famous Iraqi dates are staple diet and also are exported.
Oh, dates, fat.
Oh, I can't stand it.
I've had a few dates.
Common meals in Iraq include rice, lamb, chicken and locally grown vegetables like cucumbers,
and tomatoes.
Under the occupation of Iraqis are getting much of their food from companies in Australia,
and other countries who assisted the U.S. during the invasion of occupation.
This food is often bit of low quality.
During July 2006, the Iraqi Ministry of Trade rejected or destroyed thousands of tons
of contaminated food or food past its expiry date.
This is an, you know, the, you know, enterprise expiry date.
The food is caused widespread poisoning.
Dr. Rikabi holds both the U.S.
back to back in government and U.S. occupation authorities responsible for the failing food
supply.
By the end of 2005, most international NGOs had withdrawn from Iraq on the orders of their
governments who saw the writing on the wall of increasing sectarian violence.
Maybe they saw the writing on the wall like Daniel and lion's dead.
Remember he saw the writing on the wall?
That's right.
And it said, Barahueh, adanoyhamvora.
Right.
That's exactly what it said, just like the ribbing tins in Papa Umamah.
That's what it said.
That's what the original Hebrew translates to Papa Umamah, Oyehveh.
Popsie and Drared.
That's what it said.
The security situation in lack of gas means that local farmers are often unable to get
their food to the markets.
And it goes on, but it'll be put, it'll be put up.
And the prices of imported goods have increased dramatically.
All the way around, it's a nightmare is what it is.
It's a freaking nightmare.
And the American public are like, well, you know, that's the way it goes.
It's too bad for them.
We got to get it over there before they come and get us.
That's right.
Get all those Iraqis over there, man.
Those men, women and children, those little babies before because you know what they
say about terrorists?
What did they say?
They chose that.
That was born out.
They were born terror now.
They were, they chose it.
It was a choice.
They were socialized into becoming terrorists, just like fags are socialized into becoming
gay, like that.
And still 7.2% of this audience stubbornly insists.
But they got made a good point, that one guy, that one puts, he made a really good point.
And when we took the poll about the, whatever, I don't know what the topic was, but like about
7% of the audience said they were Republicans.
And 7.2% of this audience say gay people that you have left.
So that, you have to justify your hate.
I mean, if you admit, if you come to the point where you finally confess and admit that
you were wrong and then people are born with their sexual orientation, whatever it happens
to be, then it's much more difficult.
Like how they justify the hate.
Well, I don't like the way they dress.
I don't like the way they look.
I don't like the way they smell.
I don't like the way they look at my ass.
Well, whatever it might be, you know, you've got to come up with some other excuses, I guess.
12.79.
We're going to have 13 in the room before the top of the hour.
We've got to shout at something, man.
If Chris was put, well, Chris is busy studying his presidents right now.
And next time I give him a look at instant pop quiz on here like that, that was not good.
That was bad, bad by me putting you on a spot.
Now where did you go to school?
High school went to highly high.
Oh, no wonder.
If I would have asked you to name all the Cuban presidents, you probably could have told me.
But they'll.
He'll answer you about Tista.
Who was before of a Tista, George?
You hear that, Scotty?
Well, what do you mean I'm asking you?
You're of Cuban descent.
Don't you know you're Cuban history, mister?
What is wrong with you people?
That would be like asking me who the, you know, about gay history.
Yeah.
About like what's his name?
Michelangelo.
What about it?
He didn't need a ladder.
He didn't need no ladder up there to paint the Sistine Chapel.
He was floating up there.
Did you know that?
No.
Because fairies can fly.
You're fairies.
Little, see, just put this on that big educational packet you got from this show.
Pavel Burry is coming to the panthers.
Wow.
There are some things that stick in your mind.
And at that point I realized that it's hopeless.
Other than early bird dinners and hating your neighbor and why won't you speak English,
that's basically what South Florida is all about, you know.
That's it.
Dominic Q.A.M., hello.
Neil, what's up, man?
Yes, sir.
Well, I work with this Republican guy as well.
And it's not that gay people get the shoes.
God gives them free will to give them the right to choose.
Which I find totally confusing as well.
I don't get that.
But don't forget, God is omnipotent so therefore he and omniscience so he knows at the time what they're going to choose.
Yeah, it's very weird that whole thinking of he gives free will, then they get the choose and then they'll get to go to hell.
It's, I don't know.
Well, otherwise it's going to get mighty lonely down here.
Yeah, he also believes that animals have no soul in their hair for own purposes and stuff.
Yeah, they're here for us to a little around with. That's correct.
Yeah.
All right, you know.
Good luck to you, pal.
I'd shoot his ass tomorrow is what I would do.
Just for the hell of it, you know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, it calls so far we had a couple of pretty interesting calls this guy was fine.
He was like a real living and breathing person.
I do like that.
When you're dealing with stupid people, just like last week when we had some of those conversations,
and there would be people calling and say, well, why?
Why don't these people do some research?
Why don't they do some reading?
They're not interested in doing research.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
Nobody who is that ignorant is ever going to do any research.
Nobody's going to read anything that might fly in the face of their bigoted, narrow-minded, stupid attitude.
If they are going to do any research, it's to reinforce their hatred and bigot.
That's right.
The only thing that's ever come to the website, the lab, the lab, the lab, the lab.
And then listen to all this swill.
Pick through the Bible and pick the passages that they like that they can use against those.
And then you'll pick your nose a lot.
I find that these people generally tend to pick the nose a lot.
I pick my nose a lot, but generally in pride, how would it be?
I don't know. Is there something wrong with picking your nose?
What about Woodrow Wilson?
How many Hicks does he have?
Not a big Wilson picker, son.
I've got to be very honest.
How about this one?
There's one here that you will wreck.
Oh, I see.
And that ain't it either.
I'm sure it's not.
This is funky Broadway.
I see.
Here's the one that another one that you won't recognize real quick.
How about in the midnight hour?
That ain't the most expensive one that I'm going to know by Wilson Picket?
That one isn't here.
But people that talk about two dangerous people, there's kind of Lisa and A.F.L.O.M.E.R.D.
Oh, my God.
This is my Mood Abbas.
Come on out.
Name this tune.
Everyone, little children of the name of this song.
Tony Malone.
Nice potato!
I have no idea what this is.
Land of the Cow's who dances.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, that's very, very popular land of a thousand dances.
In fact, Tony Malone, which he mentioned by Larry Williams,
if you had short fat fanny by Larry Williams,
I would care the show over till 430 this afternoon.
The biggest thing I don't have is best talent.
No.
The O'Rotters.
Thank God.
Radio 560, please.
Oh, a-am.
Oh, look.
Oh.
Hey.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Hey, man.
I'm in 1248 to 560 WQM.
All the bubblegum I season all the time.
All the Getskies all the time.
All the murder, all the intolerance, all the ignorance,
all the stupidity.
That's the world in which we live.
Do you want to see an example of it?
Please.
WQ-am.
Hello.
I see there was right there.
Wow.
560-560.
That was it.
That was the only one I was bringing at the moment.
Because I know the good cause are probably reading the law one to two-hour.
They want to be legendary like me.
560-560 and pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
President's Day, what are your thoughts about Benjamin Harrison?
From 97 votes and what about Grover Cleveland?
What about him?
I don't know.
What about Chester Allen Arthur?
I think he...
I wish one was a drunk that was a grant.
He listened to General, he listened to his S grant was a drunk.
Of course there was always Hebert Hebert.
I mean, he's just not important things.
They have nothing to do with our lives.
He want them to say.
That's the important stuff.
That's right.
He's a head title.
And Britty's haircut.
And as did Smelly Stency Body.
And Howard K. Smith.
And Howard K. A. Stern.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes.
I'd like to be on...is this the radio?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to be on.
Yes, I'd like to...
Beyond your own right now.
Okay.
Where the head?
Yeah, I'd like to discuss...
I'll just...
You're discussing the gay situation?
The gay situation?
Oh, some comments about gays.
Yes.
And the...
And the host was saying that...
Sir, and I'm really asking a question.
Who do you think you're talking to?
This is the host.
This is me.
You know my name?
No, I don't know.
I just started listening now.
I see.
Okay, go ahead.
You're on right now.
Okay, I'd just like to respond like this.
That we believe...
I believe that God gives us certain tendencies to certain things.
It's like we have tendencies to anger, we have tendencies to many things.
But that doesn't mean necessarily that it's the right thing.
Please don't.
Although homosexuals may have certain tendencies and we should not judge them
and we shouldn't hate them,
but understanding the behavior is correct.
So you have these tendencies to...
Well, let me ask you this.
What does that mean correct?
Well, in other words, you're defining what is correct.
Who's the defined or the Bible says that it's correct?
Oh, the Bible says that.
In other words, you're a Bible-thumper, sir.
You must be a crazy person.
I believe in the Bible.
You sacrifice animals.
Let me ask you this.
If you're children or disobedient, you stole them to death.
You know that I'm...
That's what the Bible says to you.
That's exactly what the Bible says to you.
You would know the Bible is somebody stuck 14 of them up your ass right now.
Okay, you moron.
Let me talk to the host.
I don't know how I'm speaking to the host.
I thought that's something you're supposed to put in your mouth in the church.
The host.
That's that other word we were talking about in that children's book.
If you don't back away from the scroll...
John, you're going to get smote if you don't back away from the scroll.
I'm telling you that right now, you'll be smitten.
You're going to hit me the throat just like a kitten in the microwave.
That's what I thought you wrote.
And the throat.
And I'm feeling a little bit of the old bloat.
You know, this way I'm not my right guy.
Exactly.
They only of all the old people.
Why would you dignify such an idiotic moron?
Why would you waste your time trying to explain something to an ignorant man?
He starts out by God.
Did this and God did that?
Because he's ignoring all of your words.
All of your words.
Correct.
Not all of your choices are correct.
Absolutely correct.
This is the man who'll make the definitions because the Bible says...
When somebody starts with me with that Bible crap, I'm immediately aware I'm dealing with a...
person.
Okay?
But you didn't even ask him about the animal sacrifices that he's not conducting.
How do you know he's not?
How about she's got a dead chicken nailed to the door right now, probably kosher for...
Shavuas.
Totally getting right, I'd imagine.
1303, just like an anacose body man, that chicken ate smelling too good.
Good.
Jolly Miss Mala.
I just got through a scream at A.L. and carrying out about ignorance and stupid people.
And here comes this Bible thumping jackass who doesn't even know who Dali's talking to.
Who definitely needs some telephone technique, refresher courses, something.
And just an idiot.
You're entitled to be dumb, sir.
That's part of my life.
Okay?
At least in America, even though there aren't too many freedoms left, you still have the freedom to be a moron.
And we invite every moron to come on a show and believe you me, they take advantage of it and express their stupidity.
Just lay it right out there for the human race to sniff and examine and poke around a little bit.
Mmm.
Delish.
WDQYM.
Hello.
I'm Danielle.
Yes.
This is Gail.
Hi Gail.
You're long lost, please.
Anyway, Uncle Neil, speaking of hope, this is a filth-winnery bit where the woman calls in and they ate her son.
What would you remember that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Can you play that?
No.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
5-6705-60, POM 5-60 on it.
It's a, you know, we're in the middle of a conversation here and she wants you all you can eat Negro and I was like, you know, although it does have lots of people talking about, but nevertheless.
It would kill some good time too, but nevertheless too long.
Are you sure?
Yep.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
This is WDQYM, right?
Let me, what did I just say when I answered the phone?
I said WDQYM.
Hello.
I didn't hear that, sir.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Okay.
I'm calling because I'm listening to the show.
I listened to QA on a bit.
Yeah.
Hearing this thing where people are calling in and talking about the gaze.
And I don't know if they were saying what's right and what's wrong.
I did hear that mention.
And I don't think there's anything about what's right and wrong.
And I heard you also say that when people talk about the Bible, that they are...
They're crazy people, yes.
They do.
Yes.
And I think that people have, you know, have to have some things to believe in and that's what they choose to believe in.
Yeah, if they're weak, if they're weak and superstitious and if they, you know, need to crotch you out.
But why do they have to believe in something that they use as an instrument of hate and intolerance?
Well, you know, I really don't perceive it as being that way because I do read the Bible.
But I've read a lot of other things as well.
And there are some things that might teach hate, you know.
But when I look at the Bible, I don't see hate coming in there.
I think it's the way some people interpret it.
It's like with...
And I want to deal with the homosexual thing for a second and that regard only.
Yes.
It doesn't say anything about hate.
What the Bible teaches me when I say they put the death.
No, what it says is this.
It says hate is the sin.
We have love the sinner.
Oh, yeah. You sound like a need to brag with a deeper voice now.
We hate the sin, but we love the sinner.
It doesn't say that in the Bible.
Yeah, love the sinner.
No, it doesn't say that anywhere.
Where does it say that in the Bible? Sir, in Leviticus?
Yes.
Yes.
And then in the Bible.
Next to this would be a liar.
Sir, let me say this to you, okay?
Do you know those pages of the Bible?
Believe you me.
If you run out of toilet paper, they'll come in really handy, but they leave a nasty stain.
Woo!
They also spoke ill of me.
Good stuff, huh?
They spoke ill of me.
This is good.
We're getting some really good Bible thumpers.
They're my favorite, man.
I'm the favorite moron.
No, no, no.
Don't say this.
They don't say that in my beeper.
And I says, is that in Leviticus?
Yeah.
Sir, you would know Leviticus from Moishi Puppet, okay?
From Abraham Solomon.
From Yitzchak Schwartz.
1308 on the pool.
Let's see, still 7.2%.
It is solid, man.
It is absolutely rock solid.
95 say gay people choose that life.
Just like Republicans choose that life too.
The biggest name of best talent to the basis,
Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560.
UAM.
One to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
Every good Christian knows a game to play.
If it's not so very hard to do,
Oh, right.
The name of the game is the Bible.
And if you are afraid it's the way we do,
tell people you know the way.
The Bible.
Invite them to your house.
Make their possessions away.
The Bible.
And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe it.
But you make the Bible say it's true.
No matter what you do, you can be glory.
The Lord will always work if you pick up a poison in his name.
The Bible said, wave it all around.
The Bible said, find the fortune-tellin' it.
The Bible said, and shoot a doctor down.
Everybody, play a war with me, okay?
Come on, here we go with public gifts.
Feet the crop out of your kids.
The Bible said, you're gonna rot in the bow.
The Bible said, you're gonna tear from it.
The Bible said, and pass the blade around.
The Bible said, I don't think you can say.
The Bible said, you make the sacrifice.
You know what's next?
When I think the animal sacrifice,
but off the chicken's head,
then kneel down the door right next to your mazizah
and right to under the cross, the crucifix.
The old man was on with Gregory Peck last night
for the 8 million time.
Yeah, I can never stop watching that.
I just love that.
And the one thing I wonder is, you know,
that kid must have been a really deep sleeper.
You know, remember when he takes the scissors
and he's cutting the kids here off?
And he shines that light on there to see the back of his head
is the 666, and everybody goes, oh my God, it's the antichrist.
Brother.
And it just leaves me limp.
You know, I think that's what I should do.
He's last 400 years I'm gonna be on here.
It's just do an anti-religion show.
I've often thought of that.
Yeah.
Not that we don't do play them.
Well, Clarence says that's a bad thing.
I beg your pardon?
Well, I totally told new ones.
Oh, I want to hear about this.
You never told me this to me.
Oh, he was giving me some tips.
You remember what I wanted to do?
He was giving you tips on what you should be talking about on him.
When you're doing the show?
Yes.
And said what?
That religious thing is a big turn off to now.
As opposed to talking about the Panthers, for example.
Right.
Or talking about good and like that.
And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy.
I'm a news for you.
What he knows about broadcasting and about what constitutes a tune out when he puts those segments on with the same with Ira Windbag and the same retread old sports hacks over and over.
You know what's like?
It's like putting a noose around the neck of the people on the air.
No, noose.
Sports talk good.
In fact, Marit once upon a time I worked at W&W's.
W&W's called W&W's.
This ought to be W&Nuse.
Where Clarence the sports nerd, Schmuck, puts a noose around whoever the hell is on the air.
I'm telling you, man, every one of those segments is a tune out.
Let's go to that.
Let's go to that.
Boston Cream Pie.
No, they're not.
Every one of those Boston Cream Pie say, like taking a crumb out of the pie and saying,
OK, this is what we got left.
But never mind me, what would I know about it?
How would I think about radio about radio about radio about radio?
Hold it all.
What people want to talk about?
That's right.
No, it's a hell of a lot more interesting and a lot more controversial.
Oh, actually, I'm having me freeway involving several vehicles.
Where the hell is this?
It's in Miami, just west of Northwest, 57th Avenue.
Boy, what a traffic nightmare.
This is North West.
There are two eastbound lanes of 836, Shuck Down.
A hard part, a lot.
It's all westbound.
But then nine people injured.
We'll stay on top of this.
It's because there's any more problem.
Always bounce.
You've been to two eastbound lanes of 836.
We are Shuck Down.
We had a more aggressive wreck.
Well, thank God for the QM News Department, OK?
For giving us that information.
It's a good thing I spy that out of the corner of my eye.
You know, must be the Lord who was intervening on my side that I saw that.
Wow.
I'll quote here that 836, man.
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Am I right?
All the time.
1322.
We could have made 14 today.
In fact, I think we still might do it.
We think we're risk.
We do it.
I didn't hear anything about food today.
No food today.
We had how is this morning?
Oh.
Well, I mean, why do you say that like that's chop liver?
That's not chop liver.
I had my group of fingers and it was great.
I'm addicted.
Oh, you had those rooper fingers, man.
Oh, wonderful.
Great.
Rooper fingers.
Dixit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A British soldier's postcard to his sweetheart has finally arrived 92 years after he sent it
from the trenches of WWI.
But it relates to never, right?
That's yours.
Well, that's not yours.
I mean, this is in London.
That's somebody's postoff is hard at work.
Private Walter Butler wrote to Amy Hicks in 1915 telling her that he was alive and well.
But the army issued a postcard never made it to her home in Wiltshire 60 miles west of
London.
Butler survived the war and the couple went on to get married.
Well, thank God for that.
The postcard turned up in a postal sorting office with Senator Longlast week to the post
office near Hicks address.
A local postman called the home of the couple's daughter, Joyce Holbert, to announce the discovery.
And she probably said, Oh, my God.
Holbert, 86, a grandmother of three, said her late parents rarely discussed the war and
that the relic of the past had little meaning for her.
Well, what a heartless bitch.
She wondered what the fuss was all about.
I think it's rather excessive, Holbert told the Associated Press.
There's lots more interesting things going on than a postcard arriving 92 years late.
Well, what a sour, nasty old bitch, when you say, I mean, granted it's a little bit late now.
Well, look, look nice.
So what kind of, these are dogs in the snow.
What's this all about?
What's the snow?
Anything that's got to do with the whole idea is that somebody is up there in the snow and
they need to go and find them.
You want to find me?
Yeah.
Oh, it's Rob Markie.
Look at that.
The dog is looking Rob Markie and I wish I was that dog.
Just kidding, Rob.
Okay, look at that.
There's Rob on his hands and knees crawling through the ice.
Wow.
Where's that other, where's that Akiya?
Oh, there he is.
Akiya?
No, that's Rob Markie.
That's their new thing it's seeing in their heart looking young guy, whether people now,
to attract the audience.
Well, they got me hooked.
So how do you like that?
You said a postcard in the last 92 years late.
I think somebody's probably doing a refund.
So you remember in the stamp collecting, huh?
No, that required some money.
Oh, not a lot.
Oh, what I know, seriously, that it was a kidy penny.
All the magazines that you'd buy, you'd buy all these different hobby magazines.
And like 5,000 stamps for a dollar 25.
Maybe you'd buy hobby magazines.
What do you mean by that?
Those cost money, too.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, I used to buy my magazines at Louis Susman's newsstand right across from number eight elementary school
and Rochester went to school.
Louis Susman, comic books, baseball cards.
Those are the days, baby.
The kids still go to like newsstands like that and buy that crap or not.
Yeah, well, there are more specific stores for what you're into.
Yeah, but yeah.
I heard about free stuff like that, right?
Exactly, like if you're in the comics, there's comic book stores.
And if you're into porn, oh, there's porn, oh, stores, you know.
Better not be.
Better not be, you know, porn or stores because the Lord's going to get pretty pissed off about that.
And he will smite those people, man.
They will be smitten.
So it is written.
And I eat.
Schmidt.
1320 people.
So let's see.
We need 77 votes, 77 in 52 minutes.
I feel a little bit giddy today.
I don't know.
Little gadget.
Well, this will get you giddy here.
And what's that?
If I can get it to play.
Okay.
One more.
I'm sure it's bad, Fanny.
One moment please.
On act correct, it's by Larry Williams.
All our operators are doing that.
I was fooling if you play that.
I'm not hearing it.
I don't hear a damn thing.
You hear it, Chris?
Give me a second.
Maybe my hearing is going bad.
Maybe I'm just seeing how I was playing.
Oh!
I can't believe it.
Oh!
I want to play the whole thing.
Oh, right.
It's that long.
So yeah.
I know.
I'm a minute 48.
One 57.
Oh!
I'm making that I hadn't duked back.
I'm out.
No one will rip it up.
No one will dance with any.
I got a brand new lover named Shaught Bat Bamble.
One day when I was given a thin and heart-breaking teller.
That's why I met Fanny.
And she said I love her.
I'm a trodder that I love her.
I never leave.
She put her on the rhyming.
Game of people.
She's my true to food.
I love the child so.
She walks me like a hound dog everywhere I go.
Whenever I'm a ron, I'm on my feet and you.
She might step on my blue suede.
She walks me like a hound dog.
I can't tell my heart adjust the overnight.
And I've got a teller that I started a fight.
Because I was dancing with no eludes.
I had the whole gym and then it's to the rescue.
Oh!
That fantasy, my heart's a sigh.
Shaught Bat Bamble is not so old-time.
And if we were married, I wouldn't be very here.
Now we so happy and I love her too.
Now we're the sky, the rain that's been coming out.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
She walks me like a hound dog everywhere I go.
Whenever I'm a ron, I'm on my feet and you.
She might step on my blue suede.
But when I'm working hard it's just the overnight.
And I've got a teller that I started a fight.
Because I was dancing with no eludes.
I had the mob gym then it to the first you
Oh, that man is my heart to die
You got the collar loving, it's just my soul home by
Sharp, that man at will I love a soul
I'll never let Sharp and Man it go
Oh, man that was better than sex, I'll tell you that right now
That was sensational, didn't you like that?
I've always liked that stuff
Not only was it a novelty record, but it also was a novelty record that had
the names of all these other hits, Tudy, Fruity and gym banding all
of that from that era, you know from like 50s?
Mm-hmm
Have you got a urinette, like 58?
I don't have a urinette
What a shame
I could look it up in my book
I'm going to send it to you so you can pod it, pod it up
I beg your pardon?
Put it in your pod
Oh I see, oh pod it up
I thought you said pod it up, pod it
You're the one who's always podding it up
Yeah
1335 on a pole, by the way, if there's any people out there that got a good supply, Georgia is interested
13 or 5?
You need to be 5 or 8 minutes
1?
Or a bad supply, I'm not kidding
Or even a bad, even a weak supply, okay?
Or air supply, don't be planning it up
Oh, don't do that, good
No, don't undo the good thing, you just did
Because the Lord said it is written in Exodus, man
It's in Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus and Deuteronomy
The glory of Williams will go to heaven with short-fat fanny
Ever to see anybody with a short-fat fanny?
Yes, I have to
From it it's after 1 and 5 and 60, that was one of the great moments
I mean we're coming up on 31 years, I've been on the year in this time and that right
There was one of the great audio moments in this video, short-fat freaking fanny
Oh my God
Exactly, 1,19 and 5 and 60, you have all the Bible thupbers all the time
In other words, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, like that, Bible says this and the Bible said it, yeah
Oh by the way, Bokeh Brian says that the Bible says that that was 1957
Oh, so the short-fat fanny, I think I said 58
So I was within one year which is always good enough for me
Larry Williams in short-fat fanny, put that one out, that was, oh my God, what that did for me
It should already have my brain, bigger part, it should already have it
Now where did you find that?
I have these
No, no, seriously, where did you find that?
I went out into the ether and snatched it
Okay, what have you been saying?
I downloaded it with lime wire
Don't be saying such crap
13, 14, 16 votes on a poll, I couldn't hear less where you got it
I'm just tickled to that thing you got it
54 more votes than we got 14, that would be a real feather in Christ's old, Davey Croc cat
And I coonskin cat
It's actually Adolphin's baseball hat
Is that what it is?
Oh boy, well how come fat people always wear caps like that? I don't wear a cap
No, I don't think it's so much of fat things that are losing your hair thing
Oh don't tell me you're also losing your hair, you're fat and you're getting bald
Why can't I relate to both of those?
No, he's not getting bald, he just did
Oh geez, well you know
Mid Romney, there's that Mormon candidate, he's got two chances not in much, much less than none
I got his good chance of getting looked at the Zee Scott
Mid Romney, who's talented and supported Gun Owners since launching his presidential campaign
Yesterday, he didn't become a member of the NRA until last August
Oh no, a former advocate of gun control
Romney during his 1994 run for his US Senate back measures
The gun rights groups opposed, such as a five day waiting period on gun sales and a ban on certain assault weapons
The former Massachusetts governor has been criticized for changing his positions to appeal to social conservatives
voting in Republican primaries
And a naturally broadcasted interview yesterday, he also had to explain the switch to a conservative stance on abortion
And why he once voted for Democrats and messages as primaries
He's all over the place
Spokesman Kevin Madden said Romney did not join the NRA just to court gun owners
Right, who are considered a force in Republican primary politics
Not to support those gun owners, no, God forbid
Just as recently as August
He joined the NRA because like millions of Americans, he supports the group's advocacy of the Second Amendment
And it's commitment to education programs, voting to sell a safe use of firearms by law-biting gun owners Madden said
Asked why Romney joined only a few months before declaring his candidacy, Madden said, I would argue not many Americans care when you join but why you join
And I think I've made that clear
Right, better be better boot, better be better
There you go
Another political horse
Yeah, but he's a Mormon, he's a man of the clothe
Yeah, the magic broth
Is that what it is, the magic broth, how about the magic underwear? That's what I mean
Oh, the little crucifix on the look out there
Careful how you sleep and I've made the magic underwear, sometime that friction makes God do really strange things to you
Or you're supposed to resist after that call-in
But that's correct
1350 on a poll we need 50 votes to 30 minutes, if we can't do that, I'm hanging it up
Right here and right now, would you agree?
Oh yeah
And let's take a bunch of calls too
Take them if you got it, or we don't have any
Well why would we, it's Monday, it's President's Day, we haven't even mentioned who do we leave out?
I think we mentioned all the Presidents, isn't we?
Harry Truman, did we mention him? Did we mention I?
Did we mention Dwight Eisenhower, huh?
We did not
We didn't mention Richard Nixon, we didn't mention John Kennedy, we didn't mention Gerald Ford
Oh my God, the most light-feuderal
Jimmy Carter, peanut man, Ronald Reagan, Bush 1, Bush 2, Bubba, now we're complete, now we mention him all
So now after we've done that, now Chris is going to give you the entire list of all the Presidents starting with George Washington right through GW
Here we go
Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, I'm sorry
Now are you serious when you see, we just joking around when you said Abe Lincoln after George Washington was like
Yeah, I don't know who you don't know from our order, so I was throwing out the ones that I knew on top of my head
Well who really cares, you know, I mean the fact that I memorized that in school 100 years ago
What does that really prove, and I still can't get the James Knox Poke, although I finally today got that down to a science
James Knox Poke was 11 right between John Tyler and Zachary Taylor
Okay
And Miller's film war was 13
In fact, John Tyler, number 10, remember the campaign slogan for William Henry Harrison,
Tippy Canoe and Tyler too
Yeah, whatever that means
Well, William Henry Harrison was Tippy Canoe, he was a little tipsy too, evidently
Anybody else is coming off to make his inaugural speech in the pouring rain to get pneumonia and die in a few days
Not too good, William Henry Harrison
Do you ever see pictures of him, I mean like drawings of him?
No, I mean I'm sure I have
Oh, he's a little giant guy in the funny looking
Yeah, I'm dead
WDQYM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hi, Dylan
Okay
Oh, Jayne O'Jews
How big your pardon?
Can you play the bit?
Oh Jayne O'Jews
No, no, that's not requested, maybe a holiday, but it's not done now
I'm not going to be able to pronounce it for knowing the name of it though
No, that's very good
They probably were some of the stations probably been stealing the bits
Just like somebody else did
Well, I've said it pretty slow on a phone here today, man
Frit-D, Frit-D, slow
1355, we need 45 oats and 36 minutes
We've got the 1400 liked
Man, that's a big number on a holiday, 1400
I think I should be able to take the rest of the week off, don't you?
No
WDQYM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I don't know if you don't think I'm a jerk or ask
Can you one of those, what's your take questions?
What, W?
I heard this guy on the radio down here, 850, savage, savage nation
Not see, no, I don't hear him, I don't listen to him
Oh yeah, he's definitely right winged not to the boy
He's been pushed, fast-bushed, you know, pushed, fast-bushed
Well, so what is that through?
Why would you listen to somebody on the radio who's a Nazi?
Who's a hateful right wing lunatic?
Click, oh there he goes
That was a good conversation
See, that's the capacity and most South Floridaians have a conversation
Not that we were disagreeing or anything, but just he's trying to give a little bit of point there on 850, savage
Nobody wants to hear that crap, that's probably his producer
Hey, let me tell you Steve Lapa, the number of people listening to your radio station in Dayton-Barrard County
You could go to the phone booth and have room for Chris's ass left over
How do you like that?
That's really a lot, a lot of room left over
You're gonna hop in that booth, Chris?
Sure, squeeze right on in there
Oh, but Bill O'Rally is on that station and what's his name, who knows what they got on there
He said like the enormous can't tell me a long time ago
Steve Lapa, everything he touched in turns to crap
He's got the Midas Touch and Reverse
WQA Am Hello
Hi, I want to speak to Bill
Speaking
Did something happen?
Sounds like me, yes
I wanted to ask about your slam time, the whole thing with Kim Hardaway, because it's trying to be crazy, lippin' into the sports line
Where everybody's descending came on, what came out of his mouth
Yeah, well what do you expect from a bunch of morons who are sports nerds, okay?
Any jock no matter what they say, even OJ, kill two people, no matter what any jock does, there's a defense for it, don't you understand?
Yeah, but it's amazing, it's these apologies of well, he's a good spirit, and he's a good guy, and yet he had an opportunity to clean up what he had to say
And he went even beyond that, he had such a good comment
And now I hear he's making his name off of the front of his...
Car wash, yes
So people won't identify with him
What happens to somebody like this now? I mean does he make...
Let me ask you this question, listen to me, what differences do you make, what happens to him?
He's an idiot, he's a bigot, he came out and he expressed his bigotry, he's a moron, so what differences do you make, what happens to him?
Well, not him individually, but it just seems that now what happens with the American S&W is that you screw up, you make some kind of unhark self-apology
And people seemingly forgive you and say, see he apologized, he's okay now, but how do you apologize?
The people you're talking about, the sports nerds, if he would have done a dump on their desk, they would have said, that was the best smell and dump I've ever smelled of my life
Don't you understand? Consider the source sir and calm down and have a great day
Wow, this is pretty exciting
Thanks to whoever faxed this and I asked this, to the two main satellite radio providers, XM satellite radio holdings and serious
Our respected one ounce along awaited merger today, according to the New York Post
How do you like them apples, huh? How do you like them fried green tomatoes?
The newspaper said the two companies were negotiating over the weekend, the merger of companies is he lots expected to be structured as a merger of equals
Representatives of the companies can be immediately reaffircum, so XM and Syrians are going to get serious
Why does anybody care about what happens to Tim Hardaway? If he makes $50 million, if he makes $50, I really don't give a crap
And the people who are offended by what he said, they're already doing what they should be doing, that is their boycotting his business, their demonstrating, their protesting, and their pissed off and they can do whatever they want to do
He had a right to open up his stupid mouth and they got a right to be pissed off about it and that's where it goes
But the people on the air that this guy's talking about, you know, and it's no surprise, we know where they're coming from
Oh, he was a basketball player, he was a star, and like Geldy was saying this morning, oh well he hates a lot of things
So when he says he hates gay people, it's not a big deal, because he hates everybody
That's going Geldy, he's a simple idiot
He's a huge idiot
I broke in through her bedroom window, and finally I am to dip my wig
Oh my god
What I did I knew was Grimble, but that ain't nothing new, if you play for the fish
Absolutely
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me
That another bitch was someone else's wife
A certain husband was me, and he was in
And I found out when he changed me with a knife
Why didn't that bitch tell me
It was too dark to see
She'd be in bed with her husband
And that's Geldy
Not a bitch, he don't bail me now
Our poor Cecil Collins baby, back when that was going on
Every single one of these joke episodes, people on the air including on this station
He was just trying to get a look, he was just trying to get a look
That's right, so in other words, all your people out there
If somebody breaks in your bedroom window at night, don't get all panicky, don't call the police
Don't get out that pan, don't get all of them
They're just looking around
It's like when you go into a story, you don't want them to come up to you and say can I help you find something
Oh, just looking, maybe they just wanted to bring you a goose
Yeah, a Christmas goose or whatever the hell it might have been, whatever it was
This is the jock fraternity baby, don't you understand? And you're never ever going to break through, it's never going to change
Actor Ray Leoto was arrested on suspicious of DUI
Walk solid
After crashing his car to two-part vehicles in Pacific Palisades Authority said
It's got a picture of him here, looks like he got his it's all straight enough
Leoto 52 was taken to custody just before 8.30pm Saturday
And booked on a Mr. Miner DUI charge LA police spokesman Mike Lopez said
I wonder if he's kind of Hector Lopez used to play for the Yankees
Or Trinny Lopez who's saying if I had a hammer, remember that?
Yes
I preferred Peter Paul and Mary myself
He was released after posting 15 grand bail, ordered to appear in court next month
Lopez said no one was injured in the collision, Leoto was alone in his car
There we go, Trinny Lopez, I can tell by that funky guitar
Sorry, Peter Paul and Mary Lopez said
There we go, that's a bit left out though
Oh no, wait I do too much noise down, I like crap
I like crap
They did it first, you know
They did it
What do you mean they did it? Peter Paul and Mary?
Yes
Well of course they did
A message left in the office of Leoto's publicist, Matt Leibov was not immediately returned
Leoto stars with Tim Allen and John Reveult in the Buddy Comedy
Wildhog said for release March 2nd, Wildhog
Great
There you go, well I could happen to the best of us, you know little D1 action there for Reveult
It's probably the Chris of those zits coming back to Haunham
1370-3-0 son of a pull, gay people are born that way, 654
Are fine with me, 339
Choose that life 97, oh we got it down to 7%
Aren't you proud of me?
We got it down to an even 7%
Gay people looked him hard away 80
In fact I probably have his car washed right now, they're probably washing it off
I hate this pull 46, 3.3%
Gay people want me 46
They're chasing me all over the place
Right
Gay people are all famous 42
Wish they were straight 26
Are easy to spot 24 and scare me man
They are a scary, not a scary Assiso Collins but almost 19
The biggest name, the best talent in this is Leo Rogers
Force Radio 560
You a.l.
Bill Rogers, huh?
We singled you out cause you look like a tree
With eyes that fall down and the nose that can be
Don't want any viewers to go
But you won't hit the end of the show
Cause you're dorky and you're fat
You wanna live, this is your big chance
But everyone laughs and you're gigantic pants
You say your voice is a total train wreck
And then we make fun of your pretty face
Laughing at you is kind of sad
Cause you have a bad face, you're a little bit slow
Weirdo like you make this the number one show
Randy has a blank stare, Simon's an actual face
It's more alive to you to drive ballin' and drink
You have a bad face, the camera don't lie
You're on a freak show called American Idol
You have a bad face
You have a bad face
Maybe that's what happened with Ray Leota
He looked in the mirror and said he had an all-in-zit
He has a bad face, he started like freaking up a little bit
Hey, it was his choice
What have a bad face to drink?
Have all-in-zits, he's a zip-head man
Oh I know
1382 on a pool, we're like on a verge of 1400
We have 17 minutes for 18 votes, should be able to do it
Come on, you folks better lean out
And now if we fall a little bit short
That's gonna be a real poke in our eye
Are they gonna be?
I'm leanin'
1384, on Presidents Day
Man, that short-fat fanny by Larry Williams
That just sent me free, you know what?
Well good, I got a whole new altitude about life right now
Not, you know
Even more than if I had a hammer
I mean, it's a good song, but I can take it, I leave it
You're putting that in the same category
It's a novelty record
The folk song
Right, it's a novelty record, the short-fat fanny
How do you, how do you put a novelty record in there, you know
What came up under a hammer?
Yeah, there you go
US officials tell the New York Times that mounting evidence indicates
that Osama bin Laden and his al-Qaeda deputies are building an operations hub in Pakistan
Senior leaders of al-Qaeda operating from Pakistan have reestablished significant control over their once-battered worldwide terror network
And over the past year, set up a band of training camps in the travel regions near the Afghan border
According to US intelligence and counterterrorism officials
The paper reports that US officials said there was mounting evidence
Mounting evidence, I guess that's the outlet to Tom Brady's ex-ro friends is pregnant
I guess that would also be mounting evidence
There was mounting evidence that Osama bin Laden and his deputy, I'm in the parliament, Al-Zawahiri, have been steadily building an operations hub in the mountainous
Pakistani travel area of North-Wasiristan
The US has identified several new al-Qaeda compounds in North-Wasiristan
Officials said that both US and foreign intelligence services have collected evidence
Leading them to conclude at least one of the camps in Pakistan might be training operatives capable of striking western targets
Oh my god
Okay, one thing about W. Manning's done a hell of a job of getting I'm in the parliament in Osama, Yamaman, all these guys, all of this
All of these things
I'm a job and of course don't forget Mullah Bula Omar
And the public is like, what's that guy doing with British haircuts? He doesn't look so good no more
She ain't looked good for a long time
Tainted good
Tainted
Tainted love
WQYM, hello
Not there, but that was going to be one of our really great calls too I could smell it
1386, I bet if I refresh it we got 13, oh I don't know, 87
1380, like I said 1386
And in 14 votes in 15 minutes could be a real nail by today on a holiday
And then you got that message out there on the A36, did you see that? Were you watching CNN?
No
Now, what's the latest from the QM newsroom?
The latest about what?
You know when you told me that business about clearance, how long ago did that happen?
Remember when I went in there and had my screening tirade about things?
Well, I thought that long ago
No, this was less than a month ago
And his comeback was that
If I can give you some programming tips
And you didn't kick him in the face?
If he can give you some programming tips? No, I don't think so
This show is all funny
What do you mean by that?
I got it, I got it
I didn't kick him in the face because I got to kick out of it
You should have kicked his ass
This is a simple thing man, this is an idiot, he wouldn't know
He knows about talk radio, you could put in a fumble
And have room for his brain left over
We're saying it's going to take up a lot of room
That is remarkable, I thought maybe this was like years ago
No, he just got through telling you this last month
That you should have talked about for a little bit ago
Yeah
And when what did you say to him?
What was your rejoinder?
What was your response?
I don't know, I would have said
I said I've heard that before
But I also get many more people
Saying, you know, emails, taxes, and collars saying
That it's great keep on going
That nobody else is saying this and somebody needs to
Since when does the program director on this radio station tell anybody who's doing this show
What we're going to talk about
He didn't say that way, it was just a
You know, it was just a lot
Program director feedback
If you will, I don't know exactly how he put it
But you know, constructive criticism I think is the word he used
Hey Clarence, I got some constructive criticism for you
And all your nerdy sports guests
With the same repetitive crap that you keep voicing upon to people on this station
Over and over and over again
That's my feedback
I mean, it actually disappointed that he didn't have more problems with the show that I do
Considering
What do you mean by that?
Well, because everything that he likes really sucks in the ratings
So I was hoping that if he dislikes everything that I do then I must have a really great show going
You know something, I'm very seldom in my life
Have I been speechless?
This leaves me just limp
I'm serious, I just can't believe it
And I also can't believe that you that much of a worst that you stood there and you listen
I'm not going to change anything
It's simply my idea
It's simply an idiot that's cymbaled in
I mean, God's so good
It's like when I came back from vacation
Whatever dollar was, last Monday
Yeah
And I was at Chris, was he, he asked if I had a good time in Berlin or whatever the hell of the audience
Yeah, that didn't mean
And he said, no, he's not really, and he said that he blame us for that too
That would be correct
See this goes back to what I've been talking about for a long time and that is this adversarial relationship that we have with this radio station
You know, they like having those big numbers there in the middle of the day
To pull up everybody by the bootstraps, they like all the billing that those numbers attract
But they don't like the fact that we're not going to continue doing the same garbage that they want to do all day
Right
No, long time ago he did ask me if I
If he wanted to a sports show, I wanted if I had the ability and I said neither the ability nor the desire
If you had the ability to do what? Talk sports
On this show?
Well, obviously
Yeah
And I said I don't have the ability or the desire
It's like ratings, my bonus is based on ratings
Maybe he wanted George to fill in on the weekend
Yeah, that would
If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now I'm kicking teeth in
How's Alex better doing by the way? He's still on this serious?
I guess
So serious the next time we're going to merge that's big news and then they got that big record there in the 36
And Brittany had her hair cut and people are dying in Baghdad
1392 I think we'll make our 1400 day
I think it's safe to assume 1394
We need only six and ten minutes
Should be able to handle that
Gay people are born that way
663 almost half the audience is first vacations enough to know that
47.5% are fine with me 346
Well, thank you so very much 25%
Choose that life 7% 98
We got it down from 7.2
7.2 all day long now it's down to 7%
Republicans right wing
Bigots Bible Thumpers
Well the Bible says the Bible says
Let me say it again
Take your Bible and wife with it okay
Very carefully because that print always comes off bad like wiping with the herald
Gay people looked him hard away 82
I hate this pull 47.3.3%
Gay people want me
They're chasing me up and down the streets
Up and out all through the mall through the food court
Everywhere I go in the tea room
Gay people want me 46 and like you said
Switchful thinking guaranteed
Gay people are all flavors 42
Where's they were straight 26
Are easy to spot 25 and scare the living be Jesus out of me 19
See what we got 1397
We need only three more votes
We could do that. WDQ I am hello
Hey, I'm going on
Yes sir. How you doing?
Hey, every station you're on you have a problem with you need to chill out
Yeah, how long have I been on this station?
Too long
Yeah, okay. Bye
What he's right about that. Yeah
Deputy Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Guys this Rogers
Yeah, this is Rogers. Who's this?
You just start with that, forget it
You see how you are
All right, we got a really good ending to this. That's what happens when you work on president say not a good day to be doing much work
Well if you're gonna start with that crap in other words, I got to tell him who I am but who'd L.O.C
Well if you're gonna start with that crap screw you
See that on president say they're silly and self-forwarding they may not be good
They may not be friendly. They may not be whatever loving and kind and decent, but they sure are consistent
I don't think I'm ever gonna get over that thing you told me about clearance
That's just it just shocks me to the foundation for conversations
Remember a while back when there was an episode between Joe Castello and in Bo Griffin
Yeah, and I had a book of Brian do a couple bits and I told the whole story on the air and everything
Yeah, well I got a talk into about that really and my defense was
We on the Neil Rogers show whether or not Neil is here make a point to give the audience what they want
They tell give me love the scoop love this kind of stuff
Inter dirty laundry especially when when it's basically harmless when it has something to do with Joe Castello
Spitting a chunk of olive into a boat Griffin's cleavage. I mean, what's funnier than that?
It was hysterical and and Ken Maulden had to intercede before she throttled Joe Castello
That was all very funny and and I was getting a talking to so I was my defense was we give the audience what they want
You know, I would say next time very easy solution. Okay next time he starts this with you
I worried
Three and racial they are religions there within yours.
I religion's better than yours, religion's better than yours.
But we like about invest, I found for boys to wear a dress.
I religion's better than yours.
Why religion did it not have a good religion?
Why religion is better than yours?
We have no respect for women, driver cap to make a living by religion better than yours.
My religion's better than yours, religion's better than yours.
Chupa hapura, spooky ghost, we slatter, take them dogs and ghosts.
My religion's better than yours.
Why religion's better than yours?
Why religion's better than yours?
We're opinions and we can never ever pay the bill.
Why religion's better than yours?
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We're not endorsed by father.
You like polar brushes.
You are new.
Why religion's better than yours?
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and gets you married lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brain for mindless living, comfort rate.
My religion's better than yours.
Bye bye bye!
When it comes to sports.
Glow away night, glow away night, stand by.
We feel like a poor baby.
420560 WQA land, Miami, Fort Market.
Las Vegas, Vegas, and John Behran South.
