Friday you bastard general tapes rolling
all right recruitment those just five number one don't ask don't tell
rescinded
hmm hello I'm general time in Frank's I've been ordered asked to talk to you
about the army you may have heard people saying that the army doesn't like
gates you may also hear people say that people who don't like gays or gave
themselves the army's not gay
just because it's countless young men living in close quarters and showering
anyway to prove it the army's got brand new gay incentive programs we got
your gucky good she general gookie uniform
skurki Lewis button you don't rhymes with the talk
backpacks anyway the chief wants me to assure you that if you join the army
you won't be in the kitchen you'll be right on the front lines I mean right
on the front front front lines we want every one of you to join up and be
right there on the front lines thank you Uncle Sam wants you don't ask don't
tell us been rescinded sign up for the new GUI bill in the army will pay for
cooking school America it's time for today and be an army of
fun
it's a 10 or 2 or 5 sixty boy I'm gonna tell you something I can get used to
that scat you like we have yesterday oh yeah you'll fast huh what about you
yeah actually want to put the winning day I'm at a big comeback it would
be something that anybody should care about that my comment is but nevertheless
was losing on those dollar machines but those are soccer machines a dollar
wheel fortune and maybe all the dollar machines and I went into five dollar
room the high the high roller room and there was Alex Trebekah there with
high rollers did you know he was on that show you said he was sued but anyway
and I went to the five dollar wheel fortune machine and I did it around a
little bit and I got to spend 2500 bucks so I want a grander man out the door
he won't grant oh he's got a bad gambling problem at Neil that's what I
heard yeah what is all this stuff about that starbucks I printed it
so that's the promise that you promised me about an hour and a half ago I
were sent along and I got distracted if anybody wonders what that sound is
it's the self-ful of cheer you've heard of the Bronx cheer there's the self-ful of
cheer I have an ice-y day yeah happy always your mama like that
is this something I can just jump right into here coffee house giant starbucks
a standing by his campaign to put thought provoking messages on this coffee
cuffs despite a national uproar and threat of boycott over message some
fellow was anti god oh I've heard of anti-neil but never anti-god how about
anti- feel good that too controversy erupted this week after a customer became
steamed reading a quote that said why in moments of crisis do we ask God for
strength and help as cognitive beings why would we ask something that may well
be a figment of our imagination for guidance one of search inside ourselves for
the power to overcome after all we're strong enough to cause most of the
catastrophes we need to endure the quote was written by bill shall a starbucks
customer from London Ontario Canada hey have a great weekend bill a it was
included as part of starbucks the way I see a campaign to collect different
few points and for discussion a story posted Sunday afternoon publicizing
cup became a hot topic on national radio shows this week including Rush Limbaugh
and the obnoxious right wing self-hating dachlor angry ham I got a good
ban coder story in here to the met speaking of right wing self-hating dikes one
reader can pick a Blakeland photo since purchased a coffee with another message
he felt was assigned against his Christian faith and snapped a photo of it but I
can't I can't read it can you read it no I can't read it it's got a picture of
it blurry he wasn't thrilled when he purchased a starbucks oh here it is it
actually says well thank you for printing it out in the story heaven is totally
overrated it seems boring clouds listen to people play the harp we don't want
a harp on it I guess how's harpo doing it should be somewhere you can't wait
to go like a luxury hotel maybe blue skies and soft music were enough to keep
people in line in the 17th century but heaven has to step it up a bit they're
better like that yeah they're basically getting by because they only have to
be better than hell Joel Stein comments for the early times wrote that in
some other coffee cups there's absolutely no reason to put that on a cup pack
told WND what is WND is that this site I don't know what WND is do you know
what it is I'm afraid I don't I don't know it he told somebody from a
market standpoint it blows me away he says I don't put a picture Christ on my
business card pecs says the issues cut energized him to push for a boycott a
starbucks in favor of the local coffee houses in Polk County Florida maybe
Polk Salad and he'll be in there and poke somebody poke this man yeah everyone
I've shown the cup to has been flabbergasted whether they have a face faith in
Christ or not he said Seattle based Starbucks meanwhile is making no apologies
about the guy related messages no it's campaign we're committed to the
program Starbucks communications manager Trisha Moriardi told WND noting that
quotes about matters of faith make up only a small fraction of the printed
quips we covered topics such as theater film the environment
food and sports the cops are not pro or anti-religion per se when I
asked if there was any scenario I sure like that let's play that until two o'clock
I love it I guarantee the powers that we would like that a lot better than
what I'm gonna say today after I give that very jackass calm now these people
are just in total denial but nevertheless they are as cool as is the day is
long and I don't want to get started now because once I get started I'll
miss the break and miss everything I can get a little whipped I can get myself a
little whipped up about them and about what they're doing to this place but then
again very jackass you know they're younger over there across the street and
they're hip-roar and they're younger it's the same crap like I told you the other
day when they had that one funny month a couple years ago with 18 to 34 men
and they had a few wired diaries oh this is gonna be our demographic this is where
we're gonna really excel and then of course the following month they all
disappeared because there was a bunch of wired diaries it was phony see I know a
little bit something about ratings in the way they work believe me trust me I've
been doing this for about 600 years very jackass and they'll have those only
one thing and that is the suck heavy duty ass of the people across the street
because they have incestuous relationship in addition to which he doesn't even
realize he's too stupid to realize just like most of the people in this building are
too stupid to realize we don't compete with them on this show up we don't give
a crap about them we're gonna compete with that loud mouth in the York piece of
turd that we don't do a sports show our competition is rush speaking a loud
mouth pieces of turd and uh... scare America that's it we do a talk show here
not a stupid ass sports show anyway when asked if there was any scenario that
would prompt the company to move a certain comforts campaign she says she
couldn't come out on a hypothetical situation saying certainly we have no plans
to remove any of them I say you go star box good for you I'm going this weekend
and she provided the wnd with a couple messages that can be viewed as pro
god and there was always a good and god dang it stuff like that
all i'm gonna i'm gonna tell you something and once i get going today you're
gonna have to like uh... semi-sum doggy dollars
because it's just amazing to me this stupidity just it's in the year everywhere
with this outfit
and all this balloon all their younger and their hip are where we're going to
send crap three years ago what happened with them okay they get a bogus
month right away here's a big story about the ticket that they all this other
crap yeah they suck
and and and and the many most of the stuff we put on the air starts to you know
me a lot of people who don't belong on here but that's the nature of the
market it's a bush league town with a lot of bush league management and bush
league uh... operators who think that there were there are broadcasters
that broadcast is
like when you mark that is a broadcast is and put squeaky voice people on the
air to see how how much can the audience endure
and of course there's us who like we we operate in a vacuum
the like living your life in the city can you
you're going to have too much uh...
that that that that that that's what the outer world when you live in the
like looking at life of the dumpster
okay
like that that that almost squashed by that uh...
that chopper machine
i'm not a garbage compact
here's a fact from uh... to make them on sinclair
very nice nice way to start the day
do you like it
no that is what i was looking for was more for like uh...
for him
says the contents of your show beyond supreme entertainment i would agree
sinclair
beyond supreme that's how good this show is that's why i'm legendary
that's why i'm still here after a hundred years in a market that just
absolutely is impossible
you'll see here's an example
uh... he says i'm extremely disappointed that i'm unable to experience the
show it's true format because of joys in the fcc
but i wish you the best for two hundred more years of the arrived at show
along a thank you both
and the man behind the scenes chicken neck
for the great entertainment bedtime stories
in fact i think that's chicken neck
who makes some of those sounds that we're going to be hearing a lot of so
what
please keep up the fight
joys and you'll stay healthy for all this thank you to make them on sinclair
you to best my
oh wonder that is a whole lot of
bestest with the testies
anyway we're gonna make a thousand votes easy on a poll later christian just
relax and stuff your face with fattening food i'm not going to tell you i
have ice cream yesterday i'm just a total flop on this may think well i may do
it i may not well i have a deal you just a day so it's not so you had jelly
belly no just the regular kind
yeah i got i got fat belly is what i got all the way at a good time it would buy
mine and boy when you go in there and get that spin for twenty and you know
it if you ever played real fortune all that's right you ask me no i don't know
i play this i did this when you get a spin you know which of course a lot of
people think that's where it's at and sometimes it's the fight on the
machine that's definitely where it's at
to a greater step
but anyway when you get a spin like on the dollar machine there's four hundred
five hundred and a thousand those are the three
spins that if they're coming up when the win since all program the head of
time when the spin comes up and the computer already knows what it's going to
pay you the rest is just a dog and pony show to get you all excited oh come on
thousand thousand come on
but anyway when it gets to four hundred five hundred thousand when we'll get
about three or four spaces away from the the number
the audio is programmed to go
uh... you can they start
yet and so you know what's going to start on my final machine i hit the
thing it gets about three or four to the right of twenty five hundred
nine
and i thought right
and i thought
right
just like that
and i turned around and i looked at that place i took my twenty five hundred
dollar ticket and i went
and i ran out of their man
as fast as i could
it's got a campaign problem it's got a campaign problem that right yeah
yeah i got a problem all right
it's called this market it's called working for people that are clueless
they're doing it would be like
people opening up a restaurant and then
lining up a bunch of shoes in the window you know
this issue storage is a shoe shine stand no but we don't know what the
we know how to do it and we just don't know how to put our best not only
only put our best foot forward we don't put any foot forward in this place we
put our feet in our back that's right
but i'm going to i am going to go now today and it's about time
from overdo i'm not holding back
lean i call or can't last night i said if joebell calls you
but this is exactly what i told him about renewing the deal
that's what the time hey joe listen
get lost
no chance with these grave robbers with these lunatics
from it's after ten to five sixty-one hundred before we do the break who's the
most obsessed that was yesterday's poll twelve hundred and forty votes
Cuban-Americans of up in El Castro five hundred and seventy four
we only had an hour and a half show so i guess we did okay
new yorkers about anything with new york loud obnoxious disgusting
up to a sixteen
jews about israel hundred ninety one
new yorkers obsessed about breede quince all i pass blue dot's was he like it
was dead
the arugula obsessed about breede quince you better believe i'm a hundred
thirteen man what i would do to him i can't even begin to think of that that's
all seen it would be
blue dot's illegal immigration seventy four rich or well in skate about the
clinton's forty one game and a judy garland twenty
you're fair and milgipson about the jews nineteen boy
jews are all over that pool
like stink on june a joys juice
juice think on the juice on the other we do have a thing that are all here's one
more thing yeah last night i'm checking our my space uh... page and uh... the
show page here's a thing from a guy named david about thirty six whatever on
a motorcycle
and he says
uh... near your web page is so boring uh... why are you know i know you can't
put the naked pictures anymore but can't you like spiced it up a little bit
you want me to answer that one no
i blocked him i do you know and i
and even though he can't wouldn't hear it i basically give my message last night
uh...
up yours man you know i actually did i did send a message but i didn't send it
i i wrote it is by just deleted him by waste of time i said that
here's a great concept if you don't like it don't look at it right
smock
but it's part of the south for it's part of the whole ambiance you know we don't
like it we don't like it we're pissed off
and i
it was ten thirteen five sixty and a few and what's on the agenda they are
can't even uh... her it is
we got the go all over the schedule later on to the press now that looked at
this
that's what Friday you
best
uh...
coming next summer spider man four
spider joins forces with steven hawk
and
i will save you
what
that's going to leave them are
what
spider man four with steven hawk
voice translators and group cops for the first fifty
and
that was like how i wrote my flipper
but
well there's a good story for a south Florida car punches and a swimming pool
for the other day also see an hour right now
again we don't have a lot of details that video handing over but it's in
the appearance of cap there just for good measure
uh... but you can uh... pretty much put together
when i come here this uh...
vehicle and i have a little bit that you can see it there
appears busted through that fence and red bustle all the board can you
shall separate the years we don't know
uh... again many details about this one to stand for more filly that
the helicopter is actually on the way somewhere else and just spot it this
well that's pretty same is the current swimming pool all right
big deal you know what i have to say about a car in the swimming pool in
davi
in fact that's what i have to say to joebell
and uh... and the joys
and the bush easily and anybody else who know i can include that guy
seat one thing about me
you know that whole my space thing it can be a lot of fun and there's a
wonderful people on there in yada yada
but when when uh... people
want to send
negative messages just like that sound that i keep playing sure
uh... like
and they want to do it on your my space i just delete them i i don't have time in my
life to be that it's not that enough we get to craft here on the phone we get it
on the facts machine but to think that i'm going to use my computer to read
messages of hostility screw off you know get lost you don't like the show go away
you don't like the uh... website go away you don't like the my space page take a
hike
take a good dump okay stick your foot deep inside your
in the life your ass off
and
that too
i just i have no time for that
anyway so very jackass being on about to get this uh... cranked up here hey
very
after less than three years on the air very right in fact the headline is the
ticket passes wq a m
wow
they got a book they got a month actually is what they got we beat him in
february we beat him in march and of course work
let me just before i go into buries calm i want to backtrack a little bit and
give a little recent history
maybe not that recent but in the last year or two
now christ i don't know if christ was listening when this was going on but
dan el bastard in his blog at the herald he started a little contest between
the two stations which which you know it was a very contrived and of course
they were controlling it he was on the inside he works over there so you know
us they had the inside deal on it and they would be executives over there all
sitting in the memo's out of which we got copies and read on the air all
we're running this contest with q a m be sure in you and everybody you know
and everybody in the phone book votes uh... thousand times for the ticket
and it was the uh... what station you like better and you like uh... manage
better or uh... this one or that one at the booster uh... the bastard or
hanker and and and so they
see this award it's called compete compete
c-o-n-p-e-t-e-e-p whoo what it means
see i'm a believer in having if you have good competition it makes you
better i'm never been scared of competition whether was rush whether was
secure america but and they put everybody uh... near uh... throw everything
but the kitchen sink in the over the years and all the different stations and
if you're going to be scared of competition you know belong in the business
and so was the q-m reaction to the banister's blog thing with the contest
between or just ignore it just ignore it and so i was going to sit back and watch
them pulverize us while they're promoting hell out of it over there
and so thanks to our friend Eric up in Orlando and thanks to our audience out
there we uh... clobberton pretty good we we meet him we made a comeback actually
they had a head start because they were all promoting it and we did it without any
assistance from anybody else on the air on the station because clearance
who is he's the evil doer i'm telling you right now he is the evil doer
i mean judges the evil doer nipples but i'm talking about inside the building
he's the one needs to be taken out and put right with that car in about of that
pool and held down there a long time several hours
although i don't respond to them all i'm sure he didn't make that decision because
he couldn't decide which hand a wife is asked with i'm sure that management
decided all will do we don't want to respond to them we don't want to bring
attention to them but you know
i would have a nice if they'd had about eighty-zillion votes and our people
had nothing
would you know
compete that's what i'm saying compete don't just sit back and assume see
this is a problem in this radio station they think they can assume their way
through the rest of their existence
all with a sport station as if of course is if that format is viable anymore
which it's not but assuming that it was where the sport station we've been
not sport station for seven genius whatever you know
they don't promote they don't compete they don't do anything they're just
they're they're like in a vegetative state
Florida a vegetative state which sounds like
millions of people need a lot of season to hear that
like that and also like
it's a good idea
anyway here's what very jackass right i just bring that up because it's a classic
example of the way the passive way that this outfit just kind of like sits
back and also they went out and got the dolphins well you know something if you
want to spend a lot of the money you can go out and get anything what what is
that going to do for it
and the guy with a voice that sounds like john facenda who does all these
stintorian the whole model you know all all these things like
the biggest name that coming's got a great voice and those are very impressive a
few times but not again to be annoying you know
and let me say this here other than the people who already listen to the radio
station who else knows that we got the dolphins now
you see what i'm saying our votes and instruments going out to people tap
them on the shoulder who don't listen to qa and don't know that we got this
show on the air for example in midday what do you know that's right what
could i possibly know and i got news for a man i i got this huge pile of stuff
including that encoder story and uh... bush and chainy curley a high crimes
all this other crack got a million things on here and you know what i mean
they're even get to them today jizzo stop don't
don't what don't keep going the way you're going here
why not i'm kidding i'm being sarcastic are you start with the clean inner
bomb moments again all you should he's not bad enough i got your city of cc
i guess i got little georgia in there i don't do this and don't get that
go say anything interesting well let me say one thing to you okay
let's crank it up
as loud as i can how do you like that that's my response to this morning mister
anyway the very jackass rights the ticket passes wqa m now because you know
here's jolly joe calls me up last friday we can go today well what do you think
you what do you think we ought to do uh... yeah i think you have a copy of
bathtub and pull a plug that's what i think you ought to do
after less than three years on the year right very seven i did a ticket is
accomplished with some thought it wouldn't happen so soon if at all it beat
longtime sports radio king wq and the ratings
didn't beat the queen though and they keep doing this thing with the quim you know
i and the history of my life i have never seen anybody write an article about
radio in this market where they talked about the quim
all of a sudden that that's their like i said everybody finds a story in the
waiting book that's their story that's really first the reason they got the big
quim was joe rose for christ's
anyway during the ratings book covering jane we're eleven three full four
and amazingly in various columnars got all the same numbers i gave on here because i
don't make them up and we don't lie about them on this show the ticket which has a
business relationship with the mimey hero business partnership no kidding
burry you got your head so far up there at your ass it's coming up their eyeballs
do more listeners than wq and nearly every day part in the key
demographic group for sports talk radio among men ages twenty five to fifty
four the ticket finished fifteen to the market with the two point each year
and quim was eighteen to the two five breaking down the key races all in the key
men twenty five to fifty four demo group and he goes on to list i mean do i
want to read all these have it we've already been you know i guess i will so i'll
do the break i'll read it all and you'll discover what those numbers sound
just like the one you'll give out the other day
because we don't fudge with the numbers we may fudge with fudge brown
especially another we got the dolphin back because she still there does anybody know
i've no idea now Chris are you there anymore she's not there anymore well
Sabin uh the Sabin regime got rid of her oh the Sabin regime well there was a classy guy
the biggest name he's got forcing us this
calum and your official home for Miami dolphins
oh my god
best of all way we spoke some
dashes into the episode
what radio five sixty two a.m.
Friday you bastard
galvie galvie talking on a sports show
trying to be my show your voice sounds just like a seven year old girl
absolutely a little sports host you what else are you there for galvie
no galvie talking like a baby
we need a little training like and you understand you don't sound like a man
we move the rubber bands that choke your scrolls come
galvie galvie galvie
galvie your lucky management don't care because galvie you don't belong there on the air
and galvie the sports can wait till your voice cracks
cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job and they should only take you back when both your babies drop
galvie galvie when you don't grow up you make us want to throw up
some silly squeaky blue go to broadcasting school your free you best
employees make you sound like a plus
you're a hot absolutely you're a hot
don't get me started now here's the schedule for today that's why I played that
galvie from two to four this afternoon no mad dog today we got galvie you
know why he's on two to four this afternoon because he's clearance is boyfriend that's why
clearance and his boyfriend that's basically now how long have I been screaming about that yelling
and and that's why I don't know bell calls me last Friday and I said to him I said for a year
and a half I've been screaming about all these things like oh but a beep but a boop but a boop but a boop
wow then we got the power hour with Hank four to five we got seven tanks to oxygen to see if
we can't resist that Hank five to six thirty it's the hump or solo although he's solo four to six
thirty I mean why do they even have that on the schedule this is a program director make believe
PD you can't even make a schedule alright there's no mad dog today so there's no freaking power hour
there's Hank four to six thirty that's the schedule like the ballgame yesterday we had a raise
holy hell we had to get a freaking search party in a flash light in a compass so parents could
figure out the game was it new yesterday you cycled in clearance you fare exactly I have one
thing to say to him then we got marlin's on deck at six thirty marlin's have washed into play the
nets at seven oh five as in hung like a net and then gain it with any K following the ballgame
okay let's take a look at today's pool and then I'll go back to this very jackass thing which
I may spend the whole four hours on it or I just I just might do it because I'm just all
whipped up it just pisses me off I mean the the people who operate this place do they really
want to compete or they just really that's stupid say I know I put a big smile on your face I'm
just I'm just a big spit my bacon up no yeah good oh my god that'll teach you God is punishing
you man God is punishing you for your evil hostile nasty hateful ways and for getting on that rubber
racked in the first place you'll be sorry I know all right let's take one of these pool looks here okay
whatever that means 840 votes we got a thousand like Chris you can just relax just sit back
and inhale some oxygen there's no calories no carbs I ate ice cream yesterday and you know
what I don't really care if anybody doesn't like it too bad just like am I going to wood buy it he's
got a gambling problem that Rogers right oh brother what's the source for most of your porn
or what passes for it pornography oh not nude people doing all those things 840 votes the
internet 539 far and away 64% say the internet how do you like that oh now what is Norman
Kensei this could get the serious admits it's employees told receiver makers to flout the FCC's
interference rules Norma says this could get them jail time I wonder if the president of
series is going to be on so that guy can see him again the sat cash to serious admits serious
personal requested manufacturers to produce serious radios that were not consistent with the FCC's
rules they're not disclosing which employers with the culprits are high in the chain to command
it goes series is also it's not saying if any of those employees have been fired how do you like
and they're paying their executive's it is dollars they're losing money they're just
hemorrhaging money but nevertheless we don't care about them although I would like them to be
around and you know a year and a half you know what I'm saying mm-hmm like a year and two thirds
will be good yeah I'm serious what's the source of most of your porn the internet 539 at 64
percent almost two thirds are getting most of their porn off the internet what a disgrace and
what a good time it is for all DVDs 87 I don't watch porn 73 eight point six percent don't
watch porn at all right you mama your mama so is socks in hell my imagination 47 it was just my
imagination videos of 33 peeping in other people's windows 30 about 30 man peeping in other people's
windows all right well I remember that show with Wally Cox mr. peepers you just it's way before
your time he did it with Marlon Brandon it is temptation baby with just imagination who doesn't
like the temptations oh I don't know probably some no one I know there probably the bees
I want to see the bees cat logs like Victoria secret 14 x-rayed magazines like Playboy and Hustle
11
comic book
such a bad comic books for and soft core magazines like FHM and Maximus of it too what's FHM I don't
even know what that is for him magazine oh I thought the F stood for something else it's soft core
is no any at least the American version ever actually symbol is junior number him and the FBI the FBI
would FM symbol is junior yeah and what's his daughter's name she's I don't know Stephanie's
symbolist yeah I guess I don't know 845 votes on a pool the internet foreign away and of course
this business of looking at porn on the internet what could possibly be wrong with that okay anyway
let's get back to a very the fairy here on the Harold Vither and Sestuous relationship making the
same old higher stories they're younger they're hip-hop it's really interesting very we must have
gotten awfully old and they must have gotten off the young between December and January now that's
the interesting part of that whole philosophy so stupid you have to be a moron very but of course
that's the propaganda they've been feeding for a long time and so he do the flea writes it in
there because whatever they tell very fact they might even write the article and very just puts his
name on it hey very you fairy the brown bag kid from the Harold in morning drive the tickets to
a rose finish tent in the market with a three point to I'm not going to read the Q numbers because
they're it's just it's ridiculous and nobody reports the Q numbers but that's okay because
cum distance the total number of people you reach in a week the average quarter hours what
anybody cares about because that's how many people you're reaching at any given moment not how
many people may listen for five minutes a week who cares about that the cum my eyes very anyway
Joe Rose finished 10th with a three two QM's Kenny Walker and Kim Bokehamper were 21st with a
1.8 a 1.3 can eight oh my god and then he writes no wonder wqm wants to hire Rose for its morning
show rose who 790 contract runs through September 1nd of the Kennedy has made a decision he better
come back over here and what did I say when they blew his ass out the door when Greg read lied to
him and lied installed around it wouldn't you know yeah I just put him over more times on both
stations and you can then Carter's got liver pills and the meantime he's gets the numbers and I
said on the year then and I'll say it again now that's when they really that was when they broke
this thing into a million pieces and what did they do that for so they could put the Howard
stirring show on the year and Dan near lose the license and sliced that thing up with Swiss cheese
and bleeping and bleeping and buzzing and buzzing and bleeping and yeah and playing music over the
fart sounds just just craziness active lunatics and by the way Joyce had her finger deep inside of
that back home so yeah she was there when they did that I mean it wasn't bad enough for
real almost lost him license so let's put on the stern show yeah an afternoon drive between 4 and
7 Jim Madditch and Hank Goldberg had a slightly higher share than the ticket stand of bastard and
John Wiener Stugas see here's the thing they're talking about Stugas like he belongs on the
year just like just like we talk about him like he belongs on the year see that's not competing that's
just capitulating that's just putting clearance his boyfriends on the year and who aren't even going
to be here but the ticket had more listeners and there goes with the cum again so the power
hour had the 3 7 they had a 3 5 that's the power hour between 4 and 5 that's my my brain trust
oh and then here's a classic line to show that Barry doesn't even understand the ratings here's
how that can happen in measuring shares arbitrage heavily factors in like the time people listen
the cumulative audience numbers don't take that into account it's not gonna do with the heavily
factor it in it's got to do with that's the factor okay match factor rich factor that's what
it's all about schmuck he don't even understand how they do it also telling once managed left the
year at five goldberg's numbers dropped oh boy from five to seven that was on what he's
laughing about then sound fine to me it sounds like from five to seven the backstreet and we know
we're fifth at one why does it keep saying and weener is he I mean oh god fifth in the market
with a 4.5 share compared with goalbers 2.9 which ranked 14th which is all I can say about
that when you come right down to it 14th must have been what's his name that the scout he's
always got on the scout the be your scout oh from two to four John Chambie and the Sid Rosenberg
steam crants through a higher share than managed two seven to a two three even though Neal Rogers
had a higher share than the tickets combo of Chambie and Rosenberg 10 aimed to 2.5 4.1 to a
two two two two it sounds like almost double to me the tickets surprisingly had more listeners
than he goes into the cum again yada yada which doesn't mean anything they got a two two period
you know you can try to you can try to dolly it all off and put a bow on it and dress it all up
and well two two is a two two that's the rating that's what people buy that's what the bonus is
based on that's the number the average quarter hour that's correct not the cum QA
attracted a higher cum audience in the ticket only one time slot five to seven A and one or
lander the big O who's rock solid had a higher share than me for which who's hated by all four
row to a two five and more listeners to and they go into the cum crap again oh let me do the
break and then out then comes the best part don't overstate the impact of the ticket losing the
dolphins versus as he continues sucking and sucking oh my god it's unbelievable a very enough of
the sucking the idiot and put the brown bags down people are laughing at you very you
a m hey there you bastard alright
either you like drugs and hockey parks or you like sadden you fairy
you either like the skin and kiss your lips or you like catten
you either like boxing or who does win or you like Broadway
you
You either whip pastel and have a bell on your bicycle or you like pizza pie and
come on ride without the pig on.
You either work on cars and fighting bars or when you want to sashay.
Because either you are straight or my friend you are gay.
Come find us see how the number dreary be.
But leave that chill with life the by way.
Because we long to pass.
In every pass like the football shot and the rest of the game.
On your game you can only go one way.
You fare it.
Ethan Skolnik is going to be the answer for our problems.
We have Ethan coming up.
Another horse ball, a hack writer for one of the newspapers.
Alex Marfayz and Eric Reid and all of these people.
I am screaming and yelling and carrying on old Jamie Duffy.
I guess they finally smit canned him.
I don't know.
This is their idea.
Not entertaining people.
That's why people listen to radio shows.
That's why people watch TV shows.
They want to be entertained.
They want to be informed.
They want something that stimulates their mind, brain, that too.
What word did you say?
You heard it.
You are going to get him involved in this too.
I have something to say to him.
I pay back everybody to swindle all that money for a pool.
Anyway.
That's what people want.
I know there comes a great shock especially here.
All they want to hear is the ball scores.
They want to hear who are the most macho guys.
That sounds real macho to me.
Idiots.
We are surrounded by a sea of idiots and we are drowning.
Even the best women are not titanic.
They drown.
They are dead.
868 votes on the pool.
What's the source for most of your porn?
I don't really know for sure what that means.
A lot of people don't think that porn means what it means.
Look at the jc pedicatalog.
That could be porn.
It's whatever cranks your shot.
Listening to a gelbie on the air that could be pornographic.
The internet 564.5% of the people out there getting their porn from the internet's baby.
There's lots of it on there.
Over here, over there.
Oh, take a look at that.
Wow.
DVDs 91.
I don't watch porn 74.8.5% of this audience tell us they don't watch porn.
Period.
Yeah.
My imagination 49.
It was just, I can't stop thinking about that.
Don't play it again.
I won't.
Video's 33.
Peeping at other people's windows still about 30 men.
I don't know why I find that so funny, but about 30.
Well, we got a lot of desperate folks out there.
So if you look out the window late at night and you and your partner are involved in clenching
and clenching and the humping and pumping away.
And you look out the window and there's a pair of eyes looking in.
It won't be the neighborhood pasta, Maracco.
And it'll just be the neighbor.
They're just to get in their jolly.
So let them have a good look.
C pedilog's like Victoria's Secret 14.
X-rated magazines like Playboy and Hustler 11.
Well, what does that mean?
X-rated magazines.
Do magazines have ratings since when?
Whatever.
Well, I didn't make this point.
I did.
Another one of Charlie B's.
Yeah, Charlie B.
Charlie, you'll be having some problems.
Comic books 4.
Well, what does that mean?
Comic books have pornography?
There are, I guess.
I mean, that's really like stick figures.
You know, I guess all depending on what they're sticking or they're sticking.
Hey, different comic books 4.
And softcore magazines like FHM, FHM, N-Aximet's Edward II, out of 878.
We got 1,000 made in a shade.
Don't worry about it, Chris.
Just sit back there with a big smug look on your face and enjoy a real rant today.
You've got a four-hour rant coming up from The Old Queen.
Can you handle it?
Yeah.
Hey, take that hotline call.
Oh, I bet you that forgot all about that.
I bet you that's my good buddy, Ricky.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
It's Jimmy Hummel.
How you doing?
Jimmy Hummel, just fine.
Thank you.
Was this it today?
That was it?
It's time.
Come on.
Come on, one more show, man.
No, no, no, it's time.
It's done.
One more week.
I'm sorry?
One more week.
No, no, no.
I've been dealing with this mentally for quite a while and the lead up to today has been
very emotional as you might imagine.
You know, 50 years is a lot of water under the bridge and it's over.
That's 50 years in a business.
Yeah, yeah.
I started, my first job in radio was in 1960, so that would be a 47.
So I'm not that far behind you.
No, you're right close.
That's when I came to the lie.
I am not a Nazi.
Remember those days?
Oh, indeed.
Yeah.
Yeah, you got a good memory for an old fart.
I'll say that.
Let's play this in honor of...
Rick...
Sean...
Who harked the microphone this morning on Magic.
You are, I'm telling you, you're inspiration to all this other old fart.
So I'll say that.
Well, thank you very much, Neil.
I appreciate that.
It's been a fun run and I'm going to stay with the children's fun, keep doing that.
And you know, there's some other stuff around the station doing commercials and what have you.
But just not getting up at four o'clock.
That's killing me.
Oh, I don't know how to how you did that.
I wouldn't do that.
They offered me just a ton of money to do mornings on this station about a year ago or a year ago.
I said, oh, forget about it.
You could offer me 10 minutes.
I still wouldn't do it.
Well, you make more money doing mid days and most people make doing the morning show.
Well, what can I tell you?
No comment about that.
That's the only reason I'm here.
So how did it go this morning?
Did you break down in the cry like a baby?
How did it go?
Well, there were some tears.
But I really did a whole lot better than I thought I was going to.
We had a lot of very emotional phone calls and the kids called up and sang songs and all of that.
And we had a bunch of old things that I had produced along the way that we dug up and re-aired.
And a lot of memories.
It was really a very fun morning but a very emotionally draining one, as you might suspect.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to my last show.
Boy, it's going to be a barn boon out there.
I will be there for your last show deal.
I will be there for your last show deal.
It's coming soon, by the way.
Not that soon, by the way.
Come on, Arty.
You're going to re-sign.
Are you going to put an extension on it?
Yeah, I'm going to put an extension in here.
I'm going to put an extension in here.
I'm going to call it cone.
I'm going to become a conehead.
So what are you going to do now that you've naturally sleep in and stuff like that?
Yeah, well, that's the main thing.
It was just really getting to me that early, 4am wake up cone.
I was always just getting to be a real drag.
We like the crew, so my wife and I are going to take a crew seven days someplace.
Not sure when or where, but that's one of the priorities.
And like I said, I'm going to crank up the children's fund.
I kind of make that my passion, you know, helping needy kids in South Florida
through the charity at the radio station.
And it's been a very rewarding experience.
So I like to do that.
It helps a lot of kids, and that's where I'm going to spend most of my time.
I always hear from people,
all of you are going to shrivel up and die real soon.
Yeah, I know.
You want to be anything to do.
Just keep busy, I guess, is the message.
Well, that's it.
You need a reason to get up in the morning.
You got to have that car's out there.
Something to do.
You're absolutely right.
A lot of people have told me the same thing.
So I'm sensitive to that.
I'm going to stay busy.
And, you know, not going to just try up and be approved.
You know, I try to send you a message that's not in your Myspace.
Net damn thing is screwed up.
I click the send the message and it doesn't work.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Where's the radio station?
I'm your Myspace page.
Oh, Myspace.
You're one of my buddies on here, man.
You're one of my 80 million buddies.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
I signed up for you.
I thought you were going to try to send you a message, but it wouldn't go through.
So don't think I'm ignoring you.
Okay.
That's cool.
I talked to George this morning.
He called.
And I told him, and I'll tell you, too, I believe the George doing part time like he does is better than most people doing full time in talk.
He doesn't get the credit he deserves.
He doesn't get the credit he deserves.
Of course, inside the building, it doesn't get any credit because they hate him like Poisonin because Jolly Joell Bell wants to put tape song when I'm not.
It's just pathetic the way they treat people, but then again, you know the business.
What it is, deal with it and move on.
In other words, what you're trying to say is the business really blows.
I mean, it's been good to me.
I can't complain.
But it's, well, I don't want to, you know, and I don't want to go out on a sour note after 50 years.
Keep a big smile on your face and all that other stuff, right?
You got it, Neil.
Pretend they treated you great.
Yes, sir, absolutely.
Well, listen, congratulations, my friend.
You really deserve all the good stuff and come your way.
Well, thank you so much.
We're having a big to do with Gulf Stream tonight and looking forward to that and going on a cruise and having some fun.
And I'll stay in touch with you, Neil.
You are, you're my god.
You're my idol.
Please do it and listen.
Wash off that cap before you hand over to that other guy.
Yeah, I'm going to pass it over tonight.
Keep in touch, Rick.
Best of luck to you.
Thank you, Neil.
Thank you very much.
Bye, Rick.
Rick Shaw, who actually peed all over Georgia's legacy.
I still touched by that because, you know, he's a good guy in English.
He's a really good guy.
He's a good people in the world for him.
Well, there's some nasty people in business.
Don't talk about him.
He's a rock and roll from him.
Well, there you go.
He's going to be missed.
That's for damn sure.
Ricky Tickin, that new guy who comes in, boy.
Wow, how'd you like to be that big shoes?
No, thank you.
I know what that feels like.
Big shoes to feel, minds, right?
1056 at 560 WQM.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is the brain.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The low daily interest rate of 37% said some will be collected by station representative Joe the night, Kuzmina winner is obligated to pay and or pony up or risk
Camping both their knees broken with the baseball bat continued on payment will result in winner sleeping with the fish employees of this radio station and their families are not
Eligible to have their debts paid their knees broken or sleep with the fishes unless they do sell on their own time
Cash your self out
He's listening to me. It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQ. I'm happy Friday. So we had Jimmy Hummel Rickshaw on here there for a few minutes and
He's hung it up this morning. It was at 50 years on the air and a zillion years in this market and so somebody sends me this facts from
Oh look at this. It was an article of hero rocking rocking South Florida radio
It says did you know the rich shall work to WQM away back? Yes, we do and yes
We did in Tiger in
2000 money wrote the following article in South Florida history the official publication of the historical museum of Southern
Florida about South Florida Meridian market in the early days
Does anybody remember those days? Well he does because he's old just like me
And anyway, this is this would be pretty interesting it goes back to when radio really meant something and when people
You know when there were people in it and running it who knew something about radio something about broadcasting
Which unfortunately there ain't much of that around anymore
He's not gonna say that because why would you say that on your way out?
You know he's gonna grow a big smile on his face. Don't let the rain be your what's that crap that joy used to say all the time?
Let it smile be your brother smile be your umbrella and stick it up your butt. That's what joy used to say
Anyways, we're getting back to very jackass column
He says don't overstate the impact of the ticket losing the dolphins because the ratings book did not cover any of the dolphins season
It's clear that the ticket will remain a formidable competitor to WQM even after losing Finns games
That's right. They had one month out of one book that goose them up there and that makes them a formidable competitor to anybody
I'm gonna tell you who our worst competitor is okay ourselves
That's our most competitor. We are the enemy. We've seen the enemy and the enemy is us
I don't want to get like melodramatic
But that I mean that's accurate. That's absolutely correct Neil. Thank you
Then Barry goes on to say to evacuate I am gonna do maybe the whole four hours on this, you know, I mean your oldies don't
Glober's contract expires at the end of the year in WQM general manager Joe Bell
Joe Bell somebody needs to ring his bell okay and wake his ass up his fan ass up
Had nothing to say about his long-term future meaning the Humper
Beyond noting that he'll speak with Goldberg in his agent stay tuned Barry writes. Yes, stay tuned see if we can get enough oxygen
Le Bastard's impressive growth on the rating suggests young listeners had drawn to the humor
They clever off beat bits and some of the pop culture chat is become a staple of a show
Oh, you mean not just because they talked to guys that were jock straps and people like all the time
That's what that's what these people don't understand we are surrounded by and you've been screaming about it since even before I came in the door there
People who all they know is ball games and scores and give me the ball and give me the ball on 9-11
They're flying built the planes into the World Trade Center and we got guilty on it. How are we gonna say about it? We got to talk about sports
Le Bastard's growth one front inside WQM is that the station needs to develop more young host
Oh one thought inside Q a m
Well, I wonder who gave him that kind of crap
Because like I said everybody was the same age back in December when we were number one and then all of a sudden
Everybody got real old in January when we had a really bad month and they got a bunch of wire diaries across the street
I don't think that
Necessarily is the problem although we might have some people who are getting a little bit
Post to the end that was a query 40 is by far the youngest host of the daily show on Q a m
Conversely the tickets got five daily host to our 40 or younger Rosenbergstein crants Le Bastard weiner aka
Stubat's who doesn't belong on here to say hello or goodbye
Shambi and Kevin Rogers who nobody ever heard of whose evening show easily out to a combination of games and talk shows on WQ a m
And of course he doesn't understand hockey games and talk shows on Q a m hockey which had basically no number
And anybody could told you that now we're not going to have any hockey after this you we're not going to have any Marlins after this year
And the way things are going right now if Joe Bell doesn't get off his fat ass, we're not going to have any audience after this year
But that's just him you know and the beesleaves and Joyce
Two under 30 long term options for Q m would be Evan Cohen
Well, I've said to now that Sarni's not writing anymore in the Sun sent a very jackass picking up the ball for Evan Cohen
He must be servicing a lot of the sports writers in town
We tried about it. In fact, is he on again this weekend? Oh, yes, Sunday. He's on from 9 to 11 Sunday morning Evan Cohen
Tune in and you'll hear why it's not a good idea and ESPN radio 760 hosting Palm Beach who does part-time Q m work and
Manage his producer Curtis Steven son
Curtis is okay. Curtis is a good job on here, but what does that mean? What is he going to do? Is he going to be doing morning drive?
I don't think so is he going to be doing afternoons?
said Q a m's Joe Bell
This is the tenth book that tickets been on here. This is the first time they've beaten us and very slightly at that
Nine and one is a pretty good record. We spotted 790 Stugotts winner
We continue to go up they continue to go down or one and oh and ratings books that have come out in the last week
Wow
That's really something that's like a picture loses nine games in a row many finely wins a game
This is what I'm one and oh in a last game and like that
Like like the abluge is you know the lost nine in the world they win the next game. Hey, we won one in a row
At a boy Stugotts your genius was rather rich daddy just like Joel Feinberg does and they're playing radio
They're playing radio, but you know what at least at least they know how to compete they go out there
They got billboards all over town the ones with the pigeon droppings and you notice how many comments we've had about that
Mostly from stupid people who don't understand that that's the way the boards were designed. They're being seen
They're being seen they are being seen they're drawing attention and they're doing and their cume keeps going up because they are promoting and they keep expanding their audience
Our people keep dying or going away or moving away and moving away more power to them
Now that's what's going on at this radio station and we have a bunch of people a bunch of sports
Josh sniffing fools sitting around go oh
What was us? What was us rubbing their hind legs together wondering what's going on over what's going on is you're not you're not drawing any new audience
It's just incredible to me
That anybody who really is serious about competing in this business again
There's that word one more time competing
Thanks to think the last time we had any promotion at all was I think we had billboards two years ago over two years ago
Am I correct about that?
I don't remember when there were Greg was still a butchering to place up and breaking it in a new minion pieces
Busting the egg on the ground and then Joe came along like I said and stomped on it and all the you know the size of the pieces of the
I they were there he just smashed it in a new minion tiny bits
Here's the poll result. What's the source for most of your poor 903? I'm not gonna read anything in 903
I just want to keep you a verse of the totaler to keep my Chris on his toes
Yeah, maybe Chris can do a show maybe Josh Cortes can do a show maybe we can find some other kids out on their
Maybe I do listen to that
with you if they were talking about sport you would have to know about sports. Well then no obviously
We can't have any other shows that aren't about sports. I forgot why to the staff know we got
That I don't want to start slicing and icing and rip out a bunch of people, but you know, I mean where is it?
Where's the beef baby? Where's the meat?
And the fact that I don't and we got a show on Saturday morning night called jockstrap from 1030 to 1130. What is that show about Chris?
It's kind of a
Comedy sports type of a thing. I guess you would call it. Oh good somebody might listen to that. No
No, well who does it?
Sky Tom Alexander I think he does other Tom Alexander. I think that's his name something like that who now is that he does other things for us
And so kind of like as a payoff we put the show on
Well, what does that mean is that so in other words because he does he does what things for us
He's servicing some of our people. What are you talking about? I don't know
I just remember Josh telling me one Saturday when we were working on a
Kane's game working a Kane's game that you know guys coming in you know and ask who was he said we do he does something for us
I don't know if it spots or production or what is he does
He's even clean out the toilets on a weekend when you know Rick is a janitor right there
I mean, what are you talking about?
He does something for us so therefore we put him on the air something. Yeah, exactly. So we put his show on the show called Josh Stratz. Yes
Oh, oh my god. I'm not gonna waste anymore time. I'm gonna get into my pile
I'm gonna get into my show because if I sit here and do all four hours on this
I'm just gonna have a stroke right here on here. I mean, what's the point?
I don't don't don't because I don't do it anymore. I have stopped doing that. Well, what's the point?
These people are what they are they're not gonna change
They're not gonna wake up Monday morning and get smart all of a sudden and you can't tell them anything
You can't tell them anything and I just said you this as far as all of it
Which a Rick had heard about the talk about extending my contract
There are two chances of that happening anytime in the future none and much less than on and this whole concept that Joe Bell is obsessed with tapes
It's kind of like it's like it's like it he has a death wish for this radio station everything that we've done
It's ever failed. He's all for it
Anything we've done that's ever good like putting George on when I'm not on you know in the summertime
He's against it
The day that there's a Neil tape on here on this radio station will be a cold day in Purgatory. I'm turning that right now
And then not just to do with you. I'm just telling you know how I feel about tapes
They're an abortion they're crap with reason they failed in addition to which they're dated
They're dated the last time they were playing tapes that we do an alien in the pope okay tapes that we do out dated a hundred years ago
Okay stuff that nobody ever heard of before they spread the material thin
It's rehashing old stuff and the idea that they're gonna have a face of me reading on Friday on a tape of stuff
I read on Monday stories that are older than Matthuslas great-grandmother you have to be a crazy person to think we're gonna be doing that
What can we do to screw up this show too? What can we get it down?
Yeah, like I said when you're on the Titanic no matter how good a swimmer you might be you're gonna drown and that's that's what's going on
It's just a stunt and normal Kent you see the kind of guy I got working for me
He's busy sending me messages about serious and about this one did this this one today
What's that got to do with the price of beans in the fact we have no promotion on this show?
Or on any show on this station and like I how many times are I said it even if Kenny and Bo were doing a phenomenal morning show
What's that not but even if they were?
Who the hell would know it?
right
How about a sandwich board on Lincoln Road Mall? How about hiring how about getting a Maddie Bell back?
He's a little guy. He's a magic
Just took a sandwich board over his ass and let him run up and down and Lincoln Road Mall
I'll say if every QA I'm something five sixty turn it on you might like something we doubt it but you might
Because all this is about guys who play games and get all sweat it up and take showers together and
They give me the ball once the score into the house or what's his name doing now that's basically it
And we have session with these with these segments with these guests and having these people on reading these live spots and doing 50 minute breaks and 80 minute breaks
I mean all the things with the spots
Nice looking maddie all spots video meeting they're taking our
You've been broke my internship that your ratings and diet and how well I don't I show you what a big ass and I was till you
And how you've done you can find somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants
It's amazing
I ain't no chance I'll ever be coming back
I'm trying to consider a look where it is then come direct
Mm-hmm if you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitted the ground
Why that's easy
Sure
You
Oh
1119 at 560 WQM from through or ranting and raving and carrying on because you started you're the one who put on
I know that's right you wrote that article too well it's very jackass
He got me all whipped up when I read that crap this morning. It's more propaganda and of course they've got their
Patials in the media and then that's the interesting part of the whole thing is that they've got you know
The bastards on the station and they got Greg Cotex who's on the payroll over there is on there all the time
And they write stuff about them. We got all these other losers. What are they right about QA?
I'm are they writing any glowing articles in there? I wrote windbag and Alex Marvez and who the other ones in the
Monashia school Nick whatever that kid's name is. Well, what do we got? What are we benefit from that?
They got the media in their pocket and so Barry Jackass gets on and he writes a bunch of swill about well
You know younger and hip-hopper and inside the building at QA I mean I inside the building my ass okay
How many broadcasts is because I didn't say the building horse still alive?
You know so I added that thing there again who are still alive
96 votes on that. Oh, this is the hour we go over a thousand. That's what I predicted then after that then they will fear us man
I'm turned it out right now
They got a two two in midday in a very upbook for them. They were skewed by a wild January and right away all of a sudden is a big story
Oh, I got more new listeners than the Arages
Yeah, you should live so long okay loser
And in the meantime do we compete do we like go out there?
We like to our horn a little bit. I think somebody's toot a little something on this place and it's got nothing to with
Promoting the station. You know, I mean too much toot and go on. I'm not rooting toot and just too much toot
You know I'm talking about you know
Exactly what it sounds like oh
Brother w.k.y.m. Hello
You know, yes
Great we're real happy for it w.k.y.m. Hello. Hey, no, yes sir. Hey, we're loving guys. Somebody get those
Nerds off the air in the morning
W.k.y.m. Hello
The world bang
the
the
W.k.y.m. Hello
Q.y.m. Hello
Okay, let me just tell you right now. Okay
Okay, I'm reaching over and I'm shutting that baby off. Oh, please don't
hahaha
Oh, I'm making over and show I shut now. Oh, no, I'm with whatever you do
I'm really sick and tired. I've been doing this a long time
I've worked on a lot of radio stations
I've been doing talk shows for a very long time
And when the management people and your agent are both indifferent and oblivious and sit on their fat asses and oh
Geez wait screw it, okay? I consider him babble and read and ramble on and we can are you play bitchin for four hours every day
I need that phone like I need bleeding big gigantic straw and hemorrhoids
That's what I need to do that phone for okay, and didn't I say that a long time ago?
We were doing fine when I wasn't taking the calls back in in the fall with no call and had a lot of balls
Mm-hmm. Oh
Well jolly jose is it so much better the way you interact with a call all four of them right all the colors all four
Hi run
Hi run
What if I want to put them on here from two to four this afternoon sure be an improvement over that they talk sports
They would be that's right. Maybe they can talk some sports. Hey run. What about the dogs and you run?
Joe value are just abysmal and that's the kind of thing in fact
You know something I don't even know I'm gonna go into a thing about him. I just have a message for him
Yeah, in case you missed it the first time
Just destroying everything right here like a tornado you like a car hurray came in
I'm 33 on the pool, but we got a lot of spots
As long as they can make money and keep paying the payroll. Let's all be clear about we got a lot of spots
We got spots up the old dome nose
Conservatives who paid $55 last night they are pundit and coder that nasty skanky right wing self-hating dike bitch
Tear and coder badmoss liberal democrats and their ideas were not disappointed. What a surprise the author of godless the church of liberalism
Spoke to a crime of about 400 at Southern evangelical seminary in Matthews North Carolina
She called former president Bill Clinton a rapist referred to the chubby little legs of his wife Hillary
And she said she likes to refer to Senator Barack Obama as be host whose saying Obama
Sipping die token between her one two and three liners colder also invited presidents and governors to ignore insane decisions by federal and state courts
Including the Supreme Court
She also said that while she wouldn't justify killing doctors to work at abortion clinics
She could understand how some people erupt and rage at their inability to stop abortions
Some of coldest most popular comments were about religion
She called the United States a Christian nation and dismissed Darwin's theory of evolution as a croc
Another thing I like in a croc is French onion soup. That's what I like in a croc
Other comments some of my lingo may not be familiar to you. I'm more of the political world when I say liberal
I mean the devil she says
Towards for anyone who says president Bush's presidency is a failure
Roberts and Alito refer to the new justices on the Supreme Court who helped tilt the court to the right
When the middle of a relentless Republican juggler know she said when the exception of Bill Clinton
Whose newly opened presidential library is the first ever to contain an adult's only section when the exception of the decadent
Buffoon Clinton Republicans have controlled the White House for a quarter of a century. She pointed out
Don't let Democrats anywhere near foreign policy. She said there's always conflict
Have been first when people who really don't like America ask to defend it for 50 years that Democrats have harbored traders
Lost countries to communism lost continents to communism and refer to flag waving as an epithet
The United States of America is a Christian nation are all men are created equal. Where do you think they got that? Islam? No
And I'm GOP presidential candidates other than uh dunking a hunter. I hate them all she said well, that's something
Scan keep it 400 people paid 55 bucks to see her talk crap
And you wonder why the world is going to hell in a hand basket and I keep telling you don't worry about it
Enjoy your life have a good time screw your brains out. That's all. I'm just telling you
I'm telling you some common sense things that make a lot of sense to me
Speaking to screwing your brains out how's that pull coming
What's the source for most of your porn or what passes for it 937 vote? We're doing okay on there
We're doing just fine spread the word by the way the near Rogers show is still on its still legendary
It's on 560 qm 10 to 2 Monday through Friday go out and get a billboard and walk up and down Lincoln road mall and up and down
The sawgrass and the purple parrot entrance and let a few people know about it
It's just doesn't it just amaze you and of course when they do it a little bit of promotion which isn't really promotion when they put ads and then like the heat ear book or I mean
What do they call those things?
I don't know program. Oh
Or the dolphin program they don't even put this show in there
We're not listed because it's not a song show and why would anybody want to listen to the Roger show
The internet 602 DVDs 94 I don't watch porn 82 how about in your bbds my imagination 53
peeping another people's windows 37
And what is that bit peeping we can't peeping through the keyhole and no we can't
Peeping through the keyhole
It's a good one much huh it is a good one of course that's another thing we can't do anything anymore either
But I didn't even get that far like I said I'll continue after the break
peeping another people's windows 307 video 35 catalogs like Victoria secret 14 x-rated magazines 13
comic books for how about x-rated comic books and saw core magazines
Solomente Quattro
We are the banana republic baby only in Miami now back to some self-indulgent 560 Q&A
Morning show crap murdering our ratings by programming for our friend
You know when I watch a game I want to be left alone to enjoy my man fantasy
I just want the other 50,000 people in this stadium and to just disappear or die or something
You know like black someday sure that's the situation
Look whenever I sit my giant ass down on a bleacher
I want to drink my beer and enjoy the game. Oh yeah
How to enjoy a sports event is an important and exciting topic to discuss in our morning show
Hey guys, there's a tornado warning. Oh, there's a situation man
I expect to stay that alone lying to the men's room. Oh I bring my own bottle
We have like a wall of tornadoes approaching the station. You
I had an old tornado one. I'm just letting you know
Dude our job is to numb the audience not informed. Yeah, that's the situation. We've got
Up we have a comedian joining us on the show tomorrow. I'm Milton came in junior. Whoa
Yeah, but now this guy is a first class comedian. I mean he'll have you in stitches. Hey
Sports related you will be right. Sure. I mean not like uh not like the
political or anything
Complicated like a situation like that or yeah, so tune in tomorrow for some side-aking laughter with Milton came in junior
I think we deliver a good product on this this uh radio. Oh, yeah. Yeah, this radio thing
What they say uh, we scored a one in the good book. Yeah, we'll see man. We're number one
1135
65
60
happy friday to you
We got gildy for the mad dog too. I know I know. Hey listen life isn't perfect. What can I say
The Vatican is removed the Roman Catholic priesthood from the Roman Catholic priesthood two minutes served in southwest Ohio after considering evidence that they sexually abused children
The art sizes of Cincinnati City yesterday. They sexually abused children must be another one of these isolated incidents
or a bunch of
Kenneth Schoetmer and Richard Unwin have been permanently removed from the clerical state
I hope that Benedict XVI with his fancy little gay red shoes
Schoetmer is a former pastor of Queen of Peace Church in Milville and Unwin is former pastor at St John the Baptist Church in tip city
Can you tip this and a former teacher at Baden High School in Hamilton, Ohio
They're good men of the cloth. Okay, and they like to dittle in with your kids. That's all I can tell you
Remember the cloth not her 50 votes on the pool
No, you can take it to the bank right now that phone thing is shot off in fact
You know what I might actually do over the weekend. What's that just so I'm not tempted to uh dittle with that phone anymore
I might just take the little box here, you know, and just disconnect and put it away and it climbs it
And the monitor too
All of the monitor was kind of spiffy up on top of the deck here with all the stuff on it. Yeah, it looks good up on there. I'll oh, you know
It's probably emitting radiation when I have it turned on. I don't think I'll ever turn it on again
Now I've tried to do that many many times before but when you're like only four or five people and this is this is their life
You know, I'm saying that I have the right and the most the point they're excuse for one
But what is the point I give up you can try that exercise. I don't need it
The show is better without it. I don't care what kind oh, but it's so much better when you get Reverend John's on air while George
Yeah, well, that's very entertaining
Very eliminating entertaining this place needs a blueberry animal. I'm telling you that right now
Somebody's got to bring in the long you and I'll go out and buy the blueberries
Because obviously they're not gonna spring forward anything you're cost like an extra like how's that thing coming at
For the a fax machine. It's coming. It is one way or another. So it's Christmas baby. I know
The drum bang that drum slowly by the drum slowly remember that's a by the drum slowly. Yeah
I got my fill up there in the street quarter. I was doing 441
Tick-kup taking up a collection right by Chuck Sobson
By the drum slowly we're out there collecting so see we can buy some office supplies
Oh, man
Wow
Oh fake come to Jesus meeting with Bush writes dog Thompson and capital blue. He's also pissed off and fard up
I'm not actually pissed off or fard off. I'm pretty in good mood yesterday was sensational now we get out of here 1130 because it's five minutes late if we are
I sure love it. I'm sure like that love. Oh, yes today going to the ballgame man. Yeah, it was great. I loved it
I was dancing and you two yeah
You'd appear to see me dancer man here in my box. I'm sure it was adorable. Yeah adorable
Oh, yeah, adorable. Maybe that's why I'm such a good mood because I had all these
offers cleansing experiences all these offers to
Clean my pipes
According to a this is dog Thompson. Let's get serious. I wonder if you think it's
I can't talk about it in detail
I think somebody ought to get their just desires
Anybody have all some full any crap like that and I mean any anybody who couldn't see through that you know
Anybody who's propositioning me on my blackery. It's obviously got to be looking for my yeah
I
According to a carefully orchestrated campaign of planted news leaks by the representatives who attend to the meeting a group of 11
Lotta Republicans confronted George W. Bush and it come to Jesus meeting Tuesday over his failed Iraq war come to Jesus
They claimed they told the president his credibility with the American people is gone when it comes to the Iraq war
And then Republicans will bail on him if the war doesn't show significant progress by September 1
Yeah, right says Doug
While I believe a growing number of Republicans privately expressed it discussed with these scandals scarred and ethically
Challenge president. I don't for a second believe the 11 who visited the president Tuesday
Came anywhere close to telling them the truth about what a monomer your failure he is for their party in the other country
monumental failure
Kind of just like Clarence Darrow in the other room there monumental failure Clarence can you spell of can you say it?
It was a tough meeting in terms of people being as frank as they possibly could about their districts and their
Feelings about where the American people are on the war said
Representative Ray LaHood of Illinois. It was an old holds barred meeting
I know Ray LaHood we both worked as chiefs and staff members of congress in the early 1980s
If he told me to look for some rises in the east I confirm it with the second source
Others who know what really happened in the meeting with Bush say that congress people couched their criticism with so many caveats
That they're gathering to him to do a little more than the exchange of pleasantries as important in the Washington post
Davis stress that Republicans or Maine United against the Democratic bill in the house
But the search for an exit is almost inevitable
The key for everybody is to try to find a way to declare victory and get out of there he said
The clear victory what alternative universe claims these coolest pretenders to reality
Victory is an illusion
The U.S. cannot and will not win this war in any attempt to claim victory will make this country even more of a life in stock on the world stage
Two days meeting was a cover my ass with voters meeting for the 11 members of congress
All face tough re-election campaigns next year because they voted too many times to support Bush's war and his other causes
Representative Tom Davis's Bush's job of approval rating in some parts in northern Virginia is only 5 percent
I'm surprised it's that high
If these 11 particular political hypocrites really wanted to force the president's hand
They would have voted to support the house plan to set a firm timetable for withdrawal
They go to override Bush's veto of the earlier bill
But they didn't and they said after Tuesday's meeting their vote against the new house bill
That puts time limits on funding and benchmarks on real progress the war before additional funding will be approved
Come to Jesus meeting my ass like the president
They so blindly support these so-called moderates help crucify this country a long time ago
Says Doug Thompson who's pissed off and fired up and says come to Jesus meeting my ass
Like the main men
Just like this company man the bees lays we're gonna be the best part station. I know
You know something you know what they're real forgetting about the guys across street
I mean as weak as they are believe me most of the day they are really weak weak
amateur hour even Ted McWood ring that buzzer
But when when we got from 11 to midnight when we got a you're fairy when we got a
oh point oh yeah
I mean does that you ever think that could be possible. I want thing to say about that
Yeah
Nobody we love the panthers shot off those games. There's no interest
How about how about some part easy terms maybe we can get that on there maybe we can get more playing shuffleboard and both of them
You can do the play by play while he's participating in the tournament. What do you think?
Sure gotta be an 0.0
And I've screamed and I've hollered and I've said here and I've watched it just you've
Vaporate and they just you can't get through to the man for lover money. They won't listen
They're intractable and immovable remember when clearance was in there the other morning
And what was my take about the book and what are I thinking I said why do you keep doing this to me?
Why do you come in there and keep asking me all the time when you want?
I've told you a million times you won't listen to anything I say you will listen to nothing
Because you're a simple ten man. You're a jock sniffer
You want to go into locker room and you want to you want to look everybody's
Privates is what you want to evidently or look the sweat off their armpits
I'm supposed to be the faggot here and these people are are a million times more
Involved in men's privates. It's all I know from
His guys who are uniforms and sweat a lot and take showers naked together. That's what we're all about
I'm here at 59 on the pole by the way. I think we're gonna be approaching a thousand by noon Chris aren't you excited?
Oh definitely I can tell the sound of your voice
He's my best
How are you from extra thunder? What's your name?
Oh, I'm a terrible man. He's got some dashes into the epsilon
What's radio? 560
QAM
Why the you where still
I said my space email from Ricky Tickley. That's Ricky Tickley
You old fart and I said in the back and I said hey you old fart
I'm jealous
Okay
Oh
Trying to ore you
You ain't wicked, so turn what we're missing and for
The baby's happy ever being better
But all you'll ever see on the TV on the billboard
is the coast or the sports or the weather
It's always hangin' for our concerning version
Joseph, gah gah gah gah gah gah gah gah gah gah gah
They oughta know by now
No one ever misses to that other crowd
It's the talent that keeps the plays running
Every time all they're gonna sound
Let down is this music out
And play this bass with us and out
Ah!
Tune it out, go slow
What tune it out?
When it down?
Tune it out
I know it's 75-0
So I just sent Ricky Tiki a nice message here
And wish him all the best and said it was so on
50 years in a business man, it's a long time
I got three years to go to catch up with him
Think I'll make it three more years in this business
In this business?
They're back in the radio by the way
Yeah, not about that
13-0-0 at 560-WDQM
Here's a sports story, baby
Sports clearance is gonna get up on his hind legs and rub his legs together
Rub his a praying mantras together
The dolphins running back
Ricky Williams tested positive from marijuana in April
Will not be allowed to apply for reinstatement of the NFL until September
Sources of total ESPN's Chris Mortensen
Williams was suspended last year for violation of the substance abuse policy
Was eligible to reinstatement of this month
But the league's medical advisers that oversee Williams personal rehab program
Recently notified Commissioner Roger Goodell
The positive test sources be saying
The doctors also recommended that Williams not be allowed to apply for reinstatement
Till September
The commissioner usually adheres to the advice of the medical adviser under the substance abuse
Policy, so you don't think that those offers of sex on my blackberry were legitimate were sincere?
Fallen off the wagon is part of rehab
A source said based on the medical evidence in Ricky's case that doctors say it's too early to come back
He had the positive test last month
Memories been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder
Oh no, that's a real disease
And the good percentage of those folks self-medicated with substances like marriage and weaning
Social anxiety disorder
Often at the moment they're about to have a high level of social interaction
Leaf spokesman Greg Ayelos said the NFL would have no comment
Is did dolphin spokesman Harvey Greene?
David Cornwell, attorney represented Williams during a substance abuse case, said he went out of the confidentiality policy
In the fact with another no comment
Nobody there all mom they got nothing to say
Ricky Ricky Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, give me the ball
Ricky Ricky, you know how that all goes and then of course through an occasional thing
You got it all summed up the whole ball of wax
9.78 in a pool we need 22 more votes, we'll have 1000
And then Chris can slump back in a chair like most people do, fat people
If I want to instruct you this on the air right now
This is an instruction, this is an order and you know me I don't give orders but I'm making an exception right now
If any time in the next year and the hover many months this is going to be
If at any time I decide to reach over and turn on that monitor and enable myself to look at the phone call
If you're already, yeah I want you to like start screaming and carrying on
That's right, making all kinds of weird things
Like you got it
Just to bring me back, snap me back to reality, you know sometimes you got to snap that's right
Slap and snap it baby snap it back to reality
Come back to the real world
The phone on this radio station is like a cesspool
It's like all of a sudden Alexander Graham Bell invented the cesspool
I wouldn't wish it on Heinrich Himmler, Andrews, W. Bush and Anne Colter and Bill O'Reilly
How do you like that?
That's how bad it is, that's how evil it is
All I know is come to a clock man, I'm going to lunch
Yeah, that's something we're forward to you know
Of course it is, I'm going to smoke
Smoke?
Yeah
Smoke one
Smoke my head off
Oh, let us know when that baby pops off
He'll get a memo, I'll text you right before
The Bush administration is withheld a series of emails from the Congress showing that senior White House and Justice Department officials work together
To conceal the role of Carl Roven installing Timothy Griffin, a protg of Rose, as U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas
The White House records show that decals Samson was then chiefed to staff with Attorney General Alberto Vio5 Gonzalez
Consolid with White House officials and drafting two letters to Congress that appear to have misrepresented the circumstances of Griffin's appointment as U.S. Attorney
And of Roves' role in supporting Griffin
In one of the letters that Samson drafted, dated February 23rd of this year, the District Department told 4 Senate Democrats
It was not aware of any role played by senior White House advisor Rove and attempting to name Griffin to the U.S. Attorney post
A month later, the Justice Department apologized and ran into the Senate Democrats for the earlier letter saying it had been inaccurate denying that Rove would play the role
Brad Berencine and I wonder if he's keen to read Berencine used to play a hockey
An attorney for Samson said an interview that is client did not intend to mislead Congress, Samson he said signed off on the February 23rd letter based on representation made by the White House that it was accurate
The withheld email showed that Samson's draft was forwarded to review the crisp, operasin, and associate White House Consol who approved the language saying that justice was not aware of Rove having played any role in supporting Griffin
But an earlier email from Samson Opherson has already been made public indicates the two-man discussed Rove and then White House Consolid
Harry Admires as being at the forefront of Griffin's nomination
Liar, liar, your pantalinies are in fire
You ain't seen nothing yet, did this whole thing is going to blow up and you know something? The best part of it will be
Like right before the election next year
Yeah, that'd be good because maybe then the Democrats can't you know grasp defeat from the jaws of victory although knowing them knowing the way the Democrats tend to do
Have you ever done yet?
Yeah, that's their greatest ability
Grasping defeat from the jaws of victory
983 on a poll were getting real close to a thousand
And if we got a thousand listeners out there look by the time Jolly Jo Bell and Clarence Dero and Joyce Fitch
See I never even got into that part and you're supposed to remind me
Hey, don't forget about Joyce and the fact that we can't play anything good anymore or say anything good or you know even the drops
And you see when you talk to these people it's like they're totally oblivious to that
Well, we don't have the license yet and blah blah blah blah and this one and that one enjoys it
And another thing is she took away from us have anything to do with reality
The FCC has been in the regulations common sense that he was trying to understand
And Ducci bag yeah, yeah, like that product that you can buy in the store we can't mention them on the air
Duge we can say do just don't just don't put it in a paper or plastic
Well, you know they come in a box
Oh, do douche box me I know
Well, nobody ever said we couldn't say that
Duge box that's because you didn't ask
Oh, well don't ask don't ask and then they won't tell
Mm-hmm you douche box
Well good it's the 21st century I mean I certainly less childish than Ducci bag and I was reduced to that you know do you know
Don't be touchy ducci
Isn't that the Duke and the Duchess?
I don't know
Well the Queen was just around the other day so it makes you feel all that worldly stuff you know it's on your mind
Hey, no Ducci box what's wrong with that?
No, you got to be creative because anything that's so interesting remember the day clearance came in and this is one when I was doing the show down there
It's no the reason I don't want to be there
Well Joyce's got a real problem with penis
No bet
Remember that?
And there's something that was no bulletin to me
That was absolutely no surprise to me at all
Because that explains all the series of things you know
And then I mean there's absolutely nothing wrong with saying certain words on the right
You have to do with the correct text that's all but that's what you can say penis you can say vagina you can say this you can say that
It just depends on the context
Scum in any container has nothing to do with a sexual box that's right and douche box
I guess you could put it in a box
Scum that is
97 on the pool
I mean seriously the audience they think that at 990 or whatever they do they all think they're making that we're making that stuff
All of the sudden I may be creative and legendary and stuff like that but I even I'm not that creative that I can come up with crap like this
Who could have ever dreamed of it?
The fart sounds on commercials for Rexall they have little dolls making fart sounds
On over the air television on cartoons on kids cartoons on over the air television they're making fart sounds
Oh now that was just a raspberry that was not a fart so you have to differentiate
I could cry this place is being run by crazy people people who don't understand the business who certainly don't understand talk radio
Who certainly have no concept of how you do phone calls on talker
Oh let's talk to Ed in plantation now what do you think of the game last night Ed?
Well I thought they could have done better that you know why didn't they take that guy out in the fourth inning man when they could see you having no stuff he didn't have his stuff
I want to hear about you know school that's what I want to hear about not school or school
I want all those score sounds better news you know like score ice cream hoping heavily out in the ice cream mood today or during the weekend
Good that's it I didn't say I'm not going to have any I just signed out in the mood for right now
I'm in the mood for love so let me grab my blackberry and see if those offers still stand
I guess they're going off the boy where prohibited what are you churling about now that didn't come up in your conversation yesterday with your good close personal friend what the fact that you're well aware of the entire thing and I told everybody that I know I I even picked up the Toronto phone direction and I started at a and I went through all the Chinese names
I got to show and I think I ran out of time I told everybody I'm just speaking over kept it real clean yesterday. Did you really well good I'm trying to keep it clean too
keep him away from here as transparent as a pain of glass and a real pain in the end oh god take that break which oh yeah okay
this is very quick whenever I shake my balls I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
I was in five hours by the way first you can lay on the floor now I'm the last okay
and Ricky took you there my email I have a boy Ricky Jimmy whatever you call yourself easy
I'm about to 560 WQM speaking of that we got y'all to come up from ad dog to this afternoon that sounds like a real good swap not for the guys across the street I guess I'm sure they're like dancing the jig
thousand a votes by the way are you gonna be okay are you who me yeah you see the structure there totally into the hour oh stress the word for description of that the grotesque have had a great time it's Friday to more hours hour and 58 minutes
not that I'm telling you understand I understand thousand a votes on the pool all these people looking at that porno online right now hey they don't have time for us they're busy watching porno online and getting all you've
worked up about it that's okay more power to you you could spend your time doing a lot more destructive things than that in a history
making move to respond to a record setting drought water managers yesterday imposed once a week yard water restrictions on
brown and palm each counties the new rules start Wednesday and the district is called on cities and counties to step up
ticketing of those who break the rules if you start watering on the wrong days man on the wrong side of the street they're gonna come and drag your ass away and come
right now so far Palm Beach counties issued 2616 citations brown or 384 that's in and date county only 60 well thank God for that
unless residents start saving more water the next move could be a ban on lawn watering said Carolina wheel executive director of the
South Florida water management district the drought is far from over she said the seriousness of this drought in the public's role in cutting back cannot be overstated too
bad we couldn't have a shove that storm you know the one up by Jacksonville and finish up that baby right on down the day
brown and Palm Beach and on row over Lake Oki doki so that would fill it up right that would be an idea for put it right over Lake Oki Doki
so not to make me just want to play this until I could do it I could load up that thing in there
the juice box juice box the juice box it's all those in box activity or you know what else they sell it boxes now wine
see oh yeah that's right I've seen it I had a box of a vet tomato vegetable soup for you guys it was pretty good was it like a
progresso or what brand was it it was the Campbell I'm sorry I'm sorry because I we all know the camera man you know you don't
have a lot of options but anyway I just had never tried it before and what you do is you just open that baby up and you put it in a bowl
and you put it in the microwave and you're new kid or you can put in a saucepan if you're doing the old-fashioned way doing it cook an ancient style like with you know a couple of rocks you rub together and stuff like that a couple of sticks but anyway it was pretty good
it was it was supish it was like real soup you know it was supish I see 10 left on the pool now we're all through ranting and raping about all this stuff about good it's not going to change
the color of the car and I'm not taking any more phone calls I don't give a crap if somebody comes in with an oozy it holds it to my head I'm not taking the more calls until they you know make an attempt to do something but like I said before why would they want to do that
because they're not competing non-composed we miss baby they are cutting it they're not doing it they may be cutting it and I think I'm smelling it wow you know what I mean what do you mean they're just they're not interested in
I know I know they just want to have a thousand button men or salesmen out there in the streets right and get a lot of spots on the year
dollar a hour pretty soon because that's all they're going to be able to get for pretty soon when they got numbers like point oh oh
and program to themselves and program to themselves and clearance and all his boyfriends you know and so he can put his buddies on the air
you miss much airtime is positive before they get blooded across the street with those Panther games or wherever they're going
who would want to put that on anyway who would want to curious sport even they will be like hearing badminton games
here's the neighborhood badminton championships brought to you by you know fill in the blank we find a sponsor for I'm sure that
that's one thing we're good at man it's funny and then of course if if any of our job people didn't know off about badminton we get whoever the sports writer at the
Harold is about badminton come in and do a segment and read some spots life spots fill up some real good time to see if they could
change what chase whatever little audience we got left I can't even say it no more that's how tongue-tongued I am and you know
who's fault all this is because I was in a stellar a fabulous between yesterday and I mean getting out of here 11 30 years
today and then winning making nice comeback it would by winning a few bucks I was in a stellar mood and of course having
had that the tremendous those overtures on Wednesday on my crackbury offers a sexual favors and stuff like that how could
you not be in a just a tremendous mood what are you laughing about I should tell the story I'm not I'm not going to because it's
just you can't do that I can't clean it up enough to tell us yeah how do you approach it I can say BJ Thomas but I'm sure
I'm sorry son no and there you go it's just I mean how anybody could be that ignorance I think that the people
really think I'm not old and seen out I mean you don't know long time I guess some people do yeah I really know people in
see now I actually get up in the morning and I get I get dressed and I shower and I do all my other
personal hygiene stuff and my armpits feel pretty good I put the right guard and left guard on today and I got
a little after shave on I shaved all by myself today I don't have anybody like a caretaker you know and I get the
feeling that there are some individuals out there who think that I'm so seen out and people at this point
that they can put any kind of crap over I mean I was like oh sure no problem just come on and by the way
when we're all done I'll I'll put in my will or stuff like that again I mean transparent and pathetic
would be an understatement for that situation that situation is both Campbell would say and I'm sure
the audience is dying to hear more about it more about it maybe Monday I'll talk about it all right if I'm still
alive by that you know how old and people are two hour teased today yeah yeah let's just keep teasing it which is
basically what I was getting and the best part of it is I wasn't interested it's one thing if somebody teases you and
you're interested but when somebody is teasing you and you're not even least bit interested that's not much of a
tease you know what I'm saying yeah I'm gonna hear a lot more BJ times everything I got yeah oh boy why you trying to encourage me to tell
me a lot sir why don't you tell a story okay it goes like this no what's the part of time in America yeah yeah
yeah holy Moses
the dick holbro oh my god former senior US diplomat and possible democratic secretary of state yesterday
described Iraq as a civil war raging out of control and a foreign policy crisis worse than Vietnam
whole work was served as US ambassador to the wineners top US diplomat for Europe and East Asia said it would likely fall to the
next US president decide whether and how to extricate America from the conflict from the disaster from the
Kragmeyer holy Moses man regarded as a potential secretary of state that Democrats win the White House in 2008
I'm getting choked up about a whole book delivered an unspearing assessment of president Bush's foreign policy during a lecture on US
Turkish relations on every side turkey faces challenges and enormous proportions he said to the South and Southeast
neighbors called Iran and Iraq wanted dangerous destabilizing religious dictatorship the other a civil war raging out of control
Iraq already presents us with the worst situation internationally in modern American history worse than even Vietnam
he added that noting he served in Sargonne and worked on Vietnam and Washington and the first peace talks I never thought I would say
anything was worse than Vietnam but Iraq my friends is worse than Vietnam he said voicing hope that the current US offensive will
succeed but saying the chances of this are not high whoever got us into it might have been but the chances are not
high a lot of people are high as in you were there came from yeah as in part of that 10 16 and a pool and
there's no point reading the book is you know the internet wins hands down your pants 64 point 2% of the audience most of
their poor watching is on the internet I wonder how my friends Sir Rage is doing I think Sir Rage is finally showing
and showing and telling I don't know at least he didn't text me yet about you know come and come and
servicing me I say that what what are you smirking about I think I may have a story it is I have is it funny is it
pathetic well it's funny because it's pathetic funny rhymes with my money which by the way I handed out for that
I mean you know when somebody why not just come out and say he sent me a bunch of money you know send me a bag of money
right as opposed to all these games and nonsense and foolishness that some people seem just just determined to try to play
games people play you got that I like that especially by the spinners you know what it wasn't it wasn't the spinners who did that song originally
I'll find out Joe South no not Joe South Peter North you got it right people play who did it you're right who Joe South yes
God am I genius and this is Joe South this is not right oh this is Joe South just all of my set not the spinners although I like that
I like that song you guitar man I don't want to sound like a doot you box remember that thing pop is got a speed box I can't even play that either we can't play any of this
Joe I'm sorry what a memory on Joe's own you know and I'll have it by the spinners I had every other spinners song you know
you're coming I'll fix that right now you're going to find it I will steal it that's a good song being people play
great so good from it has passed noon at 560 WQM
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
with
the
play
and
I'm here by your dance
Man man and venom want to destroy the blue and red of Spider-Man
Spider-Man
Oh but Spider-Man can
Spider-Man can
Feel the help with dance using just his mighty sense
This flick is really intense
Oh, Geeks, my coast to coast
Love this guy the most
Dress up in his mighty costumes
In a middle-based red bedroom
Have they been sniffing exhaust fumes
Oh, I just can't hear a bell ring
I'm a building in each tiny time
In each tiny time
Spider-Man
Spider-Man
Does whatever a spider can
He's Spider-Man
He's Spider-Man
He's Spider-Man
Look out, here comes the Spider-Man
You dig
I mean, the end of that is just, you know, it's going along just fine there and all of a sudden
Why do you think they decided to end it that way?
That's a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
I'm a pet and guilt
In any case, I'm going to get any important messages
Bzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzbzzz
Bzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzzzbzzzzbzzzbzzzzzbzzzzbzzzbzzzbzzzzbzzzzzbzzzbzzzzzbzzzzbzzzz Whoa Im getting a bad feeling
And it goes like that
And I pick it up
And I look at it
and it's a message
I better no tell the story on here
Monitor2 Tell em
one was a man from men's tucket
Yeah I took a pic in the thicket
You have something that actually would be a good way
I'm sorry, this could take a historic, because it rhymes with man-tucket.
Picks that you queer, get away from that.
Come on, don't try to change the subject now.
Come around to the front.
I think you had a weird feeling.
And I'll ease into this, so to speak.
Yeah, I have no idea how to grease into this.
Oh my god, and you know something, anybody who'd be upset that I would reveal this to the world
or anything.
Anybody who would make such grotesque...
It always tells people this.
Pretend that Neil's ear is a microphone.
Right, that's right.
Listen, there are people who tell me things in confidence, and if there are people I respect
me like that, I would never, ever repeat them.
Never the less I tell them just to be safe, just to be sure.
Pretend that they're hurt, mate.
But, the heart, people are very obvious and transparent, and attempting to like muscle
their way into my money and my life.
I don't feel compelled to, I have no, I owe them nothing, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know.
Am I right or am I wrong?
No, you're not wrong.
I know this probably sounds very convoluted to the audience who are just dying.
They're probably like, oh, I'm over the top.
They're hanging out, just salivating.
Yeah, they are, and I don't know what all the pens I may just have to go ahead and tell
the story.
Or George may have to go ahead and tell it one of these days when I'm, yeah, maybe this
summer is something for you to keep in mind.
I'll try to, I don't know, I'll write an analogy or something, I don't know.
1037 votes on a poll.
We're not doing too bad on there, okay, considering the fact that Barry Jackis is right
of business, even though we had a four one and they had a two two.
And if you take out Janiwere, we had a five something, which isn't anywhere near what
we usually do, but you know something?
Big deal.
We got screwed in Janiwere and they got a big kiss over there and right away everybody's
got a story about a beep, but it will put them up and they're younger and they're
hip-air and they're this and they're that and yeah, whatever you say, the fact is the
business blows, the business is over with, and we work for people who are certifiably
insane, make no mistake about that.
Anybody who would suggest that taking Fridays in 2009 and 10 assuming that I would still
be here, first of all, I got a year and two thirds left of my deal.
What's the big hurry?
Why would I want, based on what these people are doing now, I would have to be institutionalized.
Hopefully, the different one that they're going to be, but I have to be put in a rubber
room for me to withstand the contract again with them based on what they're doing to
this show, not for the show, to the show and to me.
And Ricky Tiki, man, I'm see he read my message.
I congratulate you, seriously, man, 50 years in this business.
I've been 47 years in this business and I can remember the days I'm sure he can't
do when this was an exciting, a great business.
When we had people programming stations who had imagination, who had balls, who had, who
understood the audience wanted to be entertained, man, they wanted some excitement.
Just like back in the days when all those great, we don't have any, yeah, we do.
We got some oldy jingles.
Yeah.
I just don't know what stations are from, but like, I'll find one.
Well, that's slow and more, but you know what I mean?
I'll tell you, go to the WFQM, seventy-one, oh, another hour on
Skillik Rally, Rally, Rally, Rally.
Solid gold hits, straight from the gold mines, seventy-seven, solid gold ABC.
And of course, like everything else, and I can remember being on IOD the day that
I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that
I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I
was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was
on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day
that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the
I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day that I was on the day girlfriend so far that topics was really way
really really really really really thank you so much for taking that part out as well and thank you so much for taking that part out as well and thank you so much for taking that part out as well and just with you
you all know
you all know
you are seeing zoom in
zoom in
zoom in
Brady Quinn and Tom Brady I'd like to have Brady's bunch but nevertheless.
No, what? Huh? I got a lovely bunch of coconuts.
That's what the script is saying and he made billions of dollars with no talent.
Billions of dollars and here we got, look what we got. Pop out more of Griffin,
look what we got. We got Jolly Joe.
All right.
I'm tied on the hand, don't lie. All the hard work.
Don't go down every time I see.
Don't go down every time I see.
That's retard if you win.
Don't go down all time to see.
He's president of the
****
Rapub against bustle and in our take away idiot.
I don't know why they wanted one just got a known easier person to make for you.
Church with president of ****
Oh, what I can do, go both on small and get me a voted one.
Here you want this, don't go long, lips running stupidly.
Don't go home, mindless drunk and rich kid.
Don't go home, please even.
Dumber than me.
He's president of ****
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him in by hooker and crawl up the Christian ride.
No, what's best?
You and I, but you're no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president, don't go.
Holy Moses man, we got tourists.
Residant of ****
Don't 3205, 60, WQM event.
The song is 59 votes on the floor.
Our goal today is whatever we get.
When you say on a Friday.
Friday is here, down, you know.
Friday is here, down, always, every week.
In fact, Friday made a good day to play some tapes.
That's starting.
The toes think of now.
Wouldn't that be good do we have any tapes?
Oh yeah, nothing we can play because you know the tapes that we've already made were from the old days.
Yeah, the rich and vibrant have stuff on them.
And they have to be able to tell you some of the people might laugh their ass out and people might be by the road.
We'll take a lot of like, we would have to go to play and listen surgically extract anything that anyone would want to hear from you.
Right.
Because that's the only way of destroying the show.
Right.
And when your first wild agent who's busy sending you a bunch of crap about serious radio that you don't care about,
when he's busy, you know,
telling you that Joyce will do anything in a part of the story of the show and then doing nothing about it.
He is as impudent as a dead man.
What's that?
Morph Griffin?
I've got a lovely bombshell coconut like hell with it.
Yeah, since he mentioned it, I had a long way to play that.
Why would you play Morph Griffin?
Hey, Merr, you fairy got it.
Well, and what about spinners and games people play?
Yeah, what about it?
Oh, man.
I think Rick Shawlet and Firewinder you asked today by Kissing It.
And you asked too.
You know, that was really, really sweet considering that I learned about rock and roll from that man.
Well, there was never feather in your cat.
I pulled what's his name in there, Chris, to mark that down.
I'm going to put it in my demo tape to get a job somewhere, you know, in radio later when this game ends.
Yeah.
This is great.
It looks great.
I love to read about the OGs, but it's pretty damn good.
Well, I'll take it.
I love this bit.
Yeah, spinners doing it.
What are you there?
Spinners.
I walk around.
This doesn't fit a little bit of this.
Don't get mad at me.
Although not I Rick Shawlet's off the year.
That's what capitalize on that.
Hold me and open it.
Right?
I can play some crap about it.
I hope he's a good one too.
Yeah.
Oh, I guess so.
By the way, this is a guy.
This is a guy singing like that.
Yeah.
I know.
I didn't think so either the first time.
I can't remember where I was.
Spin all that day.
Okay, that's enough, Chris.
It just, you know, here's a fact that says the management or director, whoever the A-hole is,
who Joe Rose going to first place, should be begging the big dog to come back in the mornings.
And they are A-holes for putting goldstein on instead of Curtis.
Nothing against Geldie's theme, but my radio goes to any other station when he comes on.
I never listen past the end of the power.
Hank is not for me.
He says, Pee, whoever Pee is.
Pee.
Pee did it.
I got a story about a Pee as a matter of fact, but I'll get to it.
The guy that supposedly peed on the dead or racky guy.
Here's another fact.
Well, I tell you, Rich Shaw has got this town on fire, man.
This is the second fact from the same guy though, Rick.
Oh, don't get carried away.
So he said, yeah, I had so many things I wanted to ask him, but he called like toward the end of the hour.
And I don't want to carry him over.
And I noticed he was online there when he was reading the message.
So probably he's confangulating.
I don't know if he's got a whole lot of people on his mind-space page.
I don't know if he pays much attention to it.
But he did send me a message, and then I responded to him and he read my message.
And that's all it, you know.
And I'm sure he's got 80's of the messages of best wishes and have a great life.
And thanks for the memories and thanks for all the oldie moldies.
And thanks for putting up with Bob Howell and making a play all that crap music on there.
All the other stuff.
You know, he didn't want to say too much about the business and the fact that it sucks.
He knows that.
He's been through the good days.
And speaking of that, this fact says, how cool is this?
Here's a little 10 minute audio sample of WQM's Rick Shaw recorded directly off the airwaves in 1966.
It says, in those days QM was thought as number one rated station thanks to their powerful 560 frequency
and awesome signal reached all across the state.
But I remember those days, 100 years ago, to listen and play this on the ear,
and we can't play it.
Well, you could play it on ear.
Lying thestone records.com slash form slash radio slash Rick Shaw 66 dot MP3, which we're not going to do it.
Well, you have something maybe we ought to do it on Monday.
Okay.
You got the original facts you might want to do.
I'm going to go look at it.
Maybe you could like click on it in between answering Holy Moses.
It says, interesting our mentions of Jefferson's Jackson Byron's and 39 cents for Dipepsy to make you skinny
plus the clips of the songs are great too.
Also, one thing QM did that was totally awesome and turned a lot of people into new music
that wasn't heard in most of the country was the underground hour.
This is where Rick Shaw introduced listeners to Spirit, Jimmy, the collector's cream, John Stilton,
13th floor elevators, chocolate watch band, and countless other psychedelic and blues based rock groups
before they became nationally known.
I was going to ask him, but we didn't have any more time.
I want to hold him over because obviously he's got a lot of people want to talk to him and a lot of fish to fry
and a lot of cruises to play in and a lot of stuff to do and a lot of sleep to catch up on.
I was going to ask him which part of the career was his favorite.
You know, what, you know, right?
I would be like asking me which station was the best and where you had the most fun and what was it?
And I would say Zeta immediately.
Zeta.
Mm-hmm.
With the zoo crew.
Because it was FM because, I mean, we didn't have to go out and try to find people who listen to A.M.
because there aren't any.
We had like a building audience.
It was in set with a real single, too, and a hundred thousand watts FM people were actually hearing this station.
Drinking my coffee, and bungee and my tomato nut.
We did a full of it, though.
Oh!
It's bad enough to throw it down.
We did a full of it down.
Why didn't you work in my room with a darling nail?
We did a full of my diamonds.
And three.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And three.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And three.
Now, let me sit again.
You can knock him all you want.
And he's dead.
He can't fight back, you know?
He's going to win the same thing.
But I still got a kick.
I can kick the crush off him.
I want to bring those.
Very nice.
By the way something speaking
That thing that I was talking about I got it. Oh you got it. That's not like Ricky Tiki back when we made it
Go on with your strategy one and going
Go go play on Monday you guys we continue our year long salute to make sure
I'm alright Rick
He deserves a big tribute man
He deserves the tip of that he does it filthy cat that he wore used to yell
It's actually a dolphin game is my season tickets back when fat rich and I used to be the games actually pay for own tickets
We're just a few rows behind him
It ever be home dolphin game man. He'd be there and he turned around like tipped his cat to me a wave
I don't know why I never went down and talked to him because I thought I back in those days
I thought he hated me like poison you know
Maybe he did
Maybe that's what I love so well as we never talk very much, you know
That's a good way to get along. Sure. No seriously if you never talk to somebody
Have any arguments or agreements
Fist fights stuff like that
propositions
For all propositions now you can get your propositions nowadays right on your blackberry
You can be sitting there wood vinyl
And you look on your readies bizarre messages. I sure hope he's listening today too because I'm gonna tell you not cool in anybody
It's just yeah, you sometimes people don't know what it quit when they're ahead of the game
You know I'm saying yeah, and they just keep pushing remember the song by the seeds you're pushing too hard
You're probably got that the seeds that's the medley of their head smash
I don't know what year I say 68 69 pushing too hard by the seeds you know, I don't have oh no
You're gonna have to like create it now. How did you get that?
Spinner's thing by magic George has got this magic wand just like I got the magic wand right and play those clips from like the godfather
It's really I got this guy. I think you're
So yeah, Juan and he's magical
He's got he's got I have magic wand. I know some guys are gonna magic wand
But right there you bastard
Jim
Alright
She made show em all
A right
She won't man, he's a gay American
A dean of
Never knew why her hoodie had his bra all the time
Said she always looked delicious
And everything was fine and bad
But she should have been suspicious
Sometimes when they made love he called it red
She married a nice show em all
She won't man, he's a gay American
A dean of
This should be why your hoodie love burgers dry as sand
When she told over the story
A while he told her he was gay
He seemed a better fit for more
Only thing missing was the DNA
She married a nice show em all
A sexual man, he's a gay American
A dean of
Now you know why he went camping with his close friends
And you married a nice show em all
A sexual man, he's a gay American
You're fair
He used to dress like Peter Pan
Because he's a gay American
I think I'm going to start dressing up like Peter Pan
Maybe I can fly them
It's a lot cheaper than those damn expensive airlines
Wow, they really soak you
They squeeze the blood out of you man
You know people that want to like spend a lot of money out of you
I've heard of those kinds of people
Yeah, they're called wives
And others
People that like text you every now and then
Out of the blue
Oh, that was a bad choice of words
1247-13-1 at 560-22m
So speaking of this place
I was just thinking during that very weak Todd Pettingill bit
It's okay, it's pretty weak
I was thinking that the ratings
We've been on the station nine and a half years almost
And if you look back
And go to the ratings since Barry Jack has this so obsessed with the ratings
This shows that have had the highest ratings on this station
Have always been the ones that are non-sports
What do you mean shows this one and the Howard Stern show?
Oh, oh, I forgot all about that
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Right, am I right?
Well, yeah, far, I mean far way in above
Even when there wasn't another sports station going to hey number, you know
And to be very honest with it
They haven't got any like big number over there across the street
They've got a gigantic cube
And all they really have is Joe Rose
And the rest of it is just all window dressing
And they're not fooling me
Maybe they're fooling some of you people
They're not fooling me
Stoogots, when I start hearing about Stoogots, you know
I mean, it just
It just boggles my mind
This is not somebody who's a radio person who's a broadcaster
Who's got any knowledge of this business
This is a child
This is somebody that was a board op
This would be like Robert Creeper, the grim reaper
The Lord of the Board
Being the General Manager
What the hell is this?
Oh, the series
I'm blind
I'm sure a lot of the guys know how to do this before
Sure, now my life
I'm not talking about the song, I'm just talking about the expression
You're pushing too hard
So speaking of that, let's take a look at that poll before I continue
Irraculating here
1077, what's the source for most of your porn or what passes for porn
The internet, 696, almost 65%
Almost 2 thirds
DVD's 105
Oh, there's the president with the queen again
Isn't that lovely? With Queen Elizabeth
Which one is the most constipated?
Which one's the bigger waste of time?
Which one's the bigger butcher?
I don't watch 494, 8.7%
Yeah, we believe you
My imagination's 65, peeply in other people's windows is 41
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Keepin' to thy keyhole, baby
To the window
Go through the keyhole, watchin' mom and dad
He's been through the keyhole
The most one we ever had
Mom and dad were playing tag
Right there on the bag
Now let me ask you something
I know the one part here
Are you positive we can't play this?
You tell me, we listen to the break
If I recall there are a couple maybe three places in there
where we would have to bail
We'd have to bail out
We'll go to jail, go to choice jail
J.B.
Mommy, you start foaming
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
How about if we only play like a little, yeah, a little, like that
And pieces
Well it sounds like that's what daddy was gettin' a piece
Anyway 1077, peeping in other people's windows is 41
Video is 39
Catalogs like Victoria Secret 15
X-rated magazines, Playboy, Hustler, etc. 14
Comic books 4 and Softcore magazines like FHM, Naxim, etc. 4 out of 1085
Our goal is 1100
I just made that up
We've got that made in the shade, even Chris knows that
Well, see if I only play like
This could be a new way to play some of this stuff we can't play anymore
Just like a part of a word, you know
Like that
Just be careful what word comes up
But a part of the word
Hand
Yeah
Is not bad, right?
It's sad, right?
Hey keep going
You can't let me bother you
I've got to go through all this holy Moses
Now here's the fact that it says I've been listening since you were on Zeta up against Zuri Reynolds on she
Up against Zuri Reynolds
He was no compass weeness man
He was not even minor company
I am that hemorrhoid
Yeah
I live in Sarasota now says Mike Swach listen online
My favorite time was when you were on WLD with Mike Veniri before you
And Rick and Suds after
Wait a minute
Mommy
Um
Why
Because I know what we're not here and so it's funny
What do you mean what we're not here?
I know the bit so it's funny
Tandward Bobby
Bobby
Yeah
Bobby for dollars
I guess the apples may be
Bobby for apples is good
I don't know if you remember but I traded an autograph picture of Mickey Mantle Whitey Forge for an autograph for Ryan Sandberg and you scratched
You scratched the take-out of the package
Oh no
I was even listening the day you were late because of the bridge in the bridge center guy called yelling at you
You're the best guess I am Mike
I'm friends with the organ player for lightning so if you want to come up to tell oh here's another organ offer
This one on the fast machine
Wednesday I had organ now
Oh I bet you got Dave baby Cortez and a happy organ you got that
I'm going to look
Dave baby Cortez
I bet you got that he's got that swinging organ man
If you got it swing it
Anyway if you want to come up to Tampa to see the lightning plate Toronto or the Panthers let me know we have four tickets in the fourth row between the benches
Thank you Mike, go leave school I wonder if we got any hockey on my account
Dave baby Cortez and that happy organ he's swinging it and people are talking about it too
That's right
And you have a happy organ
You have a happy mind
That's right
I'm finding it
Well that's what the gist wasn't that message he got here today
Uh-huh
Would you like a happy organ?
Yeah
It was somebody that wanted to make that organ happy
I know
No, no team
My pen
Play it on it
Okay that's enough
That's a good song happy and that's a good instrumentals
It's cute
What do you mean it's cute
It's cute
Now let me ask you this question seriously
Why would anybody answer now?
What are you going to do because when you're on you do the phones you know you
Right
What are you going to do?
I'll continue
Taking the calls
Right
Or you're a crazy person
There's no question
Just look at me
Well I'm serious it's really very sad because what's happened here
And how many how long have I been screaming and carrying on and just waiting about this
Both on and off the ear and as they say in China, Gourmet's Health and
They just don't care they just don't want to make the effort and of course
Joyce if you think we're getting any cooperation from that pitch
And Robert Kent meanwhile is too busy awarded by you know
A craft that has nothing to do with me you know
But nonsense
With being a news
And addition to which there's somebody on my my space there who I guess thinks that he's being very helpful
I'm trying to think he's got like a Mickey Mouse he has never real profile
And he keeps sending me all these news stories
Which a lot of them are pretty good and I've used many of them on the ear but it's just it's reached to the point where just too much
You know what I mean?
Too much
I do know you mean
You follow what I'm saying
And sorry sometimes I can be like that or send too much mush or just too much or just you know
Give it to you away
We're not going to be that
We're all guilty or what?
Being too muchy sometimes
Oh well you know my intentions are always good though
That's right
I'm a good guy just ask me and I'll tell you
And maybe that's why I was getting that message around Wednesday and then again yesterday you know I mean
What's wrong with that? It's a good idea maybe you got some money for me
What? In fact yesterday you should have straightened that all out
You should
I don't know anything about it what are you talking about?
What do you mean you don't know anything about it?
I don't know what my official story everybody that I know
I know
I even went out on the street and downtown Toronto went to the Eden Center and I got a megaphone
And I said you have to leave what happened to me at Woodbuy Wednesday I was getting messages on my crackberry
Right
I was getting profusitioned on there
Well I have no intention of going there girlfriend
What do you want to do open up your windows and yell it up to the street
I'm going to do that right now
Hey guess what?
Hey how's it going hey?
These people here are so freaking nice
Not not all of them there's some idiots here like there are anywhere because there's five million people here so there's got to be idiots
But they are so nice and so polite and so damn friendly
And many of them are so
Oh God
See that's why we don't need any ass systems from anybody who's done this writing to us
Huchi kuchi messages on my crackberry
You had to admit that was one of the even though we can't it's a success on the earth yet
It was surreal
Yeah
Unleaveable as some people would say
Which is what compelled me to write all about it
I believe
What?
I said
Un
I believeable
Tell everybody that I know
I wrote it all in all detail I wrote it to Brandon I wrote the professor and I wrote it
What are you laughing about?
I did I took me a lot of time to write that whole story
I had to write a whole background thing on it and I wrote
I thought about the people too
Don't forget what?
I said I told a couple people too
Did you really?
Yeah
Oh good that's good
And who else did I tell about it?
And of course I told it to my close personal friends down there which you know one of them and one of me like one of me don't
Right
But anyway I told my wife and my mistress
Did tell your kids about it?
No no
1097 when the break is over we'll have over 1100 votes which isn't too bad
And the very jackass by the way continues to be a quizzling as long as I live I'll never forget that they have pierced the international airport in Toronto
I'm going home after weekend here whatever and near I see very well
I didn't even know him at the time he walks up to me
Oh hi Neil I'm very jackass I just want to tell you a lot of what you say about me is true
And I looked at him and I went
Do fair anyway
Uh huh
Uh huh like that just like John Levin
Uh huh
What's just happened there?
Oh don't tell me I knocked that down
Oh that's because I still got this going
And Jill most got whiplash
I don't know what
I almost got whiplash
And she always got whiplash
Oh brother I'm going to play the whole thing one of these days
Okay just got the rail
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers air and balance one to two hours
Woooah
So the next time you're on the toilet
Back down
There's a way you can save the planet
When you clean yourself too
It just wants
But you kind of want to work again
Why?
Baby you want to work again but just don't
Oh
One square is the greenness
When you can't wipe one square is the greenness
If you love the planet you won't use more
Everybody will wipe like me and I'll go
One square is the greenness
Think when you wipe one square is the greenness
So come on everyone do your part
Even if you wonder with some skin marks
I mean I know she's a crazy person but is she really serious with this whole one square she'll end the chrome?
Yeah she really is
Just just think about that for about a second and we can say not bad right?
No I can say a new box
Not box
If she a new box or a new box
She's a new box bag
What do you think we say we go for 1200 christ?
No
Yeah why not?
I think you're crazy it's a Friday afternoon it's the 11th of May
It's tomorrow is a week after El Cinco de Mayo
This is Mark and I was thinking about since I'm not taking any calls for the next 600 weeks
What I'm going to do is I think I'm going to hold an hour windbag and Alice Marvaz
Some of the guys that have made the other day part so strong
And we can get them on the show
And we can sell the show and their segments
Add them to their own live spot
Let's get some filler material in here
Right
People who nobody reads their columns and newspapers in the first place
But let's put them on the radio
They're not broadcasters and in fact that qualifies them to be on both of these radio stations
This one and the one that they're so obsessed with across the street
They're not worrying about competing with because they never even come close to our number
And they're not a sports show
Doesn't that kind of sum it up right there?
The fact that they're always worried about what did the other place do in mid-day
We're not a sports show here
That's not our competition
Wouldn't anybody who understands talk radio know that?
What? What did you just say?
Anybody who understands talk radio
See that was the after the phrase that they were supposed to grab onto just grab onto the brass ring
But they don't get it. They have no background in it. They don't understand it. And of course when you put a Clarence Vera
Who's like a 10 year old child in an older body when you put him in charge
You know that Gornisch-Telfin, you know it's a lost cause
So I'm just going to show up every day and we'll do a fine job
And I'm not taking any calls and I'm listening until they want to do something about that situation
And the Volcan for the Endless situation he could squash all three or four of those people
No that situation?
No, what is it?
Well whatever he's always talking about the situation
You better get with him Mr. You're not following your Kimba Volcan for material
I bet your Chris understood that
Oh yes, I know
You didn't? No
You didn't understand that situation
Well the least chicken neck does cause he's always making fun of that cause Kimba's always saying what are the adult in situation
He always says that
And you notice that once again chicken that creates characters that are much more interesting and much more much funnier than the original one
They would listen to me about that we might have had a number somewhere along the line
But oh no, you know
Anger that it be loved member of his squad have been killed in the explosion
The US Marine urinated on one of the 24 dead Iraqi civilians killed by his unit in Haditha the more testified Wednesday
He peed on him
Sargent Sandic Delacruz, who has immunity from prosecution after murder charges against him were dismissed
Also said he watched his squad leader shoot down five Iraqi civilians who were trying to surrender
In dramatic testimony in a pre-traumat hearing form of the seven Marines Sargent in November 2005 Haditha killings and les cover up
Delacruz described his bitterness after Rostra Vom ripped Lance Corporal Miguel Tarazaz known as TJ into two bloody pieces
I know it was a bad thing what I've done but I've done it cause I was angry TJ was dead and I peed he didn't say peed but I can't say the other word
I peed on one Iraqi's head
Said an unemotional Delacruz I mean talk about illiterate
I know it was a bad thing what I've done but I've done it cause I was angry TJ was dead and I peed on one Iraqi's head
Although it is a rinds got good illiteration to it
Said an unemotional Delacruz in military corpsmen camped in North of San Diego
Delacruz also said he watched squad leader Sargent Frank Woodridge shoot five men who I'm not sure we can really say that
Colleague Joyce see if we can say that it sounds like a body part
It sounds like uterus
Sargent Frank Woodridge shoot five men whose hands were tied up near a car
Delacruz also said he shot the five men as they laid on the ground
You know I want to try this again because I think you're overreacting here
Okay I might be
Warwick walked to me and told me that if anybody asked
They were running away in the Iraqi army shot them Delacruz testified
Three Marines have been charged with murder for offices have been charged with their listen of duty
And I'm structing the investigation
Watching mom and dad
Beeping through the keyhole the most we ever had
Now I think it will take like one illiterate of time
Or maybe one syllable
Yeah, well mom is not a sad
1113 on the pull-up by the way we got
52 minutes to get another 87 both
That's less than two a minute Chris you can do it
Come on get your magic wand out
Told you it's not pretty weird
And got a plane tag
Now what's wrong with that? I think so far
Okay, I think what we can do
Maybe I just came up with a solution for all the problems of the Joyce created problems
Is we can take bits and pieces of like playing bagpipes and the sofa king and then and all the stuff we can play
They 80% of the material we got on the DCS and like piece them all together
And just play the parts that we can play
Okay, it's not going to be funny 20 minute show using what it'll be a 20 minute show
Right there on the bed
Bed
Oh my god, he sure got a good head on his shoulders
Oh, so speak of that message
Now I don't want to go into it
You talk about it sometime if you're in the mood
Right, you should have talked about it
You're not did you go to lunch with this person yesterday holding
This person was here in the building
And you looked at him with a straight face and didn't feel like I can look at people with
Well, there you go
Another one with mommy using your boobies like maybe it's like a door stop
1113 click that baby
Let's see if we're gonna actually make 1200 that that would put me into a real good frame of mind for the weekend
Although it's still 1113 especially for that early Saturday morning woodbind session
I have every week it's still stuff there 1113 we're not going to get no 12
Why couldn't you just settle for 11 Chris?
You crazy person or what? I think I've been a bad influence on you see we always
Set the target way too high
So Friday afternoon is the middle of May for Christ's sake what what are you thinking about?
Gonna get another hundred votes on here in an hour yeah on a Friday on what used to be back in the day
Back when we had the audience back when his station was like viable and living and breathing
Before this new regime came in and just butchered it and ripped it to bloody little pieces
Back in the day we did it easily
Concerns focused on US interest that there's a US military facilities in that country
And Jim what kind of efforts have been going on there in Germany to fight on the fight on the military?
I see on my screen, I'm sure I'm trying to be taken out
I think you know what's up again about a possible terrorism on US interest in Germany better not be in Berlin because each being on Berlin or baby
They better leave my friends in Berlin alone respond in particular I can think of don't be messing with him
Because I want to be messing with him
Now how come I don't get the text message from him?
Because you want them
1118 we got nice chunk in there I think you can do a Chris you got 50 minutes and you need 82 votes
The ratio is still doable it's a doable deed you know
Yes just like in Berlin when I found out it was a doable deed you know I did I do it
Sometimes you have wishes and sometimes they're unduable and you know
Yeah you can do it and it turns out to be doable and you do it
If it's good and it's doable do it that's my philosophy in life
If it's looking for your money and for to get into your will and you know sucking around
Where there's a will there's a gate
1122 now see now we start to make some progress there's Arnold 42 42 44
Helicopter five yet tank us to the oil oh my god and to think this man this man is the governor of the largest California okay
Oh my god remember that thing ahead this is the sixth largest economy in the world the city California
And he's the governor whose the literate whose father was a Nazi in Austria
Who's a real peace of terms is married to Maria Schreiber with no chin and you wonder why America's got problems
You wonder why Bush is in there with a bunch of Nazis destroying the country I bet your Arnold's got something to do with it
And you don't mess with a terminator I'll say to that 1124 you need 76 votes
I think Chris can do it we're gonna push him right over the uh
Who's gonna get breaking up low
Ricky Williams say goodbye
You're for all
Oh Ricky how can you do this I want to stroke your legs
And slip your crack with my greasy nose
But you rather slow this cliff now I'm pulling up my thigh
For the season
You dashed my hopes of memory bliss here's well open my eyes
Oh no what parent reason I'm like bus of the dude
There's no AC in my trailer and then I find you no longer here
You'd have a day like my bus of failure and over the hearts of all those forced wheeze
Oh no what a fit it's nice now you're the real John
It's your toes I've walked in my mouth on the path of the skies
I've used to have to write some old radio
Who leads us like this
And only shacks comes we can feel
Oh speaking of
Gully is on for a mad dog today to deform this warning ahead of time
Don't say we didn't warn you
1135 and a poll we need 65 more votes in 43 minutes
And I bet you Chris is working feverishly right now behind the scenes
To make sure he can put that together for us isn't he?
Huh right so what are you thinking you think and positively you don't want to go in a weekend
Fallen short that's bad we got it really bad especially after Barry Jack has
Wrote that we're dying over here and we're old and we got so much older between December when we kicked
As we were number one and January when we had that bogus month and the hit of bogus month across the street
Of course we had older yeah but he got older man
Well he needs some younger people maybe that Evan Cohen ought to be on there
Maybe we ought to get some a 10 year old kid from DeMoy who's got a great arm and they like that
Stupid stupid stupid stupid and he even wrote it in the middle of the zone article and he just
To stupid to realize it and after the reason people were listening to the last year was because of the comedy bits and the humor and the stuff
Not because they're talking about ball games okay
People who talk about ball games and take it seriously need very very serious assistance you know I'm saying
And then there's some things people don't want to hear about on your hockey I mean I'm a big hockey fan I watch the game last night
Unfortunately Buffalo just totally what were they doing what were they doing the sabers coughing it up handing it away breakaway after breakaway
The center just kicked their ass made me very depressed but nevertheless I watched it there's no interest
So I don't talk about it you notice that I finally wised up I mean you know Burmese 500 times you're not going to Burmese 501
Horse racing people know that there is no interest none the none zero
There's a you know like 50 old talkers who hang out of the rail down there at colder and a Gulf Stream and that's about it
Lester Greenshire at that crowd that's it I
Rowan bag I mean speaks for itself you're gonna be pleased with this story though all right you're gonna be very you're gonna be happy camper
Walmart stores ink posted its worst monthly same store sales results in at least 28 years
Calying a 3.5% decline in April to this year's early Easter as well as generally challenging economic conditions for consumers
Walmart's 3.5% drop in the four-week period ending May 4 at US stores fell below its earlier forecast of flat sales to a 2% decline
In a recorded full message yesterday Walmart blamed bad weather last month in most US regions in the early Easter on April 8 which pushed many Easter sales into March
Same store sales major sales gains the losses its stores open for least a year
There were key indicator of the returns a retailer reefs on the capital it spends
Reef what you sow is not gonna say that in the good book you shall re-put you sow or sow
I think it's so so say that in there it says Walmart is so so something like that or so and so
1141 let's see if we can't do this thing up and get it start and get close
So that hopes rings eternal now the nice chunk therefore it's just a 46 and that's without even taking eight calls here for quite a while
And I'm gonna tell you this right now Joe Bell comes in where new you and says something about taking calls on the show and one I'm on you can take all the calls you want you can be a
Massacres you can wind up in a loonie bin like Renfell I will huh I'm halfway there already so yeah
But if he ever says anything like that just looking at just you know I'm gonna tell you right now where you should say to him okay
All right, that's right just looking right in the on go
Hey Joe yeah what do you know I mean anybody that's talking seriously about putting tapes best of tapes on the air I mean one day a week
This has to be a crazy person. Well, you know we've only substitute Neil Rogers so much before it's not the Neil Rogers show anymore
Right
Cindy sheen is a very sad column. Do I have time to read it? I'll make time no more I know she writes more needless carnage isn't on this working chip more needless carnage by Cindy sheen
She says I had difficulty making the purchase of George ten its new book with a multi-million dollar advance already
I didn't want to contribute to someone who's already profited so obscenely from other people's dead children
The self-congratulatory book passing book was even more difficult to read but when I came to the last paragraph and read the above quote about tenants precious son John Michael
I began to cry in my uncomfortable airplane seat the quote was my son John Michael is the best son of dad can have he'll always be my pride and joy
In his book at the center of the storm
Cindy sheen says I believe that Casey was the best son of mom and dad could have he was our first our immense pride and joy
Casey served as church and one capacity rather from the time he was eight years old for the day he died at Palm Sunday Mass he attended the morning of his murder in an ambush
He was an eagle scout an honest student a trusted friend a loving big brother and the best son of mom could have the above paragraph reads like an obituary because Casey is dead in part because of tenant support of a president for whom he has great affection
Condi we have a problem tenant firstly begins the chapter on the sixteen words the sentence that justified in illegal war of aggression was the British government has learned that son of Hussein recently sought significant quantities of eraning from Africa
The CIA was successful in making the White House take these words out of a birth speech October 2002 but when the words that everyone knew were lies were included in the 2003 state of the Union speech shortly before shock and awe
Tenet did not publicly stand up do the right thing and refute the claim as a matter of fact knowing all the facts were false and or skewed he sat behind Colin Powell when the then secretary state lied to the UN thereby giving the false statements more credibility
George tenant also praises George Bush for taking so much time with his son John Michael to help him through the rough times that can come being the son of a DCI
George B should know since he was the son of another dishonest DCI
George teen with his brain and heart that the invasion of Iraq was wrongly justified but he allowed this country to rush headlong and the inevitable disaster by his silence in slam dunk cheerleading he's complicit in the death of almost 3,400 best sons and daughters of other moms and dads
How can tenant looking the eyes of John Michael and not see their extinguished heart lights of hundreds of thousands of Iraqi humans how can he and the killer neocons live with their own selves and sleep in that well night without being hunted by the souls of these that their crimes have needlessly killed why is John Michael not in boot camp
Intense confession of incompetence and conniving he also called George Bush's chief of staff and group card the most honorable man he's ever known
This is the same Andy card who formed and led the White House Iraq group which was an internal working group whose task was to sell the invasor of Iraq to a global American public and include other honorable people such as scooter livy carrying hues, kandy, steven-hatley and bushes brain-car robe
This group leaked false intelligence news to such friendly before this is due to Miller formerly of the New York Times who came up with such deliberately misleading terms as smoking gun and mushroom cloud
In a much publicized letter my friend Raymond governor of the retired CIA intelligence analyst called for tenants return his presidential medal or freedom which he unacquivatively refuses to do in any interview I've seen him give recently
I agree with George to he earned his medal by silence and his court recipients that year Jerry Bremmer and General Tommy Frank's retired also earned their medals for their callous incompetence
The three did the jobs the president set out for them to do the presidential medal of freedom has about as much validity is our corrupt elections the corrupt 9-11 commission the corrupt congress the corrupt corporate media in our own constitution has been thoroughly corrupted disobeyed ignored and trampled on by everyone in the Bush regime and most congress folks who complacently go along with us of dutch and American republic
Let George ten to keep his little metal he knows why he received it it was payment for rolling over like an abused dog that submissibly offers his belly and licks the hand of the master who beats him
For all these honorable people their lies their average their cruelty and yes their treasonous premeditated war my son and hundreds of thousands of others are dead or mentally or physically wounded a country's being destroyed on a daily basis and bush co is still roaming free to commit their high crimes against humanity
sitting president survives presidents can't legally be sued for what they do in office but as far as I know there's no such prohibition against suing the disgrace dc i
is there a lawyer out there in cyberland who wants to represent families in a wrongful death injury class action suit against George tenet contact me please she says can't case him on at yahu dot com stories on our website by syndesian
two days before mother's day
there you are still
oh
live in fifty four working to increase you can do it
forty six votes
back in the day when someone done a strong
we didn't take their crap
in girl harbour or when the jabs dropped their bombs
bar we found them back and other soddies they hit us high
and on our cards our little flags wave
has that's on you love it recharged voice of our
the wrong way
and
of embarrassed to be in America where they follow
who's like she
the United States of
America
the white bush and family
they got this country
and the late door
the darkest days in our history
I don't want to be a packs of
America
in the
USA
what's a few thousand innocent lives
stop living in the past
if you want that SUV to drive
you're gonna need more gas
it's the greatest country in the world
they train us to believe
and anyone who says that
obviously
and the four to the
and of embarrassed to be
in America where we take triathletically
wave a flag in what hand
with our head in the sand
and lightly follow the powers that
have a fantastic
Washington State
from you on a 65 in
screen
scratcher
five
everything's okay
in the
USA
oh yeah what a contrast man
you saw what happened with
Bubba and a stain on the blue dress
and the media in all whipped up into a frenzy
and Kenny star and Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup Bup
and Monica Gate and Yadi Yadi Yadi
but nevertheless now we got all these dead people
and just like that
Cindy Sheen Kuhlman
that was heartbreaking man
I just I had a hard time
very much so yeah
piece of crap tenet
piece of crap all of them
all these these whole
fascist regime
and the public is like
you know we need 45 more
votes in 28 minutes Chris
I don't think you're going to do it
we're going to do it
yeah you're going to do it all right
you keep eating like that
you're going to be doing a lot
it's like the queen was doing
tuba George and mommy to talk about
no I didn't
so what what day this summer
you're going to tell that story
about that
text message
what's the first day
eleven fifty six the first day is
I think my next vacation is like
June 15 something like that
look on the counter
and look at what they
is Friday
I got it written down here
June 15th
Friday
I will not be there on the 15th
which means that's the day you're going to be
well if I were you I wouldn't be
blurtin out too much
I can say anything
I'm just telling you for your own
you know
yeah look I don't care anyway
I ain't none of my business
you care no I don't
I have about that
yes you do you care
it's funny I care about that
it's not going to be a very hysterical
and it is going to be a very
until as far as I care
because people people would be
driving off the road
they'd be driving into
cricks and cricks
and swimming holes
like that guy I'm for
a lot of day
getting cricks in their necks
yeah they would
I think I'd get a crick in my neck
just to that ever
and half
oh the thought of that
is just so
I mean I'm I'm walkin' to lunch
and I'm reading in fact
I was walkin' on the way to the
kinkos to mail that FedEx
to you right
which you did get by the way
and you're sending out the good stuff
for my close personal friend
oh well I'll send it Monday
I forgot to bring in the original
actually I brought in the copies
I misunderstood the project
so
well what what differences make
which one you send out?
I guess not
when in doubt
send it out
I don't want to start playing
which boss here
because I never do that
but in this particular case
but it involves you know
I mean it's not like
an emergency like it's going to
but it's not
no no it's all I might not
have a padded envelope this
but I'll look around
you know the choice is yours
padded envelope or padded
self take your choice
still up in 57 criss you need
43 votes in 26 minutes
that's not to a minute
but boy it's sure not
not not much happening there
unless you get a chunk or two
we need some chunks
on our pool here
and it's a
see the reason
that we're not getting
humongous is because it's a one
when you got 65% almost
with one answer
it's not like there's some
controversy or something
there's no controversy
the internet is where they
get most of their porn
most of the audience
shame on them not
I just want to know the websites
1157 we still
it's just not changing
you're dead meat man
I'm just telling you right now
I did meat not going to have
okay
what do you think
we'll do it
not looking too promising
man when we
although this is always the time
it's like about 35 after
the hour I think this is when
when Eric steps on the break
up there in Orlando
he slams on the break
and he puts his finger
on the big button
or he puts his thumb on it
and we got another one
1158
wow so anyway I'm sitting there
at woodbind at my machine
in the blackberry buzzes
and I'm going to
not capberry
not I don't want to go
into it
you have to admit it
just I mean when I told you
what I tell you yesterday
morning that they before
yeah
whatever morning
yes in between telling everybody
else that I knew in the world
and it just was one of the most
bizarre experiences of my
lifetime I can't tell you
though what it was
but use your imagination
who writes this
Kevin White Law
he resurgents men
as US spy agency
say I'll cut his stuff
leave his wants on the
one of regroup
heck of a job there
brownie in the WNL
you are fascist
when president
Bush talks about
or some of the law
these days it's usually
the rally support for the
US effort in Iraq
last month he told an
audience that been
lawman in his
al-Qaeda network
have made it clear they
want to drive us from
Iraq to establish
safe haven in order to
launch further attacks
but over the past year
US intelligence agencies
have completely revised
their assessment of
al-Qaeda and reached an
alarming conclusion
been lawman already
has a safe haven in
Pakistan and may be
stronger than ever
in Pakistan
the shift is dramatic
two years ago
when the head of the
defense intelligence
agency vice-admiral
Lowell Jacobi went to
Capitol Hill to
deliver his annual
threat assessment he
described al-Qaeda
leaders as battered and
isolated.
Osama bin Laden in his
senior leadership no
longer exercise centralized
control and direction
control congress.
The more serious
strategy ended was a
burgeoning network of
individual extremists
entrepreneurial cells
inspired by bin Laden.
That judgment
essentially remained on
changed through 2006.
When the courthead of the
DIA, Lieutenant General
Michael Maples visited
Capitol Hill this year he
warned that the group
leaders are residing in
actively plotting from
their new base in
Pakistan.
Al-Qaeda retains the
ability to organize
complex mass-casuality
attacks and
inspire others Maples
said al-Qaeda has
consistently recovered
from losses of senior
leadership.
And it goes on.
It's alongside research
and minutes by Kevin White
Law.
But we're worried about
Bubba and a blue dress
baby and at the
stain that seem in the
stain on the blue dress.
That's the bad stuff.
You allow to say that.
What?
Seaman?
Are you going to start
up with me again?
Because you've
been watching.
Where is that thing?
Or what?
I'm just trying to find
that traffic.
Oh, there it is.
Hey, Bella!
That one.
Scared the hell out of
myself.
1170 on here.
What do you think we
need?
Do we have 23 minutes for
30 votes?
That's not even close to
a minute.
Chris is pretty confident.
And of course, he's
not interested in saying,
why do you keep wasting your
time with us?
Because of that.
Because of that.
1170 won't.
They're right?
No.
You can do it!
Yeah, because it's
something to do with it.
You're going to have a
goal, baby.
It's not going to
hockey game.
You shoot for the goal,
goal, or like in a
soccer match.
You shoot for the goal, if
you ever get close enough
with a hundred yards.
1172.
20 votes in 22 minutes.
That's really more than
one minute.
Now, we got the oxygen
tanks in yet for, uh,
well, that's right.
Speaking of helium,
first we got the helium tank
and it keeps yelling
going, before then we got
the hopper.
For two and a half long
hours, four to six-
thirty.
Now, we're going to have
Ira win back on today
or Bino.
Gaskin.
Who?
No, it's just, I'm just
saying, I say, I say, I
I'm not asking anybody.
Say, rhetorical question.
Whatever that means.
It's the twa Friday, you
bastard.
And then the Lord said,
let there be light and
Lord, there was light from
the same people who brought
to the much beloved talking
Bible comes a new ten volume
set, brilliantly updated
for the eighties.
Yes, it's the rapping Bible.
That was dark everywhere.
Then the man said,
the light was there.
He said, I've done good.
There's no doubt on the seventh
day.
He just chill out.
Jenna sits.
Jenna sits.
Beginning of that.
Beginning of this.
Finally, a good book.
And here's where it is.
Max Bell checking out.
There's a town called
Sotter and Dora.
Everybody's like, no
tomorrow.
God's a damn set.
Now my fault.
Don't look back or you turn to
saw.
The sweat is at the peak.
Stun it to drink.
The cow came up and
next to her cheek.
Take a next y'all.
I'll be cheeky y'all.
Imagine all the song.
All the parables.
Every sacred, difficult word.
Interpreted by the finest
sucker MCs of all time.
Genesis.
Exodus.
Deuteron.
Deuteron.
The rapping Bible.
Making his word
Dress again.
The Bible.
The Genesis.
Is that like top liver or
what?
That's where all the pro-vision
are.
And don't touch that.
And don't beat no ice cream today.
What do you think?
Please don't.
I mean, please don't.
I'll do whatever the high
line will be.
I know you will.
Just don't be getting
pushed in.
Don't be getting pushed in.
I don't think I want any.
Look at that.
It's 68.
It's going to be 75.
The sun is shining.
Man, what a wonderful.
It's a little hazy though.
1184.
We need 16 votes and 16 minutes.
I'm sure Chris has
got a big smile on this push now.
Can you tell between the
rolls of fat?
Huh?
Well, I mean, I think you
believe you're in.
But it's just, you're in.
Maybe we're going to give it
the next time I click that,
it's going to be a big chunk
on there because it's just
not happening.
That bothers me a lot.
Do you believe me?
Nope.
Oh, okay.
Well, I make it up.
Just to try to, it's the
psych thing.
If you move quickly, you know,
if you call now, like Mr.
Ego, look where Scott
him doing that stuff.
Got him to be a born again
Christian adopting 85 kids.
I totally Nick Lawrence is
one of our, uh, my space.
Well, there's a vote.
See, I told you there's one
coming in.
We need 15 votes in 15 minutes.
We need 16 tons.
You load 16 tons.
And what are you good?
Another day older and deeper
in debt.
That's my story.
St. Peter don't call me
because I can't go.
I owe my soul to the company
stole Tennessee.
Only for a baby.
It was number one for
a hundred weeks in a row.
Well, the music was sure
corny back then in the 50s.
You know what?
You load 16 tons.
And what are you good?
I bet you're chicken
I remember is that real, real big.
He's on Capitol records too, by the way.
Chicken, Tennessee or any
Ford with a mustache.
You ever see him?
You ever see him?
You know who that is?
Sure.
And he was on I Love Lucy.
That one episode.
That's a cousin early.
I love Lucy.
Here's that Germany story.
Each be nine Berliner, by the way.
Don't forget.
Oh boy.
Do I like it there?
I was a little slow.
I think you just have to go right now.
Otherwise I have this.
Just forget I had a sign.
No.
People say a man is made
know what I'm on.
But they make the voice deeper
than us.
Through the way we stand,
the balls of the nose.
Then the blood, then the skin.
Then the bones.
The mind that's a weekend, the back, that's strong.
You load 16 tons.
Oh, you get...
Tell me as to the...
Yes.
Older and deeper and then.
Now do you think it's true that guys with...
I don't know that you would know of course,
but guys with deep voices have gigantic cajones,
necessarily no.
Oh.
I should probably know the answer to that.
Although I don't know.
I never really thought about it.
Take a survey.
Okay, I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
I'll know.
Two days and four days Mid Northeast
Men we live in Henry,
Henry.
Henry.
Henry,
I got this news on Donny Season 2.
laughter

If it wasn't me I would steal any of those
for sick children.
No.
canmil
NO.

Unis
sensing
franchise in Europe, a franchise, is that like Taco Bell or what, a franchise.
Other members of the intelligence committee told CNN they felt the threat information
was vague on timing.
The Department of Homeland Security issued, and remember what I've been telling you, everything
in life is timing.
Ninety percent of life is timing, being in the right place in the right time, or vice
diversity.
The Department of Homeland Security issued a statement saying there was no credible intelligence
to suggest an internet threat on US soil.
The US State Department made from 20th Senate on a war, it's his warden message.
Do you think they mean warning message?
Warden message.
What's a warden message?
I don't know.
I think it's a typo here by the, if I see an end, they suck.
Saying US diplomatic and consular facilities in Germany are increasing their security
posture, we're taking these steps in response to a heightened threat situation.
By increasing their posture, did they mean they're like, who's stepping?
Is that what it is?
Because that should be fit in with the times in which we live, baby.
Who's stepping?
They had a level of concern, sufficient to cause the news of the warden message.
That's the right word.
I don't know what that means, a warden message, you?
No, I don't.
State Department spokesman Sean McCormick said today asked about the reports of a terrorist
plopping discovery said, I don't have anything new on that.
German interior minister Wolfgang Scheibel told ABC Wolfgang, the danger level is high
and we're part of the global threat by Islamist terrorism.
US air marshals are providing additional protection or flights between Germany and the
US law enforcement officials.
So I wouldn't be flying to Frankfurt anytime soon if I were you.
I mean, you can go ahead.
Frankfurt.
It would have been to Frankfurt.
It's crap.
I don't like it.
Hamburg was a beautiful city, but I don't know.
It was not the same.
But Frankfurt is very low, I don't know, it's like the financial center, but not a tourist
place.
And the people there are mostly from Morocco and Algeria, they're not like real German.
Like in Berlin and Cologne.
Although maybe the people in Berlin and Cologne are not real Germans, maybe the real Germans
are like the one in Frankfurt, like Hennellas, Slavily and Slope.
I don't think so.
I think the real German people are the beautiful people in Berlin and in Cologne, HB9
Berlin.
1193, you need seven votes, you got 11 minutes.
That should be a shoe in.
Shouldn't it?
Yes, it would be.
That was George Tenant said it's a slam dunk.
1194.
1194, see there's another one, you got 10 minutes for six votes.
Let's stay on until we get to 1200.
Even if it's like 215, Geli won't mind.
And the audience certainly will be upset about that.
Geli will be on a two for a mad dog, Seth.
I was Geli going to tell us what's going to happen when the hockey games go someplace else
or is he swore in a secrecy on that?
You guys can meet.
I don't know.
I'm just asking out loud.
You know what I'm watching the numbers on here.
I'm thinking out loud.
I don't want to like sit here and leave like the sounds of silence for Christ's sakes.
What are you thinking about leaving me to?
I'm thinking about lunch.
And you know what?
I bet it doesn't love 96.
We need four votes and we got 10 minutes, 9 minutes and the 16 seconds to do it.
Easy, piece of cake.
I'm not going to have another lunch like I did the other day.
Although, if I started getting a whole bunch of text messages like I did Wednesday,
I might just have a big lunch.
Because that's what put me over the edge.
Read all of that stuff.
I thought, oh no, I just, I got so distraught.
You know what I mean?
And during that whole big lunch, the messages kept coming in.
The hits kept on coming.
Or at least the messages did anyway.
Three minutes.
Three votes to go till Trump 100.
What do you got on yours, Chris?
1197.
Oh, for a crime.
Come on, let's get this thing over where they always do this stuff.
I bet you there's three people out there and they got their finger up in here and they're just ready to tap that baby and the poll too.
They're ready to tap the poll.
Wouldn't be the first time.
I keep hitting that view current thing, view current, view current, and it just, it just ain't happening, man.
I think maybe we maxed out.
Maybe that's the whole audience now.
1197.
You got anything more?
No.
Either one of you, huh?
No.
1197.
We need three more votes.
We got eight minutes and 12 seconds to do it.
Now you folks out there, you know damn well you can do it.
Even if you voted 50 times already, you can write again.
But they're just, they're, huh?
It'll come in.
It'll come in.
Your ship will come in.
Yeah.
How you spilling that?
No, it's still stuck on 1197.
I think Eric has put the cabash on it.
He put the brakes on.
He put the emergency brake on it.
You got 98?
Yeah.
Oh, that's great.
1198.
1199.
1199.
Here we go.
We're on the edge of greatness.
Let's get all that stuff to you up here.
Wait a minute.
1200.
Get out.
I think we're going to change the seat myself.
What were you going to do?
We're going to change the seat.
Well, I'll write.
Sports valve.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
That's more like it.
There you go.
The sound of Florida, baby.
BOW!
We hate you.
I love that.
I think one of these days, I just played that for over four hours.
In fact, I got a good idea.
Joe, I bet you would like it really fantastic.
We'll play a tape of that for four hours.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
I'm going to play a beat now.
You don't like he'll believe so you need a reason.
I'll give you one impact.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
I'll give you two.
