And he's annoying me, yelling words of thousands to give me.
And when someone goes baseline, he starts screaming things on easily,
screeching like a benchy to give me.
Oi!
To give me!
To give me!
To give me!
To give me!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
He should shut his fire hole, to give me.
Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-check me, when he is off camera.
The glare from his head is blinding me,
Where did this guy come from, to give me.
Everything is awesome,
and everyone's a B-T-B.
We should keep it structured to give it
To give it to give it to give it to be
To give it to me ahead to give it to me
To give it to give it to be
To give it to me ahead to give it to me
Oh my God!
I'm dying out of here!
That was a cheap shot you took, saying that to the only thing our morning show needs is an audience that was bad.
I can't believe you said that.
Well, 10.0560 WQAM.
This is one of the funniest things I've ever seen in my life.
Which one?
There's so much...
Oh, is that gay?
And what column is this from?
O'Pom Beach Post.
Is this the O'Zee Landbeat?
Oh yeah!
It says, well, well, well.
Seems the Governor Charlie Christ's buddy romance with one of our own is heating up.
Three weeks ago, Paige, to report that Christ the first single governor in four decades, gay.
Had gone on a date with suburban West Palm Beach woman who was a star contessent in the upcoming reality series,
hottest mom in America, Kelly Heininger.
Since then, Christ has been telling his entourage he's taken with you 36-year-old.
He's taken.
He's smitten.
He's gay.
All right.
Woo!
Lo and behold, who will send a Koccinan Palm Beach late Friday?
That's right, Christ and Heininger holding hands.
My spy witnessed that the she-sheet joint says there was no heavy canutling, but bow-cru-eyed-o-eye contact.
No canutling.
In other words, no touching, but just croutie-coutie from across the table.
They came a little canutling on the river a lot when I loved them.
Oh my God.
And there's more in that fact too, well, I'll say that in my pile.
From 164 friends in my space, I just mentioned that in passing.
We got no dots.
We got no audience.
The trends came out on Friday, if you missed them and believe me, didn't miss much.
Wow!
Now, as everybody back today is a jolly jolly bell return, probably not too jolly,
after taking a look at that.
And Clarence is she back from being the UN Babasca ball groupie, a silly person?
Clarence, yes, I have not seen Jo.
Oh.
Well, maybe he ain't coming back.
Would you come back?
Yeah, I'm sure he's getting paid.
You know, I'm thinking it's what?
About a little over a year that he's been there?
The General Manger?
Okay.
Oh, I would say that a little bit over a year.
And in that year, man, the...
It's just on this radio station, especially in morning driving, afternoon driving.
It's like, let's get a search party, is there?
Hello!
Hello!
Is there anybody out there, huh?
No.
Wow.
Holy moly, right, man.
And again, the engineering situation can use it.
Nothing changes.
Now, that's not true.
Chris got a new computer last week.
Nothing changes.
Only the underwear changes, and that's on this end.
I got my box of shorts on here, nice and clean, from the washing machine.
It's got a nice, like I'm on a little washer and dry in here.
I got everything that, you know, your heart could desire.
Well, just about.
Not everything.
Hmm.
At any rate, Robert Sharersoff, his deputies, will conduct a traffic check point operation this Wednesday.
Oh, I don't know.
Do I want to do it this far ahead?
No, let me stick that in here.
Remind me.
Why don't we do it today?
And let me apologize for that pool.
Now, Charlie B sent another 400 pools today.
I got a pile of half way to the ceiling of all these pools.
So obviously, when you come up with that many ideas, some of them would be really great.
And some of them, not so great.
Like the one today.
But it was at the top of the pile.
I don't know what kind of a stupid ass pool can I put on there for tomorrow?
And there it is.
I mean, it's almost like paper or plastic.
You know, rational or spastic.
What?
I'm a spastic.
I confess to it.
I'm just a spaz.
That's all I am.
I've turned into a spaz in my advanced years.
And I guess that's my fate for until I stick my ass in the ground.
I'm just going to be, but I don't want to look at that spastic.
Brad Delp, the lead singer for Boston.
I see, I don't know why I'm doing it because I'm in the habit now from the last couple of weeks
that we had the dots and the phone was actually working again.
And I keep looking up there and there there's no dots.
So whether anybody was calling or not, it's not relevant because I couldn't see it anyhow.
And then what's the point?
What's the use?
Is there an engineer in the building?
Yeah, fix it was in here.
Oh, no, I said is there an engineer in the building?
And I told Clarence about the problem and they're running around looking for something to do about it.
Every single time you sit down, it should be like falling your ass out of bed in the morning.
It shouldn't be any big deal.
But anyway, it is.
It is because it's the Q&A anyway.
And of course the other place across the street, they got billboards.
They're out there promoting.
And they kicked our ass in the morning and I couldn't drive.
And even though we beat him pretty handily in midday,
the number was much too close to the number that never has been I would say.
When you?
Yes.
Closer than never has been like, I'm thinking between 10 and 2 we got about a five and then.
And they got a two.
Well, that's not close, but it's closer than it should be.
That's because these people are in a coma.
Somebody needs to wake these bastards up.
Somebody needs to get a pitch fork and pitch a little hell with these bastards.
This place needs a freaking exorcism.
But anyway,
Brad Delp leads singer for Boston a huge rock sensation in the 70s,
although just about anybody hated Boston and doesn't everyone hear the music he can,
including me.
Do you want to hear the music?
Not again.
I mean, it was fine in a time.
It was okay.
It was okay.
It wasn't that it was fine.
It was, it was great in it today.
Anyway, Brad Delp was found dead Friday in his home police city was 55.
At Kiss in New Hampshire police responded to a call for help it around 120 PM and found Delp dead.
Police in the tent of William Baldwin said the statement that the death was untimely,
and there was no indication of foul play.
He just, you know, he was alone at the time of his death.
He just died.
There's nothing wrong with him.
He just sat there watching the TV and maybe there was a bad show or something like,
and that was it.
The cause of his death remained under investigation by the Atkinson police and the New Hampshire Medical Examiner's office.
Police said an incident report would not be available to later today.
Delp fronted the rock band who rose to fame in the 1970s and had several hits including the highly overplayed
and very annoying more than a feeling, oh my God, I got a feeling in the pit of my stomach he wouldn't even want to believe.
The group sold millions of records it says here, and now Brad Delp is dead.
He just, like I said, hanging around and...
He died?
Yeah.
That's what's going to happen to me.
I think somebody's soon.
I'm just going to be sitting on a couch in the other room and it just, it'll be it.
Now how are you going to know about it?
I'm going to know about what.
If I pro, if I'm sitting in the other room and I get like real all manic and depressed,
which I am most of the time anyway, what?
How are you going to know I pro?
No, we're going to play the James Brown song and if you don't come back by the time it's over,
you know, we'll just go on without you.
Oh, there you go. Good thinking.
Although I'm going to be faxing you some instructions for you to do something during the break.
On the phone with regards to this thing, yes.
Or like, like to jump out the window?
I could do it easy.
I could really do it.
I could go out there and say, you're right now.
Get a wireless mic before you do that.
Like I've been waiting for though, the only problem with that form of suicide,
and I got that story about Richard Jenny suicide, the only problem with that is that if you change your mind halfway down,
it's not really a good idea.
Right, you're going to feel like an idiot always.
Well, if you follow a whole bunch of pills or something, you can always kind of like walk out of the hall
and hope that somebody finds you when they rush into the hospital.
That's called a feeble attempt at suicide.
But the real thing, like, is if you put a leg over the, because my little balcony out there is like a railing, you know,
and it would be really easy to just take one step up and put a leg over the railing.
And then you get about half a third of the way or half way down.
Oh, see, this maybe wasn't such a good idea.
Too late.
Listen, I know the mic court isn't that long, but we really want to hear this.
You want to hear what I hit the grass?
Oh, that's really good.
Listen, what's the point if we can't go with you?
That's true. What would be the fun?
Richard Jenny, a stand-up comedian who played the soul of our crowds was regular on the tonight's show and appeared in movies,
died of a gunshot wound, and a perhaps suicide police say yesterday, but there's a lot of celebrity deaths.
At least two.
Police found the 49-year-old comedian alive, but gravely injured in a West Hollywood home on every spun to a call
Saturday morning from his girlfriend, LA Police.
Oh, he had a girlfriend, and what do you try to kill him so?
LA Police officer Norma Eisenman said.
Eisenman called to the caller, told police, my boyfriend shot himself in the face, and he's looking a lot better for it.
Jenny died in nearby hospital.
He's dead.
Eisenman said suicide had not been officially confirmed in the investigation was continuing on top of the engine.
It would be done today.
Jenny regularly toured the country with a stand-up act in the third and several HBO comedy specials,
most recently, a big steaming pile of me during the 2005-06 season, a big steaming pile of me.
Another HBO special, platypus man, won a cable A's award for the best end-up comedy special,
formed the basis for his UP and sitcom of the same name, which ran for one season.
Jenny's movie credits included the mask in which he played Jim Carey's best friend, Euristic Rats,
National Anthem's Dad's Week Off, and an Alan Smithy film, Burn Hollywood Burn.
Burn Baby Burn.
Yeah, Burn a Big Fat One.
He had guest appearances in the TV shows, Everybody Hades Chris, or Everybody Hades Chris.
Yeah.
Is he dead?
Yeah, did you jump out the window?
No, Chris, I'm talking about it.
I guess he doesn't know you're talking about it.
Yeah, I'm here.
He's a portly, he'll enter to that.
Oh, fat Chris.
Marywood Children, an updated version of the game shows Hollywood squares and match game,
on a one-way kill themselves.
Fraser Smith stand-up comedian who often opened for Jenny, the MC at the ice house,
where Jenny often performs at young comedians looked up to him.
He was probably one of the best-dad of comedians of the last 50 years at Smith.
He had tons and tons of material was looked up to by all the young comedians, a total pro.
And now he's dead.
The Brooklyn board comic first received national attention in the 90 with a showtime special.
Richard Jenny, boy from New York City, two years later, is crazy from the heart special attracted
the highest ratings in showtime's history.
He became a frequent guest on the tonight show with Johnny Carson and continued to appear after
J. Lino took over with that chin.
He also wrote comic material for the 2005 Academy Awards, which was hosted by his friend Chris Rock.
And now he's, as they say, the trade slightly dead.
Probably it's after 10 at 5'60", WDQM, we got mad dog at 2.
The power hour with Hank and the mad dog together at 4, which seldom happens,
because very seldom they work the same day.
Hank 5 is 7 followed by Hurricane Hotline at 7.
Eddie K9 at midnight tonight.
That's a rewarding lineup here on QM, where we used to be great.
Glen Tera had dared to be great.
QEM's got used to be great.
We used to have big, big, fat, juicy numbers, dry, gannick audience, billboards,
people buzzing, all over town, but that was in the past.
And now of course...
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
No more.
Jackie.
You can hear me.
I'm on the other side of this thing.
Hello.
Hmm?
What is it?
It's a matter.
No problem.
Hang on.
Hang on.
Ah!
What do you want to press?
You can see the problem.
The radiation instructions are assuming that I have a keyboard that I can actually type in.
Oh, yeah.
That is assuming that.
There is no keyboard connected to that computer.
I have plenty of keyboards.
I've got a spare one here.
Where I plug it in though, I have absolutely no idea.
Oh, it's just some crawler run on my hands and knees on the floor here playing in June.
I see.
Because I can't type in a new IP address up on everything.
I mean, I'm all set to a do it, but what am I going to type it in with?
Keyboard or your mind.
And where am I going to plug that keyboard into?
I've got a couple of suggestions.
Back home.
Yeah.
In fact, maybe I'll try that.
Has to work better than this.
I think it's the purple one.
No, seriously.
Where am I plugging in?
In the back.
I...in the back of the computer, I know that.
I have only one slot where it'll fit.
No, this connection always like a round connection.
But yeah, there should be a color coordinated.
PS2.
Is there a color on the end?
I have to do that.
No?
No.
Anyways, the purple one.
I have to put the purple one.
The purple hole.
Okay, now how's this?
See, I got the other microphone.
Woo, you're in this good?
No, bossy.
Yeah, is it really?
All right.
Now, let me...
Not much feedback at all.
Okay, the purple one.
Yeah.
Purple one.
There's a purple slot.
There's only one slot that'll fit in.
There were any slot that'll fit in.
Yeah, I see.
Trust me.
Trust me, there is no slot that this thing is going to fit in, okay?
I don't know what to tell you.
In the back?
In the back.
Uh-uh.
It's a regular computer?
No, it's an irregular computer.
Well, there's a lot to see if I can make a regular, you idiot.
Why?
There's a PS2 slot for it.
It's round.
No.
No.
No.
Wrong.
Okay.
I don't know what to tell you then.
I mean, okay, because I mean, they don't make computers without keyboards that I know of.
I mean, they could have come out with some.
And there's got to be a place to plug it in.
And it's round.
Usually, it's purple.
I assume the keyboard has a little round plug that you're looking for a place for?
No, it's not a little round plug.
It's a big round plug.
Now, is that the problem that the plug is to big?
Maybe I've got about a half a dozen keyboards in a closet.
My closet's full.
I'm not in it, but my closet's full.
I see.
Well, it should be little like your pinky.
Oh, the plug should be small?
Yes.
Well, let me go into different keyboards.
All right.
The problem.
I'm going to get some other music cue that's in there.
I can give it a little harder hot thing.
No.
I'm in.
I'm in.
I'm in.
This is a far-away.
It's terrible.
I can't get out of there.
Hey.
I'll leave this alone.
Let me turn that mic back on.
No problem.
All right.
Oh, what did he say?
You are wise, sis.
You're right, sis.
Get my hand.
Where it's all screwed up, baby.
OK, I'm over here and got this mic on.
Purple, purple, purple.
I'm going to screw their segway.
Listen, man.
Yeah?
I got a pink slot.
That ain't an adventure on microphone.
Right.
I don't got no purple slot.
Well, is it...
There's only one place that'll fit.
So the keyboard cord, stick it into whatever it'll fit into.
It's bigger than a headphone jack, which is where you'll be putting a mic on.
Right.
It's about the size of your pinky.
There's no place to stick it in here.
I assume the keyboard that you're using has the little round plug.
Right.
Right.
Well, the plug prongs in it.
Several prongs.
Correct.
That's a PS2 connection.
And there's a place there in the back of the computer where...
No, that's not.
Trust me.
You're right.
Trust me.
I don't trust you.
It has one.
They all have them.
Are you able to see the back of your other computer?
Okay, let me go look at the other computer.
So you can see what it looks like.
I know what it looks like in the computer, too.
Yeah.
This guy here, he's dead.
Now there are USB keyboards, but every computer has a PS2 slot for the keyboard in it,
whether it uses whatever the keyboard is.
So what for?
How is this?
I don't know.
What color is it?
Green.
That's for the mouse.
And then right next to it should be a purple one for the keyboard.
Well, there's something plugged in there, other one.
I don't know what it is.
Let me take that other thing out and stick this in here, okay?
Now it is possible since this is the phone.
Wait a minute.
One moment please.
One moment please.
Yes?
Oh.
That you have a splitter coming out of that plug.
There's something already in it.
Oh, you're going to splitter.
One end going to your little phone control box and the other one going to...
Okay, now let's see if this is going to work.
Okay, type in.
It works.
Oh, I got plenty of time.
Yeah, yeah.
This is fun.
That one.
Two.
Dot.
And hit five.
And hit okay.
And then jump out the window.
That's what it says here.
Now in the next segment we'll show you how to use this for it.
This thing came back and there's the dots.
Oh, man.
Oh, right.
What do I do with this ungainly?
I'll just stick that keyboard over there.
Oh, just slide it under something.
It's slide this, okay?
Right, go.
Oh.
I feel like I just ran a four-minute mile for Christ's sake.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Now I'm trying to picture you doing all this while we're in number one.
Let me ask you this question.
If we have a new IP address that they know supposed to be in there which I just typed in,
how come I wasn't told that at some other time?
Well, it's all the point in my life.
Presumably, that's not a new IP address.
Something happened.
I've had to re-enter the IP address in this computer too.
Like it was introduced to you.
The other one.
Yeah.
Don't you think I've already looked at that during our 400,000 other technical screw-ups here at QAM?
Well, all I can say to that is, who the hell are you?
I'm going to have a year.
Damn, God!
Oh my God.
Yeah.
The way that this studio is configured, that when I go over on the other side, there were those computers
running on the floor for the telephone stuff.
In fact, here's the evidence.
Let me see.
What?
Oh, and guess what?
What?
I'm hitting the buttons and all the...
Oh, you know what?
You probably have to go on the keyboard and hook that other thing back into it.
Yeah, this other thing is what is going to be really...
Aha!
Boy, it's a good thing I tested that right there.
Wasn't it boys and girls, huh?
Now, isn't there a splitter coming off of that?
Well, you stopped.
Well, you stopped complicating.
I just accomplished a major technical miracle.
But there was anybody in that building on the year who could have just done that.
Oh, there's a question.
There was anybody in this market, in this business, who would...
I can just see Cousin Brucie waddling over a crock on the stands these with his wig flopping off like an orman.
So now I'm going to go plug that other thing.
Well, at least that'll let me put this thing, a clumsy keyboard back in the closet where it belongs.
So there you go, boys, and girls, another QAM school of broadcasting lesson from the old...
Oh, God!
...old toad.
That was special.
In my lifetime, I could never have mad.
It's a good thing we have that other mic on the guest neck on the other side.
For all those guests, you have?
Yeah.
And of course, if you could see the way it's set up, I mean, I guess I suppose the guest is supposed to sit on the balcony or on the ledge.
I don't know.
They could sit out the window.
26 past 10 at 5.60.
W-Q-A-M.
Oh, seriously, any connection between the radio industry and this radio station is strictly just coincidental, believing it.
B-O-O-O-O-O-O.
No.
No.
They're casting us again.
Who was a little baby father of fight?
Could be one of a dozen guys.
It may be the other hour of turns.
Did she get frost?
That will get frozen soon.
Very forgets as he is a dad.
He shines up.
Your husband has been back.
Look like none of them will budge.
It will be...
That was a test.
It worked.
It's a day now.
But turn any test now.
Of course, I had to change the configuration, but never do I.
It's a dad now.
And we really can't now.
Who can it be now?
Yeah, who maintains your equipment up there at Toronto, Joe?
Oh, we got an engineer up there at the studio. His name is...
Damn, God!
I had to change the configuration.
I tried the test and I punched up the button.
And there was a funky symbol that comes up on there, which means...
But I did that all on my own.
Nice going to the other regulations.
The interesting part of it is it's so close to the window.
I was talking before about the patio and going out there and jumping.
It's so close as I was crawling.
There is a splitter hanging down off the cord.
Who needs that?
Or wanted an individual assuming it's for the keyboard.
Oh, yeah, assuming, yeah.
But the keyboard's already back in the closet. What do I need the keyboard for?
Well, for that.
Yes.
Can you do it up the phone?
Or, or so!
See, there's a guy who hates yours.
Of course, so can I do another test of why?
Yeah, just bring up an empty line again.
Why is that?
Because now I'm hearing it on the air.
I'm hearing it through my phone, so I have to have them do something over here.
You're hearing one on the air.
I'm hearing it on my phone that's in this room.
It's coming up on the speaker phone, so.
Yeah, now we have to figure that out.
Are you telling me we have more technical issues than WQAM?
No, we've got to give you the word about it.
Yeah, nothing is going to need to worry about.
Well, this call is when you ought to worry about QAAC.
Pro-Zack line.
A house cat attacked its owner, sending her to the hospital by ambulance.
More than 20 by wounds in someone Idaho.
Somehow the name of the city just even who really cares in Idaho, you know.
The cat, a black and white domestic male, went on the rampage last week when a neighbor showed up in the door with a different cat, mistakenly thinking it belonged to the woman.
She went to the door and her cat went berserk.
Jeff Nevin's assistant fire chief or Wood River Fire and Rescue told the Idaho mom expressed.
Oh, brother, can you imagine living in Wood River Idaho?
Woo!
The woman in her 60s was taking the St. Luke's Wood River Medical Center with what Nevin's described as a serious puncture wounds.
Neither the hospital nor the Fire Department were providing details to the AP center.
They were saying whether she'd been released.
I think the owner said she was going to take it to the shelter because that's not the first time she's been attacked.
Nevin said, take it to the shelter.
In other words, what a thing.
Okay, fill that damn thing.
Okay, let's try to get into it here.
WQRM, hello.
Okay, nobody on that.
That's probably just as well.
But at least it works now, huh?
Now, what about your issue there in the studio, Chris?
I'll tell you what else.
We'll deal with it.
Yeah, you deal with it.
Okay, I've done as much crawling around in my hands and ears as I'm going to be doing all day long.
Believe me when I say that.
Unless a miracle I'm going to say.
Yeah, you know, I'm also going to have to relate to that.
Oh, look at that.
Somebody waved to Magic Wand.
Look who's here.
Straight from Berlin.
Yeah, like we stood.
Anyway, let's get back to trying to do this.
Or not.
You know something that took a little extra effort.
I could make a whole show out of that.
Yeah.
Only I'd never survive it.
Woo!
I must be in better shape than I thought I was because that involved a lot of racing back and forth and running around and crawling and jumping up and down.
And I'm just, you know, speaking of crawling around on the floor, if you hear us.
Yes.
Not responding. It's because they're piping the poison gas in here again.
Oh, they're piping the poison gas back.
Oh, great.
I started with the carbon monoxide.
Now it's gone to full on tar fumes with the sewage stuff.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
But they didn't replace the carbon monoxide.
This is just an addition to it.
Right.
I'm talking.
Right.
And I actually had a bone as an extra charge.
Nice going, Joe Bell, man.
You've got this thing pouring like a cat like that one that they're going to put the sleep in a minute.
You got it so bad that we all reek from it when we leave the building.
Really?
Yes. You smell it when you open your car or you can smell it.
Sure, it says he stinks.
And Joe Bell is going to say something about Martin.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
You got a cat story.
Yeah.
I think that lady should just eat the pussy.
How did I know that that was going to be a, you know, a very funny man.
Really funny.
You know what that reminds me of a resume that Bobby that Jack asked there on the EMI space?
Ask me.
I mean, I just wanted to think about this.
This is something that, you know, I've joked around with a couple of times back and forth on there.
I try to respond everywhere that's on there.
And I thought he was like, you know, a fan of the show like a real, real, a goofball, but a real person, you know.
And I write him back the phone number.
This is last week one day.
And then the next day he writes me back, oh, that was really great.
I called it and made a funny sound.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
People don't know why we don't think that's funny.
Like they'll come to appearances and say, oh, I'm the guy that calls up and says, yeah, fill in the blank.
And you go, oh, geez.
Right.
And they're, oh, they, they thought that's what all these kids wanted.
And more often than not, when they do that, and you look at them and they like, they, they, they look, they give the appearance of being like a real adult, you know, like a child.
You know, not like a 10 year old child that you would expect to be doing aberrant, idiotic things like that.
And you say, oh, I think, oh, I made a sound.
I picked up some real mutant, you know, I picked up somebody that wears socks with single goals and living with it.
And somebody like in a business suit.
And he, a lot of the guy that calls and goes, like that.
And the phone number is no, you guys want to talk to him.
I'm talking to him.
Oh, but wait a minute. WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I'm here. Have you ever tried a black one?
WQAM, hello.
Happy Monday, Uncle Neil.
Yeah. How are you, sir?
Okay.
That's good. Everything is fine. I, up there.
Did you lose an hour? Like we lost an hour here with that stuff?
WQAM, hello.
Oh, it was got it.
That.
QAM, project line.
Yeah, project line.
Okay, here's the phone from Friday, 18, every 44 votes.
See, isn't it good that I got that phone back down?
Otherwise, we had to miss all of that.
What would we do without it?
Probably not much.
If America really does go bankrupt near 20, 30 bucks,
then that pool sucked on Friday. And the one today,
I'm not too crazy about it. That's all right.
If America does really go bankrupt in 2030, 20...
About 30, man.
I'd probably be dead by then 379.
I'd probably be dead before two the way this thing's going today.
I'll tell my grandkids it was on WSFALL 369.
I'm out of here. Hello. Canada 224.
I still want my Social Security Tech Stam in 201.
I better start learning Chinese now 180.
I hate this pool 145.
Just connect me from my...
SHU! 88.
Blame President, Jenna Bush 56.
I pay in taxes to Uncle San No Mole 51.
No mole.
Guess I'll have to move into a cardboard box 36.
Al Gorell have to make a documentary about it
by then 34. He will have made one, whatever.
How am I going to afford my nursing home with 34?
Well, I still be able to use my credit cards 24.
I'm moving into an underground bunker 19.
And I'll slip my wrists for out of 1844.
If you think that pool was bad way thing to do,
then when we got coming up for it, that's going on today.
All we do have 847 boats, Chris.
Now, you're all posking around with your technical issues in there.
Yeah, it seems like we're okay now.
Oh, let's hear it.
All right. You see, now I took 40 minutes.
It took some good time. I took about 40 minutes.
And I'm crawling around trying to find a purple hole
and a purple pill.
And I'm going to start taking pills, you know.
I'm going to start doing some heavy-duty drugs.
I recommend Xanax.
I'm talking about, like, two and all stuff like that.
You know, stuff that I've known of the people that did those things.
Yeah.
I made them act a little bit bizarre, but why not?
You know.
Start popping them by the handful.
Although, actually, I could go in the other room.
I've got those cardazam.
I could take like a handful of those
and I could get my blood pressure down to about like 10 over 0.
Wow.
And about an hour.
And I could be just laying in a coma on the floor here.
And you'd be thinking, well, that kneel's sure it's funny, you know.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
You're going down.
I'm going down.
You're going down.
No, no.
Why would you expect itdramatic.
So you bring her back out because she's tonight.
She's been doing barba now,
She was dealing with her sister.
How about you?
and i prefer a bold man for
i'd be seventy two
uh... maybe this was a so bad as i thought that the uh... hate factor is not
like great and we got eight hundred seventy nine votes that you know they
just uh...
any day right
what do you mean by that how can it know it's not connected again
all great they will get an encore
but i can see the lines flashing all they just came back here we go
that's just a hiccup
no it happened all last week you were uh... get it just like that
that it you are a hello
mehola morning or you
good morning sir when is this
what is that
that's in that hillary pitch that she was on the news this weekend
quoting f.p.a.r.
and she is trying to get the knockdown obama and i hope that
that obama kicks her rear ass real quick very very first vacation sir a
wonderful
political observation by one of our keen
a suit political observers are there radio land excellent
she's trying to do everything she can to knock down obama and uh... but a
beeped a boop at about very good
maybe that was bobby
bob your bummer bob your bummer
bobby your mom five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
we're going through a lot of work to get these phones all clean up man
it's like like we like we do the phone here man like we just got all the
marci stuff are there that's right
and got that thing clean and pristine thanks to this to the studio queen
and we're going to have a thing is working out
w.a.e. q.a.m. hello
why don't you
get out of the
w.a.e. q.a.m. hello
bobby
mehola
yes sir
how's it going out here the story coming out of like central Florida
yeah
why is it going on central Florida and that was the other call
w.a.e. q.a.m. hello
ok that takes your your calls this hour
eight ninety on the pool and blonde is winning two twenty nine
gentlemen prefer blonde
why did I even waste my time going through all that work what we need the phone for
huh
I said I would say it although it is almost a great call is right
yeah well we want to get a whole lot more of men line nine forget about it ok
watch how long he'll be on ok just long up to your rid of it
idiot
see if it's me I said look at brought to your right to his house we know where he is
right that particular one you know yeah for Zach right you know where he is
I just said look at brought to your house break both of his arms and his neck
and then that kind of precludes anymore these are his boyfriend often sits on his
lap and they you know they call it from right there was a prize me calls and
and brags about how the rubbin hot oil on each other
mm
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty come on let's hear it square
around on that table man or oblong I think we just had some pre-fabricated
segments on the show that we could really get down it's a work of those
them get down and dirty mostly down WQ a.m. Hello
hey how you doing okay a couple things I agree with you about
even though we see junior congressman it's got some great ideas
you know congressman but go ahead yeah I'm sorry and then the other thing
me oh what's his name oh oh summer oh summer oh summer you mom okay and
what's the other thing is honestly and you'll agree with me why are people so
far missing and and that is because something happened in their life or just
living in South Florida or just to have no money could you answer that up
serious the growth of the territory I guess those are the
serenter if you live in South Florida then something did happen in your life
you want up here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they
Verizon singular wireless line it's almost 11 o'clock and after after an
excruciating exercise here crawl it on the floor open up the door and well
these other things and we're still waiting for real call so far what's the
thing will summer Yamama that guy and even who is a junior congressman from you
know Dubuque WQ a.m. Hello
basically cute Q. I.m. 560.05.60.05.
Going once going twice that was the end of that Q. I. M. Hello.
I'm a male yes I think even a Democrat to the Republicans are gonna
win the next president so I think I think the possibility I think I
don't get to be the weightless that was Bobby for sure 560.05.60.
What is everybody so political for today all these more on the
group balls are they so politically oriented and you want to know why
because what they're trying to say is I have no line we know that 901 to pull
the votes are pouring in on the pool it was a smash success this hour the fact
that I had to go through all of that technical and they love that and you
better admit it when all these years we've never quite never quite had that
experience before we've had some other other interesting things you know
involving crawling around and trying to hook this up.
They're wonders of library he just never know what's gonna happen no I know we
really usually do know what's gonna happen it's gonna be a piece of crap here
that's it because that's the QMF in a way it's just like I said it it's radio
ish that real radio but it's radio ish WNQAM hello yes sir yes
yes yes speaking yeah yeah how you doing I can't wait to see the what when they
really get into it Obama and Hillary why are we talking about this I don't know
what what is this all about I don't like to have the two you know how to hear
you have the two to get lost I don't want to hear about more bomb and Hillary
and Hillary and Obama and Jan Danny and Jimmy Jesus God is this boring well
when did this come from this is their material now monkey seem monkey do you
hear that other guy that would know Barack Obama from his ass and all of a
sudden well I think it's gonna be really forget about it it's March 12 19
now 14 or whatever it all is 2007 seriously you you people need very serious
help that that state I'm just I have a feeling with the global warming and
stuff which I just made up and I think Florida's gonna just wash away you know
I just want to give you a little advice get that inner
Q you get ready and learn to swim real good WQAM hello
Neil yes sir hey listen kind of related you know Paul I really didn't want
any more important things kind of related Paul Harvey's not on the six ten
and four years he's a lot better I've been listening to him since I was a little kid I just
played a lot for
let's just got elected key to yeah I think Paul Harvey just zapped your ass how do you
like that I'm listening to since he was a little kid that that guy I don't know
how old he was a sadded tool to be listened to Paul Hart I know I mean two old and not old enough I would
listen to Paul Harvey when I was a little kid because I give you between 10 and a
hundred then you're like two older two young depending on how you know 910 on the
pool what hair colored you're most attracted to we're talking on your head by the way
and of course don't forget if they don't match and Neil Rogers show
huh
yeah
mmm
oh wait a minute we've been earning up this sout heggles on it get all my highs
uh important institution to oh and
important he's run me and to my brother Tom and well somebody orders in my family
i guess it's going to interfly Ned
uh we all graduated here when he goes shot on my king right that's difficult believe
that I actually graduated, but I did stand in the middle of my school.
Okay, let's get right to the meeting with the men.
I graduated, you idiot, but this institution represents, I think, what is the rest of our
state and our people.
And it is for that reason that I ask the good people at the University of Brass, if I could
come and say something.
Trespass on their facilities.
I'm going to say something.
Well, what is this thing starting from?
Start by God.
Make an announcement.
Yeah, and what is that, John?
And I want to welcome Dana Bash from CNN and others who came to Omaha looking for a good
stake.
And I hope you enjoyed yourself.
Dana is always good.
Oh my God, I think you must see you in that bitch.
I want to see you.
She's the woman that she was taking.
There she is.
And then I believe as Mike Buttry noted, I would very much like, I would say, I would
appreciate any questions and will entertain all the questions.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Hopefully we'll give you some direct, complete answers.
Just got dynamic.
Don't put them up.
And that is mainly because I was tutored many years ago by the pain, the finest, the
most important thing that I ever known, who was sitting in the front row of this room today,
former Congressman John Lyme, a callister.
Yeah.
John Ly, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Never heard of me.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Not just for the shaping and mulling of the might of the fallen ballerman on a floor,
fixing the day with me.
Yeah, I know within your sense of evaluation, I'm a pipe, I'm going to be get on the
track.
But about, yeah.
But when you go down the track, you have to agree publicly with that, John.
But also thank you for the service.
You have given this country your distinguished service of one or two.
But a book.
And your service to the county.
I'm not even going to finish that with.
I'll do that.
I'm going to have a book.
And you are country as a very respected and highly regarded United States Congressman.
Yeah.
The big blotin brains all over your mind, that's right.
Wait, the gentleman America stands at an historic crossroads and it's history.
He's running, baby.
You can hear it.
Can you smell it?
It is against this knowledge.
I don't know if it's a word of real power or something.
I saw it by my arm.
That's how he all started real bad on my political field.
He also taught me a lot of things.
He taught me a lot of things.
The radio thing was coming towards me.
He got the numbers he needed with Daniel Sonsi.
He said, and Joe Bell's where, but what the Neil is farting is.
The strip by serious long-term domestic problems and divided by raw.
That's right.
America is going to hold a hand-basket.
And what are you going to do about it?
America and I will reach him on.
We're in a bad sense.
Tell us something.
America's response to the challenges and opportunities that confront us today will define our future.
Finding solutions to these challenges and capitalizing on these opportunities.
Seriously, you talk about the cure of my resume.
Well, my resume is on me.
Good.
I killed the next election.
Yeah.
And I worked hard over the last 10 years on foreign policy and national security issues.
He's running man.
He can smell it.
Climate change and energy education and entitlement.
Yeah.
Basically, so security reform.
Yeah, you're great.
I'll help you care.
Veterans better not to know.
Yes, he reformed.
Oh, and immigration.
Didn't he say that at the very beginning?
It's a lie.
I am not talking about it here.
And for these very issues.
And I intend to offer new initiatives on each of them.
Right.
I want to give these and other subjects my full attention over the next few months.
And?
I believe it is in the interest of my Nebraska constituents and this country that I continue to work full time on these challenges.
And?
America is facing its most divisive and difficult issue since Vietnam.
And?
The war in Iraq.
And?
This is an issue that I have been deeply involved in.
And?
I want to keep my focus on helping find a responsible way out of this tragedy.
Huh?
And not divert my energy, my efforts, and my judgment with competing political considerations.
I am here today to announce that my family and I will make a decision on my political future later this year.
Yeah!
Oh, man!
Okay, that's enough of that.
I wasted three minutes with that.
Oh, it was great.
He's been making this decision on his political future later this year.
Well, call us up and when we want to go back to sleep again into a coma, Chuck, so we can revisit this part too.
Here's a fact that Jonathan Plantation has pretty worked up.
He says, again with a GD dropouts for those of us listening on the Internet, I want to see two of them on here.
It says two dropouts.
It says George Corso should be taken out and shot on the causeway like Santino.
He shot him in the causeway.
He's dead.
And can we get George and friends some dark Vader mass so they can breathe over there?
Does his position come with hazard pay?
It should.
Of course, with the big box he's making.
He says, I never knew the circus was in town.
A QM is their headquarters and then Jonathan Plantation says, unbeatable.
Just like that.
Say it again.
Unbeatable.
Nice going, Jonathan.
Well, what can I tell you, baby?
And the course, I don't know.
Does anybody know his jolly Joe Bell back from his extended vacation?
Or they've been in a padded room somewhere?
And of course, Clarence is there, so that explains a lot of why all this is going on.
943 votes on the hair color pool.
It's almost as exciting as a paper or a spastic one.
I like that.
56670560.
My goal today is not even to read and not one of these.
That's my goal.
Call me crazy, you know?
You're crazy.
Well, Charlie Christ is a real woman's man.
That's what that article said.
Hey, Charlie.
You're fair.
It doesn't look like he's fooling somebody.
QAM, hello.
Oh, look at that.
The same thing again.
Not connected.
No, we have no dots either for what it's worth.
Oh, no.
I see two.
Oh, flashing.
Now Chris is crawling around on the floor.
Oh, good.
I needed it in the phone.
I'll be waiting.
I saw the tremors and that all the way here.
It's what comes back.
What do you mean?
Why do you assume it's coming back?
I can see two lines.
Oh, the issue's not connected.
Not connected.
No.
So the eye dots again, do you?
No.
I ain't got no dots.
Oh, there they are.
I'll lie.
Let's hear it.
Chris is no lines flash now, but we got dots.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
I'm just back on self-art on vacation.
I haven't heard you in ten years.
You're still wonderful, man.
I've got to say, God, I love you, buddy.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
Okay, you too.
I'm thinking that he's probably thinking of myself.
That was a good call.
That was the first wheel collar the whole day right there.
Oh, there's Dana Bash.
I'd like to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say,
I'm just going to say, I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I'm just going to bash her brains in if we could find him.
I mentioned what?
De Broppness Croatia.
No, I have never seen that in my life.
Well, you need to go over there.
It's a fun town. It's a beautiful city.
I'm sure it is.
Listen, don't come back.
56670560, pound 560.
Be sure we're a heavy croat.
A coat.
pound 560.
I'm going to write this in singular wireless line.
They're good today, man. WQAM.
Hello.
Senior at Coyote, Dante Salsa, Dean Paella.
Looking good.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a marginally interesting story.
Okay, I'm listening.
I read about in Tampa.
It is an investigation of restaurants up there.
In 17 out of 20, we're serving something other than Grupper.
And some crappy type of fish and saying was Grupper.
So the Department of Fish Investigations is clamping down on that action.
So watch out for the Grupper out there.
Grupper? A Grupper?
17 out of 20.
Wow. You know something?
When you said marginally interesting, I thought maybe you were right, but you're not.
957 votes on a poll today, which is a horrible poll, but it's a hell of a lot more interesting than Grupper fingers.
I'll say that.
What hair color are you most attracted to?
What does it for you? What gets you all whipped up?
1,252.
No preference. I'll take anything.
Anything alive or even close to it.
224. Brown, 137.
Red, 131. Black.
Jet, black, baby. 128.
How do we don't have a green on there and stuff?
I hate this poll.
44.5%.
I prefer a bald woman.
You know, Britain A12.
An artificial color like blue or orange or green, eight.
Gray, eight.
I prefer a bald man, seven.
And white, six.
Old white. How about blue hairs?
Well, that's a cartoon.
No, no, no.
That's the softest one of standard, baby.
Blue hair as in early bird time.
I'm almost still old enough for a...
I don't know.
I don't think I'll make it to 65. I don't think there's much chance.
You know, there are shoe stores.
By the way, I'm really wondering. This isn't even the right spot.
Is it?
Chris. Why am I having these difficulties today?
Huh?
Yeah, you won't pop it up.
Okay, do it just relax, okay?
Because I noticed that there was no tag for that anyway.
And it wouldn't have been appropriate.
But I'm sure that if I get in the right week here in my pile,
they'll find the appropriate spot for pomp and apart.
What's the date today?
Here it is right here, right in my hand.
And the spot too.
1113 at QIM.
Up little boy.
Huh?
He's been working on my internship at the Uranium Centaion.
Now?
Oh, well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to your hand-hub.
You didn't know you could fight somebody good enough to film my bigy pants?
Are you neasy?
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh.
Very no chicks. I love to be coming back.
I try to consider him a little bit more than a wonder-agg.
Hmm?
If you want to know what I'm saying,
you're from shutting that transmitted around.
Why? That's easy.
I'm sure.
Oh, should be this small.
Oh, should be this small.
Oh, should be this small.
Oh, should be this small.
Oh, should be this small.
I don't know.
I'm sure he's still a child.
I'm easier on cringed slats only than to the day.
Slats?
Slats are my ratings and bottomed out in the day.
Which radio has the radio been doing the biggest of all wars?
And we did.
Slats?
Oh, should be this small.
Now cringed slats are my ratings and bottomed out in the day.
Oh, should be this small.
And I'm sure he's still a child.
I don't know.
I'm a little bit more than a little bit.
I'm hoping he'll hold my hand.
And he'll bite away something.
And he'll hold it and give it to me.
Slats?
Are you going to go fire me?
Okay, 20 after all.
And I think things are finally settled on here this morning.
I think everything is copicet.
We've got the phone.
Oh, man.
I didn't see there was anybody on here now.
I'm leaving with the room.
Chris has got his issue straight now.
Yep, talk it.
There you go.
Everything is good, baby.
Let's go.
I better dig into my pile.
I think there would be a grotesque injustice for me to sit here and
put that much pressure on this audience, you know, for four hours.
I mean, what they've done so far has been really magnifical, Magnum mistake about it.
It's been above and beyond the call of duty.
The duty part?
Yeah. Although there might be a good one here.
Q.I.M. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I want to ask a question about this one bit that you guys do.
Do you like it or something?
Do you like it?
Yeah, Brian Wilson.
Yeah.
What do you mean where's it from?
It's from the Brian Wilson bit.
I understand that.
From a movie.
Brian Wilson goes crazy.
All right.
Give me a break.
I didn't know what it was.
Okay, this one.
Don't get up tight now, man.
There's nothing worse than when you guys start getting up tight.
I don't want to look like that.
It's from the stick line.
I'm not going to look like you want to go.
How much do I have to be driving down here in Kilargo on the US one with one lane?
Oh, no, I know I'm under your uptight.
Yeah, well, don't do it again, man.
Okay, thank you, Neil.
And you want me to play that whole bit to Brian Wilson bit.
I know you don't like requests, but if you want to go ahead, thanks.
After years of drug abuse and controversy.
Thank you so much.
Beachboy, Brian Wilson.
Make an eye to Brian Wilson.
Let's do this late composition.
Thanks for granting us this interview, Brian.
Brian, do you have any idea how retarded you sound?
Let's do this.
Show you what I mean.
Here's how you sound the back in 62 from this early Beachboy recording session.
Hey, man.
You can like it.
Yeah.
You can't do it.
You can't do it.
My ears.
Man, okay.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Listen.
You like it.
Oh, that's very nice, Brian.
Do you like it?
Well, it's a little hard to dance, too.
You like it?
The Brian Wilson collection of burned out compositions.
Do you like it?
Oh, yeah.
Master's copy available now on eBay.
Do you like it?
Well, I've got to be going it.
Do you like it?
Do you like it?
Do you like it?
Okay, we love it.
No, we don't like it.
We love it.
Level 23 at 560 WQM.
Now we're starting to get to the groove, baby.
You can feel it. You can smell it.
Oh, man.
That's okay, go, man.
I'll tell you one thing when he cuts one.
What the hell was that all about?
I guess he wanted to see if he'd give like a sitting ovation.
I don't know.
Then a bash would get up there and they'd give him a big kiss on the lips.
What was that all about?
I have no idea.
He and his family are going to be...
In other words, he's threatening to run.
Mr. Antiwara, Mr. Not all the way to the right republicans.
Generally politically, I think he's a pretty good guy.
But in terms of that speech, man, even swore he would knock him off his feet.
And the one guy this morning, he is right though, even though we don't want to talk politics.
Because it's really boring right now.
But Barack Obama, I'm salivating waiting for the days when Barack is debating Hillary.
I think what you'll do is you'll just kind of like creep off the stage and just disappear.
After about the first five minutes?
No, she'll sit there with that same expression on her face.
What I see, ice prints is cold.
But I don't think she smells something bad.
Listen, if she's in her body, maybe she'll be smelling something bad.
I can't tell you what it is.
But I'll give you a real good eye-drector.
Something in that area.
Something that in that central territory.
994 votes on a poll.
Do I sound like all lifted up and real happy now?
Happier?
I am.
Doesn't take much with me, you know what I mean?
In other words, when somebody reaches out and gives me a little pat on it back like that.
And that's all I need.
That's right.
Kind of hurts me after the whole day.
Steven Elliott, though, sounds a little p.o. on my smoking champ.
He says, Bill O'Reilly slanders me.
And I threatened I wasn't going to be any of these, but you know what?
I lied.
He says, for all of February in part of January, I toured the country with the Sex Workers Art Show.
The show was made up of current and former Sex Workers.
I used to be a stripper, says Steven Elliott.
Three of us were writers, and we read about our experiences, his dancers, and prostitutes.
There was a performance artist from Japan, another from Olympia,
two for less dancers, and a musician.
Basically, this was about people getting into the Sex Workers' human beings.
People with talent who participate in the American economy, and who deserve health care, and labor rights.
It was one hell of a show.
We did 33 shows in 31 cities in 35 days.
Most of our performances were at colleges like Reed, University, California,
Haberford, or is that Haberford, Bard and William & Mary, where we got caught in the controversy we never saw coming.
The short version is Ren Cross was recently removed from the chapel because some people felt it was offensive.
I have nothing to say in this particular controversy, but it was a big one, especially in the conservative trades.
We showed up at the school not much later, and so the story ran William & Mary Bans cross in white Sex Workers.
There was even a cartoon in the Washington Times.
Of course, the two stories have nothing to do with each other.
I wasn't going to get involved in this controversy until Bill O'Reilly in his characteristic way decided to deliberately lie about us on his program.
He claims we were soliciting students and offering sexual services for a pay on campus.
This is an outright lie.
There were 12 of us on this tour.
Hey, Bill O'Reilly!
We traveled in two bands and slept forward a room at night.
If someone was soliciting business, we would have known about it.
I wouldn't have known about it.
The goal of the Sex Workers' Art Show is noble.
It's about education and empowerment. It's not about turning tricks on college campuses.
No one is more integrity or a pure heart than the show's founder, Annie Oakley.
Bill O'Reilly could learn a lot from her about honesty about doing what's right.
Instead, he liables and slanders, clawing through the mud, and search of any attention at all.
If Bill has any integrity, and there's no evidence he does, he'll listen to an apology to the 12 of us.
It's no wonder the Democrats refuse to debate on Fox.
This is not a news channel at all.
No kidding, Stephen.
Stephen Elliott says it's not a news channel at all.
Fake news, that's what the FN stands for. Fake news channel.
997 on a pool. I bet you if I click it, refresh it.
That was some more deal with it.
You're right. See, if I would have found that splitter hanging down there.
I should have remembered that there's a splitter when we're talking about the book.
What did it do to Maggie?
That would have just fed up that process a little bit.
I would have wanted that.
I wouldn't have had to go in here and pull it up.
A thousand votes even.
Oh, baby.
A thousand votes right on the nose.
Do you see what a phenomenal week this is going to be?
No, any more vacation?
First week of April.
No, and I'm on vacation a week after that.
Correct. Well, that's something. Won't that be special?
And that means we get Josh Cordis back in there.
Again, for that guy, that's got the hots for Josh.
Yeah.
Give him the guy the caller out there saying, oh, I sure miss Josh Cordis.
When Zika, we don't need that fat Chris.
He said, portally.
But he meant fat.
Oh, 27th class, 11th of QA and everybody.
I junior funny.
G is for the gasoline things it can do.
You is for the red next to, oh more than two.
And is for the men of the women.
What's your friends do that to the SS4?
A secretary?
STI?
And then he guns.
That balance, triple preys is you.
Guns.
Some men's your team.
Need my shoes.
Use your gun to the, to kill some kids for the NRA guns.
One may wish box like you.
G is for the glory things you can do.
You is under-educated in breadcrumbs.
And is for the men of the women.
That's best side-waces USA.
Easy to get all of the death that you adore.
Guns.
Kill and heal.
All of us you.
Guns.
Will make your room you.
So you.
You are smart, but here they get.
When you play it, they still break it.
Guns.
Will make it to good too.
Guns.
All of us you.
Guns.
Will make it to good too.
Guns.
One more you can do it.
Let me ask you one thing.
Oh yeah.
Let me 34, 26, still to ensue him up baby.
It's the American effort away.
Angry baby.
Angry people, crazy people with guns.
On pissed off.
I don't like why I used to work.
I don't like my next door neighbor.
I don't like the guy across the street.
I don't like the way he parses here.
I don't like the way this guy is driving next to me here on the highway.
But I've been.
That's the way you do it.
Just like San Tino said before he got blown away in a cause way.
Don't be in your blood.
It brings all over you nice, I believe you.
That's the way to do it.
Anyway, when we're going to excited about it.
It's about 14 votes on the floor.
That is still for a stupid pull question like this about a hair color.
But then again, I think it's got sexual overtones and undertones to it.
Oh yeah.
Everything does.
Yeah, like when we did the thing about paper or plastic.
That's got sexual overtones depending on what you're wrapping up into plastic.
That's right.
We're in the paper with the plastic shape like.
Huh.
Kind of like the state of Florida, no doubt.
2017 votes, well I love when they started to vote.
I started coming in big chunks, you know.
Big chunks like pineapple chunks.
And that's one thing about me, I don't know about you.
But I've never been.
And of course I shouldn't be in the name of it because it's for sure.
Sure, sure.
I've never been a big pineapple fan.
I like pineapple but it makes your mouth gross so I can't have like a lot of it.
You know, one of the times that I went to Hawaii, I was there six times before.
I love Hawaii.
Man, life here is beautiful.
And ready to car like I always do when I go there.
And drove all the way up to the north beach.
You know, north shore, whatever the hell they call it.
See it so many years ago, north beach may as north shore.
And saw the gigantic waves and all the surfers.
Mmm.
But anyway, and I think drove right past the dull pineapple plant.
Okay.
Well, let's see into the story.
It's almost as if it's a story.
Oh, I don't know.
Like I said before, it's marginally interesting.
I didn't promise it was going to be like,
scintillating or spectacular.
But it was just, you know, it was just something to do.
See, that's one thing about me.
Like, well, like when people go to Vegas and they don't run a car.
I don't understand those people.
Hmm.
Well, what are you going, hmm, like that?
Another you've created?
Well, I didn't run a car, but if you stay on the strip,
you don't need one.
But that's the point.
If you're going to go to Vegas for a few days or even for a weekend or like a long weekend,
don't you want to drive out in the mountains and see all the sights and go out there and see the rock squatters
and all those other people?
Not those mountains.
I mean, that took a tour of the Hoover Dam.
A lot of time, yes.
We took a little bus tour over to the Hoover Dam.
Right.
But the dam.
Yeah.
That's what I'd say.
Oh, it's not like that dam square in Amsterdam.
Oh, it's not like that.
That's the dam in Amsterdam, huh?
That's my question.
And as a matter of fact, we know over there still parking the junk.
It's like a hot van dam.
Could be.
Damn.
I can't stand him.
He's another one of those people.
If he's in the movie, uh-huh.
Not for me.
Good plan.
Yeah, I don't want him at all.
I don't know what it is about him.
He just sucks.
Yeah, that could be it.
That could be part of the problem.
Like Richard Geer, there's another one.
And the dead.
Uh-uh.
What's the one you were talking about last week that you can't stand if you're out of the movie?
That would be Jr.
And well, there's so many.
Christians Slater.
And I see, I don't have any problem with that.
You know what?
He has been so eclipsed by other people that I hate.
Oh, Colin Farrell is the one that I was talking about.
I don't even hear you think enough.
No.
Colin Farrell.
Yes.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
You saw him.
Well, whatever you say.
Five six seven.
Our poll question on here, though, today is, what are we going to do to get those people?
What are the numbers back up again, especially on that morning show?
What shape does the table have to be to get you listening to our morning show again?
Because obviously the square table ain't cut in it, you know?
What?
Trapezoids.
Trapezoids.
And be good.
Zoyd.
WQYM.
Hello.
Hey, when you're white, did you hate 10?
Yeah.
Five six seven, oh five six.
I was having Brian Wilson in the beach boys and he asked me, do you like it?
But anyway.
Five six seven, oh five six.
And pound five six.
And they've arrived in singular wireless line.
WQYM.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
That's your natural habitat, isn't that?
What is it?
Your natural habitat, isn't it?
On your hands and knees.
Yeah, right.
Five six seven, oh five six.
Fifty pound five, sixty.
There's only one thing I want to say.
Well, there are many things I'd like to say.
But most importantly.
You're gay.
And pound five, sixty, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
See, we're not going to get a lot of calls about our morning show in the shape of the table.
And you want to know why?
Because most of the people listening to us right now aren't listening to our morning show.
That's unfortunate.
What are we going to do about that?
George doesn't listen to it.
What?
And then when I'm in here in the morning now waiting for your answer to show up there at about 825,
I have it on very, very low.
So just as you're like, hmm.
You know, like, oh, I'm speaking about it in a similar way.
You know what I did?
I do not think I've ever done this before in my life.
And you're going to really chew me out.
You're going to say, you're going to say, you're getting your old-timers disease act enough.
This is not good.
What's that?
The last night I cooked a little something on the stove, you know, a little supper.
And this morning I went to Nuke my bacon at 830, whenever, like I always do.
And luckily for me, well, I would be here right now if I would like to make a bad move.
And as I reached up to put the stuff with a paper towel and then the bacon in the microwave,
I felt some heat.
And I looked down and the front right burner was on, it was on low, it was on all night.
Everybody does that.
They do?
Every once in a while, sure.
The angry thing it wasn't a gas stove.
No, seriously, my electric stove was on.
Can you imagine the possibilities if I would have gone over and kind of like,
breathed myself to like put that thing, holy macro, baby.
Oh!
I had a person or once in a while.
And I do have this fear of heights.
I didn't use to have it.
Really?
And I developed it many years ago at Hazel Park in Detroit.
I was on the upper level and for some reason I looked down, you know, I looked straight down.
And at that point I got like dizzy, you know, and from that point on,
I started developing fear of heights.
For example, like I have this little balcony here in my apartment.
And on the summertime, it's nice to be at a good room for a couple of launchers out there, you know.
And friends when they come up, they go out there and they, in fact,
what they really do is they go out there and smoke a bag of it on the balcony,
because they figure, I don't really care how it's smoking here.
It's not a problem, huh?
How do you like fire to one of those?
Well, I guess they're already flaming.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Yeah, yeah.
But I won't go out there.
Because I'm really...
And I'm nine stories up here in my building and I won't go out there,
because if I look down, I'm not saying I want to jump,
but I mean, it's just, I don't know.
You thought I wanted to...
No, I don't.
It's one of those things.
And when I went to the top of the Empire State Building last time when I was in New York,
you know, you go to the take the elevator and you go to the top.
And they've got that high railing over there to bring...
I don't think it's really possible to jump from the Empire State Building,
because the railing is so high.
But you look down and like, oh, I need to start getting the seasick
and the room is spinning.
It's kind of like, oh, you're a situation there in that studio.
Yeah, seasick.
That's what it does.
Without the aroma.
1031 votes on the pool.
I say 1200 days what we're shooting for.
What do you think, Chris?
Even on a pool like this, about brown hair and black hair and purple hair and curly hair.
Done as dirt.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
I'm not going to be a fan of this.
Before he says,
My abuser was Father Jeff Tui, a trusted man of God.
He was the equivalent of a religious celebrity in my private all-boys Catholic school in Baltimore.
Father Jeff was every boy's friend and mentor.
I considered him my mentor as well.
That's Tormentor.
When my parents divorced, I was sent to Father Jeff to help me cope with all the changes.
Divorce in the mid-80s still seemed so foreign.
Plus, I was just a kid and I didn't know much about divorce.
I just knew it sucked.
All I had at that time in my life was my family and school.
Those were my constants.
But as my family fell apart, so did my life at school.
After the abuse began, high school became a prison of shame and lies.
I felt trapped.
My parents would be horrified to know their failure of marriage, put their son at risk to be sexually abused,
and that the man amusing me was the high school chaplain and beloved priest.
And then there's a link on here that says,
Watch Robert's mom say the priest will burn in hell.
I want to see that.
You're going to burn in hell!
I'd like to see that too.
You want to see that?
I hope they have pictures.
The school would never believe me.
I thought, and I feared I'd be expelled if I revealed the abuse.
I was 14 with no voice except the one in my head saying,
You can never tell the truth about what is happening.
Roughly a month after the abuse started, I attempted to commit suicide.
I took a bottle of my mother's pills.
I lined them up one by one on my maple dresser.
I took them all and lay in my bed hoping to just fade away and die.
My sister Patsy came home and found me.
It was the day before her 18th birthday.
She saved my life that day just by merely coming to my room to say hi.
She saw the pill bottle and went to get an Ipochak which made me throw up.
Ipochak.
What is that?
Oh, it made him throw up.
I never heard of that.
What is it like to use tomb dhu's vomiting?
Well, why would you have that in the house?
Tomb dhu's vomiting.
Oh, okay.
Or you could just work your QAAM and be in that studio.
Sure.
Or you could be dealing with these technical illusory proof.
My parents were terribly upset by my actions.
No, father Jeff was told I tried to kill myself.
All agreed I just needed more counseling.
Father Jeff's exact words were, you have so much to live for.
Well, yeah, father Jeff liked them more when he was alive.
He's a little bit warmer.
I felt so cornered I had nowhere to go and no one to run.
Do I just became numb to the abuse?
This two-shelf pass is one of my favorite religious things.
The abuse did pass but let me so insecure about who I was.
When I was in college and other boy,
Michael Goals came forward and reported his abuse at the hands of the same father Jeff.
I knew I could help Michael if I too revealed father Jeff's abuse,
but out of a feeling a self-preservation I remained quiet.
Michael wasn't believed in his case was thrown out a court.
Nearly 20 years after the abuse started,
I became strong enough to go back and confirm what had happened to me.
I was strong enough to tell my family the truth.
I was strong enough to report it to the arcs diocese
and I was strong enough to call Michael Goals and tell him,
I'm sorry and that I believe him because it happened to me too.
Together we were strong enough to see our abuser finally admit his crimes.
Father Jeff was charged with 10 criminal counsels child sex abuse in relation to my case.
He asked for a plea admitted his guilt and court.
He was sentenced to five years in jail but only served ten months.
It was released early to serve eight months at home detention.
This story is so layered for a long time I couldn't talk about it without crying.
But a year ago CNN anchor Anderson Pooper and CNN senior producer Charlie Moore
approached me by telling and following my story,
I was scared I was scared of being so honest and televising this journey.
What would people think? What I ruined my career?
But I came to the conclusion that I will not be scared anymore.
I won't be scared of telling the truth because it might be uncomfortable for people to hear.
If the story compels even one person to seek help for being sexually abused, then it's all worth it.
All it takes is telling one person from their strength grows and you can tell a second person and so on.
Then you can finally have control of your life back.
He's got to be on Anderson Pooper tonight by the way.
I think I'm going to watch that.
I never watch Anderson's Pooper.
Hey Anderson.
You're fair. Well that's where one of his friends will call them right now.
And say, oh Anderson is not...
Yeah.
He's got two girl friends and a partridge and a paratrooper and he likes a big pair.
You know whatever.
I'm sure he likes a big pair. I'll wrap it up and I want you to think.
1050 T-votes on the pool.
Pear rhymes with here.
As in beer, beer and beer, whatever.
What about it?
Beer, rabbit.
567056. How about the Welsh?
What does they call that? Welsh, rare bit.
Not Welsh rabbit but it kind of sounds like that.
Of course if it's from the British Riders you know it's from Hungary.
Oh fat.
But I think it's like something with a bunch of cheese on it.
Probably craft.
Fat.
Melted cheddar cheese on it.
Welsh, rare bit.
Why won't you Google it and see what that is?
I would take a whole bunch of these calls.
We have like a real sweep of phone calls right now that there aren't any.
Little spastic on the phone today after I acted the early part of the day.
I'm going to show if you missed that.
You missed some real-radio history boys and girls.
Old Neil crawling around on the floor, sticking this over here and sticking that over there.
Let go.
Trying to find a right this slot and the right cord and all this other with that dim.
Isn't it a lucky thing though that we have all these extra keyboards?
Although if I was creative I could have just unplugged a keyboard from this other thing over here from my other computer.
And done that.
But if you never wanted to tell me where to stick it so to speak, that would still be.
Well you know I got experience there.
What do I know about that?
The purple thing and the green thing and all this other crap.
Yeah.
You're right it's all color coded.
That's all color coded even a child could do it and even.
They're all good.
Old Queen like me could do it.
So if you missed that you missed some real-radio history.
But you even rickshaw if you got a chance to do that was thinking, oh!
Whatever that means.
Five six, this is my last time I'm going to push for the call thing because I can see,
because you know this calling getting on here, I can see there ain't nothing going to happen today.
Which is very sad.
Some facts in the whole deal but yeah, rare bit is rabbit.
The real deal about Welsh Rarbit?
Yeah.
So it's not rabbit.
It is rabbit.
It is rabbit?
Well you know the Welsh they speak that gay lick.
You know all about gay.
Well they speak gay.
Like there's nothing like a gay lick.
So that's how they say it apparently.
Uh huh gay lick.
How about a couple of gay licks.
Little things.
1060 on the pole, I don't know what 1060 is on the valve.
That says this doesn't sound like a frequency that I'm too familiar with.
1050 was Trump and WMGM which became WHN New York.
But 1060?
No no from it.
WMGM hello.
What's with that Billy Graham?
WMGM hello.
You know what I'm doing?
WMGM what is it?
See I couldn't even give it.
Maybe that was Bobby again.
Hey Bobby call and make a funny sound Bobby.
You can do it.
5670560.
Pound 560 and they've arrived and sing it a wireless line.
Come on let's get these phones smoking.
Square table rectangular or trapezoid?
Which way do you like best?
How about octagonal?
Ooh how about Dotecahedron?
Ooh I like that too.
More poles Z you know something?
Oh it is Welsh rabbit or can also be called Welsh Rirbet.
See that's why I was confused on.
This is from my shawnt isn't it?
What?
What?
It's from Wikipedia and I just printed it out.
No no I'm not talking about that and talking about these pole ideas.
It looks like shawnt now it's just from somebody else.
Well everybody send this in poles.
We've just stay on air for 100 years.
Just with using ball of pole ideas.
We want to let him go to waste.
Welsh rabbit or rare bit is traditional Welsh snack dish also known as toasted cheese.
Ooh cheese on toast is a simple variant of this dish.
Traditional rabbit is made by grading cheese and blending it with beer or a little milk and butter.
How do you make a rabbit?
Adding seasoning particularly must-moustered and spreading the mixture onto hot toast and the whole
one is heated virtually from above.
A procedure known as grilling in British English, broiling in North America.
You bril it.
However this last thing is relatively new variation dating from the widespread
and reduction domestic electric and gas cookers nearly 20th century.
Traditionally the dish is a viscous liquid.
Oh viscous.
Normally poor or spooned it did.
Classically the cheese used in Welsh rabbit is like a shure, cheddar or double glosster.
Although red lices see, I don't know if it is in popper.
Light chestnut.
No.
Is it?
That's my guess.
Red light chestnut is a idol.
There were these brits man.
The Oxford English dictionary states it can also be simply slices of toasted cheese laid on toast.
This is more commonly known as cheese on toast.
They were laid out on a list of that one.
If more commonly known as cheese on toast, it's like a Schmidt on a Schengel train like that.
Yeah, yesterday I had some butter on bread.
Yeah.
Yeah, I like that.
That's one of my very favorites.
And peanut butter on bread ain't too bad either.
Careful though.
That's what very jackass.
Cool.
I know this very jackass didn't really think about the trends thank God for that.
Let's keep it a secret.
Let's not tell anybody that's not true.
Oh, just wait.
Beat the living day like that of us in the morning and afternoon drive through.
They usually don't write about trends do they?
No, they usually don't.
So I guess maybe he's prohibited from doing that.
It was only one month.
Let's hope it's a fluke.
But the one has very serious doubts.
This is very quick.
Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and sing feelings while the kernels go a sneak crackle and puff.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Rick, a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country at the sign of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be an onion.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Mone a funeral.
Play GoFetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill a bees, kill a bees.
Say the word tinny without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shaw should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should wait with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to caretops success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger and your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the long next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force them to stay in this car seat.
Try to dribble bobcastis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really islamal.
Wish no ill willed anyone, unless you don't like them, then school their on their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it.
Embrace it.
Detect it.
And if it's so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Care enough not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
12.03.05.60 WQ.
I'm happy Monday but we're not that far away from the big day.
Say panties day.
I thought you met Wednesday, early release day.
That's what exactly would have meant Wednesday, Marlon Day.
We love them Marlins.
How about those panties, man?
They're like, uh, they're still not going to make it.
How about those Leafs coming from behind 3-1 in the third period and tying up Ottawa,
winning it over time 4-3 on Saturday, a miracle baby.
It's a miracle, go Leaf Goal.
Go Leaf Goal.
See, that's what we got in the South Florida, man.
It's a lot of passion.
But by Lionel Burns.
Oh yeah.
Did they turn the air off again, Chris?
What did he do to turn the air off again?
I'm about to turn the air conditioning off because of all the fumes.
I can find out.
I kind of think, well, I could have gotten stifling in here.
Yeah, it sounds to me like we have these chronic between the phone situation
and between you, we can't breathe in the studio situation with the toxic fumes
and a AC can't be on them.
But it sounds to me like we have just an ongoing situation.
I could be wrong, you know.
Yeah, and I'm partly bad too.
Hey, there's a car!
Yeah, let's have some hockey talk.
What do you say?
Let's get Rimmer on here and get some hockey talk.
They'll get us down to those nose right up.
They got us four chose.
So that's our, maybe we'll do the pole to bar on that.
Even though I got this pile of phenomenal poles.
I think that's a great idea.
On a morning show.
Well, I didn't even say what it was here.
And you thought it was great idea.
I thought it was going to be on just a general, uh,
what should the station do?
What should the station do with what?
Oh, see, you don't need to remind me of...
What do I remind you of?
You remind me of a friend of mine that every time I have a conversation with him about the same subject,
and he always tells me the same thing.
And I keep telling him, don't tell me that because it's not going to happen.
I know.
He, I mean, being married is you are.
You know that there are some kind of things that just end with your mother the same thing.
Uh-huh.
And, and like I tell him, I am not going to move back to South Florida.
I'm not going to be doing my shows there.
I'm not going to have them build a studio in the house,
so I don't have to ever leave the house like some kind of a hermit.
And I don't want to be there.
Don't you get it?
I do.
I do, nevertheless.
Now, what were you talking about in regard to that?
The morning show.
No, we weren't there.
No, but, but what you...
You're talking about the whole thing.
No, listen to me.
See, you're trying to say something.
Your whole thing is, well, what should we do with these sides?
No, that's your whole thing.
That's not going to happen.
Don't you understand?
I do.
Don't you understand?
You know that.
Is our life, baby?
No.
Is what it's all about.
Let me have our news updates.
They're not about news. They're about...
Listen.
Listen.
And let me ask you this question.
Do you like it?
No.
Listen, the format will change someday.
Yeah.
Someday.
Somebody's going to get tired of losing money and change the format to something that will make money.
For you to understand that these people are still in love with it.
I know.
These people, including who is easily...
That's right.
...I have that about that many weeks ago.
Back Christmas time.
They're obsessed with it.
We're going to be the best Am Sport Station even if we have no audience left.
Even if the table is like, you know, pineapple and guacamole.
Guacamole?
Guacamole.
Guacamole.
So that's what we need to do is find out what it is, what's these people's take.
There must be some people listening to what's between 10 and 2.
Or listening to the Achining and Bull morning show between 7 and 10 every morning.
Explicitly here on QAM.
We need some input, baby, and they need some input.
They need a attitude adjustment.
I want to hear that Dickey V was going to be on tomorrow.
I thought to myself.
And what I thought?
WQA and Hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
Happy Monday.
Back to you, Sirius.
I'm very depressed.
Did anybody tell you today that they love you?
Did I love you, man?
Thanks, Kelly.
I need that.
Actually, it's sweet.
No, it wasn't.
I see it.
Let me just say this.
I want to start sounding like Modlin or like I'm old and daughtering.
I am old, but not daughtering yet.
I'll get there.
But when you get...
Seriously, I'm not joking about this.
It's funny he mentioned that because I was telling somebody about that over the weekend.
When you get to this point in life, whether it's physically or verbally or even like an email,
like I got a little while ago and it just made me feel kind of nice.
Somebody kind of like reached out and pated me on the shoulder and told me something interesting.
That was a positive or pleasant thing to...
And that's what you need.
Give the old man a little pat on the head.
That's all.
A little pat on the back.
You know?
Just like my Josh Cortis comes in there every morning over a dozen little bit.
I love your man.
Yeah, I love it.
You know.
I think he's looking for the world job.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
All you need is gloves.
That's what OJ said.
You know, you know.
Okay.
More than enough.
WDQ-A-M.
Hello.
Golly, go.
WDQ-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, Nell, you're one of the sexiest sons of the guns I've ever seen.
Yeah, huh.
Well, you ain't me.
Okay.
We'll get those eyes fixed, baby.
Callie, whatever you are.
See, these people, they want to comment on the morning show.
I do think that none of our listeners listen to the Kimmy and Bo Morning show.
I don't know.
That'd be a good poll to take to find out.
You know, do it tomorrow.
We need to get that.
I mean, they're not about 1, 7, and this last trend.
And of course, we probably not supposed to talk about that.
But we talk about all the numbers.
I mean, we didn't set the world on fire in that month either, obviously.
But, you know, we still came out trading water a little bit as opposed to...
But when this radio station starts getting shares in the ones and load twos and the sports segments,
that to me may be caused for alarm.
I don't know.
You know me.
I get a little wiggie every now and then.
Not me.
Yeah, me.
And these people did.
They just don't want to fast up and give us the stories what they don't want to do today.
They're just... they're ain't telling.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
Have you guys ever checked out the movie of the corporation?
Better sound awful for a major.
Who's in it?
It's a documentary.
A bunch of people.
You should probably go down checking out.
A bunch of people are like, okay, well, I definitely want to see that then.
It's got a bunch of people in it.
I thought he was talking about that movie with Gene Hackman.
What is that movie where he's like eavesdropping?
He's, I don't know.
You don't know that he's in the truck.
Eavesdropping on something.
One of these corporate... whatever it holds it.
Sorry.
You don't know that movie?
Nope.
It's only been on cable like 75,000 times and that's just this weekend.
It's only Monday.
Wow.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, it's Fox and Il.
Speaking, sir.
And he's talking about the cable in the morning, so.
Yes, sir.
Here we go.
Finally, somebody is going to give us some.
We're not looking to do a slice job.
We just want an honest evaluation.
Absolutely.
I've been listening to you for over 10 years.
And I like sports, but you can only handle so much of it.
And I actually wrote a letter to the program.
Who's the program director there, Josh Cordis?
Clarence Deer.
Not Josh Cordis.
Oh, that's the wrong Josh.
Josh Deer.
Don't believe that.
You got your cordis for that show.
I mean, for our... go ahead.
So I wrote a letter to Clarence saying how I cannot believe that he would put on no offense to Kimbo.
He's a man, but he is as you would put a ponder hit.
No.
Don't worry at all.
God.
And you know, he tries to feed off Kenny who could be decent, but it's just really, really horrible.
And I wrote an email and they wrote me a text and he said how happy they were with the morning show and how they're getting a great trend.
Yeah.
I was thinking, you need a email.
I'm going to look for it because it is hilarious the response.
Oh, I got to see that.
I want to read it on the year if you're forward like to us.
Take a look.
But I really can't handle that in the morning, man.
It's really, it's really horrible.
Okay.
Thanks, Paley.
I'll see you at the rectangular table.
Absolutely.
All right.
So what do you think about that guy?
A straight or not by?
What do you think?
That was named after the votes on the pool.
No, I see the thing with you know, my dog had his thumb on it a long time ago.
And of course I preceded him by his eating years on when I stopped having guests on here.
Yes, our tune out.
Don't you understand if I had high knee mnush on the year, if I had hymen Roth on you, if I, if I, it's a tune out, there's only a certain percentage of the audience that's going to tune in because they're interested in hearing about hymen Roth has got to say.
There's only one thing he says these days.
Oh, I see.
Yes, our suck.
And then of course when you have all the prefabricated segments, that's what I call them.
I don't know what else you would call them, you know.
That's it.
Pre-fag segments.
And I've been screaming about this for how many years now and age.
And this is Clarence, man.
And this is their idea.
This is their concept of sports programming.
It's today.
It's through Rosenstein and his shorts, Cran.
Tomorrow it's going to be, I wrote windbag sack, you know, sack or crap.
Oh, God.
I'm going to say to myself, oh, I'm not going to listen to that crap.
And then maybe I won't even even fight like the rest of what's on.
Even if I'm dying to hear what's on the octagonal table, I'm not going to tune back in, probably.
What these people know about the broadcasting industry, about like the listenership, about maintaining an audience, about building an audience, about radio promotion.
What these people know about it, you could put in Joe Bell's bedroom for the Chinese army.
Look, they're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
They're really good.
That is good.
That's good.
That is good.
That is good.
That is good.
That is good.
That is good.
That is good.
That is good.
That is good.
That is good.
Apple had you stupid fat baguettes.
He's got a young chubby fat guy to be asked to be in the corridor.
But what do I know?
You stupid fat guy.
I'm a good burn.
He's stupid fat.
Yeah, that's right.
That's one thing about that call.
That's why it's so precious that we have it.
We get very few young female callers like that.
In fact, most of our female callers wouldn't know Nick Carter from Anson Carter, the hockey
player.
Famous Anus?
Or whatever his name is?
5670560.
I was just thinking about, well, that was a pretty good period of time, even though you
didn't like it because they were all guys, you know, and they were in there because what's
his name?
A problem.
Was that his name?
The guy we just had this very popular.
Papaloo.
Papaloo.
Papaloo and Papaloo.
And whatever else it was.
Luke from the now, who is he involved with?
Charlie Christy.
But I know Charlie's a friend of the family and Charlie is going to be involved with all
these women and he's a heterosexual guy and he's very, very horny for this bitch and
Palm Beach, blah, blah, blah, blah, and yada yada yada yada.
Right.
Come on, you already won the election, Charlie.
What do you got to lose, huh?
You fat bagged.
I mean, you skinny fat.
You want to run for something else later on.
That's why he president.
Yeah.
Maybe he and the Mark Foley could team up like on the paint ticket would be good.
567, the pink party.
Ever attend the pink party?
No.
I got to give that number out slowly because Bobby will be emailing me again.
Oh, would you please give the number out again, Neil, because I'm not here in the car
and I can't write it down.
Oh.
And I'll call and make a funny sound.
Well, come on.
Let's get a lot more calls here about what we're going to do to fix to repair the, you know,
what do they call those things you should sit in when you were like in kindergarten and
first grade desk?
No, I'm not, well, I'm not talking about in the school.
Like a high chair.
Is that what they call them?
Yeah, kids.
Right.
Maybe that's what we need.
A high chair for some of these sophomore comedy, you know?
I like to sit in the chair high.
You like to what?
Sit in the chair high.
What did he say, Chris?
He wants to sit in the chair high.
Okay.
WQAM.
Who I am.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It was Neil.
Just had a career last year when he was around.
Did he do better than 1.7?
Did he what?
Did he do better than the ratings than 1.7?
Yes.
We moved back.
All right.
Bring me back.
When he say, let's do a poll on it.
I think he was good for some sick comedy, but of course nobody would put up with him for
a problem.
And that's why I played that all you need is moped even though I played too much.
Because that's his whole stick.
Yeah, well, I was there.
You had the numbers by the bond.
Now that I'm gone, your ratings are in the toilet.
It all started with the first team.
Maybe it started with an impenstuous thing by Greg Reed, who was never like, like most
other radio mavens, people think they know somebody about this business.
He would never stop screwing around with success long enough.
So he would program the station by calling up Barry Jack Asseththaryl, his post-personal
pie's on, and tell Barry, well, I'm really unsatisfied with the numbers on it.
More he's showing, then of course, history tells the rest, you know.
Just one mistake after another mistake.
And then Greg Messdorwood Joe Rose.
See, if Joe Rose never would have gone across the street if they wouldn't have stand in the
back in the Lidum, if he wouldn't have gone over there, they'd be playing Hungarian
Mizzirka's right now.
That's correct.
Come to QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Here's the new format.
Morning, drive, and afternoons.
Come to QAM, hello.
What about her Balford music all day?
What do you think?
Coming right up.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes.
Long time less than a...
I started listening to QAM because of you.
Wow.
But because of you, there's a song in my heart.
Yes, go ahead.
The early warning show with the big O.
And yet new.
Solid.
At seven.
Yes.
Yes.
It's terrible.
There's no content with Chinese and well, no content at all.
And they have three minutes of conversation and it goes right into commercial.
I miss thinking the morning.
Let's get a make of it.
430 to morning again.
Okay.
Let's get his bed as well.
I bet it 430.
I think we've been there, don't.
Okay, that didn't work either.
What a...
Oh, we got 1101 now.
We're over 1100.
We'll make that 1200 day EC baby.
We got an easy target today.
1200 votes.
Hands down your pantaloonies all the way to your kneecaps.
Wow.
See, it's one thing that you stick your hands down your pants, but then it's another thing of your belt is too tight.
And sometimes you can't get it back out of there.
First of all, you shouldn't be sticking your hand down your pants anyway, pervert.
But anyway.
Oh, let me get it out of there then.
Remember what I said to you before about many, many years ago about Greg Reed and breaking the egg memory to use that?
Yes.
Anology.
Don't you?
Humpty Dumpty's sad on the wall.
The big fat egg took a big fall.
Now it's in 80 million pieces.
Nair's Greg, he's got the lapenged glue out and he's trying to glue it back together again.
What is his problem anymore?
No, it's just like George Bush.
The war won't be his problem either in a year and a half.
But then there'll be somebody else's who will just inherit it and then try to put all those little pieces of what used to be America and the world back together again.
If there's any pieces left by the time Bush gets out of there.
And the same thing with Greg Reed, man.
And of course, Jolly, Joe comes along.
Now do you remember me bitching and howling about how long, how I kept screaming about?
When is this man's going to finally get off his ass and do something?
And they wait like Larry Keyes in suspended animation, man.
Wait and wait and we kept waiting for the other shooter drop for something to happen.
And when the numbers kept dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping, you know.
I, I, I, I thought I'm, look, look, the check show up.
Nice go on Joe. The check shows up a day really like he did me in last week.
It's supposed to be there on the ninth because the tent was on the Saturday.
It shows up on Thursday the eighth.
Thank God for Joe Bell.
Okay, my paycheck shows up early and it's a big fabbling in the check too.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, I love you and love your show, buddy.
Yes, sir.
As far as the morning show goes.
Yes. One thing I wanted to ask you.
If you own the car dealership, would you read spots for another car dealership?
What's that got to do with it?
You listen to what spots are going to be on the show?
I think, okay, I think you just stick the cell in the car.
The show is bothers. They make Jimmy Cepalot shows sound interesting.
Jimmy Cepalot's got a show?
Oh, yes. He's got the Dolphin Hour.
Hey, Jimmy. The Dolphin Hour lasts two hours.
Well, that's another reason I'm glad I'm out there.
I'm missing that every week.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
Jimmy Cepalot, she's got her show.
And then the funny part of it to show what a bush-league market is.
The two stations are battling.
Who's going to get the rights for the Dolphins?
But both stations agree that they want to bring Jimmy Cepalot's back
to squeak through the play-by-play again and embarrass himself.
Oh, I hear that, and I just shake my head and wonder,
what are you people thinking about?
Do you have ears? Do you hear his function?
Can you hear it on the radio?
Do you hear the sounds that this man is making?
Do you hear the excuse for a play-by-play broadcast?
Dude, we're talking about, hey, Jimmy, you're ferret.
Like I said, WNQYM, hello.
Not there. Unfortunately, WNQYM, hello.
No, how are you doing?
Okay, how are you doing?
Good. I haven't listened to you showing a while,
and moved out of South Florida.
Good. And, well, I'm not so good.
I'm up in Central Florida.
Oh, like I said, bad.
But, I can't just show here and there,
but I don't only get to listen to it as much as I used to.
But, I like that little bit you play when you come back.
From the break about Brady Quinnett
and the shaving is balls, listen to the one or two hours.
Yeah. I love it.
There you go.
Yeah.
You're ferret.
Okay. I shaved my balls, listen to the eight to four hours.
Okay, good. Keep busy.
Watch out for that rusty blade, pal. It's a bitch.
Let's see what this fact says.
Working late last Friday, accidentally tuned into the Bimbo Calls Hitcho
to my surprise, as guest was, you guessed it.
Iro Windbag.
Now, I have nothing against Iro, but does he buy time there?
What is he doing on his station morning, noon and night,
every as they say in China, every month again,
donnerstick, you turn on the radio nurse, freaking Iro Windbag,
who sounds very suspicious and like,
like his twin brother, like they're joined at the lift.
A beauty.
I supported the shelter that project day.
Then, too much surprise, disgusting shave.
He met those soldiers and in late and get away.
And shifted to play with Dusa Dog, who saved me.
Iro Windbag.
We're out to piling Iro.
Hey, how bad, how bad?
The number one is four times.
We're out to piling Iro.
What's going on with this stuff?
Iro Windbag.
We're out to piling Iro.
The events come because I'm having a piling Iro.
Iro Windbag.
Iro Windbag.
The point is, you're not going to have to bloody bloody problems.
I've only just begun for every hour, jean eed,
and hallowed earth on me.
Be lazy and they are kids too.
Iro.
And literally my blood still supports this guy.
An advanced page of sickness must be the reason why.
They believe George will eat this Jesus Christ.
Iro.
We're out to piling Iro.
Iro.
We're out to piling Iro.
They're not the ones who went out.
They're not the ones who went out.
What's going on with this stuff?
Iro.
We're out to piling Iro.
Iro.
Iro.
It's a woman who takes so many big patients.
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
Everybody knows it's hard work.
We've got a lot of hard work.
I see on the TV screen how hard it is.
Yeah.
It's just like that engineering guy did this morning between the 10 and the 10 45 or whatever.
It's hard work man.
I'm going to put it in for some overtime.
For some hazard pay.
11.
What do we got?
1117?
1170 votes on a pool.
That's not too bad for a really horse ball pool like this.
It ain't that good.
One hair color.
Are you most attracted to it?
I guess it's okay.
It's not something I would have ever dreamed of.
Whoever sent that in I think it was one of Charlie's 400 polls.
You've got to admit this because you know as well as I do the one thing that we both dread about the show.
It is coming from the new pool idea every day.
That is.
That's it.
Even if you do one thing you did like six years ago.
Oh you did that one once before.
Oh.
Big deal you know.
What's wrong with that?
But Charlie is just he's just like a and most of Marley's machine.
He is a pool machine man.
Don't tell me about machines.
I had a good day Saturday of wood buying and then why did I go back yesterday?
Why did I go back so I can give it back?
I don't want to get the money to warm in my pocket you know.
You can be dang.
So I give it back and then a little bit more.
What hair color are you most attracted to?
Blonde 292.
Gentlemen prefer blondes.
Well, nothing wrong with blondes.
Girls, guys.
Whatever you mean.
Yeah.
No preference.
I'll take it 8262.
Brown 158.
Well I got brown hair and I'm too much of it right at the moment.
Red 152.
Oh red hair just oh.
Although with women red hair is different.
It can be see the red heads are kind of freaky.
They can look really good but they can also look really good.
But guys with red hair look like cartoon characters.
Most of them got their real piece of clothing.
Never seen any good looking red headed guys.
No.
Not a one.
Red 152.
Black 150 like that real dark jet black hair.
You know like most of Latinos have got jet black hair don't they?
Most Latins do yes.
Yes.
I hate this pull 50 to a Charlie Christmas say.
But that's only about women of course.
That was funny that guy.
Well my family knows him and he dated women then he out.
Oh right.
Sure.
I hate this pull 52.
I prefer a bald woman.
You know Brittany 14.
Gray a la yo shine head.
Gray 11.
An artificial color like blue orange.
Purple.
Ten.
Green.
Green hair is nice.
I prefer a bald man 9 and white 7.
White hair.
And guess who's got white hair.
Who?
Okay.
RJ got a hold.
You're on other pull suggestion.
I like this.
This is cute.
Regardless of which station gets the rights who should call it often game next season.
And here's the here's the pull ideas.
George and freaky carlo's.
Yeah.
I like that one to be some game called Warren chromardi and Lenny Martez.
Bill's in for engine manage.
I like to wear his film manage.
Hey, Groberg engine manage.
Mojauer did it did the engine manage.
Jimmy Cephalo and Joe Rose.
Jim Madison Joe Rose.
Anybody but anybody but Jimmy anybody but Mo.
Who cares that often suck.
Oh that would be my choice.
Who cares that often blow.
Now what's the game of the new coach Chris.
Clem Kidditl Hopper.
Cam Cameron.
Yeah, I was pretty close.
I was pretty close.
Clem Kidditl Hopper.
You know who that was.
Oh that was.
No, it's Darago.
Red Skilled and speaking of red heads right here.
God bless.
God bless.
God bless.
And I just, oh man.
I didn't like red scale no matter what.
You know I hate to say that.
I guess he was funny maybe once for five minutes.
I'm just a part of the show.
I missed it all together.
WQ way and hello.
Hey Neil, good afternoon.
Yes sir, good afternoon.
Thank God it's afternoon.
Yes.
Oh, I'm going to see how.
Here's what.
How about a ginger with pinky hair.
Oh.
Ginger.
Ginger.
I did George knows what that is.
Everything's out.
Oh okay.
What do you say?
Do you know what that means?
20 seconds.
Obviously a red head with the, like the really light skin and freckle.
Oh.
A ginger with, with stinky kinky is already,
someone that's trying to be funny doesn't mean it.
He was trying to be funny and very dirty.
So sub-rosa.
Don't start being dirty and a nice clean.
So as long as I live on, never for you, was it, was it somebody that called in and said it or was it a fax?
I think it was a fax.
When the story about Tom Brady impregnating all these chicks, they're human.
And, and he said, oh, I always thought he was a clean cut young man.
But what does that mean?
Clean cut young men aren't banging their brains out.
Is that what the city was trying to tell me?
I thought he was a clean cut.
Not a guy, 29 years old, going out there and having sex with all these chicks.
Oh, who'd have, who'd have, who'd ever believe that a clean cut young guy like Tom Brady or anybody like that would be doing such terrible things?
WDQAM, hello.
Bob Green, please.
Oh.
WDQAM, hello.
What's new?
Hello, hello.
Wow.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good evening.
What are you talking about?
DJ Alazzo Stockbalker from 8th-10th.
Okay.
Okay.
We're working on it.
Good segment, I think.
I think he's got him made.
We can certainly beat that one seven.
I mean, I don't want to sound like a panic man or like I'm more for reacting to those numbers because I realize the numbers are as fast as they can.
You can never really bad month.
But you know something?
When are they going to have a good month?
You see what I'm saying?
When is the morning show on this radio station going to rebound with a three something?
Okay.
A three something would be nice, wouldn't it?
I mean, that's not a giant man, since that's our target.
I mean, it would be, you know, it's not that gigantic.
But wouldn't that be a nice number to start with?
Yeah.
Three something?
Like maybe even a three something above a five or three six, a three point nine?
Three point, the, the eye.
Right.
You know what I think, Kenny's biggest problem is that really turns a lot of people off.
It makes me very upset.
Is when he does that thing about what do you call him?
Robert Creeper, the Lord of the board.
What's the other thing he says about him?
He got this, who?
No, no.
Robert Creeper, the, um, the, um, Robert Reaper, the Grim Reaper, the Lord of the board.
Okay.
And when he says that, I just want to let out a scream.
I mean, like, I just want to get shrugged.
I want, I just get spastic.
By the way, Lord of the board.
This is the 30th birthday.
I'm going to say two papers, but how's Robert Creeper?
Turn, man.
W2A.M. Hello.
What? He's ageless.
QA. Hi.
Hello?
Yes.
I knew how he was going.
Okay.
Um, about the, uh, you sound just like Woody Graber.
Oh, thank you.
But you're not.
I know. I know it's not.
Go ahead.
Um, about the, uh, morning show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Kenny and Boast are about like one, too many times.
And, uh, I think you guys are a place to with.
Scott Brown.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Oh.
Been there, done that.
WQA.M. Hello.
Bill.
Yes.
Wow.
How you doing?
Okay.
Even the ones who go to the dance together.
They're so really to know.
What is it the morning show sucks?
The morning show really sucks.
Based on what?
What is it that you don't like?
What is it we can, how can we fix it for you?
The thing is, you need a strong, a strong, or not really strong.
Let me, let me set, accept my good introduction.
Yeah.
We need it.
The majority of Southborne listeners, the listeners of the
listening to you, Neil, they, they tune in at 10 and they tune out at 2.
Maybe a little bit of crossover of mandatory.
But of course from that, it blows.
How's he really fuel up?
Well, I'm sure there must be somebody out there.
I mean, they do have a one seven.
There must be somebody calling and say how much they like to square table.
And the gay or not straight or straight or not by or, uh, you know.
Which one's got the Tony, Voney Maroney?
Oh, I'm not going to cue that up again, you know.
You got me into that Larry Williams stuff.
Well, chicken acted that by sending me this, um, this disc.
And of course anybody that's out there, it's over 150 years old.
See, there was something about being a kid back then and listening to the radio back in.
And why is that old table of contents error?
Can you explain to me why that does that every now and then?
Sometimes you'll put the same disc in and the same CD deck and it doesn't do that.
Some decks are more sensitive.
It could be that your lens needs cleaning itself.
My lens needs to be also.
Your hands off of my lens, Mr.
And also what?
When somebody burns a CD on the computer,
it isn't quite the same quality as a commercial CD.
I see.
Yeah, my, oh, a short fan fan, you always cues up.
As I knew, well, man, baby, we're going to show you our short, back,
fan.
It's going to do it.
It's going to get better than one seven.
Now, let me ask you seriously.
Do you think that it's like the rest of this book?
Because we got a pretty weak, everybody understands we got a weak month in January,
obviously, really weak.
If we play, if I play all these, the entire like the rest of,
well, it's only the rest of the rest of this month, am I right?
Or I think it's like in April.
For that duration, maybe till my vacation, we can, we, you know, we do better than one seven.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
Well, it sounds like a plan to me.
You get a lot of bass cards.
The Rogers hot sports hall radio W-A-L.
Good.
I'm on headline news.
Nancy Gray's interviews Irish troublemaker, the leprechaun.
One on one.
I'm going to expose you for what you are, my little green friend.
Nancy Gray's is relentless.
Isn't it true that you have engaged in fraudulent activity for centuries?
Lashy.
Or enough rep and people off.
People are always trying to steal money.
Oh, I'd say you promise a pot of gold, but don't deliver now your the victim.
You, sir, how do you sleep at night?
The truth comes out when Nancy Gray says you winner crosshairs.
So you think it's all right to use a rainbow, a symbol of hope,
to lure folks into one of your sinister money schemes.
There's nothing sinister about our rainbow.
It's because you're really just a fairy.
Isn't that right, Mr. Leprechaun?
You're a fairy.
Who are you calling a fairy?
There'll be no luck in the Irish for this leprechaun.
When he gets grilled, I'm Nancy Gray's tonight on Headline.
Now listen all your kids out there.
You've got to call somebody a fairy.
Make sure you put two ease in it.
Open up how they spell F-A-E-R-I-E.
Who's helping me spell it?
Who does?
I'm talking about like the Leprechaun's like little...
Oh, yeah, I don't know.
You better get with it, Mr. F-A-E-R-I, as opposed to F-A-R-R-Y.
You better get with it.
Like that, as in like, homo, stuff like that.
Or limperist or whatever that means.
So being the use of this fountain of knowledge,
maybe you tell us what St. Patrick's Day, what is this?
What is this besides waxing your shaleighly?
What does that mean?
What is that bit?
Which one?
Is it called the Leprechaun?
Leprechaun?
Leprechaun is not old, right?
And it's coming out okay.
Hi.
Yeah, it's coachy to play.
But anyway, what's the significance?
See, what I'm thinking, I could be wrong.
Other than you're on Kipper.
You're on Kipper, excuse me, for all your orthodox or you are far-bisoned.
Other than that, I'm trying to think of any holiday that hasn't just become
another excuse to like, kid, or drunk.
Yeah.
You know, just about every holiday is an excuse to...
Party.
Yeah.
And get drunk off your ass.
I mean, what else is there any holidays?
You know every saint has a...
Oh, I will say this.
The average year we need an excuse to get drunk.
We're going to...
No, they don't.
You know every saint has a saint's day.
Who's that?
Who's that supposed to be their birthday?
Also, what's all saint's days?
I don't know.
I guess that's a free crawl.
Everybody come on down?
Anyway, it's supposed to be their birthday, but sometimes it's a day,
an important day in the saint's life, but every saint has a day that's attributed to them.
For example, my birthday is Saint Nicholas's day, December 6th.
Wow.
That's for Christmas.
Anyway, Saint Patrick administered to the Catholics.
He's the one that the Irish, he's the one that converted a lot of them to Catholicism,
and so there you go.
And also, he's supposed to have been the one that got all the snakes out of Ireland.
Oh, that's the most important thing.
He rassled with them snakes.
I've had a few of those.
And the war experience says, yeah.
And what?
And he won.
And he won.
And he came out on top, so to speak.
Let him 55.
And before we got 1200 looked easy, you know something I like that.
It's the only Monday.
There's no sense in Saint LeBar, way up there high.
And we want to get 45,000 votes today.
You know when it's not going to happen.
So the 1200 we got looked in, Christmas, and like, St. Patrick,
I didn't hear anybody eating anything today.
That's not good.
Well, the club is not good.
You know during that chaos when you were crawling around on the floor,
that's when the food came in and we weren't.
You mean during the equipment or is that before the show?
Yeah.
No.
The equipment part.
Oh, I see.
So we just ate during the break.
But thank you, how he's once again for group food.
Nice and always for taking care of our people.
Listen, since you were a little bit of a person.
Take that group of sand.
Everybody, reach out and tell everybody they love each other.
Let's make it a big love in.
When you say I don't love Chris, or at the very least give people a little pat on the shoulder.
A little pat on the back of the head, that's all I need.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I've got two observations on that morning show.
Yes, sir.
It just drive me absolutely nuts.
And one is that they laugh at every little thing.
It's like they've got the canned humor machine going on.
You know, usually when I turn it on, I'm hearing all this.
And I always think to myself, gee, I must have something really good.
You know, because it's always...
It's nothing.
It's nothing except wasting the time of your life.
The second point I like to know is what I really, really I just hate about.
And that's against speakers they have.
One of them is being drew rows in the house.
You're one of those old...
Is that a world?
Yes.
What does he have to say?
He's not rich money.
He pumps up some auto dealership about a minute and a half.
And it's a entry dick, because I'd rather listen to the rust grunt.
No, no, wait a minute.
Are you telling me that Drew Rosenstein, how is France, those spots when he's on there?
Yes.
He's got his own spot.
Oh, no!
Oh!
You know, the world is coming to an end as I want to know it.
That's it for me.
I'm going to the balcony and I'm going to jump right now.
Happy talks about his own players for about five minutes or so and how great they are.
Yeah.
And he's got the other.
He does this huge spot.
We've got all kinds of cars.
I don't want to hear that score, but I mean, I do.
For our, I won't say anything.
We've got Ferrari's.
We've got the way to do it.
Okay, well, I don't want to hear the spot again.
Yeah, is that for Drew or what?
Chris.
Yes, he does car spots for a luxury car dealership.
Drew Rosenhausstein Schwartzberg does a spot?
Yeah, that guy.
I thought he was just a guest celebrity nerd.
Well, I guess he can.
And what about my gelries on there on Thursday doing a terminal panther talk?
What about that?
What about that?
He's doing spots in there too.
See, I remember back in those days, you talk about spots up the old, when you have a spot like a leopard, spots up the...
But you remember when he had Goli and Gioros and D41, there were three of them together and...
And he'd go into a break and all three guys...
And then they would complain about the length of the breaks.
Right.
But all three guys would do a live spot.
And then they'd go into like a six minute recorded segment of spots.
So you'd wind up...
Because each live spot wasn't a minute, it would be like two minutes.
So now we're talking about, let's see, two, four, six, about a twelve minute break every time.
You remember that?
Yes, we did ratings on.
Well, there was no one seven, I'll tell you that.
I mean, then we're getting reasonable, not nothing spectacular.
But the station overall back then was doing fine.
We were kicking ass, mad dog kept most of our audience at two.
The hopper was getting nice numbers in the afternoon.
Everything was A-OK.
Oh, we're fine.
That's right.
But not good enough for Greg Wied.
No, no, mess with success.
I remember sitting one day at I-O-D and screaming.
I forgot what the hell changed the adjustment.
Everything was going along.
So, Hunky Dory, you know, Oky-Doki.
Oky-Fonoki.
And maybe they had a screw round again.
And I'm sitting there screaming, mess with success.
Aerobe, person in this business says, every so-called programmer,
that's all they know how to do.
If things are going really well, fix it.
But it's not great.
If it's not broken, fix it.
Ditto with it, mess with it.
And then of course, you know, and that began a series of like,
like that.
That worked out really well, didn't it?
That was really good.
And then of course, the Howard Spurm show,
that they were bleeping out every fourth word, like, in fact,
to me, the favorite, I didn't actually hear it myself.
But the favorite steering show of all was the morning he was doing something
with fart sounds or farting contests.
That's right.
I mean, like a half hour.
And there's Duffs in the near-port Duff.
She's sitting there with a headphones on, having a nervous breakdown,
going like, no, no, no, no.
Like that.
Yeah.
Eventually, they decided that the delay wasn't able to keep up
and they just went to music.
Yeah.
And so they start playing music.
No.
Because he couldn't keep up with the bleeping out all the fart sounds.
Because Joyce was having a nervous breakdown.
Because she is so hysterical that she thought she could actually smell them all.
That's why she was over, you know, getting a little hysterical.
Like Connie.
Was it Connie?
It was Connie.
There was a K.
Whoever.
She's a hysterical.
No, it was Connie.
She's a hysteria.
It was Connie.
Because, you know, she knew that Michael was responsible for Carlo
at meeting his maker a little bit prematurely.
You know, like he was 25 years old.
And all of a sudden, there's flamens in the back seat.
Oh, hi, Carlo.
Yeah, you're punishment is you're no longer part of the family business.
We're going to send you to Vegas.
Remember that?
That was great.
Was it Tatagria or Bazzini?
Tatagria is the print.
Yeah.
Was it Tatagria or Bazzini?
I just love the way he said that.
And then he gets in the car with, well, don't know that.
I think that's the message.
Do not get in the car with Clemenza.
Okay, another idea.
If you see Clemenza in the back seat, oh, I just remember I got a hot date.
I'll see you a little later.
Maybe if he were going to drive, you know, if he was the driver, I'd think about it.
Even in.
And then the other answer to the back seat.
Unless you saw a bag with cannolis on the front seat next to him, I don't get in the car, you know.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, back off, down.
Regarding the morning shows, the last color from the point of, I was going to bring out
that.
I'll put it more in context.
Whenever a phone can eat, talk about anything other than sport.
That's from the force laughter starts because they're just comfortable because all we know is sport.
If you think they start with the, when they start with the crossing the line,
sex talk and try to talk about who got the lead the night before and how it was and how good it was and how bad it was and how often it was and like that.
Does there's an after a flow when they talk about anything other than sport, if like sports and can try and...
Well, I think that's probably their, their, their, their, their fish and your foul.
You know, what they want to do is they want to do a sports show that's got a little bit of something else in it.
Well, you know, a sports show is still a sports show no matter what other label you try to put on it.
If 90% of your guests are sports oriented, or 100% of your guests, and 90% of what you're talking about,
it's a sports show disguised as an entertainment show, which it's not.
You know, make up your mind. What do you want? I think that's the question.
Exactly. Why do we, what were Jim and Hank's numbers letting catch that part of the show?
To to.
Oh, to to. All right. On the rare occasion, I want to get caught up with sports.
I can listen to Manage Elite because you have some personality to them, but other than that it's just terminal.
Well, it just, it's part of a syndrome that's going on here and they're not doing any promotion and the thing is like sinking and Joe Bell is out of town and this one's out of touch.
And Clarence is busy playing you and basketball, Maven, and we're like, you know, we got some issues.
I would say would be a way to put it, but the paycheck still clearly nicely pal. Have a great day.
All right. Thank you.
I don't think I have a new tag this week. I know this tag was for last week and the week before that.
I just mentioned that in passing. There's nothing in the box there is that I might need before the spot in the next stop.
I just mentioned that because Brian Schmutz is Scott Barrell.
I went up and felt that you could slap all the women with painted lips on the pole.
I listened to the new Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listened to the new Rogers. There in balance, one to two hours.
Oh!
Time for a made me stop.
I want to win a completely late T-Dolan boy like gravy with.
These are football they do, a solid world of meat
The kind of guy that I want to do, that's good to do to keep searching
I want to give him the water day, but there's no chance at all
So don't make me a sports queen, if I want to see him grand the balls
Oh baby wow, look at that shit, you ain't seen on that night I'm ready
Wait, I gotta hide the empty screen that helps me see his bones
I can do what I want, but I ain't gone up, never get none
Wreck them, no need days up of his or school, okay, that's not so great
But I'm just a little bit mad at me, at least until he's 28
I'm ready now, I want some food, you fairly
You ain't seen no man, but like great, you ain't seen no man, but like great, you ain't seen no man, but like great
Well, I think it's like the dolphins aren't gonna get ready, Quinn, looks like he's gonna go number 8
That's what they're saying, Chris
Hey, I'm gonna do another one, I'm gonna do another one
Start them while you're still here
This is like around tax time, it's like around April 15, there are boats right to give or take
Yeah, it's all like that
That's something like that, I think probably the 14 because it's always on a Saturday
And the two stations get all whipped up, hey everybody's done 24-7, it's draptalk baby
But I mean, but I'm up and shit the dolphins, they're still gonna suck no matter what
Yeah, but when I think that's what the dolphins got, Brady Quinn
Hmm, then who was your root for?
Patriots
See, listen man, I want to tell you this very carefully, okay
Tom Brady to me is a beautiful young man, okay?
He's lovely, but the fact of the matter is, if the Patriots had the obvious quarterback on the face of the earth,
I'm still a Patriots fan, my favorite hockey player of all time is Johnny Bauer, who's now 140 years old
And he was a old man when he was playing
Who?
Johnny Bauer, okay?
My favorite baseball player was Hank Bauer, and my favorite actor on a guiding light was Papa Bauer, he was also a hundred out of no
You mean I'm not listening to what I'm saying, yeah, listen what you saying
It's like somebody wants to do me, oh you bet on a horse race, you bet on the driver that looks good
Yeah, yeah, that's what I do, let me see the drivers, line up and let me see what you guys look like and now decide which number I'm gonna bet on
So in three years when they're over the hill, you're gonna root for the Patriots when we're like last time the division
Cool under division this year
Yeah, that's it, we'll be San Diego and we'll go into the conference finals, okay?
Whether making all these these pickups right now is to give
Because they're gonna start you know for a dolphin
They got two to three more years and for anybody who's a dolphin in addition to which you know, it's George what he's trying to do
No, I have three words for you four words, okay three words. I'm trying to count them getting old remember
Oh
Remember the bird
See I tuned out as soon as he said birdie quiz. Yeah, there you go. Oh, why do you do that?
I'm high
As soon as you get back into you know the show pretty Quinn has got nothing to do with sports
Okay, just because he wears a jock strap. Sorry. We run in showers with the guys and had probably slap some on the ass with the towel
That sounds awfully to me, you know, what do I know? I'm wrong from that stuff
Guys, it takes showers make it together to me. It sounds very I could be wrong about that
I told you when I was in high school. We had to go swimming naked
Yeah, maybe that's what all of my
I would have sued no, that's not correct
You had to or you just wanted to
But you haven't heard this story. I never heard of lying them all up and then inspect them
Get out. What are you talking about? You thought they would line you all up along your crazy man
You must be you must be doing some extra weed man. You must be you must be in the fricking season that they would stand you all up at the edge of the
Stand up and inspect what?
Yeah, right what else I
I wanted to inspect but nobody was inspecting anybody when they went in the shower you showered off and then you went in the
Thing would a pool wasn't everybody hopped in the swan and then when you got out you went back in and showered off all the saltwater
Whatever it was or the salt peter whatever was in there
There's a lot of chlorine in that pool man. I tell you they were actually a Catholic school you went to no
It was not it was Canada. We'll academy high school as a public school baby while I'd be going to a Catholic school
Are you crazy? There were at least a half a dozen of us Jews in there
And I got news for it. We were the only ones who were circumspect and there's rob a handra hand
They got a back doing the weather air Rob Marciano whatever's name. Who's Rob handra hand?
Is he a news guy in channel four or something?
Something like that. You can't keep track. They change like people change their underwear Rob Marciano was it
They got a back at the weather thing again as opposed to anchoring today
And that's because some of the chicks on there who do the news on CNN
They got really pissed off because the viewers were they were complaining that Rob Marciano was better looking than most of the chicks
Doing whether it's isn't say much on CNN
5 6 7 0 5 6 they were dissecting the morning show
We're deciding the shape of the table for tomorrow morning show Kenny and both. I mean
I'm not afraid to do a sliced job. I'm sure that I know Bo's a great guy and you tell me that Kenny never saw a freighter
And he's a good guy and he's pretty you know like radio is she's actually a bra broadcasted
But there's just something there man
There's just something that isn't catching yet
Maybe the fact that there hasn't been what I would have promotion for that show yet
Either is there any promotion out there are there bookboards? Is there a TV campaign? Are there newspaper ads?
Is there anything? Oh, what's the level? I can't speak for the newspaper, but I haven't seen any of the other stuff and you won't
WQ I am hello deal. Yes talk about coming up
I can't even vote on your poll anymore because I've got your website block
Mike would not be your company is my wife like block. Yes. I can't get on there because you have videos
Well, what does that mean? I don't know
I can't live in it. We don't have like sex videos on there at least not yet. You tell me I mean
I mean are you tell me how to have what do I know about your company?
Is that what you're about?
Yeah, but it's not ridiculous. I that's what I enjoy every day is voting on your poll
We know something if that's the thing you look forward to every morning is voting on the poll
There's an answer for that because what you're trying to say I have no life. Yeah, that's what you enjoy every day is voting on a poll
1194 you know something Chris the 1200 is a given oh yeah, I'm I'm refreshing now 1195
They're they're pouring in by the ones now they don't want to overdo it
See that's a typical South Florida guy what he has to look forward to every day is voting on the poll and the alleges that the company
He works for has blocked the thing as we got videos on there are some stupid crap like that believe anything he said no
It's possible that they don't want people watching video during their work time or that it sucks up all the bandwidth that they have over there
By doing what what is it we have on our website that sucks of all the
Downloading videos streaming video is
What are what are what a streaming video have to what is that have to do with voting on our poll?
All these got to do is just go to the main page click on the thing and get all the stuff
That's a pages block because you have videos up there
Yeah, I'm out of here. I would I would put a pipe bomb in a general manager's mailbox. That's what I would do
I
Don't want to start you know suggesting evil things, but that's what I would do whoever whoever the bosses where you work
Whoever the CEO or whatever he is just put a pipe bomb up there his back of mailbox
WQ a.m. Hello George loves voting on you. Okay great WQ a.m. Hello. Oh, this is very important. Neil
Yes, the reason they can't get on the poll is the new windows
Vista operating system or does not allow you to get videos you can't
transfer songs to iPod
You're all locked up as you use that system more like the guy said comment is what a comment as much a crap that is
You can transfer your IPod why not can't do anything you can't copy this you can't do anything
Well, Bill Gates is the interest and he should only rotten hell, you know and Kevin you're out of it buddy
Okay, how do you like that?
Okay, the new window system I asked you can't do this and you can't do that and but it would but about well
That's just a sweet man
Bill Gates you can take that and stick it oblong wise. How about the oblong table? I like that
The ellipse I still think that they had to do the show from the boardroom with ITT like a network and that one scene
I mean you know, so you notice how dark it was in the right and they had those those little green lamps at every seat
You know that was a awesome scene
Mm-hmm and Ned baby sitting like about a hundred yards away at the one end of the table and there's Howard B. O. Peter Fritz and the other end
And he goes through that speech there are no dollars there are no rubles ever whatever they said what do you say there are no
What do you know?
Contrination there are no nations there only rubles and rupees and Deutsch marks and whatever
See that was before we had Oros
See it's kind of boring now, you know, I mean Europe is great. Don't get me wrong
But like you go to Amsterdam and you had what do we have an Amsterdam to knees?
No, seriously, what was the currency there?
All right now that's that's bad. You need to give me some help right away that I can't remember what the currency was
I still have some of them sure from what you smoked when you were over there. Oh my god
I can't believe it and you go to what Italy and there be Lyra and the thing about Italy was because of the fact that
I guess it's easier to
Cook the books when you've had Zidians and numbers so like a hundred thousand Lyra with 60 bucks a hundred thousand
Ten thousand Lyra with six bucks
No more Lyra. What was the thing in Amsterdam, baby? They had Krona in I guess you still do in Denmark
I don't know if you don't tell me what the currency in
Home used to be I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna fall on the floor
I'm gonna look at it really fast
And you're not gonna find it because now it's euros
I'm most all the EI EU countries are I got euros you you have trouble one already Chris
Going to us congratulations George and Chris in the for a wonderful Monday man
Whatever that means congratulations to me for calling around on the floor
Mm-hmm. There's certain other people who work in our building
I like would have loved to have seen them in the same situation. Yeah, wearing boxes to wearing sitting here wearing boxers
You're calling around on the floor
I would have loved that was to be a fly in a wall to a witness that I mean it must have been chemical enough just to
We'll watch it me try to do you know if you saw deliverance then you saw that scene
Did you really pull that big?
I was crawling around in his boxers and I'm sure it looks just like that except instead of the woods
12 on a pool by the way 1212 votes, you know, we probably should have shot for 13 but let's not do it like I said 12 hundred sounds nice to me
In fact, I'll you can go one step further than that twelve hundred sounds very nice. Yeah to me
Well, there's that danna bash man. She is so annoying and I got used for a Rob Marcian has got her beat
You know there are shoes for you. Is there a bigger burden?
Got her bees
Well, I thought you were gonna tell me what the occurrence you in the hall used to be. No, we'll find it through the break
I mean, I lived there for two summers. I had the apartment. You know, usually a pop it
I lived there for two freaking summers
And I still can't think of what the hell used to be. That's just
Gilders. Oh excuse me Gilders. Oh finally my brain finally it fell back in the hole. You know how your brain sits like in a
socket
Brain pan my fell back into my brain pan, which is right next at the moment to my bed pan
That's what happens when you get old
Where of exploding balls you've seen him on channel seven years first as a two bit reported
Now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febecker and Mary Kay combined
Rick Sanchez sings
Hear the dulcet tones of the man who brought you crunchic Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez sings
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face story over higher layer. It's one show you all want to miss state for a good one
Oh
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience
One nineteen and five sixty rich Sanchez by the way if you ever met him and personally comes up to about your neat camp
He's a hell of a guy man from 19 on the pool so our goal is whatever we get and then in that great when the pressure is all off
And you can't really you know just let out a sigh of relief like no more pressure
Mad dog at two then the power hour with mad dog and hang four to five that hour is just a chicken it
Ancient style like before we had the transmitter
Hank solo between five and seven and then the hurricane hotline seven and nine and then any came nine and midnight
That's our award reading lineup. Well a big game tomorrow night panthers at the Carolina Hurray Kings man
That's got playoff implications and then Wednesday Wednesday
1250 at some Orleans and the Orioles which means I get instead of a two o'clock woodbine in the Wednesday
I got a one o'clock woodbine Wednesday or already told my cabbie about that
Can you imagine how much extra I can lose on Wednesday?
$1
No
Lots I could lose lots
Anyway dentist is five this afternoon for those who are keeping track of my wardrobe and my personal schedule
Five o'clock it's a return visit to the dentist this time on the bottom left hand
I got another another crack filling. That's what I had last Monday. Tell me to the crack
Yeah
Another crack to fill in to fill in yeah, no actually I don't have any cavities which is good
Good just like that one guy says if I can never find the guy. I'm sure I'm sure it's any
I have no cavities. I have no teeth. Yeah, that was a guy
You don't think that's a guy. I think that's an old woman. No, it's an old man. Listen again. I have no cavities
I have no teeth. Of course. It's an old man
That's a woman
You better get with the mister because you sure don't know your women
All too well taken from the ladies expert man. I know my women, but anyway
What was he gonna say on and the thing about when when they remove an old filling and they have to put a new one
Which did this guy got a great dentist this guy's fabulous
But anyway what they do is they have to drill out all the old one
I mean they got to get off and when you go to the dentist and of course they give you anesthetic
I mean is there any laws right mine? Can you can you imagine what it must have been like? I'm trying to think of when I was a kid
If I ever I'm sure I must how much of this butcher wants he gave you the injection
Then he started drilling immediately before it had a chance. Oh yeah right away. No, I'm only take 10-15 minutes. It's just relax
Yeah, if they walk out of the room and then they come back a little too fast. It means well
They just press for time. Okay. Don't worry about living the thing or kicking
But they hit that long ass needle and I'm not one of those people. It's like a real worst
I could care less I've had blood taken so many zillion times it doesn't it doesn't phase me in least unless it's some unless it's some nurse
Who's like a butcher you know and she's trying to find a vein because I've got my veins are not easy to find
You know maybe in the middle of all this fat although I don't have fat arms as you know
I have lovely arms and how do you know that?
Well, I'm not anyway next time you see me which you'll never happen again, right?
I'll show you my lovely arms, but it's trying to find a vein and once in a while there'll be like a nurse and she'll like
They'll be poking around like oh, geez
But most of the time if they're good you don't even feel it even though even though in that case you were looking at it
See my best advice if you're squeamish about that don't look
When you stick in the needle in your vein to take the blood out just don't look at it. That's all just stare off from the distance and think
Oh, what a great day. And this is gonna be over one of these days. They'll be out of here and you know like that
Just
And but with the dentist you don't see it. I mean you can see the needle if you want to look at it
Which have to be a crazy person because the needle for the taste stick with it is like I mean as long as my arm, you know
And they give you the anesthetic and and now they've got that down to the signs where you don't feel like at all
If you got a dentist that's any good at all or in a world tech whatever they're like
And he does the thing with me. You don't feel anything
And of course since you've got the anesthetic in there and you're not being drilled you would assume that all he's because all he's doing is
Drilling out the old filling and putting in a new it'd be assuming that there's no discomfort involved right?
That's right because once he starts drilling out the old filling vendors pressure man. He is
I'm so glad this is the last time to get you in the mood
And I don't want to be in the mood. Okay. I'll get back down on the floor again. So looking for that purple or vinegar contact
God
And like I said last week because last boy because last week in the upper there were like two teeth side by each that he had to remove all of that filling
And then replaced and then there was a dependent job
Because that that stuff up there was annoying me for years
But today it's only one so lament a uno
So that should be like a piece of cake, but as I'm laying there and of course now they have the new cheers where they they lay you flat back like you're on the operating table actually
And you're like helpless and you're laying there and all I keep thinking to myself is there will be a time when this will be over and I'll be walking out right
That's the only thing that's the state that keeps me going it will happen
This will be over eventually and it could be a long time
But the pain will stop the discovery also and not only that but they have like this big it's like a rubber ball
You know, I don't want to get into a sexual thing
But you know you've seen the things with the a rubber ball in the mouth
Well, they have this like a rubber block blocks yet and to keep your mouth wide open
They shove that in on the opposite side from where they're going to be doing work and I got for that otherwise you get so tired your job fall off
Or here's a bag from Tim's as I just wanted to say I was a damn good-looking red-headed guy
Well good luck to you Tim of course I'm bald now, but whatever George was correct either red-headed girls are knockouts or their real dogs
Oh, that's what Tom said they could go on the expert on redheads
Because he used to have red hair now. We don't have no hair. I had an uncle named red on my father's side. I put it this before
And maybe now and then he would show up. He was a nearer to well
He was the black sheep of the family and he had red hair. That's I guess why they called him red
But anyway red be helpful. That was his name
Huh, and he would show up on expected unannounced at the house always a looking for money
You know always out of work and we're and one thing about red that I'll never forget my life is
Don't go in the magic room after he's done because I guess where he hang out
He know they don't know nothing about flushing the toilet. You know when you're done. Whoa
Yeah, and so red had this habit of leaving you a surprise
Every time he went in the magic room. Oh geez. I guess red was in here. Well. Oh
Well, they leave a red rocket
Oh, man
You he like he would always leave several rockets
Oh
138 votes on the pool. What we were laughing about you know
I don't know if I remember something I heard on the morning show that must be am I must have been that round table
Thomas sports car commentator on prime time television. You're a fan. Why not in roll in the
Demis Miller school of broadcasting
Okay, please let's start at square one. It's not a ball. It's a pig skin. Okay
It's not a flame field. It's a grid iron and never ever call them a crowd when you can refer to them as a teaming
Multitid of kinetic
Enfistia
So okay at the Demis Miller school of broadcasting learn how to fill time between plays with
Fontanius down to earth better to which the working net can easily relate okay class
Repeat after me here we come
I haven't seen blocking like that since the cavalry sequence in print of a nation
I haven't seen blocking like that
At the Demis Miller school of broadcasting Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct entire sentences using nothing but made up words
Oh man, how
When an obstetaceous smell of frisim of unfiliated nine and six so if you were a fan of such a legendary sportscasters as John
Madden Terry Bradshaw and Don Meredith then you should attend the Dennis Miller school of broadcasting and become nothing like
I folks on Dennis Miller reminding you that
Classes that start this week
Well, I have you on the air making references to the house of plant
Dagenet at just six weeks
The Demis Miller school of broadcasting in rule today before Dennis was on ceremoniously quite at the end of the season
I want he sure was 132.560 what they made all out of good moves there in ABC didn't they between the rush while I rush was on ESPN my right Chris
Yeah, that worked out real well. I'd be seeing ESPN is the same anyway
And then of course try to weekend. What happened at Chris's he like fading into the other room? No
Microphone is a bit further away that time
Okay
Getting a little bit worried about you now
Well, we still have AC in here. Are you still having the way you see in there? Mm-hmm
Good thing that mental twet a lot
Wow
Man old man so if the aroma from the tartism put you in a coma you aroma from Chris sweating up his storm
Man old man the hog slop fallen from his arm fall
Can you even begin to imagine he's a clean guy
Not do you know
Well, it looks like we're from here is all you've been inspecting sounds to me like you're a little bit too interesting
560560 let's get we got 28 minutes to go here man
This has been a dynamite Monday and more ways than one it really has been just fine as wine been okay
We got 248 votes on the pool like I said if we didn't really we to make 13 easy if we depoosted big time
But you know what we don't care about that. I just want to make
Because we're not gonna do it now. I just want to make very sure you understand
Okay, then we don't get paid an extra dime whether we get 1213
1986
145,000 it doesn't make a bit of difference
What that guy call about called before though about the thing with the windows
That that was a disconcerting wasn't it the thing with the windows
With the new well microsoft with an old assuming if what he said is accurate which you know people call up and say
Cookie things on the turn on the people call up and say cookie things
Why would you make up something evil like that?
You don't know who that guy was everybody that calls in the show is giving us the MS a hundred percent absolutely correct sir
I mean I would bro. I'm asking what a cynic you are probably to have
Vista on all their computers like a month after release is kind of you know sketchy
Well, what does that mean? Well, that's not to imply that that's what that guy was calling about well
What does that mean where you just said to have it on their own month?
I mean most companies won't just sit there and grab the latest operating system and throw it onto the computers
The minute it comes out because you're gonna be a lot of bugs and stuff like that and the company doesn't want to have
The operating system shut down their company
That would be very surprised if you know whatever company the sky was talking about has Vista installed on all their machines
But what do we have to worry about we're not gonna have no Vista how about how about Vista? How about Vista Vista?
Fibery McGee Molly now what about that nice new computer you got their Chris which I still can't figure that must have been a mistake
Yeah, I think it was but it's very good way probably got it for Josh Q.Y.M. Hello
He's going to Canada. Let me do Q.Y.M. Hello
Hi. Yeah
About let's see first of all your uncle red I grew up with
People who there to add work night
And so we slept during the day and so when you were over there
They told you not to flush the toilet because you would wake him up. It was oh nice really
Nice
Yeah, it's what it is way I always told it in when I was there and see and that's too, you know
But also about the blonde you know about the whole thing with the hair color
I'm a largely good looking guy with blonde hair. Yeah, well of course. I'm like the red hair guy
I guess I'm I'm grown bald now, but
My whole thing was
Everybody always wanted to be blonde everybody always thought my hair was so great and like you see these
Really ugly people
Diver hair blonde and think that that was gonna like you know do it warm, you know
I was when I was in college in Michigan state
That was the big thing that all of us guys were trying to do is air was the fad back then
Everybody would try to like surfer guys dye their hair blonde and then it would kind of like purple green and purple was the most popular
Yeah, and then
Yeah, that's another thing it comes out like I mean the hair like kind of like orange or whatever like with
Really
Sharp car tractor like boot shamby right? Yeah, but anyway about the oh there's something in the hair
That they again kind of about your uncle red in the hair. Oh today there's some little travel section
They say send in your comment about what grosses you out while you're traveling and of course my whole thing again would be
Gone into the bathroom after some big fat. Okay. Great. Well. Yeah, the excellent people have any lunch yet
250 on a pool man. That's a fine number if you ask me if I
I I I I I I I I I I I any a fine number I believe it's not too bad. That's fine
What do you know there's something like in the middle eastern countries and I think there was one place
I was in Italy. I don't remember whether it was in Milano or in Aroma
But it was somewhere strut and then there was a hole in the floor
Oh, now luckily the rest of the time I yes, and no not in the middle of the restaurant
Well, you know something that would be a crazy world. Leave your seat or go too far away, you know
What I want to deal that would be for like a major emergency, you know
Talk about killing two of your birds with one stone
For the really lazy diner luckily I only had to do an ace, but I mean I
Just don't know whether that was serious or whether that was a joke. I don't I didn't linger too long outside of that
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, I deal with how are you today great
Uh, did you hear uh, Ann Coulter last night on the universe?
Sir, Ann Coulter came on my TV said I would take the whole thing and throw it out the window
I just explain to me why it's what attracts people to her. I mean she's a
I've never heard she's a Nazi and Nazis like other Nazis. That's why she's a hateful style and people of this same ilk
Those are the people who buy her books and watch her crap and next time she comes on your TV put a rock through it, okay
Which reminds me here's an article by David Bouter
I was the TV writer for Associated Press as Ann Coulter hit her tipping point. I don't think I've time to do it before they have break
It's really long, but it's worth it because these people get all whipped up see the way I solve that is I don't watch her
I don't watch below and I don't watch her and I don't watch oh you gotta get the other side
And I already know what the other side is okay a bunch of a hateful
Bigoted Neanderthal hypocritical finger pointing lunatics is what they are okay
Nazi best out of those and in her case self-hating bull die go okay with the big Adam's apple. Why would I watch her?
I give up why would you I won't I don't think I'm gonna read the article. What did I say? I read the one
I figured what the hell is even about I did one. I'll see how you feel when the you know when we come back from the break
Oh, there's Chuck Taylor again. What I have
Take the second part of your nap now there's Chuck
Boy, and it's really sad too because he's you know politically he's great
He's a Republican isn't the you know an apologist for the war or for Bush and he comes down on the right side of a lot of issues
But he's got a person that he makes Al Gore look like a Mexican jumping bitch
Now Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scripts by TLC
Dr. Burnham a scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly also known as a buster
Always talking about what he wants just sit on his broke ass
So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine and no. I don't want to meet you nowhere
No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub no scrub is a guy that can't get no love for me
Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend dry trying to hala at me
No scrub. No scrub. No, no
No scrub. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no scrub
No, no, no, no, no, no
Seventeen deal two let's put it on animal. Sure what do you say and then after that will play
That little delay on it
Making a rest it's all by me man. It needs a good rest every now and then
143 a few am gym manager to and then you know what
I
was
When you know what I got to do. That's right. You said you're sending that to me is that gonna be tomorrow?
I'm gonna give it to Baldi to send tomorrow. So good. So I'm not gonna
That's really on the correct evening. Me. All right excellent. Thank you so much hard copy. Thank you, Robert Reaper
If I get lucky at the woodbine Wednesday, man, you're gonna see a big I'm gonna surprise you
Although isn't it about time I think I got to send Josh quarter. So a couple of shackles. I have an eye
All I just saw he said he was good. I'm kidding
You know, he I'm not talking to you. He's in the other room with those headphones on listen to his show
He's gonna be in there so fast. You know, hide your head is gonna be where you're left
High-be-my-curus. He'll never find me. Well, he doesn't need headphones today
We mean by that we have a door open
Yeah, we have no one to see so we're trying to breathe
Oh, you know you tell me he's sitting across the hall where muff used to be
No, no, in the other one is the right one door over
It's candles man. I just put out the scented candles Josh has given me a look like what's that smell?
Or Josh is there he can run he in just like he's anyway. Yeah, just like I knew he would because when you start messing with his money honey
Sunny and ain't too funny. Okay
Don't mess. So I'll take care of me. We've got plus yeah
I mean he coming and telling me that he loves me or what today hey jack nobody's all on deck for that if you that's what you look for
Shout it out shout it out Josh. Open up his mic
Did you hear that?
Houston's here I got a girl here at that. Yeah, I mean if he's looking for a check
Sugar on it. Yeah, little sweeter looking for a check. I really love you
Get out of here go away
Oh my god, it's amazing. There's so much love in the air today. Love is in the air
I don't play that hate that song. It is a horror. Yes, is that Paul McCartney?
No, I was in here just the Beatles. No none of the above
John Lynn no, but I think it's somebody with John get out of here the Beatles love is in here. You're crazy
I got to look at them in the book
One thing I know about you you're always right, but in this case
I'm sure it was like a Paul McCartney. I told it was a John somebody rather who is a John John Paul Young
I know it wasn't here. Go and show slow these days, but it is
By John Paul Young. Well, he must have just like one of the Beatles. You got it. Is this for me? I got it. Well, I'm so sorry. I apologize to the audience for this
So I hate this song too
Oh, you guys talk to him
You could have to talk it up as a DJ at least eight minutes a little bit like a little people
Oh, I don't know the Beatles right?
Yeah, I'm horrible with it. Don't let it go. Don't stop it
I'll stop this
1265 votes on a pool. I'm just getting today. I have no idea what I think it was that whole the fact that I actually got that to work
You know, that's always satisfying when you accomplish
Through a whole bunch of stuff and you have no idea what you're doing. I mean look
I have set up two computers in here. Okay, that I went out well the one I had to reset up
Because I had to replace one and died and then I went out and I got this new the slimline wonder
Did you take my word on that by the way? Did you ever listen to what I told you? It's a great computer
I do take your word on it, but unfortunately
The 7220 and he'll have Packard slimline
I had already bought one and the one that we need to replace this one when that day comes is something that I can move an extra hard drive into and you can't do that with this one
But I'm just telling it takes up almost no space
It's just as fast as grief-slightening and it's easy even more like me can set it up
Pro 66 on a pull by the way we could have made 13 easy or they promote nothing again with that news guy from
headline news is gonna be on with Anderson's pooper tonight
Sins of the father sense
Yeah, well like this is like this is isolated. Okay, you know, and they gave a lick and a smear to that store when it came out a couple of years ago
When we're doing the thing about the child molesting priests and all they were so repentant and we got to make sure it doesn't happen again
And all they did was white wash it shoved it under the rug and they keep shuffling these petal files around from one pair to another
And you people out there use suckers in a Catholic church you keep schlepping there every Sunday and you keep subsidizing this crap
That's the thing that brought my ass
The world's largest closet also known a sorry mr. Donahue also known as the Catholic Church as the priesthood
Oh there he is there's no way to turn I mean they were telling them that I could do as a kid was just for me in quiet and pretend like everything's fine
Everything's normal and I'm sure
We're flying that same exact feeling when going through something like this
How did you get strong enough to tell now and then go through this incredible court case?
It's taken years
Of actually being able to talk about this in therapy, you know started therapy that really helped and they explain to me
It's like your hand in front of your face so close you don't realize it's a hand
And when you start to pull the hand back you can recognize
What that is what this abuse is how this is a crime and for me
That's when I start pulling it back a little bit then you can look and say oh gee. I know what one of those is
You know, I mean what do you mean? I'm not gonna say
266 votes on our pool today one hair color are you most attracted to blonde 328 no preference
I'll take any anything that moves even if it's like like a bowling ball no here. I don't care
Even if it's like a mexican hairless
292
I want to ask you what's the difference between a chihuahua and a mexican hairless
Not the same breed of dog. I don't know
Can I be honest with you if you must
The two things that I miss the most I mean obviously, you know my friends down there whatever it was for a slaughter
But the two things I miss the most you know is my dogs. Mm-hmm. What's wrong with that? That's it. No, I mean there's nothing wrong with that. I'm just telling you
I miss my dogs anyway. We know I'm not that I sit around
She's poor little tiny like somebody's idiots out there on the phone
But it's just you can really attach to a dog, you know dogs good friend
Anyway, no preference. I'll take any even a mexican hairless which I'm sure I don't understand whatever the answer was you made up
293 brown brown hair 190
Right here 176 that yeah, I don't know why that just amazes me. I mean my the only one that's like red a phobic
Although I think it's more or more of a guy thing, you know
Because red-headed guys are usually they have like the real Irish model complexion
It would likely the not freckles, but what do they call those I got this freckles. That's that ginger looked the guy was talking about
Oh the ginger yeah, I wonder if anybody after there's got a dog named ginger
In fact speaking a ginger
Yeah, not only do I miss my dogs, but I certainly miss it all by the way
I have a safe trip to Toronto
Ginger ginger he said yeah ginger Roger. Yeah, I'm safe. I'm still on here making big fat money
While you're pretending to put together us some kind of a fading career moe. I was listening right now you mo
Red 176 black hair like that jet black hair. Oh my god. You could run your fingers through a jet black
169 man
In fact so black that it's almost like shiny. You know what I mean by that like blue
Well not black and blue gun metal blue. Yeah, like that just like that very good
I hate this pool 57 that's only 4.4% of considering what a lame now
We're gonna do a pool on a morning show tomorrow cuz I don't want them to think I'm picking on them
Cuz I get blamed for everybody if they fail
But I haven't really said very much about them
But man that that oblong table and I say but I just it's just I don't know leaves me kind of limp if I can say that
Can I say that Joyce? No
I prefer a bald woman your Brittany. It says 17
I doesn't say yo shine head. I guess nobody likes to shine head even with the hair, huh
Gray 12 what hair color most track to gray here 12
I prefer a bald man 10
An artificial color like blue orange purple green lime chartruce
10 and white seven like our governor our governor
And speaking of the fat about dying your hair like back when I was when the surfer thing was big
You know the beach boy early 60s
And all the college kids used to die are here and we'll come up all these bizarre colors. Usually would like be
Orange like I said
You thought it was gonna turn out blonde but now and it's mostly I see Asian kids that you don't have any Asians and stuff
Florida, but here there's all these Asian guys and they die there here because most Asians have like you know black here
Right and they died and then they're walking around like green and purple and like what what is that? What's that all about?
It's a thing that they do
What is that all about man
1276 on this pool. Yo, what time is it 153?
Not not gonna do it see and that was Chris's decision when Chris said don't go while yo over shooting now
You know for too much is that what you said oh, yeah, so don't
Keep there
153 at Qion
That's
You can
Maybe just train look at all my
Go-level friends that I've got so far
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Oh, the time, everybody dies on mine
You're gonna find it's raining because
you have no life
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely
Even though I may be incredibly homeless
You'll never know it's my reason for nothing but lies
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Five full of mine
You're gonna find it's raining because
you have no life
You're gonna find it's a waste of time
Oh, you're gonna find it's a waste of time
Huh, huh, huh, Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
At It's Party
Trulin' on mine
You're failure
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
Trulin' on mine
You are My-my-my
