mentioned by the way today's the day
she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dark
she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin
while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling reputes and litter from yesterday's hunt
while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark
he looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front
if he has her fun like they she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to bits
and maybe she'd let him rap hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick
and then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter, sky
and then he spread wood cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf
if you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself
yeah you must have a really limited imagination with the same dirty in there
although I don't know why they couldn't say crotch in there you know after all the other in you windows
see there's an difference between double on ton and in you window right am I right?
no well yes for that well we I just made it up I just said that's okay
I'm going to be like Joyce it is really whatever I say this well whatever you know
like bubble would say whatever it is or it was I'll decide what it is
anyway today is that day and people are thinking well what does he mean by that
it's just another damn Thursday in the middle of June hotter than hell
today is the last day of my regular schedule for a long time a long time
one o'clock George will be on one to two in fact get used to the boy a Saudi
George's voice and those of you people have missed all the great nifty
commerce that we every now and then show the good news is they'll be back
right George start sharpening your fingers so send George a lot of drugs okay
because I don't think he'll be needing them all the way through the week after
labor day in September it's already the middle of June that sounds like a three month
almost had us but I'll be out and I did Eric put that on our thing or what
he said he did the other day he did what he says let me take a few
cadet there it is that he what you know never ever doubt Eric nope that fat
so is just the fat people are the good people just ask me and Chris and the
dead people yeah well nothing's perfect man Mondays George live from paradise
Tuesday's neal life from anywhere except the QM studios Wednesday's
John George etc and so on well that's beautiful it's even color coded and the
interesting part is my days are in green in your days on his chart are in pink
she not a cone thank you for your own
haha oh nice work Eric you got that straightened out and I take back what I
said to Chris before the show we again started pretty damn low 520 some
but I worked with 674 votes you'll make the thousand of a boys yeah
no summer you're waking up a little later huh it's summer people get up a
summer what does that mean I never in my life I never heard of anything like
that in my life I have never heard such a thing don't have to go to work right
like that you know what do they don't have to go to work now people are working
the summertime I mean we got teachers and stuff listening to this here's the
schedule for the Sanctuary noon George wanted to mad dog 2 to 4 power hour with
Hank and the mad dog 4 to 5 it's like a real schedule today but it ends at
one o'clock and then of course the dog days of summer humper all by
himself at the dolphin stadium 5 to 6 30 at the stadium no less more
lands on deck 6 30 the marlins got wamped by all the Indians last night did
they not 7 to 3 something like that that's correct their answers kicked but
anyway they'll try to get against the engines at 7 0 5 and game that with
any cave follows marlins baseball this is the last season by the way from
marlins baseball on qm you can bet a lot of money on that it's already been
announced so it's not like I'm letting any cat out of the bag and why would
be the last season for the marlins on qm because we lose in our ass on it
that's why what I would all do respect follows great jock strip strap while
wearing guys it's just one of those things we're losing their ass on because
nobody cares in fact look in the stands next time you go have a game when the
master some other you know the Yankee some New York team isn't playing here
and look around you fake cool gate toothpaste that may contain a poisonous
chemical has been found in four states I was speaking of four there were more
people shot and killed somewhere in Illinois this morning credit WLS but
CNN doesn't feel as important after really I guess they don't have like
the water the weather right now that rain look at all the rain wow including
Florida look at the rain you guys oh my god that's bad yellows and greens and
big blobs wow holy moly right me the weather the rain is in the summer
thunder Charleston South Carolina it's almost underwater so I would be care
by four people getting shot and killed in somewhere somewhere in Illinois
because it's the American FM way anyway like hey it's Thursday good job that's
for fake cool gate toothpaste that may contain a poisonous chemical has been
found in four states cool gate pommah be saying today cool gates to the fake
toothpaste may contain diethylene glycol which the company never uses in its
toothpaste the company said it's working with the FDA to locate the source of
the counterfeit how much anything it's the Chinese I did to the fake toothpaste has
been found disconstruced in New York New Jersey Pennsylvania and Maryland nothing
about Florida though nothing to get all panicky yet yet I used crest myself
thank God for that best by test I'm brushing with crest even smear a little
in my back don't we now and I can't hurt you see that nice fresh you know
minty flavor I don't like mint I use cinnamon really never tried Chris
cinnamon flavor I don't think so but I like cinnamon too so it sounds like a
good idea it's real fruity the fake products aren't manufactured distributed
by cool gate pommah all of them can be identified because they say they are
manufactured in South Africa or have misspellings on the label called got day
baby it's spelled co algae xzq yn or something like that so if you get by some
cool gate it's spelled like a ql rp or something like that probably not the
good not the good stuff right as you go on the weaver she knows where to get the
good stuff products put a wrist by relentless crosscutting is the well I don't
want to go to a whole thing you're good to be pressed then then you get all
panicky and annual start eating pet food and of course we know that's bad and
why should the Chinese not be you know tainting the pet food take a nice
tank good for the pants let me see if we're gotten your 700 on there already
well I've only got three hours today in fact two hours and 52 minutes not that I'm
counting and somewhere out there some old gecky she's going out he cares about
is getting off I'm occasionally yeah getting off on vacation is good but getting
off anytime is not a bad idea sure speaking of that Kurt Rolheim will be doing
that anymore he's dead who was it yesterday that died oh it was uh mr. wizard
Don Herbert oh that was so sad out of sight out of mind I haven't thought about
mr. wizard in a long long time in the Geater's age former UN Secretary General
Kurt Waldheim was elected Austrian president oh that's why we thought of him as a
Nazi he was elected Austrian president despite an international scandal about
his secretive W W 2 military service for the Nazis died today Austrian media
reported he was 88 that's why I thought it was a Nazi because he was I see I
remember those days see this is what happens when time goes by and forget about
all the scandalous hateful people who like you know fake their way through life
like Henry Kissinger for example other Nazi Waldheim was hospitalized in
Vienna last month with a fever-causing infection died of heart failure with
him was in his bedside Waldheim's tenures you in chief from 72 to 82 his
election is present 86 were overshadowed by revelations that he belonged to a
German army unit that committed atrocities in the Balkans during WW2 he was a
freaking Nazi and how he's dead which we say all right while Waldheim himself was
not implicated in wrong doing his initial denial of such service and then
assertions that he and follow Austrians were only doing their duty they were
only following orders that's what they all said were only following orders right
led to international sentiment of the system of Washington to place him on a
watch list of persons for heaven from visiting the US the band was never lifted
watch him he's dangerous of course look who we got now talking about dangerous
present Heinz Fisher issued a statement expressing his deepest condolences and
officials lowered the flag outside his office to have staff a notorious Nazi
informer of Secretary General of the UN Kurt Waldheim is dead 88 let's have a
party I have several reasons to have a party here right now especially since
it's this day Thursday El Catorce de Hunio something I'm quite a linguist
you know quite a linguist 700 votes on today's poll I haven't even gotten the
yesterday's poll but we'll do that we'll take it nice and slow and then we'll
play read a book read a mother's scratch in book about ten times and it'll be
all your turn be all George no tapes this summer by the way if you're out
of jolly to a bell Christ is sick some tapes on I'd say for the citizen's
on fire here's the poll for me yesterday thirteen every two votes who is
Moe overpaid I really take grave except of this who's Moe overpaid big company
CEOs wins hands down five hundred eighty two forty almost forty five percent pro
jock's three fifteen should have been much higher they're making ridiculous
money all you jock strap wearing and stuffing idiots out there that are making
zillions and trillions of dollars way too much to be give me the ball give me
the ball yeah but nevertheless neal 136 over 10 percent
same overpaid like Stan major he's an overpaid talent like that you have a
least I'm working Stan and making some serious money how you do it how's my
money doing actors 91 lawyers seventy five real to sixty six stockporkers
twenty one and rock stars only the ACC 16 out of 1302 and when we decided
that because we like rock stars and you know some of us like some of the jocks
to but that doesn't mean we don't be words and making ridiculous money but
rock stars you know we can do music goes on forever like malice Cooper and
bono another talentless people like that throw without Cooper
sloppy dresser I say oh yeah I know how that works you know who told me
don't don't don't another sloppy dresser with a bad hair piece you come to work
like that and he had the nerve to say that to me while he was fishing for
dingalberry
He's still waiting to come out and cheat tickles their tails.
Oh my God.
Hey.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
Huh?
Twice the big fish should get fired.
How did that down?
Throw it to the head fire.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
The seller puts a hose up when both sticks it
as well who knows who's not going.
Back them.
Shoot them along here.
Then a teaching job at Regis.
Stop destroying our show.
Keep flowing.
Oh.
Twice the big fish should get fired to the floor.
Twice the big fish should get fired to the floor.
How is the hell big?
Keep it high and then flow.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
Wow.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
Oh, man.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
He Stone should flow.
How did that down?
Throw that high and then flow.
That's what I've heard to the grapevine. There's nothing worse than a sour
pus. It's a 1018 to 560 WQA. I'm happy Thursday. Boy, why sound happy or what?
Anyone know why? Because you're called an explanation.
Exstatic. I am delirious. I'm ready to do like a...
What are they called in? Like a pirouette when you dancing on one toe or something?
There is an maneuver. Call it a gait. Yeah.
Oh, woo! 734 votes under this pool. Poor Eric, man. It just dawned on me
when I took so long to get the votes going, Chris.
What's that? Because I... I guess I changed it, right?
Because I came on early from tomorrow. Yeah, no. Because I want to change it at like 10 out of 5.
I've already done. But it didn't have the... didn't have the selections on there?
Yeah, it was all read to go. Oh, it did? Yeah.
Oh. What time was that? Like 10 out of 5, it was already changed when I want to change it.
And it had the choices to vote.
Well, already to go and I voted instead of changing it. I just voted.
Because mine didn't come up with the choices on there.
It said this is... we're working on it.
So I thought because there's so many choices and Eric was dizzling around with it.
You know? Because he's busy at the parliament house up there with his boyfriends.
Down there, up there.
734 votes on here already. We'll make the thousand easy. Maybe by one o'clock.
Wouldn't that put me in a really extra special great mood to leave here?
No, we got the thousand in the bag for Chris.
Which TV did, of course, this is the honor of Father's Day coming up this Sunday.
Now, my father is dead, thank goodness.
Jörg is Father's total life. Yeah, whatever.
I'm gonna dig him up and use his head for a year and he'll take...
Oh, that's bad. Just to say that I got something from him.
Here's a skull. I've got something from my dad. It's called Bad Looks.
Which TV did would you have preferred as your own?
Tony's a prana from the Siprano's. I wonder why in 93?
He's rich. He's rich. He's rich and indulgent.
And because they're getting a lot of press these days, all of a dead, by the way,
for that really horrendous last...
Don't start picking on David Chase again, please.
Oh, wait till us we want to. Maybe you can do that from one to two at big.
I ain't two.
Homer Simpson from the Simpson 74.
I heard a little something about him.
BAMING!
Al Bundy married with children 55.
Gomez Adams from the Adams family, 54.
And I must confess, Gomez Adams...
I don't think that either.
Yeah, what you didn't know.
No, I never knew. To this day I never knew that.
Just like yesterday I never knew there was jealousy when those instead of jealousy.
And then of course we looked at them and find out that in a French.
Jalousy means jealousy anyway. So yeah. Jalousy.
Lousy, a tool man, Taylor from Home Improvement 49.
I mean, are you kidding me or what?
Jed Clampett from the Beverly Hill Belize 49.
Andy Taylor from the Andy Griffithio 36.
Is this a Charlie B pull of Scottaby?
Oh yeah it is.
Because who else would have done the research to know the names of all these people?
Um, most people know most of those names.
Get out of here.
Andy Taylor from the Andy Griffith show.
I hate it.
You weren't Teever from Leave It To Beaver 20.
Well we all knew what we were from Teever.
Sure. Cliff Huxstable from the Cosby Show 23.
Now that's, there ought to be a war based on that.
That's just outrageous.
Oh again he had money so.
24 now. What?
The Huxby Show had money on the show so you had nice designs on the sweater.
So George Jefferson.
How come?
Is he even make it on here?
I thought I saw him on here.
I thought I saw him on there.
Well if you can find it for me, I'm scrolling up and down the old thing right now.
I'm scrolling up and down it.
Just like the old bagpipe.
No, there he is.
George Jefferson, the Jefferson six votes.
Oh he's way down there with six.
Oh there he is.
That's weak.
I think that the Rachel van Cartwright from Bonanza 22.
George voted for him.
That's right.
He was a macho guy and he sold some really untainted dog food.
He was rich.
He had all this.
There's another good Canadian boy for their Lorne Grey's dead though.
He's dead though.
He's dead.
He's dead though.
He's dead.
He's dead though.
He's dead though.
Archie Bunker on the family only 20.
Now the question again is, which TV did would you prefer it as your own?
So even though they loved Archie Bunker,
What about Hermes Ardetti?
No, he was a slumber.
Howard Cunningham from Happy Days 18.
Herman Munster from the Munster's 18.
Howard Cunningham that was Tom Bies.
Tom Bies.
Who would want a father like that?
I'm a diamond.
He would drive me to an early grant.
He was really annoying.
Red Foreman from the 70 show 16.
Boy, is that a bad show or what?
That is.
Sandy Cohen from the OC 15.
Lucas McCain from the Rifleman 13.
Martin Crane rhymes with McCain from Frazier 12.
That's a bad show.
George Jetson from the Jetsons a dozen.
Jim Anderson, father and those best ten.
John Walton from the Walton's 10.
Philip Drummond from different strokes 10.
Dan Conner from Roseanne 10.
Jim from Accoorda Jim 9.
Phil Banks, fresh precipice 8.
Fred Flintstone from the Flintstones 8.
Jason Seaver, this is good if I read the poor result three times it'll be one o'clock.
Jason Seaver from Growing Pains 8.
George Jefferson 6.
Tom Bradford 8 is enough 5.
Ozzy Nelson from the Adventures of Ozzy and Harriet 5.
I wouldn't mind him being dead because then Rick would have been my brother.
A brotherly love, baby.
Mike Brady from the Brady Bunch 5.
George Lopez from the George Lopez show 5.
Frank Costanza 5 from Seinfeld.
Bernie Mac McCullough from the Bernie Mac show 5.
Tom Crabbit from the Courtship of Eddie's Father 4.
That was Bill Bixby, right?
Yes.
Steve Keaton from Family Ties 4.
Ray Barol and for everybody loves Raymond 4.
That is one of the most just awful shows.
Pat Ingalls from Little House on the Prairie, you fairy 2.
Jack Arnold from the Wonder Years 2.
Eric Camden from 7th Heaven 2.
Boy, I like that show.
Hmm.
I'd only like to show it just like some of the people that are on there.
And you would too.
And you do do.
I've never seen an episode of it.
You know some of the people on here on the television.
Yeah, just like to be able to have a giant post forever right here.
I've never seen 30 seconds of that show.
Jessica Beall.
Well, there you go.
Has an appeal.
Yeah.
I like to appeal to a nice show.
In fact, Howard Beall.
I am a mad at you.
But I don't think there's any more.
There's one of the episodes.
There in Stevens from Bewitch 2.
Gerald Tanner from Full House 1.
Carl Winslow from Family Matters.
I was sounder from 67.
He's got the big.
Oh.
He don't have squat.
And I'm sure it deserves at least so.
Speaking of bad daddies.
A federal bankruptcy judge ordered OJ Simpson's daughter today on Tuesday to give a
deposition by the end of the week.
And it will also be about the former football stars canceled book if I did it.
If I had done it.
You done it.
You do it.
A judge already ordered the bankruptcy company owned by Simpson's children to turn over any copies of the book.
In which the former NFL star explains how he might have committed the killings of ex-wife Nicole Brown, Simpson and Ron Goldman.
How he might have dued it.
Simpson who's maintained his innocence was acquitted 95 criminal charges in the death.
Goldman's family wants to rename the book Confessions of a Double Murderer and sell it to collect part of the $33.5 million they won nearly a decade after a civil jury found Simpson liable for Goldman's death.
But the Goldman's case has been snarled and go with canceled depositions other hurdles.
Goldman attorneys are given up trying to depose OJ after he canceled the delay.
At the last minute, two weeks ago, Goldman attorney Paul Batista.
Batista Batista, Fashista, said the Simpson's the fail to comply with court orders including turning over copies of the book.
They simply don't want to play by the rules, Batista.
I've never seen as much contempt of court as I've seen in this case with a deader.
Simpson's oldest daughter, Arnell, is named as the head of Lorraine Brooks Associates, which owns the book's rights.
Learned to the spell with Arnell sounds like a bit to me.
Arnell Simpson's attorney, Kendrick Whittles, said his client does not have copies of the book.
He said Goldman family attorneys were present when a trustee took her deposition and she shouldn't be forced to sit there and explain the life story in front of a camera again.
But U.S. bankruptcy judged AJ Crystal ordered Arnell Simpson and an attorney for her father to give depositions by tomorrow when hearings were supposed to start.
The attorney Leonardo Stark is believed to be holding about $3,500 for Simpson and a client pressed account in Florida where he'd be living in like in Kindle.
How do you like that?
Lorraine Brooks, which struck a deal with Harper Collins, has included an auction for the book's rights filed for bankruptcy after the canceling of the book's rights.
Arnell, such a recognized domain book which would allow to maintain temporary control over it, but Crystal ruled the company should be liquidated.
He decided independent trustee would control it.
It's all a bunch of, you know, slight a hand.
It's like poor old Bob Barker.
Don't forget last show with Bob Barker, he's on the prices of rights.
Any interest?
No.
Huh?
He's going to be putting that big wheel for the last time I showed him. He didn't get caught up in it.
You bastard.
First, Fox, brought you the classiest TV show of the year.
O.J. Simpson, if I did it, here's how it happened.
So then I stabbed her over and over again while I screamed, ah, f***ing stab!
If I can't have you, nobody can!
I mean, that's how I would have done it.
If now Fox follows up that triumph with another significant revealing portrait.
Dick Cheney, if I did it, here's how it happened.
It's all Mr. Cheney.
How would you do it?
It was easy.
I would pretend, oh, you're going to love this.
I would pretend I was just shooting at Quail, and then I would blow that lawyer's face right off.
You owed me money, you know.
Ah, sure, I meant, how did you start the war in Iraq?
Oh, but I killed the president.
I thought you can't finish what your daddy started.
What are you?
A mommy's boy?
But by the way, you're some fake weapons of mass destruction evidence.
I mean, that's how I would have done it.
Dick Cheney, if I did it, here's how it happened.
That's only on Fox.
We'll run anything.
If I do it, it's 1032-516-WDQM.
We got 800-and-some vote on the polar.
I bet your Chris is just a flabbergasted.
I'm so happy.
813.
In fact, I bet you if I click that view current thing, it's a picture of a bunch of currents, 815.
Did we ever discuss that on the air about currents?
I guess we did.
Long time ago.
Yes.
Sure we did.
They're like little red fruit.
And they're very big in Denmark and Copenhagen, currents.
Anyway, if you want to know something about South Florida, I think this story, even though it's just one of those wrecks, it's got a picture of the dump truck that's like spilled over.
Only two lanes in Northbound 9.95, just north of Steyrow 84, were open as.
Rover workers tried to clear a traffic collision that's going to scatter gravel, oil, and diesel fuel across the highway.
That would be a really good pull for you this summer.
What do you like better?
Diesel fuel or diesel bikes?
Dikes.
The 715 A&X in a one-point head only, one lane open turning the morning commute from any South of the Rattians in a way stop and go mess a nightmare.
A freaking nightmare baby.
Traffic was backed up as far as South is, howl and Dale beats Boulevard by about 9.45 this morning, but half an hour ago another lane be open.
Now here's the only reason I'm doing this story.
It waits to hear the names of the participants in this tragic event.
A Kenworth dump truck heading north driven by Jorge Enriquez, blew its front by Tyron Struck in 1988 Chevrolet truck driven by Pablo Rodriguez, according to the FHP.
Now you did not even make a sound even with your mouth.
I just find it's kind of interesting Jorge Enriquez and Pablo Rodriguez.
That's right.
No relations.
That I know of.
Pretty soon there won't be anybody living in South Florida whose last name doesn't end with a Z.
That is the goal.
With AZ.
Is that the goal?
The project is coming along very nicely.
Thank you very much.
I see.
The Chevrolet pulling a small trailer that Jackknife, Carina with right off the guard rail and landed the two right lanes, the dump trucks scraped the guard rail, struck a bridge wall and tipped its loader gravel on the right shoulder of the road.
Said Sergeant Mark Wise Saki.
Oh, I sure like his name.
Spokesman for the FHP.
Oil and diesel leak from the dump trucks damage fuel tank cordily for Lordeville Fire Rescue.
Enriquez 48 of Haya Lea is being treated by our General for serious injuries.
He was wearing a seatbelt.
Enriquez was said to frame you used to do care.
Well, that's not good.
And you're making fun of this thing, but he's got serious injuries.
And he's in Broward, General, which haven't helped him.
Rodriguez 41 for Miami was also wearing a seatbelt.
Was not injured.
The third is a man on the scene to clean up the debris left behind.
That's the sunset of big, big breaking news.
Oh, oh, oh, we're just too dumbed up.
I have that spray for a little bit later on about the woman who blooded to death.
She's a schlepper.
We can't be bothered with her.
That's American health care like Michael Moore says.
And this time will be start tomorrow.
Is it a week from tomorrow?
Sicko.
Tomorrow.
I think a week from tomorrow.
Are you sure?
No, I'm not sure.
I think you're wrong.
Let me just Google sicko and I'm sure it'll tell you.
Coming to a theater near you on Friday, June 15, which looks like tomorrow.
I mean, I could be wrong.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Maybe second or third, I guess.
Like about jealousy.
Second or third time this week.
820 votes on the pool, man.
You've got to, well, look at the thousand by one o'clock easy.
Well, what were you worrying about, Chris?
You're just such a worry-worthy.
Yeah.
Working with me too long.
You get to be worrying.
Or maybe working after that morning show.
How is toast in the rubber creeper doing, by the way?
They are still taking showers with the clearance.
The clearance was awful.
Friendly this one, wasn't it?
Okay.
For me.
Came in and he wished me about four times.
I would say about.
About third, man.
Sometimes wish me a great vacation, have a great time.
And I come back in one piece and we love you.
Kissy, kissy, kissy.
And I said, well, who is the one that really?
Since now that we know for sure, it wasn't Joyce who put the caboch on that bit.
But we are.
And he said, I don't know.
June 29th.
June 29th, but you'll have your copy in the mail by the time you get back from vacation.
June 29th is sicko.
Yes.
Well, what was the other flick I was supposed to have a copy of and I never got?
I don't know.
Oh, come on.
It was something really more important.
They were something good and I never got squat.
I don't mean to squat a little bit, but recently there was something.
I don't remember.
I smoke a lot, you know.
Oh, come on.
Come on, Chris.
What's out now that I was supposed to get a copy of?
That would be really.
Oh, I know what it was.
It's, I don't have any idea.
Okay.
Wasn't Spider-Man 3 was it?
Yeah, that was it.
Okay, I don't have that.
Well, why not?
Because it's not out there yet.
Boy, you're sure I'm going to say your story is not up to me.
I sure hope your story is for weed or dry up his fantasy dance or something.
I don't know.
I don't know if it's out there.
I'll have it.
If it's out, somebody has to put it out.
When it's out, that's what I was trying to put it out.
Put out.
Put out.
829 vote on the pool.
And guess what?
Carl Winslow from Family Matter Stillness have any votes.
I don't even know which show that is.
I know Family Ty.
Family Matters, Family, uh...
Erkle.
Erkle.
Family Feud, Erkle What?
Erkle the Jerkle.
I can't guess that's it.
The Erkle the Jerkle?
If you don't know from Erkle, then you're not going to know anything else about that.
I don't know.
I don't know Family Matters.
Sorry, does it matter?
No.
Not at all.
No, I've never watched it.
We've got the 829 votes and he has got, he has Nerry A1.
Not even Uno.
Robert Cheersvator, really great column.
I'm here and he rips the hell out of a Jew Lieberman.
I think after the break I might have to delve into that.
I mean, I could take, you know, some really artsy, artsy calls today because it is my last day before not only vacation, but the summer schedule begins.
Because even though my vacation, well, I guess I couldn't take it an extra day, couldn't I?
But I'm not going to do it.
If I was smart, I wouldn't take an extra day.
But actually, as it turns out, it works out well because I come back on a Sunday and then I got Monday off because that's the week we start your Tuesday and Thursday video.
This will kind of be a rages.com.
And don't forget to look at wqn.com starting at noon for those half-off gifts and tickets.
We're going to be doing all kinds of different restaurants every week throughout, I guess throughout the summer, isn't it?
I guess, I don't know.
And for however long people are interested in, for however long people want to eat and save some money.
Of course eating and saving money and stuff.
Photo sounds like a, sounds like a winger to me.
I'll be getting Spencer's open to New York, legalizing medicinal marijuana.
That's it. Put a good Jewish boy in there, a good liberal Democrat in and we're going to legalize everything in New York.
Now that's New York State, not to be confused with New York City, which George is very confused about.
Thanks for straightening out.
I don't understand it because having been in New York City, which along the few places you've been to, that's worth a while.
Now you know this is how I know you've been in a lot of different places, but I said that's worth a while.
Right. It used to be worth a while.
I don't, I don't understand how you're so confused, but I guess I didn't go to upstate New York.
I guess you've never been in Udicare or Albany or Spanish.
That's right.
Or at Yonkers, even Yonkers.
People who've never been to either place, they hear new words, or whatever.
New York City, New York City, New York City.
New York City, New York City.
All the reason.
We don't know, we don't care.
Binghamton.
Glemsfalls.
Penianne.
Or Geneva.
You say Fredonia.
Fredonia.
Dunkirk.
The Pew.
Hamburg.
Cheap Trawaga.
Tonawanda.
Leroy.
Or Batavia.
All of these places.
You haven't been any of them yet.
Maybe that's what QAmbul do for you.
You know, they're not going to give you any more money for working extra in the summer, but maybe they'll send you an expense paid trip to Batavia.
One way, I'm sure.
Give you some gambling money for Batavia down.
I'm not really sure if they're still open anymore.
They keep opening and closing.
You know, the buggy horses.
Uh-huh.
Time can you give me off-dalk.
Roll type of sake.
Can't do it, Sally.
Don't call me Sally.
Yeah, yeah!
Hey, ready.
What's up, y'all?
This your boy, D. Mike.
See how you do saws with like hooks and concepts, right?
But food that man's trying to go black and somehow go racist.
Check this out, y'all.
Oh, read a book.
Read a book. Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a month.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
AEAD.
Espio.
CJ Spicy.
Apost weren't very curious about AT&T at IgAs Π Sleeping
This guy is evil.
Oh,eyey, that's scary.
Oh, ohh guys.
We are the ones who are the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the
most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most
beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, their most beautiful, the most beautiful, beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the first beautiful guy on stage, as he changed his deputy as a manager, he was speaking to the staff here and he became a teacher, so we were a nurse, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, of all his students, all the school students, all the students, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, she was born nearly four brothers, her father, her father, her sister was very happy, she was approaching, and welcome to the SMT school and congratulatory experiences, but she invited us with the students, to eat welcomed the lunch box, and fileted mushrooms, outlook for everyone, and where
Way to go, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
baby, baby baby baby baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby like a baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, in a baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby baby, baby, baby baby baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby baby, baby baby, baby baby baby baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby baby baby, baby, baby baby baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby baby, baby, baby baby baby baby, baby, baby baby, baby baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby,
my tongue out.
Manopoli wasn't a game of chance until it became a scratch off lottery ticket.
How did I floor it?
What hell is that?
Up Yonder.
Pasco County.
Where's Pasco County?
On the west coast.
North Fabust.
Oh.
Moeson everything?
Yes.
For Patsy Jean Harris, when he $500 on such a ticket seemed a lucky break, she was scratching
it.
The odds of winning that kind of cash in million dollar Manopoli are one and two hundred
and forty, according to the Florida lottery, and she got it.
It wasn't a million dollar prize, but Harris was fortunate indeed.
That is until somebody snatched the winning ticket from her hand before she could collect
the pot.
Harris, twenty-three of Hudson, both the twenty dollar ticket Tuesday afternoon at the
mobile station in 1940, U.S. 19.
Why do we need the address?
I Pasco County Sheriff's report says she went outside to check the numbers.
A few minutes later, she burst back into the store and accidentally announced she had
one five hundred bucks.
I'll ride.
Harris asked for a store clerk, Shilpa Patel, whether she had enough money or on hand
for an immediate payout.
As Patel confirmed the ticket was a winner, counted bills from her cash drawer.
Another woman came from behind Harris and snatched the ticket out of her hand.
She snatched it.
Harris and a woman wrestled for the ticket and the struggle spilled outside into the parking
lot where a third woman jumped in and started punching the lottery winner in the face.
Oh, woo!
I guess 500 bucks must be a lot of money up there in Holland.
It's a lot down here too.
Another customer, Maison Murray, 30, pulled the first woman off her, but the suspect
later identified as Whitney Flux.
Managed to grab the ticket again proving it was no flux and ran away.
The second suspect who a 30 say his tailor's sime took off running after Flux East and
Miles Fretz Road.
Well, I can just see this scene, can't you?
Oh, yeah.
Like something like a damn Charlie Chaplin movie.
Deputy's quickly learned that a taxi driver picked up the two women and dropped them off
at 4639 Phoenix Avenue.
Deputy's surrounded the house according to our arrest.
Avid Davidson to both suspects came out and were arrested.
At first they did not be involved.
Later admitted the incident to share support says Flux reportedly told the deputy she heard
Harris bragging about the winning lottery ticket.
So Flux whispered a sime she wanted to rob this girl.
Flux also says she did it because she needed the money.
Well, there's two good reasons I guess right there.
She wanted to rob somebody and she needed the money.
It was gland in hand.
Both women told deputies that Flux gave a lot of reticket to Murray who was in acquaintance.
The report indicates that deputy's interviewed Murray, but not whether they asked whether
she had the ticket.
Just whether ticket ended up also wasn't clear.
Harris to cook at a local banner could be reached for comment.
Sounds like a real real Hamish of town.
The mobile surveillance video clearly depicted this incident in the report says outside an
evidence technician collected Flux T-shirt, silver chain, silver ring, all of which he had
lost in the altercation.
Flux 20 of Tarpen Springs in Sime 19 of holiday each face a charge of strong arm robbery.
They were being held at the Lando Lakes jail yesterday with bail set at 10 grand.
The Lando Lakes jail.
Isn't that a kind of butter?
Yeah, the end of the lakes butter.
Huh?
Yep, sure is.
Salted around salted baby.
Salted.
Oh, no, not good.
No, but still.
And for his back.
8.71, where you got 1,000 easy today.
Chris can just sit back now.
What's the deal with the food today?
We're getting karma.
Karma's coming in with the food and Chris got those hand price certificates going on WQM.com
starting at noon.
So I would hop on that thing real fast.
Would you hop on it?
Now speaking of hopping on our pole, I don't think I can say that.
Laurie involved in more sins and other facts.
Now what was the one that he sent the other day that got everybody all we got you have
been out of show?
Oh, that's right.
No, she said I'm right in you right in your wrong.
Right.
I didn't get my men on her shape because we're talking about two different things as usual.
No, we're talking about one thing.
The fact that you don't know New York City from the rest of the other day.
That's what I said.
So we're talking about it.
I don't know.
Well, you don't.
Right.
They don't have egg creams in upstate New York.
Right.
And we don't have whitehots in New York City.
Got it?
Got it.
Still don't have buffalo wings in the pub.
Still don't know.
I guess they probably do.
Nobody knew New York State or city know their names.
And Laurie says good morning uncle, Neil and George.
So she's not holding it against you yet.
I still love it.
Because I was pondering the pool last night trying to choose between Cliff Hustle and Gomez
Adams.
Oh, Laurie.
I realized the extensive list was short of few names.
So here are the additional choices I can recall.
And here's a whole bunch more.
Now do we are you putting these on air?
No.
You're not?
Well, I could.
Well, let me read them.
And by that I can give you some sense.
This is Dan and South Park.
Randy, Stan's Dan and South Park.
Pete Griffin, a family guy.
Tom Corbin in the courtship of Eddie's father is the on air.
I think so.
Yeah.
He's he's on air.
He's got five votes.
Come on, Laurie.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Maxwell Sheffield and Annie.
Oh, the nanny.
Oh, you've paid.
Dr. Alex Stone to down a reach.
Oh, Uncle Bill Davis family affair.
It says actually I was rather partial to Mr. French.
I don't know who any of these people are.
Those shows Fred Sanford from Sanford and Sonah.
He ought to be on there.
When you want the Fred Sanford to be your daddy, at least he had a sense of humor.
Danny Williams make room for daddy that was Danny Thomas.
He's long since dead.
He was lesbian, he's I believe or Syrian or something like that.
As Marlow, she'll take Ricky Ricardo.
I love loosely Lucy and Rob Petri from the Dick Van Dyke show.
Uh, the Dick Van Dyke show in the Murray Taylor Moore show and all of all that crap.
And what's the name used to be under two Rose Marie that all the Dijk from the Hollywood
squares.
When she an old bike.
I don't know.
She was old.
She was out with Dick Van Dyke.
I know that lot of Dijk son at show.
Ricky Ricardo, now we got to put him on there for my love loosely.
You don't want to put him on?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And who's the other one on here that I thought for sure, how Fred Sanford?
Well, you put on it whatever you want.
I mean, you know, give the thing to Chris and he can do every other.
How about if you want on there?
I don't care.
Whatever makes you happy.
Because then if you put them all on there, it'll take me if I start about 1130 reading
the poll result by one o'clock, I'll be done.
And I'll say bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Just like John McLaughlin.
Oh, there's your president.
That we must address all these concerns.
Yeah, address this.
Put a stamp on it and mail it.
876 on the poll.
I could read it.
Let me just do the top of you here, okay?
Because the rest of these are all Homer, which TV dad would you have preferred as your
own?
Homer Simpson from the Simpson's 123.
Even if he was.
Faming.
Tony Ciprano from the Ciprano is dropping down 107.
I guess they saw that bad ending, huh?
The non-ending?
Yeah.
I don't want you bitching about the day that's all summer long.
We'll go ahead.
Well, not all summer, just maybe all summer.
No, all summer.
Everyday.
Al Bundy married with children 63.
So after the top two, it's way down.
I'm only going to read the top few.
Gomez Adams from the Adams family.
60.
Gomez Adams.
What would I get for the fun factor because the Adams family was always doing cookie fun
things.
So what's Gomez have to do with fun?
I'm not missing that.
That means he's the dad that I also there were rich and the kids could do whatever the
hell they wanted and get in all kinds of trouble and it was just.
Tim, the tool man Taylor from home improvement 53, Jed Clampon from the Beverly Hill billy's
53.
That was Barnaby Jones.
That was what's his name?
Resident?
Buddy Epsen.
Buddy Epsen.
Well, what a Yehu man.
Good old buddy Epsen.
Andy Taylor from the 80 degree of 40 and after that word cleaver leave it to be for 32.
And after that nobody's got more than.
About third man.
Smallest them pickings.
That enforcement.
You know, I look at him and I just my stomach starts churning and my ass starts burning
and I just wish we would all be learning.
I wish a lot of people would have been learning but of course I never voted for him.
How about some of you folks?
You vote for this son of a bitch?
That's what I'd like to know.
This butcher, this murderer, this goofest is lunatic because if you did you got blood on
your hands.
I get some comic cleanser right now and go wash until you scrape two layers of skin off.
That's what I would do.
Don't you think they only think they ought to be doing it right now?
Sure.
They ought to be scrubbing it.
They probably are.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is what's right.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
They are.
I never vote for the polls.
The already over a thousand.
I was worried about doing it by one o'clock.
Boy, am I foolish or what?
Yes.
I know it.
Anyways, 11.02 a.
A.
A.
A.
A.
Run.
Run.
Return move.
Going to Burn Kick Yu Young.
Going to Burn Kick Yu Young.
Going to Burn Kick Yu Young.
The
The
Grin and Barrett.
Remember I said Robert Scheer had a great column ripping your Jew Lieberman and asked, well,
here it is.
All right.
President Lieberman, a cautionary tale says Bobby Scheer.
What I found were had won the 2000 presidential election but died in office.
The president, Joe Lieberman, have been worse than George W. Bush.
His recent actions suggest that he could have descended even lower in his illogical and
immoral responses to the tragedy of 9-11.
Although now an independent Lieberman provides a cautionary tale for folks who talk of
backing any Democrat who can win.
At a time when even President Bush has recognized the need for negotiations with Iran in order
to stabilize Iraq, where the cycles of Tehran's isletolas have risen to power, thanks to
the West occupation he frequently supports Lieberman urges war with Iran.
I think we've got to be prepared to take aggressive military action against Iran and to stop
them from killing Americans in Iraq he told CBS on Sunday and to me that would include
a strike over the border into Iran.
He never learns.
This is the Joker who bought the off-made Chalabi line that invading Iraq would result
in a pro-West and pro-Israel democracy with Chalabi who later fairly at 1% of the vote
playing Iraq's George Washington.
For five years before 9-11 Lieberman pushed funding for Chalabi's exile organization
to lead the overthrow of Saddam Hussein.
Lieberman was also a principal author of the 1998 Iraq Liberation Act which threw $100
million in Chalabi's direction.
Even as late as June 2004 when Chalabi was exposed by the U.S. as a spy for Iran, Lieberman
continued to profess admiration for the architect of a policy that replaced the secular
desperate of Iraq with a Shi'at fundamentalist trained in Iran.
I met Dr. Chalabi and others of the Iraq National Congress he said in the speech defending
Chalabi after U.S. intelligence uncovered his contacts with Iranian spies.
It's fair to say I found that in the patriotic Iraqis their council was important, he said.
In fact, Chalabi's council concerning Iraq's WMV program and ties to Al-Qaeda turned
out to be totally fraudulent and is embarrassing to the U.S. as it was convened to Iran's plans
to overthrow Hussein.
And by the way, Professor, I'm leaving at one o'clock so just relax.
Okay, keep your pantaloonies on or not as the case may be.
Lieberman's statement in support of Chalabi came two months after the National Security
Agency reported the Chalabi informed Iranian agents that the U.S. had broken Tehran's
encryption code.
At the time of the revelation, Chalabi traveled freely within Iran where he maintained a
residence.
The Sprite Lieberman's warm endorsement of Chalabi, a person of strength, principal and
real commitment to the Russian administration ended his monthly 340 grand stipend.
Chris will take that, he takes 340 grand a month to be a crook.
Even George might consider that, maybe.
Yeah.
Having fallen for the Iranian plot to gain control over Iraq, Lieberman now seeks to
wonder the damage by invading Iran.
He's apparently unaware of public warnings that key Shi'i leaders and Iraq would take
up arms again and support their core religions against across the border.
Indeed, the Iranian arms being smuggled in the war-acted Lieberman complains about her
going to the Shi'i and militias dominating America's surrogate government and Baghdad.
Bush seems to grasp this reality, which is why the West is down negotiating with the
Iranian ambassador and Baghdad, leaving Lieberman to play the role of a hawkish critic of
administration he apparently feels as lost as enthusiasm for yet another disastrous invasion.
This is a man whom leading Democrats, including Bill Clinton, supported in his primary campaign
against the intelligent Democrat, who sought to end the Iraq nightmare.
But as those any Democrat is better apologised, the liberal likely argue, Lieberman is present
and would have conducted the occupation in a more measured manner, sensitive to civil
unreason other enlightened concerns.
That conceit was also smashed on Monday when Lieberman voted against holding Attorney
General Albert Ergansol as accountable for sabotaging the federal judiciary.
At a time when Ireland's Spector and Sixth Other Republicans voted to advance in no
confidence vote, Lieberman supported the Attorney General who may well be remembered
most for his consistent support of torture.
No surprise there given Lieberman's previous apologies for the administration's assault
on the rule of law, indeed even after the revelations of torture at Abu Gharram.
Lieberman was able to find a bright spot, noting that those who were responsible for killing
3,000 Americans on September 11th never apologised.
Great, so now we're to be comforted by exceeding the standard set by Osama bin Laden.
Lieberman also failed with knowledge and a statement that they perpetrated his 9-11 had
nothing whatsoever to do with Iraq before the invasion.
The same could be said for Iran, but that doesn't quite Lieberman's cry for a wider
war.
Now would you Lieberman, baby?
Humbin Rare.
That's what I say.
That's right.
We want our gag, makes me want our kaka.
Makes me want to start eating steak, humminess, which are strictly for goyem.
Those little triangular ones.
You don't get them anymore, do you?
Nope.
Well, it's where it goes.
Okay, let's see how many votes we got here.
Whether you're alive, isn't just one party and one vacation.
You know, you can't be on vacation all the time.
Why not?
Well, I'm doing that.
I give it to my best shot.
I'm doing the damn best I can under almost impossible circumstances.
And we had a really nice trend there too last time, even though you were out while you
were out.
You were on vacation.
Right.
Seems like everybody there brothers on vacation, I'm still sitting here working to
1 o'clock.
That blows to me.
See, if I was smart, I would have just taken off today and left it in your capable
hands.
And you could have ripped David Chase the whole four hours.
Smart wouldn't have been the worst.
And said, boy, that sure really blows man at the surprise that you were always touting.
You know, right.
At University.
You never paid attention to you.
I watched him in the set at one episode and I said, this is Guido Heaven better.
Guido hell, excuse me.
It's Guido hell.
Here's the poll.
Look at 1,000 this hour.
I'm confident we got 913.
Now Chris, we're building toward a gigantic and enormous number of votes.
Awesome.
Which TV dad, oh, cut the crap.
Which TV dad will you have preferred as your own?
Homer Simpson's, Homer Simpson's, the Simpson's 129.
Wow.
He's in a tight battle with Tony Sopranova, the only reason Tony's doing so well is because
everybody's talking about David Chase and what a jackass he is and how horrible and unacceptable
and grotesque that last episode was.
Is that what you're saying?
Yes.
They just ended like, it would be like me saying, hey, I, right, exactly like that.
Like that.
It'd be like stopping in the stream, baby.
Like going to a restaurant and you're like halfway through your stake, haven't even
touched your potatoes or grotten and they take the plate away from you.
Your potatoes are rotten?
Yeah.
That was rotten.
I can think of some stakes that if I would have quit halfway through, I'd have been ahead
of the game.
But that's beside the point.
We don't want to talk about that.
Because then the one and a whole, where was that?
And then I'll say, right, Chris says I live in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Well, I'm so sorry, Chris.
No, don't be.
He's in a better place than us.
But my friend just called from West Palm Beach.
He said he had a pig report on 95 South Fund at North Lake Boulevard, State Troopers,
Motorcycles, Undercover, Porkers, Too Many To Come.
Please pass it on.
We're getting pig reports in West Palm Beach by way of Charlotte, North Carolina.
Listening on the net and the Bible belt have a great vacation.
Thank you, Chris.
The first person who said, well, I mean, at least on a facts.
I mean, obviously on my face and your face and in my place, I got a couple of my close
personal friends that have a great time in hand today, which I thank them profusely
and guess what, just to make them happy, I will.
Just to prove that I'm not a sour old pus.
Thanks, Kirk.
That's a nice sentiment.
And of course, yeah, we could be taken as Indian phone calls because I know they all
say, oh, have a great vacation.
You know, we're really going to miss you this summer when little Georgia's on it.
And of course, probably fat jolly joy be putting them all up to it anyway.
Can we get back to reading this poll and no more silly facts?
Thanks anyway, Kirk.
A pig report from West Palm Beach by way of Charlotte, North Carolina.
I think we ever had one of those before, did we?
No, we never had one.
And we're making some progress.
Charlotte is a fantastic place with great radio stations, plural.
WBT, great economy, living, breathing people.
WBT, 50,000 watt Charlotte, North Carolina.
10, what is it?
10, I don't know.
10, 50?
Now, 10, 50 is a chunk.
What is WBT?
Look it up.
WBT, Charlotte, North Carolina.
I should know those things.
Once upon a time back when I worked in radio, I knew all of those things, all the big
50,000 watt giants.
And when you look like in a civilized place, which leads to it out, at night time, you
can do all the big 50 K, all of their channel stations.
It's a final test.
Now, 11, 10, AM and 99, 3, FM.
11, 10, that's it.
WBT, Charlotte.
There was a kind of like a university in North Carolina, sports, stuff like that.
Stuff that nobody was interested in, unless you went to the university in North Carolina.
The tar heels, isn't that it?
Chris, the tar heels?
That's correct.
Well, screw them.
And, Bundy married with children, 69.
Gomez, Adams, from the AM.
I think somebody made that up and you're just playing with me.
Because you know, I'm still here.
I've never watched the show.
They were rich.
The kids could do whatever they want.
Gomez, Adams, I'm not, I'm not asking why he got divorced.
I'm just asking that name.
Who the hell knows that name?
Yes, that's Gomez, Adams.
You didn't know he was a spec?
Oh, what?
A spec on that show, Katie.
He was always speaking Spanish to the ASL, the six East Spain.
I don't know.
Gomez, Adams family, 61.
I'm just doing 50 plus.
Nobody who's Tim, the tool man Taylor, home improvement, 55.
And Jed Klanford from the Beverly Hills, billies, 54.
What a grotesque selection that is.
Jed was also rich, but people forget that he didn't share his money with Jethro or any
of his kin.
And his kin, Boga's vote there.
I see.
Well, there you go.
That's what we got so far.
I'm going to have that thousand lickety split if I can, can we still say that?
I'm going to do face, mid-bag manager of WQA and, and one nine boardwalk bitch man,
Jolly Jovell.
Ho ho ho.
How did they know that?
Went by the name of Shooters Jovell back then.
Ho ho.
Why I still have a case of Rolex knock off of my drunk.
Ho ho ho.
Oh, let's get right here calls now, shall we?
Is this Joseph Felicia Mae Bell?
Jovell here?
This is a courtesy call from American Express.
You're a counter six months no liquid.
When can we expect you to make a payment?
What's your question?
The question Mr. Bell is when?
Oh, I got his heart here.
Oh, hello?
Yes, is this Joseph, both seepest Bell?
Jovell here?
Mr. Bell, we're about to foreclose in your house.
Oh, that's me.
For you, what's the meaning of this?
We're from the IRS, give us your belongings and come with us please.
So, eh, what do you win for a chum?
MWY.
MWY.
You won drunk when you managed?
Oh, no no no no no.
I was under the influence that I could.
I'm ruined.
They took everything.
All I have left is my virginity.
A boy gen, eh?
Yeah, a little joke.
Oh, look, I dropped the dollar.
I'll get it.
Hey, what are you, will?
Bitch!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
I said, will.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
And an honor of a fan asked Jolly Jove.
Ain't no fart sounds anymore.
Just a little bit for old times sake.
What do you say?
Just a reminisce.
Ain't no fun sounds like.
Black people, and it wasn't Joyce that put the cabal show.
And I just want the audience to know that, because even though we hate her like boys,
and in which we're an evil wicked death, nevertheless, we can't put the...
We can't lay that one on her fat ass, can we?
Somebody in the corporate, I guess, decided, oh, Joyce is going to get all of the men out of shape about that,
and probably Sue us.
We better make sure he don't play that crap again, or something like that.
Or maybe a fat ass Jolly Jove just made it up.
It's possible?
No.
It is not possible.
Do you think he could make a decision like that?
Well, why don't you say that nobody in this building made that decision, remember?
That is correct.
That was his non-answer to my question.
Well, who was it then?
Well, it wasn't anybody in this building.
Like that.
He started to do the same thing as Jolly Jove now.
He's doing that same...
Like Sandy Claus.
Maybe Claus is like a Jewish Sandy Claus.
Maybe he can show up on Chinooka time and come down to chimney.
And hopefully there will be a big fire in a fireplace when he does.
935 on that pole, that's really nice.
Oh, and look at this.
Did you see the new pole?
Bush is down to about 2%.
As President Bush intends to revive the controversial immigration reform bill he supports,
the latest NBC News Wall Street Journal poll finds that Republicans are abandoning the president
which has dropped his job of appropriating below 30%.
About 30, man.
The lowest mark ever in this survey.
To which we say, it's about freaking time.
But he isn't the only one who's in decline and the poll Congress is appropriating his plummeted eight points,
bringing it even below bushes.
The public is disgusted and fed up, as well as getting it with these mums or bastards.
And just one in five believe the country's on the right track which is the lowest number on this question nearly 15 freaking years.
Republican poster Neil Newhouse, who conducted the survey with Democratic poster Peter D. Hart,
argues that these numbers have crossed well below the political Mendoza line referring to the feeble 200 batting average market baseball.
The Mendoza line named after Mario Mendoza, you know who he was, Chris, he played short stuff for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Okay.
But I know my crap or what?
What?
I know my crap is what I said, Mr. what you know about Mario Mendoza, I could shove in a symbol of have room for a fat boy.
Who?
With the mood of the country dropping below 20 in the presence of approval below 30, both are candidates for sort of a political Mendoza line, they be saying.
In the polls, the approval rating is at just 29% that's dropped at six points since April and represents his lowest mark ever in this question in the NBC journal poll.
Democratic poster Jay Campbell, who works with hard attributes, this decline to Republicans back in April 75% of Republicans approved a Bush's job performance.
How very sad, how very stubborn, how pathetic compared with only 21% of disapproved now, only 62% of Republicans approved 32% disapproved.
They say he bad, he'd be bad, baby, he'd be real bad and you're right, he'd be bad.
This drop comes as Bush tries to reassess and hit the comprehensive immigration reform bill of the US Senate, which basically says, hey, all come on in now, we need that.
Our good friends, a big business need that cheap way.
That's right.
We'll give you like a green card, yellow card, American Express card, whatever you need.
57 Chevy.
And if you promise to vote for Republicans, we'll give you like a voting card too.
The immigration bill has angered many Americans, especially conservatives, because they believe it's provision is lying for a path to citizenship for the legal immigrants amounts to amnesty.
Bush and other supporters of legislation dispute that charge, because there are a bunch of liars.
This is a highly emotional issue, Bush said the legislation office, and he didn't want to go on read about his craft.
Nobody wants, nobody wants to hear that.
Turning to the 2008 presidential election, Hillary Clinton is widening her lead in the contest for the Democratic nomination, which is very, very sad.
And Fred Thompson, the former Tennessee GOP Senator, who's established a testing in the Waters Presidential Committee, comes in a surprising second.
And you want to know why?
Because he was on television, dummy, just like Howard Beale.
In the Democratic race, Clinton's got a 14-poit lead over Barack Obama, 39 to 25%.
And that's because the Democrats have a death wish. They couldn't go, well, whatever.
They're followed by former North Carolina Senator John Edwards with the snappy haircut of 15%, no other Democratic candidate registers more than 4%.
In April, she had just a five-point lead over Obama, and 3631 out 3925. That is not good.
It appears that Obama's not able to follow up his initial surge with a second acts as new house to GOP pollster, being an exciting and inspirational choice to the Democrats seems not enough to overcome Hillary's experience and credentials.
And the fact her last name is Clinton, that's the whole thing she's got going. Her last name is Bubba.
Hillary's latest certainly strengthened candlelabs is the right now people seem to think she is the direction they want to go in.
Oh, fat.
I'd run the other way faster, and you can say, Jan or Reno's dravenant pickup truck right at me.
In the GOP field, former New York City Mayor, Rudy Giuliani leads the pack with 29. Fred Thompson is second with 20%, and Massachusetts governor, the far-bicimate Romney and John McCain tied at 3rd, 14 points each.
The top two Democrats, though, seem to have an upper-handed potential matchups against the two Republicans.
Court of this latest poll, Clinton leads Giuliani 40, 48, 43. And Obama tops Thompson 50 to 31. 50 to 31.
In fact, Obama beats him all. That's the thing that doesn't make any sense to me. He does the best against the Republicans in every one of these polls, and yet she's leading his race by, I mean, come on.
Uh-huh, the fix is in. Democratic death wish.
They don't want to run him. He might win.
Are you suggesting we have fixed elections in America? I would say that you are...
Absolutely correct, sir.
Out of line, Mr. Next year you're going to be ripping David Chase for that swirly put on HBO given night.
Thank God I didn't want to kick him so hard.
Would you? Yeah.
I bet you'd have to get through a long line. Oh yeah, I'll wait in line.
What's a baby, Dan? Would you have preferred zero? And that's our poll question today.
Don't forget it, no, we do that at WDQM.com thing.
I just thought I would mention it with a 50% off at the... what's the first one, karma?
Is that in a zero?
Is the food coming in yet or what's the deal? No, new niche, we expect it.
New niche? Yes.
Peter new niche?
If you must.
Remember Peter new niche in the Hermann's Hermann's Hermann's Mrs. Brown. You've got Mrs. Lovely. You've got a brown daughter.
Home or Simpson from the Simpsons is kicking ass baby, he's got 130.
How come I never played those Simpson droppings? I just played them. I don't know.
Oh, it's a funny one.
I was born in the 80s.
Kills mulling up to the big ladies boy.
He prefers a company of men.
Who doesn't feel it stupid? I know I am.
Me too.
Doctor.
Peter new. They said he never took a bath and he looked like it. He was cute but he never bathed.
He's not held with a dog, he's not a good family.
Anything in those smells of the video.
I'll try a bath, I'm not a good family.
Guys.
Oh yeah, I can talk about baby with a bath.
I can't hit the pole.
With the most.
Anyway, here's the end.
You can let go. Go ahead.
What?
One of my parties?
That's kind of...
All over the world.
Tonight all over the world.
You can hear them.
He's cute.
He's cute but he smells real bad.
He never bathed.
He was screwing his brains out.
Anything with a skirt on, man.
Even if it was a guy with a skirt on, he was just out of control.
That was Peter Noon.
So they said, I mean, I don't know these things, you know, firsthand.
Second hand.
Second hand rose.
Is that all you got Herman's, Herman?
Are you kidding me?
You got more?
Sure, I know it all.
No more today.
No more today.
I don't think I had that.
You got that coming from his, is it?
Dandy.
Where are you going to go now?
Yeah, talk about a dandy baby.
So you're going to run to...
All your little lives.
Maybe you got no milk to it.
I mean, we got that, the no milk.
Don't we have no milk today?
What a waste of your sugar.
I know.
No, something.
What is...
The milk today was someone else's.
I'm ready.
No milk today was not someone else's.
You're saying that Herman's in the middle of me.
Oh, this is the V-neck.
Well, I don't have it.
I'll have to go find it.
You're telling me that Herman's Hermes didn't do no milk today.
I will bet you, or just think of...
It's a billion dollars against a dime.
No, no, I'm not arguing with that.
It just didn't come up, so I'll have to go get it.
Wow.
I bet you've listened to it a lot.
Probably several meals would come up.
Probably.
We'll find out.
Let's take a look and see if we're going to make that thousand this hour.
That would be a real feather in Chris's ass.
948.
Go go with that Indian headrest too, by the way.
That's a movie.
She's got the lowest ratings on the evening news.
He will make it three runs up, he'll hot she's loose.
See me as executive as they're feeling instead.
Nobody is watching Katie correct.
There are rumors that she's a crew member in the back.
But she can't be happy because she's waiting in the back.
But she wants to pass her head in with a prick.
Nobody is watching Katie correct.
He can't be happy, I will know.
Found him down the pesto and the ptoh.
But she wants to see me as a suspicious show.
Cause I see me as she's getting out from the low.
Turns back, perfect, that's better numbers on the day.
Nobody is watching Katie correct.
Katie on your lady Katie.
Future Katie Katie on your lady Katie.
Nobody is watching Katie correct.
But you want it for people watching.
She called66 !
She called66 !
She's見ていないです.
See me!
She give all of the crew diarrhea and deleting the worst.
No kidding, no kidding, no kidding...
Oh
Watch out for the sun ending now
Just like the sopranos way down
Like that yeah, maybe that'll be the new deal not don't you can't you imagine it gonna be because it's always monkey see monkey
Do it is nobody with original idea monkey do that's right that's what it's smell like I guess the amazing sopranos people are like
Keeping and hurling all around the continent
Because the David Chase pissed him off well too bad that's double teaching you hooked on a Guido thing and that's right
I'm not picking on Guido stuff. I know give me a two pounds of provolone and have about a cap of ghoul
Oh, you know
I'm not gonna tell you man one thing about when you go to Italy, Georgia will discover nobody says cap of cool and I got a
There you go. Oh, he talks Guido and in Italy. All right. They're like real Italian. I'm going to leave him right now as a matter of fact
That would just want a clock rap no no slacker now speaking
Oh
That's all he cares about is when is this show and in what is vacation start and when is he get that big check now you're now you're talking granny now you got it now you finally got your finger when it honey
Get it out of there please
Okay, what do we got on a pool Chris 960? I'm a 950 WBBF and Rochester home of the busy bees
How many times have I mentioned that about 50,000?
See when you're on the air for a hundred years, you know, you repeat a lot of stuff
But the good part of it is most of the rest of the folks out there forgot about it already
Jo Dean and Mort what was the guy's name on that station?
I was gonna say Mort and us bomb. I mean anybody using a name like that on there Mort and us bomb. I don't think so
That's too Jewish
Jo Dean was on there though on WBBF the home of the busy bees in Rochester, New York 950 on the dial pretty crappy station
Anyway speaking of Katie who trained abandoned can I do this or even like a start?
I don't know how I mean now you're gonna start messing with my emotions now that you know
I've only got an hour and 26 minutes until I get on here going vacation
I mean not that I'm counting you understand right
I could actually I could get the digital clock on there and do seconds to if that would make you happy
But I don't want to start with that yet. Although when will that please?
You may hear me article 1135-05
What?
An hour 24 minutes and 50 seconds of counting when asked about his view this is
Katrina band in hovel oh no no today
Is that that's on it?
That's a rip off
Everyone's going away
As you can tell the news gay what?
Can I read this article by Katara and hovel from the nation?
This is a serious article in your podcasting around with a Herman's vermin for Christ's sake
Jesus God Almighty it's gonna be a long summer for some not for this girl. I'll tell you that
When asked about his view of CBS evening news during a radio interview with MSNBC Chuck Scarborough on Monday
Dan Rather said never executive is it tried to boost ratings by dumbing it down and tarting it up
At a boy Dan you go stick it to him Danny boy
The media firestorm that's followed those illustrates the very point the larger point rather is consistently
Try to make about the degradation of the mainstream
Corporate news biz and the obliteration of the line between news and entertainment
Watch as CBS dances deflects and dodges development and valuable criticism levied by Rather and plenty of other media watch dogs
Less moon best CBS CEO called Rathers remarks sexist and said let's give Katie a break. Yeah, let's break her neck
But it's got nothing to do with Katie Kourkner doesn't really have anything to do with the messenger rather
Who's colorful native Texans speak has got him into hot water in the past?
Mushrooms it did for late former governor and Richards. It's about the message
Rathers predecessor at CBS water Cronkite no fan of Rather himself offered a similar take in a recent keynote address
That was his take a coin to 8 p Cronkite suggested that the pressure for profits is threatening the very freedom the nation was built upon
It's not just the journalist job of the risk here Cronkite said it's American democracy. It's freedom
Freedom, baby. You can't even fart anymore. There's no freedom is what it's all about. Am I right? Right? Can't even fart
Farts sounds anymore
Freedom is something out of the past. It's it's a fig newt of your imagination, baby. It don't exist no more
And in a recent New York Times op at FCC commissioner Michael cops warned of pressure from media conglomerates that has made licensing renewals for the free use of the public airways
They're virtual rubber stamp every eight years
He can trust this with a past when every three years the requirement that never serve the public interest was given a hard look prior to the regulatory
Mania of the 80s
As for Rather in the last four years. He's been a consistent critic of the corporate median his own role in it
He's self-critical enough unlike so many others to know that he weaved and wavered in the run up to the Iraq Wars
He told Bill Moir's I don't think there's any excuse for you know my performance and the performance of the press in general in the
Roll up to the where there were exceptions there were some people
I think that a better job than other others
But overall and in the main there's no question that we didn't do a good job
We weren't smart enough. We weren't alert enough
We didn't think enough and we shouldn't have been fooled in this way Danny Boyz said
Rather is also described the culture of fear that permeates the newsroom
In an interview with BBC he said it's an obscene comparison. You know, I'm not sure you're I like it
But you know there was a time in South Africa that people would put flaming tires around people's necks if they descended
And in some way the fear is that you'll be necklace tear you'll have a flaming tire of lack of patriotism put around your neck
A flaming
Faming now it is the fear that keeps journalists from asking the toughest of the tough questions and to continue to boring on the tough question so often
And again, I'm humbled to say I don't accept myself from this criticism Danny Boyz said and speaking to Moir as he said
Fear is in every newsroom in his country and fear of what well a combination of if you don't get along
If you don't go along to get along you're going to get the reputation of being a troublemaker
There's also the fear especially in networks. They become huge international conglomerates
They have big needs legislative needs
Repertory needs in Washington nobody's got to send you a memo to tell you that's the case
And it puts a seed in your mind of well if you stick your neck out if you take the risk of going against the green with your reporting
Is anybody gonna back you up?
Recently NBC News Let Us evening news program with two and a half minutes on Paris Hilton coverage of an Nicole Smith talk to Rack War coverage on the networks night after night
There's no question that the network news programs have become cogs and a conglomerate machine where news is a profit center
We desperately need a news media that raises the tough questions acts as watchdogs of the public interest
Questions authority performs the basic duties required of a free press and democracy a flawed media leads to a flawed democracy
And in these past six or so years with some notable exceptions
The media has been too easily intimidated by an administration that used fear to make its case for the war labeled its critics on American
Quashed to set perverted the meaning of patriotism and brazenly on all fronts subverted the Constitution
As long time Washington White House course found in Helen Thomas wrote in the nation
Reporters lapped up everything the Pentagon of the White House could dish out no questions asked
No punches pood
So now when Dan Radar talks about dummy down news in order to turn it up
It ain't about Dan it ain't about Katie. It's about consolidation
Conglomeration and the impact on the fourth of state in our democracy says
Katrina vanden hovel in the nation
And I can actually say the nation and it doesn't sound like I'm talking much out of my mouth like
George W a wonderful nation
Do you know in way he says like he says everything like he's trying to articulate even though he's in articulate follow
I'm saying how can you be articulate when you're in articulate?
Don't make no sense to this old queen
975 on a pool by the end of this hour. We're gonna have a thousand and we all sit back and just take a deep breath
You dredge back in
I just saw a big sign at the side of the road
It's at the price for gallon is
I got it that you be that's as big as a whale and I can't believe the gas is four bucks
I got me a armor and the mileage is from me so pony up some more of your gasoline money
yeah
four four
He
And you believe that?
Why can't it scream and swear and end a crime?
I may have to say because I can't afford buying the four bucks.
It's crazy.
But the four bucks is crazy, but everybody's ever paying for paying.
Paying for paying.
And four bucks, and four bucks.
Thank you Mr. President for his really low-sweet gas prices.
Thank you so much for all the dead people and all the blood and all the hatred around the world.
For America and all of these things.
All of these things.
One of these things of which we could have never dreamed.
Back when you were busy with your associates stealing out one but two elections.
Nice work.
1146, 14 you'll know in the QAM.
How many votes we got for is 93?
Did I see that?
93.
Well, I'm telling you what a memory, huh?
In fact, what I think I'm going to do is I'm going to go down the entire list just from memory.
96.
I'll get as far as Tony soprano.
Yeah, I got what's his name?
Homer Simpson.
Homer Simpson.
Governor Elliott Spitzer of New York and a reversal of a campaign position said yesterday he could support legislation legalizing the use of marijuana for certain medicinal purposes.
They're going to throw his ass in a who's gal, baby.
He better watch himself.
The governor's position comes as lawmakers stepped up a portion of the final treasonry 2007 session for New York to join 12 other states in La Marijuana for those suffering from cancer, multiple sclerosis and other painful conditions.
In the debate last summer, Spitzer said he opposed medical marijuana.
Now he said he's open to the idea of being swayed by advocates in the past couple of months.
On many issues, hopefully you learn, you study, you evolve.
This is one where I had as a prosecutor a presumption against the use of any narcotic which wasn't designed purely for medicinal and medical effect.
And now there are ways that persuaded me.
It can be done properly.
The governor told reporters he seen the light.
He spoke to Big Fat One maybe.
In 2005, lawmakers were close to a measure legalizing medicinal medical marijuana but dropped the effort after a US Supreme Court ruling said that the federal government could prosecute cases against those using marijuana states that had legalized its use.
But after a federal official signal, no desire to prosecute individual patients using marijuana, a slowly growing number of states has begun moving ahead again to prevent the drug to be used in tightly controlled circumstances.
There's nothing worse than a tight circumcise.
Advocates to include groups representing physicians, nurses and hospices like in medicine, medicinal marijuana, to morphine and other drugs that use the treat pain.
But otherwise illegal on the streets.
Morphine, baby, that's what you need when you work at QAM. Morphine, get the needle, Watson.
Do you think we could use that every morning or on 9.45?
Some morphine? Love some. Got some?
A measure pending in the assembly would permit the drugs used for life-threatening illnesses and diseases which could include everything from cancer and AIDS to hepatitis C.
Any other conditions designated by the State Health Commissioner, a provisionary spitzer administration insisted on.
I got hepatitis C.
You're going to start messing around with the people with disease now.
You're going to start making light of people with hepatitis, huh?
Sure, sure.
Why not, like pain, stank and there's an Lee hepatitis?
I forgot that what's your name?
Perish Hilton's got the chirpies in the body.
Like a ass.
Pam's a pus-dripping whore.
What the hell, she got to do well. She got chirpies too, Pam.
She got something.
But she's Canadian, she's Canadian.
Yeah.
We give her a free pass.
She's probably passing something.
I know.
987 on a pull.
But I tell you one thing, they're trying to make a liar out of me.
I thought for sure we'd have the 1000 by noon.
Not that that makes any difference.
But all of a sudden maybe Eric is breaking it again.
You think Chris?
Probably.
You can probably get a smelt at Bernie Rubberman.
He's breaking it big time.
Get your foot off the pedal, Eric.
Although nice job he did their unethication thing on the O'Rodgers.com.
And coming up to noon, which means the 50% off on those certificates is coming up to WNVDQM.com.
I should mention that.
So that definitely will be real nice.
Maybe bring you guys some food.
In fact, karma sending in lunch for you guys today is what I'm hearing through the read.
I read it.
I can't wait.
It'll be really nice.
Which TV Dad will you have preferred as you are?
I guess I'll read the whole thing now.
And then the whole list again just before one.
And then that's all the time we got.
See, there he goes again.
He's just, oh, it's disgusting.
Just like that poor yesterday, with 123 people saying I'm making too much money.
Too bad, jealous.
I've got the entire universe to support.
Okay, I can't take no pay cut to make some of you jealous people happy.
Homer Simpson, they would rather have his their favorite dad from the Simpson's 132.
Tony Suprano, 116.
In spite of that grotesque unacceptable ending in the last episode.
Al Bundy married with children 75, 10-the-tool man, Tate or home improvement 63.
Gomez Adams from the Adams family, 62.
I don't know, I keep reading that.
Each time I read it, it's just because I didn't know where he really wants to show.
You know, Jackie Cougan was in it.
Right.
And that bald guy was the Jackie Cougan.
That was Jackie Cougan, Uncle Pastor.
Pastor?
Yeah, it was cute.
It was not funny.
Sounds like a goi issue family to me.
Jet cramp at the Beverly Hill Belize 58.
Those were definitely all goyem.
Andy Taylor, the Andy Griffiths 048.
Ward Cleaver, leave it to be for 38.
Fifth, Hustleble from the Awful, Cosby Show 32.
What is it about Bill Cosby?
I give it.
He was okay in Street, San Francisco, as in the show he was on.
He was one of his long time ago.
It was an ice fire with Robert Cump.
Am I right?
That Albert in the Cosby, because it was funny and he had some stand-up that was funny.
But then, at all.
Then it was Joe, I think when he started to go down hill as Joe was putting spots, there's no question.
That was the end of Bill Cosby as we knew him.
Then Cartwright from Bonanza 29.
Are they all dead?
Is there anybody still alive from that crew?
Nothing I know.
Hustle's dead.
Pronell Roberts's dead.
Michael Landon is long dead.
Even, he turned Jewish didn't help.
Ben Cartwright's got 30.
Herman Munster from the Munster's 26.
Archie Bunker 24.
Howard Cunningham from Happy Days 23.
Red Foreman from that 70-show 18.
Sandy Cohen from the O.C. 17.
Sandy Cohen.
There's a Jewish daddy on TV.
I don't believe that.
Marty's brother.
Marty Cohen.
Yes, you are.
Who got on?
Martin Crane from Fraser 17.
Yes, I am.
Steve Douglas, my three sons 15.
Oh, yeah.
If he would have been my daddy, Robbie would have been my brother.
Oh, boy.
I'd be in jail right now.
Oh, wow.
What a thought that is.
See, that's me.
Everything always comes back to that.
The old fag.
That's all you know from, man.
His lust.
John Walton from the Walton's 14.
I never lusted for John Boy.
I'll say that.
Maybe it was that big lumpy.
I didn't say it was a, what's that?
Melanoma.
What's that, John Boy?
George Jetson from the Jetsons 14.
Fred Flintstone 14.
Lucas McCain from the rifleman 12.
13.
Whatever he's got.
Dan Connor from Rosanne 13.
Now who now would watch that?
Philip Drummond from different strokes 12.
Jim, according to Jim 11.
Jim Anderson, father knows best 10.
Well, what a, what a coma inducing show that was.
All the characters were like on doggy downers.
Phil Banks, fresh principal, Eric Knight.
Who else was like that?
Ozzy on Ozzy and Harry.
He was just like that.
Like, whatever got excited, never got angry, never got worked up.
Well, always, always was in that very low, in like that.
He was feeling mighty low.
Steve Keaton from Family Ties 8.
George Jefferson 8.
He should have a lot more than that.
At least we'd have a few laughs.
Think that's the best.
Frank just stands there from Steinfeld 8.
Bernie McMacColor from the Bernie Mac Show 7.
Tom Bradford from 8.
There's enough 6.
That was a show with Willie Ames, I bet.
See, that's all I know.
Mm-hmm.
Ozzy and Nelson, Adventures of Ozzy and Harry.
That was the one with Ricky Nelson.
Mike Brady, the Brady Bunch 6.
Jason Seever, Growing Pain 6.
I'm not going to read all of our studies.
Why are you letting me continue with this list?
There's 400,000 on here.
The good news is that what's his name finally got one?
Carl Winslow, Family Matters.
He finally got one.
It's not a good one, but he's got one.
And no votes for Dr. Alex Stone from the Downer Reed Show.
Pat Peterson was on it.
Sure, wasn't there a see on this other one?
I don't know.
Danny Williams from Make Room for Daddy None.
That's because they don't like the lesbianies.
Rob Petrie from the Dick Van Dyche Show, thank God, has got none.
And Bill Davis from Family Affair None.
Bill Davis, who's a great driver at Fraser Downs, by the way.
Out on the west coast of Canada.
Billy D.
8.991.
He had nine votes in seven minutes to get to the thousands
by the new now.
When in the little hand it's the big hand Chris, then we will respect you.
If you can't get it before noon, you know, no big deal.
No great shakes.
Do you realize I've only got an hour?
Must be an hour.
I realize what?
Must be nice one.
You got an hour and then you've gone for a week.
Going what?
Going fishing?
I don't know what you're doing.
He's got a bucket of worms and he's going fishing.
Yeah.
The only bird gets the worm, maybe that's what I heard.
The only bird gets the worm.
And the worm is turning.
Trust me when I tell you.
You're going to have to keep me in touch with what's going on.
What's going on with the what?
I don't know.
That was my point.
As in, nothing is going on.
No, it's going to be the same.
It's going to be good stuff, you know.
Really good stuff.
And maybe, maybe, of Fad Jolly Joking,
you can give my phone number out to some other people there who can call me while I'm on vacation.
You can give my hotel number out.
What'll get out of the air and just have people call you with that.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Let's give my hotel number out over the air.
People can call say, hey, how's it going over there?
And you don't have a good time enjoying that great food in Amsterdam and not that Dan square or something like that?
What do you got here, Chris?
Oh, 998, you're going to do it.
You can do it.
Dan Schueller.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-door now or whatever it is.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, ready.
Where's all of y'all?
This your boy, D. Mike.
See how you do songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
But for me, that man, I'm trying to go flat them.
Some of the boxes.
Check this out, y'all.
Ah, read a book, read a book, read a month.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a month.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read
a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S-B-O-K-D-S
Your body needs more, so drink that, so drink that!
There's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there's a beat, there
recommend her, recommend her! Try that, play that, play that, play
like this. I would have thought there were a lot more mothers on TV than than
daddy's you know. A lot of mothers on TV. But you got 10 to 11 on there. That's
good. That's 12.03. That means 57 minutes and counting every minute every
second like that. Isn't that how you are when you're gonna go on vacation? No,
you had a bet. I'm sure you went to the last week when you were on vacation
tremendously. Sure. And look how fast it went by. It flew by. Is this flew on by?
Like like that. Like like a fart. I'm sorry. What? Like a fart
Joyce. Like a big fat nasty smelly fart sounds anymore. You got to
bet I got that down to a science man right here with him. Like before but we
can't find out who it was to put the device to that. But when we do find out
we're gonna like a pillory them. We're gonna Hillary them and then we're gonna
pillory them. When Efrain Hammond returns home from a day working
construction near Arizona's border with Utah he's greeted by his wife Cheryl
Lynn and then by his wife Leah. All right. Polygamy want what you haven't seen
either one of them yet. So I'm gonna get to it. I'm it. Polygamy once hidden in
the shadows of Utah and Arizona is breaking into the open as fundamentalist
Mormons pushed it. He criminalized it on religious grounds while at the same
time stamping out abuses such as fourth marriages of underage brides which
of course is what it used to be. We see no shows on TV. We see that. Just
number excuse to be a bang in the year of 12 and 13 year old girl. That's right.
They grow in confidence in polygamist and their willingness to go public
came in an awkward moment for mainstream Mormons who were now in the spotlight as
Republican Mitt Romney a prominent Mormon seeks the US presidency. Talk about a
wafer man. He is over here and then he's over there even more couldn't keep
track of him. He's all over the place. The Salt Lake City Utah based church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints or Mormon Church. I wonder if he wears that
special underwear that magic underwear is it specialers of magic both. Introduce
polygamy before the Civil War of Abandoned until 1890 when the Federal
government threatened to deny Utah's statehood well that would have been a good
move that would have been an excellent choice. Just cut it out with like a
scissors and toss it in the Pacific. It would take a good heap you know. Here's
some of them. So the Olympic heavers to Heavon. You ever see people in your
Olympics heaven it? Sure. Today about 40,000 fundamentalist Mormons in Utah
nearby states live polygamy illegally. Romney whose great-grandfather had five
wives and whose great-great-grandfather had a dozen. Boy he must have been a
busy boy. Has dismissed the practice as bizarre a comment that a few
rates him and whose father and grandfather practice plural marriage. If it was for
me I wouldn't apologize for my past. My ancestors did what they did I can't help
that time and said they used 36 legally married Cheryl in 32 in 1994 and was
joined with Leah 21 a decade later as his celestial bride and a religious
ceremony that has no legal binding. It has no legal binding. Right. Leah bristles
at the idea of women being forced into polygamy the women in this society are
educated she be saying her husband likened the struggle for acceptance with a
civil rights movement. It's like the work Martin Luther King did in relation with
African-Americans. He said holding one year old Ava one of his eight
children in the living room of his three-story home in Centennial Park a dry
dusty Arizona town run by polygamy near the Utah border Centennial Park.
Excommunicated by the church they see themselves as true believers in
Mormonism as practiced by founder Joseph Smith from Palmyra New York. Well I
tell you one thing there's a place you don't want to visit. I've never been
there but I can only imagine Palmyra. I mean I know El Maira. Yeah but Palmyra
they had the magic tablets and then it's really unfortunate that they weren't
like birth control pills that would have been a big improvement. Historians say
Smith are at least two thousand wives some of them before 1843 the year he
announced a revelation from God saying polygamy was a crucial key to entering
the kingdom of heaven. It's called like the Tom Brady religion and pregnant
every chicken find although at least he's picking the good ones. I don't think
the revelation that Joseph Smith received came from Christ at John Lowell and
Tart Salt Lake County for Eastman who once practiced polygamy but now campaigns
against it. I think he came from his why male chromosome.
How do you like that? He came from his chromosome. Lowell and author several books
on polygamy said the mainstream church could do more to stop it. It's Woodruff
Manifesto which banned polygamy. Never revoked Smith's revelation on plural
marriage which remains in session 132 of the Dockland and Covenant's a Mormon
book of scriptures. Everybody's got their Bible baby. The good book says
this. The good book says it's just amazing to me. Good God. Read a book. Read a
book. You know that's the way they keep reading the wrong book. That's the
problem. Book. Yeah. Alright well bleep that book. We believe in this
continuing flow revelation and Scott's right to authorize and deauthorize. Oh
listen to these people speaking crap to turn it on or turn it off. Said Elder
D. Todd Christen Christophers. I guess that's the problem they can't turn it
off. Elder D. Todd Christophers and a member of the presidency of the
presidency of the 70 a leadership body of the mainstream Mormon church. To
revive polygamy here the church is 96 year old president regarded as a living
prophet must receive a revelation from God sanctioning it. A revelation like
driving under an overpass and saying the Virgin Mary. Now do they go for
the Virgin Mary or not? They're Christians of course they do. What is that
man? Virgin birth. You can't understand my
address. The grammar like as she was okay she never stole a freight train but
Virgin births and intakes were all to the
definitive of Jesus freaking Christ my Jewish friend. Jesus freaking Christ cannot be
a Christian and not believe in the Virgin birth of any stripe. Yeah yeah.
Well good. Polygamous advocate and wild said the church has the right to
its beliefs just as polygamous should be allowed their interpretation of
Mormonism without persecution. As consenting adults which is the key we ought to
have that choice to live that lifestyle she said we live it because a strong
religious conviction said wild 71 meaning strong religious convictions to
me aka were crazy that's what that means to me. The Attorney's General
of Utah Arizona said in separate interviews they had no intention of
prosecuting polygamous unless they commit other crimes such as taking underage
bribes a practice authority said was rampant in a Utah Arizona border
community one by run by Warren Jess before he was arrested in August that's
what we see on TV. We're not going to go out there and persecute people for
their beliefs that are Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard. What if they
believe in like slice enough little children is that okay? What if what if that's
it? As Utah Attorney General Mark Schulteff we determined six or seven years
ago there was no way we could prosecute 10,000 polygamous and put the kids into
foster care there's no way we have the money or the resource to do that. So
that's the deal. I say like if everybody in town like starts a growing a big weed
yard huh yeah everybody they can't put everybody in jail they just can't afford
it. Yeah watch them. You first you got well over a thousand votes today it's the
only just barely 10 after 12 which means we got 50 minutes left and see there he
goes again yes right and speaking of there he goes again Scooter Libby boy you
talk about a jackass man what what an idiot. Scooter Libby wants what Martha
Stewart got according to the Associated Press the former I think what they had to
do is stick him in jail and let her cook for him until he croaks. I don't think
that's a good idea. Well somebody that can't cook that's what I mean. The former
White House aide who faces two and a half years in prison for perjury and
obstruction cited the domestic celebrity in court documents yesterday is part of
his way to put his sentence on hold. Maybe you like to give up Paris Hilton got
the first time. Go home. The AP story continues a federal judge agreed to put
Stewart's five-month prison sentence on hold while she appealed her 2004
conviction for lying about a stock deal. Those Stewart opted to serve the time
anyway. World Com CEO Bernard Ebers got a similar deal after his conviction on
an 11 billion dollar accounting fraud as did David Safavia the former White House
official convicted in the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal. In other related
news talk left Gerald and Merritt posted a mass fundraising letter on her
blog sent by Mary Madeline for the Libby Legal Defense Trust in which she
pleads for contributions for Scooter Libby's appeal and argues Libby is
innocent. Madeline the top Republican strategist who formerly served as
assistant to president George W. Bush and counseling the Dick Cheney also played a
key role in actions the Bush administration that took against it's critics
after the invasion of Iraq. Madeline for the North Libby made of the conversation
called Joe Wilson a snake and warned that his story has legs. She laid out a
plan. We need to address the Wilson motivation. We need to be able to get the
cable out declassified. The president should wave his hand. Wave his hand like
some kind of a fruit case. You fairy. Like Richie Simmons he's waving
both hands with a limp wrist. I wish we had a pull that would you know I'd feel
proud to be reading the result like the one yesterday even though I like it was
pissed off I mean foaming at them off that I came in third as the most overpaid
but it was it was pretty good. You didn't think so? I thought it was just fine. And
this poll would have been fine too if we didn't have 600 names we got a
thousand twenty four votes though. I think one day we ought to do a poll it
just because there's no one think about the Internet there there's no bottom
in other words how do I say it? I don't know the sky's the limit right when I'm
trying to say as we could put 50s of zillion choices on there and it's not like
you run out of room. Speaking of real than the page you know I mean like like the
bottom of the world. Food's here, carbon's here. Ah well there's the good news.
New York.
Every good Christian knows it came to play and it's not so very hard to do.
The name of the game is the Bible.
There's a few interpret it to where we do tell people you know the way.
Invite them to your house.
Make their possessions away.
And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe anything.
You make your Bible say it's true.
No matter what you do you can be good.
The Lord will always forgive you.
We'll pick up a poison in snakes.
The Bible says wave it all around.
Find a fortune, Clint.
The Bible says it should have dr. down.
Everybody, play along with me.
Hey!
Come on, you young Republicans.
Speak the crap out of your kids.
The Bible says you're due to rot of the bow.
The Bible says you're gonna kill from it.
The Bible says it has to lay around.
The Bible says I don't want to kick in the face.
The Bible says you make a sacrifice.
You said the Bible is true.
Your life is full of crawling bread.
For no one it comes.
You left with only those who want to eat.
When a Laser Strike bounces kick.
When a laser strikes out,
We're going to feature a different business of the week at New and every Thursday.
We'll open up the online store for that week business, but you've got to be fast because
we're only able to provide a limited number of gift certificates per week.
I'm reading off of what Muff wrote on here.
Karma 2325 Galeano Street in the Gables, which brought the food today, come to Karma for
a sensual trip to the cuisines of Asia.
This sexy Asian venue is replicated from China's forbidden city with 30 foot Asian symbols
in 1,000 pound Buddha that keeps the watchful eye over the guests.
Fresh fishes are thrown in daily from all over the world for the sushi bar.
And you can watch chef Michael Schucar prepare his cuisine and dramatic exhibition kitchen
using Northern Chinese style wok cooking.
So that they bring in the orange sesame chicken.
I hate to ask because you're going to say yes and I'm going to eat on the plane.
There are a whole bunch of these.
I will say this though, the last time I ate on the plane going across the pond, the
food was the best they ever had on there.
Right.
We'll go really good.
I don't know what these dishes are called since they're not labeled, but one of them
might be the orange sesame chicken.
There is a couple different chicken dishes beef.
What about the champagne, kimchi, New York strip?
I don't know, maybe that's what I'm eating right now.
I mean, but that's not what I'm eating right now.
I'm assuming you started with 100 on this thing.
And there's only 91 left.
Why do you know it's going to take a while for people to get in the swing of this?
You understand?
And of course, Duff has done this so incredibly well.
You know what I'm saying?
I know.
You just anybody else.
Now that's all right.
Just go to qmwqm.com and take a peek at it and read all about it and do whatever you want.
Okay.
How are we doing on that pool?
Are we going to get the 1100 before I get out of here?
I doubt that.
I sure doubt it, Chris.
You got a thousand thirty five about TV dads and on a daddy's day on Sunday.
Mark Morford.
I love this column.
This is good.
This is the best San Francisco chronicle.
He says, you are so effing up seen.
The president says it.
You saved your kids at all the time.
So what's the effing problem?
Amen.
Mark Morford says, my grandmother's face used to scrunch up like he just stepped in dog droppings
whenever she heard it.
My own Cherubik and supercute mother rarely used to say it, but has become much more friendly
with and over the years because you know what the hell.
And now whenever she launches an F-bomb or even an S-bomb, she almost can't help but smile
a little sheepishly afterward like her own mother is looking down from the heavens and
making that face.
Our mother is really angry and the cuss is meant to be a serious exclamation.
Well, it's almost impossible not to smile yourself like you just heard this really adorable
squirrel pass gas.
Me, I remember the first time somewhere around seven or eight years old, just chilling
on my bike and my spoke hand hood on a warm summer's eve.
A gaggle of how the voice scampering around that might have been girls too, but at that
point girls were still incredibly toxic and hence my brain would not have registered
their existence.
And everybody just doing voice stuff.
Suddenly it happened.
From out of nowhere one kid launched it never before heard, screw you, as some other kid,
and all chattering stopped as we all sort of looked at each other as if to say,
uh huh.
And what was that?
While this weird electoral charge shot through the air like creamy, peanut butter on fire.
Everyone felt it.
Everyone present sort of knew even then without the slightest clue as to what the words
actually meant.
That's something interesting it just occurred something powerful and strange and while
this a bit wonderful.
As a quick test I dashed home with those two words hot in my mouth and promptly
unleashed them on the head of my older sister.
Two if I recall absolutely fantastic effect.
Clearly Bush's FCC is terrified of boys like me.
Oh yes they are.
Let us now recap.
Since 2003 Bush goes on nipple terrified regulatory agency has been working like a
prudish little ferret to distract perceived indecency especially those fleeting expletives
that love the pop up in major media.
Threatening to find any network roughly five bazillion dollars for any appearance of
the dreaded F or S or anything else that causes unusual tingling sensations anywhere in the
palad body of FCC chairman Kevin Martin.
This mist is eye rollingly idiotic by every cunning linguist in existence.
This absurdly striked rule nevertheless caused enormous panic and trepidation among
generally spymless network conchos who immediately shifted programming and yanked unconversions
of saving private Ryan from broadcast and fired on air talent for the slightest indiscretion
and desperately called their lawyers in prayer.
It was to put it simply effing ugly fast forward to now a new york appeals court just
called Bush's hardline or FCC that they are in essence a bunch of simple minded out of
touched weed monkeys and that the TV networks while morally vacant in nearly every way
imaginable still cannot be held as such impossible standards when such juicy curse words are
a common element of everyday speech including that a present stop this Schmidt Bush and
Dick go f yourself tanny and just about every other being anywhere with a possible exception
of the ghost of my life grandma.
We are sympathetic to the networks contention that the FCC's indecency test is undefined
indecernable inconsistent and consequently unconstitutionally vague.
Judge Joseph very puller wrote in a delicious smackdown a decision that also called the
FCC's obscenity rules divorced from reality a perfect kicker that promptly induced Kevin
Martin to wine uncontrollably.
It is the new york court not the commission that's divorced from reality he pulled.
Booger burger waba jerk faced he didn't fiddle his face during bright red as he hopped
on his big wheel and peddled away furiously.
I'm sorry best I could do repeat those.
Yeah booger burger waba jerk faced boom.
Obscenity here's where you may want to jump in and play devil's advocate and argue that while
swearing may be delightful amounts of everyday fun mature discourse doesn't actually require
such language and sure enough you can go through your entire life and ever under a single
curse word or for that matter never let booze pass your lips or enjoy a butt plug or
inhale from a joint or be just like Frank Sinatra and never once were a pair of jeans.
But he also make it to your gravy reasonably happy person it's true butt plug.
But maybe that's beside the point because as far as Bush's God spanked FCC is concerned it is
always and forever all about protecting the children or rather it's all about protecting some
imaginary Christian every child some sort of perfect hyper-shouted dove-like organism made of
spun glass and delicate bunny hearts and little golden crucifixes a fragile blessed thing
who's happy on blemish life had been completely free of blow or spit or pain right up until
the overheard bono say F at the golden globes and his precious virgin heart shattered forever.
No matter it's all fast becoming rather mood anyway broadcast TV has been noticed dying
your clumsy confused death curse happy cable TV is 87% of American homes and satellite satellite
radio ruins free to blaspheme of a storm the internet is a gigantic linguistics muffler wall
and even the more serious blogs and the indie media outlets are happily loosening
crafty journalistic minds and slaying their way into the hearts and minds a readers everywhere.
See most people seem to get it as is always the case in things perian and dirty and fun it all comes
down to balance too many gratuitous if bombs and you sound juvenile and educated and mean too
few or too awkwardly placed in an urn you sound prudish and awkward and far too much like safe
Jerry Seinfeld this then is the real linguistic lesson kids leave the learn when it comes to a good
curse it's all about the placement the timing the precise language after all F is a delightful
power word one I wish I could actually employ in this column every so often out those
damnable vans that we that protect nobody the truth is there always are perfect cuss ready moments
they're always of those times when it's not only entirely appropriate to launch a well-placed
swear word but not to do it would feel so downright irresponsible let me see if I can think of
what exactly says oh yes how about this the FCC is finally got some come up from the courts
the Christian rights death grip on the culture is weakening even further and the nation is a whole
appears to be slowly maturely coming to a senses well thank goodness praise Jesus passed the
line and oh yes it's about f in time see perfectly reasonably pretty good uh mark damn good
San Francisco chronicle damn good eh what was that what was that what did you get about the
about damn fn good bookety boob saying it bookety boob I hope I read that the way he meant it
oh it's fun either way all right if you're a DJ who's also Caucasian don't even mention the
blacks for the Asians athletic women with short curly hair these are the things you can say on the air
yeah
homeless men talking about things quite disgusting the FCC through your door will be
busting but only functions don't even go there these are the things you can't say on the air
when your short term comes to protest troubles on the way apologize for all the things that you said
and update your resume
I can't believe the language I hear home, TV, every home, the Word is an obscenity.
It used to be the cable was a whole lot worse, but now the networks let their actors curse.
There's a wedding site to visit, say, and a tea, all the dialogue and tape for a fan of tea,
swearing like a sailor on a free day pass, words a whole lot worse than asked.
FOMA FOMA how will it be before they drop the FOMA network TV?
FOMA FOMA there's no telling where they'll drop on only you, P.A.
Oh, I can't wait for that and look at that branded just popped up in the thing.
You're probably going to start talking about food too late, sweetheart.
Let's see, what does it say here?
Six hours, finally over with what? What does that mean?
Well, I'm reading all the notes. You eat now on the year, that's not.
No, on the year, right now.
I don't have any idea what that means. Everybody's on vacation except me, but I will be in 26 minutes.
Not that I'm counting, you understand.
Not that I'm counting. I am counting.
In fact, you know something I'm going to go over to city post 24, and I'm going to take a look here and see the digital clock.
By the way, only 81 left now in this certificate.
You see the fact that I talked about it and you were able to tell how good the food was.
Actually, there's only 80 left.
There's only 80. Why are you checking it out? Why did you buy one?
No, I just want to go look at it.
Well, there you go. You see if we talked about it a lot more, we just sell those things like hotcakes.
We could be like the radio shopping channel.
Is now what they do on the TV shopping channel where they show all.
We've got 75 of these left and now they keep changing the number like that.
I don't think we want to be quite that crass or commercial, do we?
What?
Maybe we do.
From 35.25, which means 24 minutes and 35 seconds.
I don't think I'm counting because that would be really crass and grotesque.
It would make the loyal audience out there so that I'm counting down.
Aaron Glance, Interpress Service, writes, Surviving War Slowly Dying at Home.
Well, this is a sad story.
Let me say that one, okay? Well, it's sad.
You think I want to do sad stories just before going on vacation?
Yeah.
I mean, it's true.
It's a horrible story and I'm going to do this.
China finds a new species of big bird-like dinosaur.
And they're great. Those Chinese and I guarantee they're eating it.
What is it with them anyway?
What is that all about?
I guess when you got a billion people, well, they got a billion people in India too now.
Yeah.
But they don't eat all those funky things that the Chinese say.
That's tradition.
They don't they not eat moucao in China and in India?
They do not.
They do not eat moucao.
Well, what's in that curry stuff?
What's the meat in the curry?
What meat?
They know, well, what do they put curry on?
Ask it in there.
Are you telling me the Indians are vegetarians?
I think you're full, man.
Or the most part, actually, yeah.
They are?
That's what I heard. There was a news story on it, like the McDonald's served veggie burgers and what.
Oh, that's right.
That is absolutely correct. I remember seeing that.
And then you get like, should we're curry on it?
I don't know, I guess.
I heard they should keep curry on it.
Now, whatever happened to him, did he like wind up going to another planet or something?
I haven't heard about him in a long time.
I heard he's going to land another station, like the emico up there in a corner.
Poor kid curry.
And who is it that got candid power a week or two ago?
Boydus, some real heavy-duty stuff going on there.
Wasn't it last week?
I don't know.
You were the one that told me about it.
I was?
Or maybe you didn't tell me.
Maybe it was the Josh Corpus.
Maybe Josh just made it up.
There you go, Brandon.
There's your opening.
Give Josh your shot.
Oh, I don't know what it was about Josh this time last week.
When you were on vacation with man, he was taken crack from everybody.
I mean, they were all over him like stink on joy, stood that he took a turn finally.
Yeah, that's right.
They get a little of the heat off of George already and start focusing that spotlight on Josh.
China has uncovered the skill of the remains of a gigantic, surprisingly burr-like dinosaur, which has been classed as a new species.
Eight meters long, that's 26 feet, and standing at twice the height of a man at the shoulder,
the fossil of the feathered but flightless gigantic raptor,
Erie and Isis was found in the Urland Basin in Ramancovia.
Well, I think I did a pretty good job and you never heard of it.
So, you know, never.
Well, of course not because there was no such thing before.
Researchers wrote on the latest issue of nature, which I'm sure you read religiously.
It's probably your bottle.
The researchers said the dinosaur discovered in April 2005,
weighed about 1.4 tons and lived to 85 million years ago.
So, that's bigger than the hump of the fossil.
They mature up on ESPN.
That was funny.
Oh, it was especially surprising what it is that it's sheer size and weight because most areas point to carnivorous dinosaurs getting smaller
is they got more burr-like, is they got more like the bird.
It had no teeth and had a beak.
Its forelimbs were very long, and we believe it had feathers, sous-shing,
at the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of vertebrate,
paleontology and paleoanthropology said its telephone interview.
Well, I'm doing good with the words they utter just keep going, you know.
I have to stay until midnight.
Not.
Twenty-one minutes.
What?
Twenty minutes and a couple of seconds, I'm not counting.
Well, of course that doesn't count the last break and then the back time to the top of the hour.
So, actually, it's like less than 20 minutes.
So, you want to know what we're munching on here?
What is that?
We have orange sesame chicken,
mongolian beef, and George had some sweetened sour shrimp.
Yes.
Sounds good to me.
Very good.
Excellent.
And that was gone.
I'm getting good karma just hearing you talk about it.
With the bacon feathers, the overwrapped there is a also bird-like inflite list
but we're one to two kilograms.
What the lasagna.
Other similar feathered dinosaurs were early weight over 40 kilograms,
which means the gigantic raptor was about 35 times heavier.
It was a big-ass bird.
The scientists had originally thought they had found terranosaur bones.
They were so big it was a surprising discovery.
Not at all what we expected.
They'd be saying we spend a lot of time investigating the fossils,
which is why it took us so long to announce the results.
And these, of course, are big birds that lived water.
50 years ago, some like that because there's certain of such thing as evolution.
No.
It's a plot.
That's the Kami Pinto secular humanist plot.
Did I hurt your attention from the Lord and from the works of the good book?
You know the good book that says,
Stonewall, you're just a baby and children to death.
Kill everybody, kill them all.
Kill the babies.
Kill the babies.
Break the women in the room.
The law say, oh I mean, why do they say that?
I don't know, the Chinese say Chalmean.
1072 votes, you know, you're going to get dangerously, perilously close to 11.
I'm not going to make it this...
What difference is it making?
You're going to go 11 today.
In fact, I'm going to leave it in your capable hands, the two of you used to get to 1200 by two of five.
Okay.
Can you handle that?
I just noticed something.
I'm on the palm of my left hand.
Cancer?
I have...
I beg your pardon?
What?
A small blood blister.
Okay.
I mean, yeah, bite it.
Bottle.
How can you bite a one that's on the palm of your hand?
How can you bite your palm?
That's the joke.
Because you can't.
Want a bite?
Give it a shot.
Anyway, here's the facts.
And this is a movie into Rosante, marginally from Rosante.
Thank you, Rosante.
Roxy Emile.
Donkival.
Chelsea Windows, we argued about this yesterday and it turned out we were awful to crap.
Oh, you were right, I was wrong.
But then again, I was still right.
Chelsea Windows came from Granada, Spain, from the Arab castle, where the wives could check out the dudes in the court.
The Plaza.
Maybe I need to get some jealousy windows.
Salosa is the Spanish word.
The J is from the Arabs.
Aha, probably stands for Jew.
Oh, Jew will see windows.
That's what they are.
There you go.
Jew loosely, huh?
And the percentage is half a good time in Amsterdam, both in the year and at a cafe.
I see.
Check out Samasabo, a restaurant that is great.
A rastafol, rastafol.
That's the Indonesian rice table, which our candy rice has in diabetic.
I mean, I can, but if I'm going to cheat, I'll probably go to a yaman.
Right, I have some Ben and Jerry.
I didn't have any either, just out of sympathy.
Can't have one.
Right.
Oh, they brought some rice here.
See, one thing one good thing about that yaman store is the Ben and Jerry's counter.
The scoop thing is right in the front.
So you're not tempted.
Well, you tempted, but you don't go in the back of the store.
Or they have all the candy, you know?
Errory kind of candy, let's ever been invented.
Don't get started with the food now.
Not what I'm about to take off on a good trip.
Please.
Well, that's right.
You were on, uh, what, what was that?
What was that last week or was that this week?
No, that was this week that I had the macaroni and cheese thing.
Thanks for brand of juice.
Trying to kill you.
Yeah, thanks, Brandon.
That's all right.
He means well.
I don't think so.
He's just, you know, he's a skinny guy that's into food.
You know, which we all hate that.
He's one of those people we were talking about.
He thinks it's funny.
He doesn't realize the gravity of it.
Are you guys, now you're going to be a war with him too, just like Josh?
Oh, he's one of my close personal correspondence there, okay?
Right.
The professor and Brandon and I like him.
And, I'm just fine.
And Ricky, by the way, who got back from Costa Rica,
but never gave me any stories and replied and told me whether they got a lead or not.
We only were praying for you, Ricky.
We're pulling for you.
And now here's some exciting news from Keith and Boca.
That, that, that, that this deserves a drum roll.
There is now a Sonic in South Korea.
Oh!
Although Pete, you could have just told us where it was.
We have to pipe in that whole freaking link to find out.
Come on, Keith!
I'm not going to tell you why.
No!
It's a mile long.
You just opened up last weekend at his pack.
Although if he's in Boca,
you know, Keith, that would imply.
Well, wouldn't it be nice if Keith would fax his back and tell us where the Sonic is?
He's got this long link.
You got to go to sunsendle.com, slash this, the 35,000 number.
He says, I had a circle around the three times before it gave a spot.
And by the way, Mr. C gets my vote.
Who's Mr. C?
Cutting him, I imagine.
Oh, on the pole, that.
On unhappy days.
Fuzzy called the Mr. C.A.
Yeah, I see in the show, okay.
I even saw American graffiti.
What you have.
So did I.
Keith and Boca says all of that.
So if there's now a Sonic in South Florida,
why don't you just instead of worry about the link under here,
just just to Google the Sonic in South Florida.
Oh, he's going to pay that link.
That's why I don't type it out.
You could do that if you wanted to.
But it's much easier just to Google.
If there's a Sonic in South Florida, man,
we're going to pack that place.
You won't be able to get within 100 miles of it by the time we get done.
I know some people are going to be leaving work right now
and heading off for Sonic.
Even if it's in Boca, if it's in freaking Jacksonville,
we're going to have the last little part.
Am I right?
It must be pretty damn good now.
Did you tell me you actually ate there once upon a time in America?
A couple, but not in this town.
Like, they have them up in the South, you know,
when you drive north to go South.
And I went to a couple of them.
And it was fine.
Both times hot fries, good crispy hot fries,
which I know that you don't care about.
What do you mean you go north to go South?
What does that mean?
You know, the South is north of us.
You know, the deep South.
That's what you think.
Yeah, go ahead.
Anyway, and the burgers were great.
I had a bacon cheeseburger on like a sourdough dough toasted,
whatever it is.
A sourdough?
Yeah, it's sourdough.
And it was great.
It was just fine.
Good stuff.
Now, I'm waiting for the facts to come pouring across.
Or maybe for Christa,
you could tell us that he's Google and Sonic and South Florida.
And tell us the location.
You know, we went through this before once a while from their website.
We're still only getting ones on the West Coast.
You think Keith is fun on this?
No.
Well, why would he do that?
And why would he tell us it's lazy?
Or maybe because he's selfish, he doesn't want to tell us where it is,
because he's going to circle around and apply these times.
He's not thinking it through that we're going to have to type in that URL
to find out where it is.
He just wanted to type it in.
I'm not typing it in.
You don't have to type it in.
And maybe just having to do it.
You do it, Chris.
He's going to bokeh for a Sonic on East Coast.
It's in Melbourne.
Nobody's driving all around there.
It's probably not on there yet.
If it's new.
Yeah, wouldn't be maybe it's on.
Maybe they just opened it.
Maybe they just hammered the last nail in the thing.
And they just opened the door.
You think?
I imagine.
Well, how are we going to do this?
I guess I'm not going to be able to repeat to call us back or a fact or something.
Yeah, call us and ask us if we can say, hey, listen, Keith, thanks a lot, you bastard.
Well, come on.
Let us know where you let us in on it.
That's like saying, I got $50 million I found in the back yard.
I'm going to give away a bunch of money.
But where do you live, Keith?
Well, I'm not telling you.
Where are you, Keith?
Or you can't find me, you know, like that.
That would be really bad.
Well, this is really bad.
Now, too, I guess I'm supposed to be a real guilty now.
You see, here's the way this deal works.
You know, with the summer deal of mine.
And as you know, just like I said about vacations, it's the same thing.
Boy can beach.
In Boyton Beach at 320 Winchester Park.
Oh, that's sad.
How did you find that from that link?
No, I went to San Centro.
Then, then, then, the Boyton Beach.
What address?
320 Winchester Park Boulevard.
Winchester Cathedral.
The one here.
So there's a Sonic in Boyton Beach now.
We can say that's on the floor.
The fact that Boyton Beach means there's probably going to be a date in Broward pretty soon, too.
Let's hope.
We pray.
I don't consider that.
So like I said, after the week after Labor Day, when this whole deal ends,
it's like nine more months, still I have it again, you know?
So you relish it, you savor it.
And I'm all the same before.
You're like that.
It's all done.
Like life.
Baby, take your hand.
Baby, come down to your blinded fold.
WQAM.
The station with a happy DJ.
Right in line, we're in bed.
I'm in the mood, but you just snore.
Baby, you know you're going to get happy.
I'll be glad when I walk out that door.
You don't look so good.
You don't look so good.
No.
That's why I'll feel good.
Where am I, baby?
Sorry, you just ate the one.
And it's straight in time.
Yes.
I'm by my baby.
I'm like a prisoner who's just been sprung so far.
But I'm headed for a bitter wife.
I'm dead.
I'm by my baby.
You and I aren't having any fun.
And it's straight in time.
You bet.
By my baby.
You are no longer number one so far.
I'm headed for a bitter wife.
Oh, a bitter wife.
One o'clock at 5.60.
QM, did he do that right?
I thought it was supposed to leave at one.
Not before one.
Whatever, whatever.
Like we're going to see.
He always forgets.
No, he doesn't forget.
He does it quite by design.
But that's all right.
Have a nice time, Neil.
Wherever the hell you're going, Europa is somewhere.
And here we are for a whole freaking week in a day in the summer
schedule and whatnot.
And what a weekend, boy, for me.
Because not only Father's Day on Sunday,
which is whatever it is.
You know, I got a whole bunch of Father's Day bits.
I guess I should pull them out.
Get rid of them today and tomorrow for what it's worth.
Now, when the kids are young, you got to go shop and afford them.
And for the present, for the Mother's Day and stuff like that.
Fortunately, I have an adult daughter now with a job who makes me proud.
So she'll be actually buying me a Father's Day present.
Well, that's good.
With her own money that she made, which will make me feel good.
And it doesn't matter what she gets.
Just that she's going to go out and get something.
Will make me feel very special.
On the other hand, if someone else in my house should go out and spend my money on something for me,
I really wish they wouldn't anymore.
Birthdays, Christmases and things like that.
You see, it's kind of sad because it goes like this.
It's my money buying it anyway.
So nobody's buying something for me.
It's somebody taking some of my money and going out and buying something that I don't want.
And given it to me when I would rather have just kept the money in the bank to pay some bills.
Because I got a lot of them, thanks to someone.
You follow?
Definitely.
And it goes like this.
If I had wanted that, whatever it was that I just got that was gift wrapped,
I would have gotten it.
The only things that I want that I can get with my money, I can't afford.
In other words, I would love to have a big ol' HDTV.
But I can't afford it.
You understand?
Does this make sense?
The bottom line to all this is, stop spending my money on crap that I don't want.
You want to get me a present, honey?
And you know, it's our anniversary coming up on the 16th.
Thank you, Duff.
Duff got me off the hook.
I get to treat my wife to a fancy dinner.
And I don't have to pay for it, which is great.
She asked you where?
That's double painful when you have to take your wife out to dinner, to a fancy dinner,
and you have to pay for it.
Really feel sorry for all you other sluppers out there that don't have this really sweet radio hookup.
It's always a dilemma around anniversaries, birthdays, Christmases, you know, what to do,
what to spend, what to get, and then the cards thing.
Have I ever talked about this on the year before?
I don't know.
I was watching Brian Regan.
We were all sitting watching the guy.
Is it Brian Regan, the guy, the comedian?
Because it was him and his brother.
I think they had a comedy career, both of them, and then one of them stopped.
So I think Brian Regan is the guy that we were watching, and he had a good line.
He was talking about blank cards.
I buy blank cards all the time, and he was laughing at me.
I have to buy blank cards all the time.
He said, and it was a good line.
I wonder what the name of the guy is, or was, who thought up that idea.
The idea of selling blank inside cards.
His name must have been Wake Up Laughing.
Because here's a pretty picture, a picture of a flower, a picture of a cat, and it's blank inside.
You got to write something yourself.
You got to think of it yourself, which suits me fine because they don't make cards that are appropriate for me.
From Mother's Day, my mother, my mother's birthday, wife's birthday, Christmas, my anniversary.
They don't have cards that say, here's more than you deserve.
They don't have cards that say, I'm nicer than you, so here's a card.
Or, like say, on the anniversary, they don't have cards that say, here I am.
Here we are again.
Another year already?
Jeez, it only felt like five.
Do you have the anniversary, honey?
It's going to be nice and romantic on Saturday.
I'm sure.
Do you do a nice and cursive writing and everything?
I have a variety of options of writing styles.
You see this writing style, which is, it has degenerated.
It used to be printing because I see, here's the thing about my cursive.
It used to look nice, then it degenerated, and then I couldn't read it anymore.
Degenerated is the point where I couldn't read it anymore.
I tried to write in cursive again the other day for some reason.
Excuse me, that was good food from karma.
Oh, great food.
The guy called up and said, hey, any time that you guys want to go hook us up and we're going to take him up on that.
Maybe get some tuna sashimi this time.
But it was great, everything was great.
I made myself a little sampler over there, but no rice because I'm going to health kick, get into that later.
But where the hell was I?
Oh, the cursive and everything.
So I changed the print because I took drafting and stuff so I knew how to print properly.
So I started printing so that I could read my own stuff.
And then my printing has degenerated to where it looks like illegible cursive.
But yeah, when I'm writing on the inside of a card, I will try to keep it together.
Keep it under control.
I can't do cursive at all anymore.
No, well, I didn't know that I couldn't either until I tried to and then it was just all over the place.
I had no hand control.
My fingers wouldn't make those shapes anymore for some reason.
Well, I know, it looks like a whole bunch of zig-zags.
Yeah.
And it used to be nice handwriting.
So if I should be writing any fancy love poems, you know, all of Serrano de Bergerac or something like that,
I'll probably just find a pretty font on the computer, you know, and use the printer over here, you know, if I should ever.
So we are going to be taking calls this hour.
So sharpen up your fingers like I told you to earlier.
I don't know if I want to get into the whole ripping David Chase right away.
If you know the reason I've already, well, I want to save it for tomorrow and maybe spend all day on it.
And the whole concept of it, him and Quentin and all these people.
And the sueds, you know what, you are what you are.
Everybody knows what you're all about.
Every time a boring-ass movie comes out, there's no shortage of sueds making apologies for this excuse for crap.
There are wall-to-wall sueds in this country.
You go to an art museum and you'll see none art.
And some sued wrote something on there pretending that it's great.
We watched that Sunday morning show where I should say the wife watches that Sunday morning show, you know where they put the stories on.
They are too uninteresting to show anywhere else.
And they always got to have some one of two things.
Either some modern quote unquote artist, somebody that makes ugly crap that somebody thinks is interesting, or a jazz quote unquote musician.
Somebody making horrible horrendous music that nobody wants to listen to, but that's what they're going to feature on that Sunday morning show.
So I think I'm going to start a line of greeting cards.
I've said this before.
A new line of greeting cards that are actually, you know, honest that express your feelings honestly about certain people.
And you're like, hey happy anniversary honey.
I don't want to say how many years it is because then it would make you cry.
Well that too, no I already. I cry daily. I wake up crying.
You know the guy that invented blank inside greeting cards, his name is Wake Up Laughing. My name is Wake Up Crying.
I wake up from whatever nice dream that I'm having. That was calling me.
Who the hell would be calling me in the middle of the show? Obviously not somebody that knows me.
106 on 560 WQIM. Hello QIM.
Hey, how are you George?
Fine, how are you?
I'm fine. I'll delay my opinion on the transfer tomorrow as well. However, you were talking about Fonic.
Fonic's or Sonic?
Fonic's. Yeah.
Yeah. Fonic's. Right. They got that sour dough toast or something instead of a bun option.
Oh, they're beautiful, man. And out of their breakfast burritos are to die for.
That sounds good.
Beverage is awesome. But I'm going to tell you what the story is. Back late in the 80s, early 90s, there were Sonic's down here.
Right. I remember. And you know what? I didn't go when they were because I thought, you know, whatever, how good does it make me?
The exclusive franchise was purchased by three former county management types.
They retired from the county and that was what they went into business to do.
Okay.
Well, not knowing how to run a business for profit even today, the franchise is light-pedered out after three years.
And that's why they're all belly up.
There was one up on Dixie Highway, close to FIU. There was one off on third street.
The buildings are all still there, but the Amazon for at least 15 years.
Okay.
And I think the closest one is Melbourne. I'm not sure about that point in Beach, where I think that might be.
I just got a confirmation on the Boyton Beach one. Is that even in Broward? Is Boyton in Broward? I forget what it is.
South Palm Beach.
Okay. With all due respect to the Palm Beach County people, the three of them that might be listening, we, the South Floridians, do not consider that part of South Florida.
That's correct.
So I think they're building the canal right between Broward and Palm Beach as we speak.
Okay. Well, they need to build it between Dayton Broward. A nice moat.
Thank you.
Amen.
All right.
Take it twice.
And you know, because Neil was reading that thing, it's been on all day.
The whole thing about the immigration thing, it makes me nuts.
It makes me nuts like Lou Dobbs.
All right. It makes me as nutty as Lou Dobbs about this whole thing, because there is no immigration issue being discussed.
Only the most virulent bigot has a problem with immigration considering that all of us are.
That's not what people are having a problem with. People are having a problem with.
I'm ready because I'm going to try to, I don't know if I can get my point across.
People are having a problem with slimy, skeezy, filthy, disgusting, border-jumping illegal aliens.
So what are you trying to say?
And the American people who are returning record-breaking negative polls for both the president and Congress do not want any kind of accommodation.
Who is it that is pushing for any kind of accommodation for illegal aliens besides obviously big business and maybe a few liberal groups that just are bleeding hearts to the point of detriment?
Being detrimental to the working people of the United States of freaking America that are in the country legally, whether or not they are citizens or born here or naturalized or here with a properly approved visa.
Some of us and a lot of other people are waiting in line very patiently to get permission to come into the country legally, politely with dignity, with respect for the country.
And the citizens of this country and other people don't give a rat sass and are coming over and taking what they want anyway.
That's the issue, Al Presidente, Mr. President and all your buddies in big business.
That's the issue of Congress, people on both sides of the aisle, ill, illegal aliens.
They're ill, no accommodation, no compromise, no negotiating, them and the people who hire them in a pile, pour gas on them, set them on fire.
Then, their children, everybody, that's how we feel.
The only people that are apologizing for the illegal aliens are the friends and families of these illegal aliens who are probably illegal freaking aliens themselves or the children of illegal aliens.
No one who works for a living in this country wants to accommodate an illegal, freaking alien in any way, shape or form or the scum box who hires them and pays them under the table where they don't pay taxes, where they take that money and they send it back to Mexico so it doesn't even get spent here to stimulate the economy.
You bunghole, President and Congress and all you people, no accommodation, off, off, where we can't run up all these people and ship them off, why the F-NAT?
Why the F-NAT? Bring the military back from Iraq and get them doing that.
Let me see your Social Security card or a green card or something, you don't need this National ID thing, everybody who's in the country legally has something, let me see your freaking driver's license or off you go.
Real simple, that's what the American people want, that's what the people who work want, that's what the people who pay taxes, which means you're salary all you people that I'm talking about, that's what they want.
I'm sorry if I sounded a little bit ranty over there, you know what, as pissed off and passionate as I am about that, just wait till I get going about what's his name, David Chase.
It's 1-12 on 5-60, all illegal alien radio, WQ, one moment please, a, let me know when you're ready.
And, well very whiny, yes I am.
And welcome back to the Radio Shopping Club, I'm your host David, you know Father's Day is coming up and it's time to think about dear old dad.
Now, we know you think your dad's the greatest, of course you do, but what about dads that aren't so great, you know, dads that promise to show up for the holidays but don't,
dads who spend their money on exotic dancers rather than on child support, you know your classic deadbeat dad.
Well, the Radio Shopping Club has the perfect gift, introducing the RSE Deadbeat Dad's collection.
Yes, here they are, coffee mugs, hats, t-shirts, even golf balls all emblazoned with the slogan, world's greatest deadbeat dad is the perfect way to show your deadbeat dad and the world what you really think.
We can even ship it to him directly, that is if you know the address of the trampy shacking up with.
Order now and be sure to ask your operator about our three months of back child support delayed payment option.
Call now.
Now, on the scene, the Radio Shopping Club.
117-560-Q-A-N and there's another thing I totally forgot about that on Father's Day. I have a father we were talking about him earlier.
And that bit, see they stole my idea, I've been thinking about this for a long time. Just like I also had the idea a long time ago for mis-forchant cookies.
You know you get fortune cookies at the Chinese restaurant and it's always something, whatever, sappy.
Yes, like I got one of the other days as a truthful message is on its way to you. I'm still waiting.
You know the key to make fortune cookies even more fun, right?
No, what's that? Sharp objects? No, you've never heard it? No.
You read the fortune and you end it with in bed.
So say that one you just said again. A truthful message is on its way to you in bed.
See it makes it sound a lot better. And it pretty much works on a list of everything.
I guess what would that sound like? Don't listen, I don't want to hear that sound from you.
Alright, somebody else may be but not from you.
So yeah, deadbeat dead. I'll go find a, since they don't make deadbeat dead father's day cards and they should.
You know what, who knows, maybe they do. If you, everything exists anymore, right? Thanks to the internet. You could Google,
Father's Day cards for deadbeat dads and something that might actually come up.
You can always get one of those, create your own cards.
Right, you know. Right, there you go. There you go. Or e-cards, you can pretty much do whatever the hell you want.
But it's still not as nice as that nice folded cardboard, you know.
So I got to get a blank inside card for my dad and say, hey, thanks for nothing, pop, poppy. Thanks for nothing.
Thanks for sending your other son to college, but not any of the kids that you had with, you know, with your first wife.
And thanks for having so many kids with that woman that you knew was a crazy bitch every time you knocked her up.
My sister and I just got done having a conversation with him and she's all born again and forgiving and into forgiveness and everything which I don't believe in as you know.
And she's trying to make excuses for him. He's not a bad man. He's just, you know, he's just weak and stupid and so well that's bad. That's a bad man.
When you make kids and you don't take care of them, that's bad. That's the definition of bad as a man. Make a kid don't feed it your bad.
That's it. Well, that is your function as a father is to take care of your freaking children and you didn't do it, poppy.
Well, you were the practice family. Apparently, apparently and he got it together. Glad to see that he actually developed some skills from starving his first batch of kids.
QA, I'm hello.
That's it. I know. You know what? They had the opportunity here for the hour.
He hasn't been taking calls since what for like two weeks or so, right? At least he took a few calls the other day. I don't even remember when that was.
Was he taking a whole lot during the vacation, my vacation? No. Not taking the calls about the other day about the morning show.
Yeah. And not since. So here's an opportunity once again that will just go right past these people in South Florida. QA, I'm hello.
Yeah. You see? Yeah, it's my chance. All we got. You know, the same for retarded. They won't go anywhere. I know, I know you won't go anywhere. They know they won't go anywhere.
And they're mad. That one's mad because I realize I recognize it. Oh, yeah. Welcome. Welcome. It was. I'll try that. It's down real. You'll go. I mean, it's it's the price of fame first of all, but all these people that didn't know for me like like Reverend Jones and his buddy Chaz or whichever the two you are, you're both gay.
I can't describe the things that you do on a daily basis on the air without losing the license, your stalkers, but they used to call him Rod Niel and then I discovered what their voice sounded like.
So I would hang up on them. And so then they started picking on me and calling me gay. Same thing with Gilbert. Same thing with all these other people. You know, you do your job, Chris.
I'll hang up on a people that you're supposed to and they're going to they're going to hate you for having the nerve to keep people off the air who are, you know, homosexual deadbeat.
You know, well, I'm sorry. They're not dead. Beats. I don't know. No, I'm sure I'm sure DeRone is dead. No, I don't. I don't know. He might pay his bills for all I know. I do know that he's he's a homosexual and retarded.
That's Daron. What is it? What is the name? Grinatsky. Gratasky. QAim. Hello. Yeah. QAim. Hello. That's you. What was just talking about you? Hello. Oh, snap. That was the wrong line. See, that's what happens when you just keep it next all over and over and over again. QAim. Hello.
George. Yeah. I want to report. I need to know what I'm taking calls, but they finally discovered us out here on the red lines. We got two arbitrary on diaries for the week. Sweet. I thought I would let you make some money this month. Yeah, maybe you can. Of course, I cannot tell you how to fill that diary out. Oh, no, of course not. Right. It's already pre planned. All right. All right. I like to zero-octed. Beautiful. All right, man. All right. Well, there's there's some good news. Maybe I'll be able to pay some bills this month. Yeah. You're not getting on the
air. You thought you farts that are just make up a new word. You're not going to get on the air. You're gay. You're retarded. You're special. You're fat. You're ugly. And you're not going to get on the air anymore. Just call each other up and pretend that you're you're on the air. Jim Maddich is coming up at two o'clock. We got the power hour with Hank in the mad dog from four till five. Hank at five at seven o'clock. We have dolphins. All access. That's Miami dolphins. All access hosted by somebody. Right. Do we know who? Probably, Seffilo. Probably Seffilo.
Maybe Bob Eisenberg will call on the air again and ask how Jimmy is going to be coming into the building. That was that was a very funny Bob. And he still doesn't realize that that wasn't the thing to do. But then again, you know what? Since they don't have and the audience I've mentioned this before, but they still might not know. We don't actually have a real phone in the control room of the studio over here. Since this is not a real radio station, they don't have a real phone. There is no way for for you to call outside and not be on the on the talk line.
In the control room of a radio station, which is outlandish and outrageous, continuing with the schedule. We have Marlins on deck at 735. Marlins at KC. 810. Game night with Ed Kaplan whenever the hell that ends. QA hello. Hello. Yeah, you want to know about this 10? The what? Those 10s you were talking about earlier that. Uh huh. No. I don't.
I know all about you. I know everything about you. Know your address. Know your phone number. Know how gay you are. I know how obsessed you are. I know that you're a stalker.
What did you just say today's schedule is Marlins wear at KC. Thursday. Oh, I'm on Friday. Okay. Let me fix that. Let me turn the page and fix that just like that. Marlins at Cleveland. Well, not at Cleveland, right? Aren't they here?
So that sounds like a doover. So as I was saying, we have the power hour. I just got that right. Then it's Hank Goldberg at Dolphin Stadium at 5 o'clock. Marlins on deck 630 at 7.05. It's Marlins in Cleveland. And then game night with Ed Kaplan. That's better. Thank you for catching me. You know, because what do I know or care about the Marlins actual schedule?
Carmo is great. Are they? Do we don't have any propaganda and the information on them? Where are they? I used to have a card or something like that right there. I'm going to give you a minute. Why don't I have it? Why doesn't Neil have it? I went online. I found it. Well, share. Any minute now. They are at. Boy, that's a slow computer. 2325. Galiana. No, I had to hit a couple. I say 2325. Galiana Street, which isn't coral gay.
I'm going to use the same numbers. And if you would like their phone number, it is 305-445-2293. Great. I mean, we've already sold 30 certificates.
It's too pennous. That's a good deal actually. Normally we would criticize the kinds of things that the station does in the name of promotions. Because it's usually pretty chancy and cheesy. But this is actually a worthwhile thing. I think that it needed to be that way or Neil wouldn't have agreed to go along with it. That's the only reason that he agreed to go along with it. That's a tough thing. We like Duff. And I like Duff now since he hooked me up for that dinner thing at the river house.
I'll tell you all about it. I'll be telling you all about it. Very excited. It's right there on the water. Duff left me the menu, but he didn't leave me an address or anything like that. So I could read from the menu, but I'll wait till I get some more information. Duff, where are they and all the other particulars and things like that.
I did look them up on the internet to find out exactly where they were so that I could go there. And they've got great reviews. Every little travel guide and city guide and everything gave them 4.5 out of 5 stars. Which is pretty stupendous. I'm really, really excited to go there.
Even though I'll be there with my wife. 126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
126 on all anniversary radio 560 WQAM.
