New York
Yeah!
Will he be in air or still be fat?
Well, he adopt a cat.
I don't think he'll want to move back to Florida.
When the old 60-year-old
The door, the door, the door, the door.
And the door, the door, the door.
Make your assand with you.
Spreading around in his underwear.
It's indicated worldwide on the satellite.
But just still waiting for the peacelies to die.
Will he be spending most of his time?
A hundred and a half would cry.
He's keeping his time filled,
Rewriting his last will.
When the old 16-year-old
He thinks he's gonna spend a lot of time
in the town of Oily.
Or is that the Queen?
He'll be an old game.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, the cranky girl.
With a blue.
Oil in his shoe.
The door, the door, the door, the door.
The door, the door.
The door, the door.
Will he retire or be on the edge?
On sport-hole radio.
Will he win Lotto on every young puggle?
When the old 16-year-old
And I know it.
The door, the door, the door, the door, the door.
The door, the door, the door, the door.
I knew it.
Oh!
Oh!
10-0-2-5-60 WQ.
Happy Thursday November 8th.
Before I decided to week my birthday.
A lot of people die on the birthday like my mom.
Right.
And I didn't die, but it's been a brutal week.
And some issues are on the way.
But I'm not going to go into that.
The latest issue is rumors all over the building rampant.
Because we know that the station is renewing the Humphers contract.
At the end of the year he's going to be going by-bye.
And the nationwide search is on for Hank's replacement.
Which means the crow is probably coming back.
All right.
There we show it's a nationwide search.
And then he puts somebody on the air who does belong on the wall.
I like that one.
Yeah.
But anyway, so that's going on.
And he's going to be going out.
And the rumors are rampant that they're not going to renew my deal.
Well, he's still got 14 months to go.
Sure.
But didn't Joe Bell, didn't Jolly Joe just tell Norma,
can I think yesterday in the email that they will sit down and talk?
Oh, once we get Hank's replacement all locked in.
Oh, yeah.
And the rumors are that they're fed up with me because they're pissed off that I ripped them and asked when they missed the payroll for the company last time.
And it didn't affect me. I was just speaking on behalf of everybody else.
You know, people who work for a living, like George and Chris, and everybody else in the building.
Oh, God, stiffed.
Well, you know something out of really care. They're tired of me. I'm tired of them.
They make me sick.
For example, I get my weekly FedEx from ChickenEck with a great stuff in it like that that I just played.
Oh, God.
And he says, two checks have arrived catching me all the way up to September 19.
Huh, that's only the eighth of November.
Right.
The last check came from Country Kiss question mark. How do you like that?
Wow.
Maybe they got a borrow money from Country Kiss because they can't defeat the bills.
And his lawyers got over 24 or 5 hours in the continuing case of the Beasley Deadbeat matter.
$8,000 so far, but pro bono, thank God.
He says, in other words, he's got a lawyer friend who's not charging.
And that's the only way, you know, how else could he do it?
Pretty said commentary when you have to have a lawyer, contact with somebody who you'd pay.
That's a very said, that to me, he spells one word, deadbeat, but I could be wrong.
So they can be pissed off of me all they want, but I just, I'm here. That's what I do.
That's what I've been doing for a long time, and that's what I'll continue doing, at least from other 14 months, less, uh, week here.
This is a crappy poll today.
By the way, I apologize to Chris for a crappy poll today. We'll never make 1,000 today.
I'm thinking about 900.
Well, you know what I'm thinking about? What is it?
Anyway, don't forget to join George Saturday night from 9 to 11 p.m. at the Tequila Ranch of the Seminole Hard Rock for the Corona Light Illumination Fuzzball Finders.
Oh, by the way, that's a plan word that's supposed to be Illimination because it's Corona.
Get it? They put lives in there.
And it's Tequila line?
Uh-huh, how would I know that?
Well, you wouldn't. I totally wouldn't.
See, it's a high spelted in a way that I could actually hate.
It could be spelled it away with hyphens that I wouldn't understand that in a case of...
High fives.
Yeah.
But unfortunately, it's not because you're a good post-personal buddy like most of the other people are like a brain dead.
What's his name again, Lee?
Yes.
Hey, Lee, get with it.
Schmuck.
Get there at 7 p.m. for a last chance qualification tournament to make the $1,000 finals Saturday.
From 9 to 11 p.m. enjoy $5 buckets of Corona Light and great food specialist plus,
try your luck with the QM prize wheel for a chance to win Panther tickets.
And I'm going to tell you a comment about the Panthers by the way.
The place to be this Saturday night Tequila Ranch with QM and George, 9 to 11 p.m.
The Panthers last home game against Tampa, which they did win. They lost their last night.
But the last home game, I have a personal aspiring portrait from a close personal friend who tells me that if there were 4,000 people in that arena, it was a lot.
And that most of the season, that's the way it's been.
I mean, they're not very good. They're also not very bad. They have a very well-ferred exciting team. Not great.
But nevertheless, the Van Wagen is over.
And the reason I mention that is because also the last heat home game, I'm told that the lower bull was like 2,000,000 empty.
I don't have any interest in that. I don't pay any attention to it. I don't watch it.
But I heard that at rumors about that. A lot of rumors going around about a lot of things.
And what is my point? And of course, the Marlins, which they're not playing right now, but even if they were, we know that the Panthers were playing right now.
The interest, you could put a gigantic manure pile on every base. And still wouldn't be able to draw flies. How do you like that?
That's a giving idea of how bad the lack of interest. And yeah, and of course, it often has to have won a game.
So there's the sports picture for it. And of course, the Hurricanes, they've already lost what? Four, Chris?
Yes. Four? Correct. Four losses in one season. Oh, my.
Oh, my God.
Wow. Woo. Heavy duty, baby. So the sports picture is bleak. I mean, and there's no interest.
Unless it's a front running phony thing, like with the heat a couple of years ago, unless it's that nobody really cares.
And so the fact that we've got two radio stations, you follow where I'm going with this George?
No, where are you going? Spelling.
To hell in a hand-basket. Two stations trying to promote halava in Audis Ababa.
It's just forget about it. Who do you want to have make a profit, have an audience dominate the town? Why would you want to have that?
Don't start that again. I'm sorry.
Their audio fed up with me because I ripped them about the damn payroll thing.
And deservedly so. See, one thing I've discovered in life is that when you tell the truth, people turn on you and they make it your fault.
You're the one that's your prey.
Not not just your fault for talking about it. That's right. Everything in life. Everything in life. It's your fault. Turn it around.
People love to play that game. Turn things around and blame the other person even though they're the guilty party.
I'm not the one that stiffed the entire staff on payday. If you pay day's ago, I'm not the one that did that.
And then set that caustic email out again to everybody.
Well, it's still going to be there a couple of days before it's really due.
And you should kiss our ass that we pay you with all. It's stuff like that.
These are bad, bad people. And they can be fed up with me all they want. I don't care. I'm making money.
They never lost any money on this show.
Ten years, did they ever lose a dime on this show? Did they lose a ton of money on the Marlins?
You bet. That's all we keep hearing about. Oh, gee, we lost a fortune on the Marlins.
And then of course, they lost a fortune on the dolphins the first time around.
And now we got them back and got only notice if they're going to be able to break even on a team that probably will go the whole season winning maybe one game, maybe,
maybe one or two, but unlikely.
Wouldn't that be something?
And then all this sour grapes I'm hearing about from Moshula. I'm going to hear an editor Joe talking about it.
Oh, by the way, where is the jacks today? Is he off?
He's traveling with the heat.
He's traveling with the heat?
Correct.
What does that mean?
They had a game yesterday and they have a game tomorrow.
Well, wait, does he work for us or does he work for the heat?
Both.
He still works for the heat? Correct.
Oh, you've got to be schmittin' me, man. Are you kidding?
So we got another round.
Oh, okay.
That's a good one.
But anyway, so I heard Joe talking about that this morning about Shula was rippin' into a bell, a check and all this other stuff.
That's a joke, okay?
That's a real joke. Brain stem.
But that's jealousy. You know, I noticed that's a very bad trait. Much of that going on in South Florida.
A lot of jealousy and even when it comes to sports, even though there's not much interest, we can't really root for our team, but we can be very pissed off that somebody else is good.
Not just good, but great, sensational spectacular.
The US Treasury Department, speaking of Spectacular, said yesterday, publicly held US debt breached the $9 trillion mark this week for the first time ever.
Just five weeks after Congress had raised a statutory borrowing limit, the first time ever.
As Mike Moonshine once said to me, it's news, don't you ever knock the sales department again.
Don't you ever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
Notably, while 40% of New Hampshire Democratic women have a very favorable view of a soil rate, only 22% of the state's Democratic men say the same.
Women like sir, the men like, eh, fah, like that, fah, for the goiim out there that means fah, fah, fah, for today's poor rich is how about I don't have kids in a want them?
Okay, Rich, whatever you say, you want to put that on there?
Absolutely.
Don't have me.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Don't have kids don't want them.
Well, that sounds, and it sounds like a good idea is what it sounds like.
5.76 on the pool.
Forced sterilization.
Just keep saying that to yourself, to everybody you meet.
If you meet a stranger on a bus, look him in the eye and say,
Forced sterilization.
I'm a grand bricky of low.
Hey, clearance?
Oh, hi, cow.
Say, you know I've been meeting it all to you about a little problem we have here at the station.
What's that?
Uh, if we keep doing this sports thing, we're not going to have a station.
Do you have any idea how many facts I've had this stab to succeed in a career I know nothing about?
Sports is my life, and it's not important to me what the audience wants.
Okay, okay, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, listen, if there's anything I can't do for you, don't hesitate not to ask me.
Oh, fine.
I know what I'm doing.
What I'm doing, what I'm doing, I'm going to continue programming the station for me and my boyfriends.
Gonna call Joe.
Joe, fine.
Hi, Joe.
What's your doing?
My friends.
Glad you're out of jail.
Yeah, she's just appeared.
Find any new boyfriends in the tomb?
What's in there, huh?
I'm red, you know?
Whoa, no.
Say, how about some fantasy fest football tonight?
Oh.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Goodness at a better 1031-560WDQM.
Let's take a look at the Thursday line up if we must.
Although being Thursday, we get our two-for-one special deal a day.
And let me alert the audience out there, anybody who might want to buy today?
Let the link on the left side of the Q&A doesn't work again today.
Just check it out.
And don't tell me it's the only me, I don't believe that.
Alright.
The one on the right-hand side that works just fine.
The little tiny banner under a dandy boy about two bumper stickers down below dandy boyfriends.
Picture?
That one works.
That one always works.
Mine works.
I don't care whether you use works.
If you're inside the Q&A building, it works for you.
Otherwise, who knows?
And just more sabotage, that's all.
And of course, there's a court of season on it.
Wait till you see the size of his check.
Next month, he's waiting for a check in December.
You know, around Christmas time, it's going to have a lot of...
Oh!
...in it.
Mine works, too.
Yeah, because you're sitting right there with him, so I wouldn't have worked.
Schmock.
Fox News yesterday earned a bizarre accusation.
Did you hear this?
Nope.
That Senator Swarrow Clinton is connected with a murder of two cats.
Oh my god.
I guess the real foster wasn't an off-teller.
Senator Clinton's accuser is Kathleen Willie, the one-time White House aide,
when 1993, Clayton would have been groped by then-President Bill Clinton in the Oval Orifice.
Willie raised the strange cat-killing allegation and a raft of others in her new book,
Target, caught at a cross here as a Bill and Hillary Clinton.
The Fox and Friends morning program detailed charges in the book that Willie's cat, Bullseye,
was the victim of a targeted hit by a Clinton-hired henchman.
Oh!
Woo!
A man he would just pertain to be a jogger came up to me and asked that I ever find my cat, Willie,
told the New York Sun, who also picked up the cat's straight Wednesday.
He mentioned my cat by name and I said, yeah, that Bullseye was a really nice cat.
Willie told the son the abducted cat was part of an intimidation plan organized by the Clinton's
after she was called to testify in Paul Jones' sexual harassment suit against the President.
But it didn't stop there, said Fox News host Brian Kilmead.
Does the name Fluffy mean anything to you?
A year later she bought a cat named it Fluffy.
That cat ended up dead as well underneath the porch.
She thinks somehow and she claims somehow the person that this is a link is linked back to swirly.
Cat killer, bitch!
Willie appears to find her accusations on the award to conservative talk show host Melanie Morgan,
who says she had a conversation in which a private investigator named Jack Palinio
all but admitted to being a culprit in the cat business.
The only regret that I had about the whole thing was that Hillary didn't pay me in a timely fashion
to be out of the way, allegedly, said, according to Morgan's account.
Well, that sounds like us here at Beasley, don't it?
But don't say that, you'll be out of favor with Johnny Joe again.
Oh, ho, ho!
But the online newspaper World Ned Daily, which is fairly able to publish her of Willie's book reported on Wednesday
that Paladino denied those charges out, right?
And is even threatening a lie, balasut.
It's a total fantasy, Paladino said.
No, that's too kind, it's a lie.
The cat feelings are the least of Willie's accusations against the Clintons,
who she's suspect wholly without evidence, were involved in the murder of her husband.
She also contends the couple orchestrated the attempt to theft of an early manuscript of Target.
The UK's Daily Mail also published reports on the story of those claims,
which the conservative website Fudge Report, linked to a banner reading, Here Comes Kathleen.
In other words, here she'd do it again.
At the close of their Clinton segment, Fox and Friends offered to disclaimer
that their new books publisher, World of Head, had from time to time, bashed the Clintons,
just to coincidence, I'm sure.
The company is also beyond such titles as I've always been a Yankees fan,
Hillary Clinton in her own words, and their lives were being targeted by the Clinton machine.
Left-leading watchdog group media matters has more, I'm willing to suspicion
that the Clintons were involved in her husband's death.
Isn't that great?
Cat Keller!
Fox and how that can be on the air.
I'm not sure what needs to be taken out first.
CNN or Fox.
Because at least Fox we know is totally fake.
CNN puts on a pretense.
Yeah.
How do you like that school shooter in Finland?
That's those fans, man.
Those suddenly taken from this high school in southern Finland has begun here.
Through the night, students, members of the community have come here to the buildings
to sit and swallow groups.
Well, that must be freezing there.
Look at all the hot air coming out of his ugly purse.
Paul, we got $590.
I think I targeted $600, isn't it, Chris?
Yes, I'm talking to me.
It's about right.
I think we got a shot.
OJ is back on the bandwagon again.
Let's get the OJ circus going.
That's what he says.
Let the circus begin.
All right.
OJ Simpson flew from Fort Lauderdale to Vegas last night in good spirits
and ready for his preliminary hearing today on armed robbery and kidnapping charges
that could send him to prison for the rest of his life.
Oh, right.
Oh, yeah, please.
Oh, right.
Pray to God.
Rub your rosary beads.
Another day in Paradise Simpson said as he settled into his coat seat.
Since in 60 of Kendall said in an aisle seat aboard Delta Flight 1774,
with two friends, a man and a woman, but not girlfriend, Christy Prody,
or Miami-Lory, Yale, Yantigal, Enter.
Before takeoff, a few passenger asked for autographs and photos with Simpson wearing a white visor,
dark slacks, and a blue guia berastale shirt.
Then say something about his underwear as long as we're in the shoes.
Probably not though his ugly ass shoes.
Right.
He was pleasant as they chatted him up about his football career as time running through airports as a Hertz pitchman
and his cameo rolls and naked gun movies.
Simpson soon dozed off after a few games of dominoes with his travel mates
as passengers deep-planned in Vegas uniform deputies to the jet-weight with scored Simpson on the airport.
Look, the circus began Simpson said as he walked off the plane.
Wait a minute.
I'll take a good one.
Oh, I know what he should have said as he walked off the plane.
That would have been an advantage.
Simpson and two co-defendants are doing toward a 10-year-old Vegas, and at 1pm,
I'll take a good one.
For the first day of a plane, two day preliminary hearing.
If it's a cat, you can kill it.
Get swallery on the case.
She'll do it.
Simpson, Clarence Stewart and Charles Earlick are charged with multiple cons of armed robbery, assault,
kidnapping, and spursy,
stemming from that September 13 incident in the room with the palestation hotel and casino.
Investigators say Simpson and five of them
had been stormed into room 1203 and stole sign footballs.
And other items from two sports memorabilia dealers.
Police said there were in guns involved, and Simpson and his cohorts may have taken up to 100 grand worth of memorabilia
from Deva's Bruce Frohmaw and offered beer-dee-girds-ly.
Simpson's attorneys maintained he wasn't armed, and he was there to retrieve personal items.
He believed we're stolen from him.
The incident happened while Simpson was in Vegas for a friend's wedding.
The men charged along with Simpson include the bartender from the wedding,
and several of Simpson's golfing buddies.
Oh, brother.
Goffing buddies.
To-to-to-toe.
Three of the men have agreed to plead guilty, blessed, and charged and tested by against Simpson's steward in Earlick.
During the preliminary hearing, Judge Joe Bonaventure's expected near testimony
from the three who accepted plea deals.
Charles Cashmore, Walter Alexander and Michael McClinton, as well as from police investigators.
The two alleged victims are the man who up to range the September 13 meeting at the hotel.
Simpson's lawyers have said they will cross-examine those witnesses thoroughly,
but don't plan to call any defense witnesses during the preliminary hearing.
I don't foresee any witness for the defense Gabriel Grasso,
Simpson's take as a drink to the AP, not because we don't have them, but because we'll save them for trial.
Bonaventure will decide whether the prosecution case has enough merit to go to trial
and stay court.
Friars ass, babies, long overdue.
Stick his ass in there and believe it.
Oh, there's Pat Robertson and Julianne in our hand in the hand.
Most evangelical voters won't follow Robertson's advice.
Ah, how about that?
Pat Robertson, man, he's got a direct bat line of the Lord.
He knows him, fags are all behind all the bants of when it rains real hard to fag's on it.
He's got wild diarrhea, bloody diarrhea, man, the fags on it.
And Julianne, now he's a gland in hand with Pat Robertson, isn't that great?
I got a story on that.
And also the story about Bernie Kerrick getting indicted today.
Good old Bernie Kerrick, which he should have been checked out a lot closer by Rudy,
even though of course he was Rudy's close personal friend,
but they'll confuse Rudy with the truth is just an elusive kind of a thing,
you know, just like Kerrick QIM.
The truth is elusive.
You know what I say?
The truth will set you free.
Mm-hmm.
Well, there's not a lot of freedom going on.
You know, freedom's dead, that's what I heard.
All the time.
595 votes on our very, very poor poll,
which Chris apologizes for profusely today, and Charlie V.
ought to like personally call everybody in the audience.
And apologize for such a piece of crap.
God is that.
Just idiotic, I apologize.
Yeah, thank you.
You're welcome.
I mean, there are a lot of these that are really bad.
I'd like to wonder about which of these daytime divas
if she were in your mother-in-law when you least wants to hang with you for a whole week.
I mean, there's some in this poor pile.
Who's your second favorite meal?
Neal Armstrong, Neal Cavuto, Neal Diamond, Neal Down, Neal Sadaka, and all that.
Oh, Charlie.
I guess he's fighting out that.
It ain't as easy as he thought.
Having haven't had been saying that for a long time now since his pull making abilities
have slipped very badly.
Haven't I been saying that, George?
Yes.
Yes.
And you know what I'm talking about?
I do.
It ain't easy.
And some days we're not interested.
We just don't want it.
You know, we don't want it.
They play like men and they look like women.
The number one romantic drama in America is out of this world.
Martian Child.
David is an eccentric writer who considers adopting Dennis a young woman running for president
who claims to be for Mars.
As long as I have my P.U.38 space modulator, the election should be a breeze.
What happens next is the Martian Child.
You may be very angry, Earth President.
Cisco and Bell do our give it to an ½ thumbs up.
ET calls it...
HUM!
HUM!
HUM!
The Martian Child.
Starting, John Cusack has stated more than the Martian has Dennis Cusinic.
Where's the kaboom?
They're supposed to be an Earth-chattering kaboom.
Tony Dow, as the beaver, the Martian Child rated P.U.38 for new light cinema at the Democratic Party.
All right, he's got a hell of a chance at a little Dennis Denny.
Oh, maybe he had a better hair piece.
14d411 at 5.60 WDQ.
I'm happy Thursday to hear.
Well, after I bitch the audience out about at least the mice-based people about all the lack of happy birthday greetings on Monday.
You didn't see the one or two that poured out.
Oh, okay, I was just going to say.
Oh, happy believe it, yeah.
Nothing.
And that's okay, I understand.
It's not a place where the people are like affectionate, where there's like a lot of love.
You know, screw you, you old faggot.
Now I'm right.
Very sad.
Really, Giuliani's relationship, speaking of sad, deformer New York City Police Commissioner Bernie Kerrick,
has always been recognized as a potential problem for his presidential campaign.
Now the problem may become acute.
ABC News reported late yesterday that Bush's one-time choice for Homeland Security Secretary will be indicted today for tax evasion, all poor Bernie.
Federal prosecutors are expected to ask a federal grand jury to indict former New York City Police Commissioner Bernie Kerrick,
profaning to pay taxes on free apartment renovations and rent to federal sources told ABC News, Richard Esposito last night.
Kerrick, or current sources involved in preparing his defense, has expected the indefinite as the associates have been attempting to raise money for a legal defense fund.
Assuming the grand jury's sitting in suburban Westchester County Federal Courthouse votes to indict, Kerrick's expected to surrender to the US marshals tomorrow morning.
According to ABC News, friends of Kerrick are attempting to raise money from as well-heeled associates for a legal defense fund.
It's been difficult given that many of those associates may also have relationships with Rudy Giuliani, who's routinely questioned about his relationship with Kerrick.
Giuliani recommended Kerrick for Homeland Security Secretary in 2004, but his name was withdrawn following charges of corruption.
Giuliani's recently attempted to minimize his knowledge of Kerrick's background time in the AEP.
It was a mistake not checking him out as stories I should have. Right.
According to the New York Times, Giuliani was warned about Kerrick's relationship with a company that had mob connections, even before he chose him as police commissioner in 2000, over the objections of a majority of his cabinet.
However, Giuliani has denied any recollection of the warnings and Kerrick's denomination interview, all I can tell you is that we, him and I, never discussed it.
What he knew where I didn't know, I don't know, he said. I don't know, I don't want to.
Giuliani's also attempted to argue that Kerrick's ordering is mayorality, should be judged on the basis of crime fighting rather than corruption, telling the AEP the ultimate result for the people of New York City was 74% reduction in shootings, a 60% reduction in crime.
If I have the same degree of success in Fator's President, the West's country will be in great shape. Oh my God, he actually said those words.
However, UDino Donald, Professor of Police Studies, who was formerly a police officer and prosecutor told CNN that there's no conclusive evidence that anything Giuliani did was responsible for the drop in crime while he was mayor.
Political analyst Larry Sabato further suggested to CNN that Giuliani, whatever his name is, is attempting to change the focus from corruption to crime fighting,
because that's an area where he feels seeking control the message. On a lighter note, one of the striking writers in the Colbert Report was heard complaining, I hate now working on a day where Giuliani is saying Bernie Kerrick's positive outweighs negatives.
Oh, so, so pretty funny, huh? That's one of the writers. Isn't it amazing that people like Leno and Letterman and Colbert have writers? Oh, the writers' strike is on, they won't be quite as funny anymore.
I mean, how it's all done. I mean, yeah, they don't come up with original material. That's very sad to me. How's that possible? I mean, if they had writers, and I love one of the interviews, I think it was with Leno, where they had one of the writers, over up till three o'clock in the morning every night, brainstorming and...
Right. Wow, sure could fool me. A priest has been arrested on charges of stocky late night talk show host Conan O'Brien. What a segue, man.
By writing him threatening notes on parish letterhead, contacting his parents and showing up at his studio, he's stocking a man.
The Reverend David Adjimian, a priest in the Eric Stice's of Boston was arrested last week while trying to enter a taping session of NBC's late night with Conan O'Brien at New York's Rock of Eleplaza said Barbara Thompson.
They spoke to a woman for the Manhattan Prosecutor's Office. I, Adjimian, referred to himself as your priest stalker in one note and complain of nothing allowed to see in earlier taping of the O'Brien show.
This is this the way you treat your most dangerous fans that O'Brien said? The letters and emails would start to come in September of last year continued even after Adjimian was asked to stop and were intended to cause annoyance and alarm Thompson said yesterday.
I want a public confession before I ever consider giving you an absolute spot on your couch, wrote a Jimian of Simon O'Brien's Padre Thompson said.
O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O'Brien said, O
в
2007
know you'll be pleased to know it hasn't uh... the normal
not i think like three four days now since my last attempt with a dentist
consent is phony may believe my space uh... page
the stalker
six hundred and votes on the pool
we are kicking big smelly uh... something
hotels dot com keeps bugging me if they don't stop bugging me i know i can
uh... block them can i can i go on the email yes
welcome
i don't want your hotels okay i want your emails i don't want your tourists
go away
go away little girl steve lorence and he'd be grown
who is it that's an any more i forget who that was some right and
yes some famous dj
i was a bird
and he'd be grown what
i have that virgin
of the way little girl who you have to buy
donny maria think
all good on you read it and he just donny donny sorry
let's say those names together i know that it's solo career is called i forget
these things
makes
on
to
biomass
avid
without
though
we want
want
yes
He's doing it by the way Steve Lawrence and so is he.
Yeah, I'm not supposed to be.
He's one of the best people on the show that he hard Jews.
Like the line.
Okay, that's enough.
I wonder if he's still alive Steve Lawrence.
I guess so.
Wouldn't that be bad?
You know, his brother was the elevator operator Gulfstein Park Race Track.
How many times have I said that?
About 50,000?
At least I'm Steve Lawrence's brother.
Well, congratulations.
When that's your claim to fame, there's only one thing to say to somebody like that.
Well, congratulations.
Get alive.
Yeah, I wonder if he's dead.
Oh, probably.
It was a long time ago.
The elevator operator Gulfstein Park Race Track used to be Steve Lawrence's brother.
Woo!
16 on a pole.
Chris probably thinks we can make 900 today.
They're on a pole this bad.
620 now.
They're coming in in chunks.
I blow chunks over this pole too.
Believe me, it blows Charlie B.
It's bad.
It's so stupid.
What's the point of it?
One and a half a minute to get to 900.
No.
What do you mean you get to 1000?
2.1.
Not gonna happen.
We don't want to get to 1000.
We'd be embarrassed to get to 1000 on this pole.
We'd be humiliated and degraded.
No, we wouldn't.
We wouldn't race.
What?
No, we wouldn't.
Yes, we would.
Don't give me a solid dance and tell me how to arm.
I'm gonna feel.
Who now are you?
Are you like some kind of a brain police now?
Yeah, that's what I have.
Smuck?
Oh, look at that.
Chris in Pakistan.
Oh, Chris is in Pakistan.
I thought you were going.
I was like, wow, I'm already.
Go say how do I shot Musharraf?
Another one of our buddy dictators.
Another one of our fascist lunatics.
Take out the uniform and make you a better guy.
Okay.
621.
If a child of mine never called the cops on me,
I probably gave him good reason to 213.
I would beat the Schmidt out of 124.
Would lay a guilt trip on him to last lifetime, 96,
would disown him in 144.
Wouldn't love him any less, 38, isn't that sweet?
Would kick him out of the house, 35.
Would write him out of my will, 24.
Would kill the bastard, 22.
Don't have kids that don't want them, 13.
And would never speak to him again, 12 out of 621 vote.
We got just over an hour until we do that two for one deal today.
With Jordan, number one.
And we got, what, 50 of them?
Correct, yes.
What did I call it?
Joseph Sunderwater.
I said, Jordan, well, it's the river Jordan.
That's the water that they're on.
And we'll sell them out.
Stugots, meanwhile, is trying to sell stuff from weeks and weeks from months ago.
Restaurants that have already closed down.
That's one thing I'd be real delirious about advertising on that show.
Because by the time they sell the certificates,
people will be knocking on the door.
You're already closed down.
You're out of business.
Sorry, Stugots,
but you don't belong on the air.
You don't belong on the air.
That's especially a soccer or a radio specialty.
People who don't belong on the radio.
Who don't belong on the air to say hello, goodbye, or anything like that.
Or that leads to my feats or anything like that.
This is the Neal Launcher Show.
This is the brain.
Any questions?
Start holding your nose.
I'm in town today.
I want to see the intidels.
New York, New York.
These are raining dudes.
Once to see has spray.
And eat up sand which made by Jews.
New York, New York.
I want to visit this iconic commercialization of Times Square.
And see that cowboy who sings.
In his underwear.
My boring pursuit.
I will trade away.
For one of those he just that made.
I have no more.
I'll spend time with him.
He ran.
He's tied by a king.
My moon loves you.
New York, New York.
New York.
All the splat may have gone the time baby.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQA.
Happy Thursday to you.
Make the best of it baby.
Take a look around you.
Make the best of it.
Make the best of life.
639 HOT on the pole.
You're doing a big job on your Christmas tree.
The Wendy City is also the most wired.
According to the survey, people in Chicago are the most caffeinated in the USA.
The COG ones eat more chocolate and drink more cola than other U.S. urbanites.
And they're among the top consumers of energy drinks and coffee.
I'm wired.
They're also likely to say caffeine is good for the current of the poll conducted by Prince Market Research.
Tampa, Miami.
Phoenix and Atlanta routed up the top five most caffeinated cities.
My residence is San Francisco, Philadelphia, and New York, Detroit, Baltimore.
Consume the least caffeine.
It's surprising perhaps that some places you'd think have a lot of hustle and bustle like Frisco,
Philadelphia, New York, where in the least caffeinated city said Totsmith,
a spokesman for our health saver, a health care discount service that commissioned the poll.
The survey looked at consumption of coffee, tea, chocolate,
so does energy drinks and caffeine pills in 20 major cities in the U.S.
by interviewing 2,000 people.
Caffeine pills?
Oh yeah.
I know I'm an old funny dead.
I've never heard of such a thing.
All they are an old thing truckers and people have to stay up for long periods like DJs, for example, take caffeine pills.
Caffeine pills?
Overnight shift, sure.
Oh my God, so many pills in so little time.
Pop a couple rush.
That a boy.
Seattle took the top spot and just caffeinated coffee consumption.
Nearly 60% of residents in the city said coffee would be the most difficult caffeine product to give up.
The growing popularity of high-end coffees, energy drinks, and green tea has added to more caffeine consumption around the world according to health saver.
Half of all the people questioned in the poll said they drank coffee every day, followed by 21% drank caffeinated cola.
Oh!
Yorkers in San Francisco's were also among people most likely to say caffeine is bad for you.
More than 70% of people questioned in the poll said they were not addicted to caffeine.
The older the age group, the more likely they were to say coffee would be the most difficult caffeinated product to give up.
I haven't had a cup of coffee in about 500 years.
Yep, I'm having my coffee now.
Why?
Why am I drinking coffee now?
Oh, you're drinking some.
Oh, okay, yeah.
I thought you were giving me no no no.
I'm not drinking some now.
I'm not drinking.
I'm not drinking.
No.
I don't like it.
I'm not saying I don't like it.
A's in the workplace, but President Bush is promising a veto.
See, it is Jessica, yellow.
I like that.
Of course.
Supporters call it a question of basic civil rights for gaze and lesbians, and insist it sends an important message.
To tell millions of Americans who are gay and lesbian, that they are not bad people, that it is not legitimate to...
So your president is going to veto that because he don't like fags.
You know, he's going to continue out on the wise not running for anything, but nevertheless, you know.
The religious right, they don't like those fags, baby, and it's just going to open up the door for them, fag marriages.
And we know it's just a...
Sure.
Oil prices have another record high this week jumping over $2.
I'm fears of dwindling supplies in the U.S.
Projections for a strong worldwide demand and a falling U.S. dollar.
97.07
on Tuesday.
Cool already up more than $2 a morning trade rose further after the Energy Information Administration report showing worldwide demand unchanged despite high prices.
In other words, it's like, you know, they all say about whatever the consumer will bear, whatever the...
That's what it's all about.
If they can get you to pay $20 a gallon for gas, that's what they'll charge you.
Cool to our prices have surged nearly five bulls since trading below $20 a barrel in 2002.
Aimless say, surging global demand combined with limited new supply is the main underlying factor.
They don't want to say about the fact that the abushing is the possibility of what is our raping the world.
They don't want to say that.
That would be a bad thing to say.
The falling U.S. dollars also played a role as oil worldwide is priced in dollars.
Or as Bill Cullen would have said, dollars.
Western Pennsylvania they say, dollars.
Do you know why?
I don't know.
I don't even ask Bill Cullen. He'll tell you. He's dead.
Here's a little more than...
Now, when did this happen? This happened on Tuesday.
Well, this is from yesterday. Do I want to talk about stuff I had in my party yesterday?
Sure, why not? You didn't.
Right.
Did you talk about the high school teacher that got shot?
No.
Sir, do you know Miranda?
Smoke and a cigarette?
Yeah, he's smoking a faggot. See?
And of course, the original story in the Sun Central, or was it in the Herald?
In the Herald, I guess.
Oh, they were enjoying their lunch. They weren't enjoying any lunch.
They were smoking a faggot, you morons.
Enjoying their lunch.
The craft that they write in the newspapers and the garbage they put on these TV and these talking head channels.
It's enough to make your head spin like a freaking drill.
They just can publish. They just make stuff for the opposite go along.
Like on CNN, after every story, whoever the talking head is who's sitting there at the moment,
it got some kind of an editorial comment.
They have to embellish it a little bit with an opinion.
Who gives a crap about their opinion?
Some bitch that's sitting there in a chair.
It wouldn't know a new story if it's bitter on the, uh, booby.
A high school teacher taking a cigarette break was nearly killed by government and tried to rob
while he smoked across the street from Carol City Senior High.
This was on Monday.
Well, today's Thursday already for Christ's sake. What's wrong with you?
I haven't worked much this week. Good. Keep it up.
The teacher identified as Sergio Miranda 43 was wounded in the back and remained in critical condition at Jackson late Tuesday,
but I sure hope he hasn't died in the meantime. That would be bad.
Police said they quickly arrested several people after tips and they can,
I think what I'm going to start doing is like printing out some real old stories from like months ago and put them on.
They'll never know the difference.
You think they'll pay any attention to substance of what I'm reading or not?
No, it's just they want to hear my voice. That's right.
Here's my ex-girls of the room. It's me. I gotta be me.
Police said they quickly arrested several people after tips from the community,
led them to an apartment nearby housing complex at Northwest 37 Abner 187 Street where the suspects were hiding.
By late Tuesday, only one had been formally charged.
Police identified the suspect as Patrick Lively, 19 who lives in the woods from the school.
He was charged with attempted robbery and attempted first degree murder.
I wonder if Patrick Lively?
We were extremely relieved and extremely grateful to the community because they were involved themselves with the police department
and they were going to help stop these crimes so they'd police with them and Nancy Perez.
Well, thank God for that. They got involved for a change. They opened up a mouth.
653 on your marginal pool, man.
Boy, how we've fallen on hard times here on QM at noon, though, we'll see.
Only sell those certificates. Don't forget the link on the left doesn't work for a lot of us.
If you don't work for me, I can tell you that.
So when you go to buy your certificate, go on the right hand column there on QM.com page and you'll see under Danny Boy's picture.
Danny Boy's all over that thing, man. Oh, Danny Boy, he's everywhere. Everywhere.
Let me ask Chris, are you a little bit tired of Danny Boy? Maybe? No. I am.
I liked him a lot when he played. He was a great, you know, even though he was like always pissed off and fired up because the team was confused.
And that's because the brainstem was like, where are we? You know, like that. He was confused. The brainstem.
Now, who was it that immediately followed the brainstem? That wasn't Dave Wonsett. Was it?
Was Jimmy Johnson, of course? Excuse me.
Jimmy Johnson, who talked to a good game, opened up a big fat mouth underline the fat part and was a dud.
The UD dud, as in two-year-cud, Jimmy, you fat cow you.
And then after Jimmy, wasn't it that, is that one Wonsett came in?
Actually, yes. And then after Wonsett was Nick Sabin. Well, it was for half of the season it was the defensive coordinator. And I forgot his name.
Olivia Schwartz? No. Tom Oliver Dottie? Oh, definitely not. That was during the brainstem era. Oh.
Well, anyway, and then of course we went to the Sabin era and everybody hated them like poison and they wanted to lynch his ass. And oh, he went to Alabama good. Well, pack your sandwich.
And now, how do you like the canned caminera? It's unblemished by a victory, baby. It's perfect. Perfecto. Nice going.
Silly person. What is his real name?
Sylvia? Sylvia Cameron.
A day after New York City came up with a thousand dollar bagel. I'm going to butcher all the words in this story, but it's good.
A New York City guy came up with a thousand dollar bagel, a local restaurant to run veiled a $25,000 chocolate someday, yesterday, setting a Guinness World Record for the most expensive dessert.
Steven Bruce, owner of Serendipity 3 partnered with luxury jewelry, euphoria, New York to create the frozen, hot chocolate.
Hot.
Hot.
A blend of 28 cocoa is including 14 of the most expensive and exotic from Ramaglour, Globe.
The dessert spelled with two Rs, frozen with two Rs, FRRZEN, frozen hot chocolate, is infused with five grams of edible 23 karat gold and served in a goblet lined with edible gold.
I didn't know there were such a thing as edible gold. Did you?
Yes.
At the base of the goblet as well as because you're smart, is an 18 karat gold bracelet with one karat of white diamonds.
The Sunday is topped with whipped cream covered with more gold and a side of La Madeline outtruffle from Nipshult chocolate tier, which sells for $2,600 a pound.
What word did you say?
It is eaten with a gold spoon decorated with white and chocolate colored diamonds, which also can be taken home.
It took us a long time to experiment with all the ingredients and flavors and more than three months were needed just to design the golden spoon, Bruce told Reuters.
Four years ago, Bruce unveiled a $1,000 ice cream sundae called Golden Opulence, a staple on his menu in a favor with rock stars, socialites, other celebrities, people with the big bucks to waste their all way down the toilet.
Both desserts are sold only with advanced orders.
Bruce said he's received inquiries about his latest creation, mostly from Europeans, timing to visit New York.
I wouldn't be surprised if we could get a call from Italy, St. Prince, or a Shaw, willing to give something sweet to his many wives on the next trip to the city, Bruce said.
I'm Tuesday, New York's chef Frank Tajog, a Western New York hotel at Times Square, unveiled a $1,000 bagel topped with white truffle cream cheese and goji berry infused, rice-ling jelly with golden leaves.
Sales will help raise funds for culinary school scholarships.
And at night, $1,000 for a bagel.
That's what I would say.
I wonder what Ahmed Inajad would say.
$657 on the pool with creeping along, baby.
It's not good.
Once we've seen God bless America and paste these into G-string up here, I'll do it.
Oh, fuck the beard!
He's bothered in my sense, so he's gotta be.
He is a type of hair.
I need some water.
In any sun, rule.
I don't need water.
And you can sleep in the pool.
It's a component of charity.
Come on, charity.
It's a charity.
Oh, come on, charity.
It's a charity.
You need an approach to meet me my life.
Now I'll never be for me.
Don't share me.
Oh, die sticks in my eyes.
Don't share me.
Baby, I do humanize.
I did not do what you said I do.
Do we have my rights now?
I belong to you.
Come on, it's don't share me.
Come on, charity.
It's don't share me.
Come on, charity.
It's don't share me.
You need a bite.
What is wrong with it tonight?
He's water's 40.
Don't share me.
Come on, charity.
It helps me sleep.
I'm water's 40.
I don't know what he's saying.
I don't know what he's saying.
Come on, charity.
Here, I haven't played in a long time since last week.
I give up.
I'm really since whatever day I work, Tuesday.
Do I get to go?
Tuesday.
You got to be effing.
Kidney, baby, you'll presents.
Yeah.
Pleased for the feats, baby.
That's what they need in that weekend.
He pulled the feats.
He pulled the feats right.
He's pulled the feats.
He's pulled the feats.
That's what I got in me.
Oh, I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Get some, please for your feet.
Six hundred and seventy votes on the pool.
Come on, let's make a seven hundred of a lease today.
So we don't have to go home embarrassed with our head and our hand for something.
Doug Thompson says revolutions must start somewhere.
It's short and to the point.
Remember the fifth and November, the gunpowder treason and plot?
I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot.
That's how it starts out.
That little poem.
Don't you like a little poem?
What's in the book?
I don't like poems.
The English know that Ditty is part of the history of Guy Fox,
who is here with the gunpowder treason and a plot to blow up Parliament.
And Kilkin James, the first, James the Wunth.
Many Americans know the poem from the movie V for Vendetta.
Remember, remember the fifth and November.
We chose to survey.
It's like this got you sand.
Please.
Which told the story of a futuristic England ruled by a desperate with strong parallels
to the presidency of George W. Bush as despotic as they come.
In spite of what fat ass Johnny Joe thinks, who's got a different opinion of our president.
Johnny Joe, by the way, never responded to my emails this morning.
That's okay.
Be better if he never read them in the first place.
Started by a lot of stupid rumors floating around the building.
And by the fact that Norma Kent didn't send me,
give me any heads up yesterday and what the hell was going on.
That figure is, you know, I understand Norma.
And on Monday, the 5th of November, my birthday, no less,
support is a Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul,
used Guy Fox Day to make history.
Donating $4.3 million to Paul's campaign,
a single day online fundraising record for a Republican candidate.
Organized by music promoter and Paul supporter Trevor Lyman,
the fundraising show has strengthened a lot of people suddenly sit up and take a look at Paul,
a long shot candidate with a fanatical following among disaffected voters,
fed up with traditional politics and the domination parties by cookie-cutter candidates.
While Paul's choices of chances for capturing the GOP nomination are still 100 to 1 shot at best,
the show of support by those willing to give money in the voter anger that provides a base of his support can't be ignored.
Status quo politics and the so-called leaders of the system spawns not only angry voters,
but lead to a growing ground swell that signals a growing undercurrent of the satisfaction in America.
Both Bush and the democratically controlled Congress are for the lowest job of approval ratings in history.
Public confidence in the system is failing at all levels.
Americans grow increasingly pessimistic about the future of this nation,
and anger quickly erupts in any discussion of politics.
Anger as in, BAAA!
We're nature guts!
Angry people, baby.
That's what's going on in this world.
All the dog apologize by the way.
Do you see that dog, the bounty hunter?
Your hero? He's an idiot.
Am I my hero?
I thought you liked him.
When did I say that?
You said you loved dogbodies.
I loved dogbodies.
You would be one of those who have a dog with a 100 t-shirt.
But while Hodoranger grows his dogtops in politics in America is still controlled by a traditional system of big-body donors,
powerful special interest in political professionals who have little regard for the world of the people or the future of the nation.
Politics is a business where the bottom line is delivering at least 50.1% of the election results on the first Tuesday of November.
If the system may, it must be manipulated to deliver that bottom line, so be it!
Democracy ceased to exist in this country decades ago if whatever in fact existed,
and the system of government today is a far cry from the Democratic Republic and envisioned by the framers of the Constitution.
The anger that pours 4.3 million dollars into Ron Paul's campaign coffers in the days time is growing and present,
but anger alone can't change the course of American history.
The system still favors the status quo and is controlled by those who benefit most from it.
The story of Fox didn't have a happy ending.
The gunpowder, rebellion and plot failed, Fox was captured in a hung. He was hung.
Tyranny prevailed in England just as it does in America today. Still the English remember the 5th of November,
and so should we, revolutions must start somewhere.
We're revolting, baby. That ought to be our slogan. Let's put up some billboards if they ever came up with some cash,
which they won't. We're revolting at QAM. You don't believe it just tune in. Like tonight.
Wow, we got some stuff tonight. Wow. It's scary. We got the Beast end of midnight to that. Now, who's on tomorrow night?
Well, that's where we got Hurricanes. Is that Hurricanes basketball on the swimming tomorrow?
Correct. Why doesn't it say that? I guess you're supposed to assume that.
We still don't know that. You're supposed to assume stuff? Yeah.
What I know about Hurricanes basketball. I know they didn't need that arena. I'll tell you that they still don't draw flies.
Even if they have manure all over the court, they still couldn't do flies to it.
The same with the Panthers. Maybe 4,000 for that last Tampa game at home a couple days ago.
Maybe 4,000 I was told by a very reliable source.
And the heat you could go bowling in the lower bowl.
You're trying to force feed something, man. They just ain't the interest.
Unless it's something that they can wrap their arms and legs around and say, hey, I'm a winner. Look at me.
Unless it's that, they don't want nothing to do with it. They don't want it.
I'm so glad that I'm not there. You know, life is full of, as you know, issues. We all have our issues.
I got mind-lately sure. Haven't knows that. We all make it. I'm sure.
We all have our stuff. That's like drama club on this.
Yeah. I'm on the drama queen. So why not being a drama club?
You're in the drama club. I never was in the drama club on high school.
Not me either. I wasn't a club kind of guy. Well, there were a lot of people. Now I'd like to club.
Yeah. Give me a big old club sandwich.
Yeah. I'm kind of like that. I said, like, he'd eat the bread.
Don't get diabetic folks because then you can't eat all the good stuff. He need a lot of crap.
I mean, meat isn't crap. A good juicy steak. But how many steaks can you eat? How many lodges can you eat?
You know, like in one sitting.
About 30, man.
Eight or 694. I'd have pulled. I'll say eight if we had eight. We could have that thousand.
Oh, there's what's your name, Julian Moore?
It was born on this Sunday.
I was born on this Sunday.
At about five weeks, I started to see his shoulder twitch a little bit.
Yeah. Well, twitch this, honey.
If a child, I'm not going to read the poor result. I can't do it.
Maybe once an hour, okay? I'm so embarrassed by the fact that I use this.
You know, I had a neurotic day yesterday to put this on here.
Six, nine, the eighth, though. We got 700 Lickchrist.
Cool.
Sorry, I was talking to Doug.
Why?
I was talking to Doug for a second, so.
About why?
You had important things.
Well, I'd get something for Steve Sloan, so.
Steve Sloan?
Yes.
He's still there.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy because he's making you money.
That's why he's a good guy.
Right?
Well, he's not actually, but that's fine.
What do you mean?
No, he learned his lesson and he went above and beyond to make up for it this time around.
He was responsible for that macabre steakhouse.
Well, somebody should have taught him about that ahead of time.
Blame Doug for it.
Okay, go out there and kicked off in the groin.
Wouldn't be the first time.
You might like it.
Don't forget to go see George Saturday night 9-11,
the Tequila Ranch at the Seminal Hard Rock for the Corona Light Elimination Fuzball Finals.
See, that's why it's supposed to be on air.
And if somebody would have told me that in the first place, I mean,
I made butcher a lot of words in these stories, and not I may, I do, I do, do.
But, you know, I mean, I don't claim to be some kind of a genius.
Otherwise, why would I be working for this jerk?
But Elimination Fuzball Finals, that's what it is.
It's supposed to be cute, I guess, huh?
Now, that lime thing, that's a Mexican thing, right?
It's a Latin thing, especially a Caribbean thing, but yes.
And lemon is lemon and lime.
To say, yeah, you just say yellow or yellow lemon?
Yeah.
Yellow lemon.
It's like that yellow jockey strap.
Just like, I can't stop singing it.
I can't stop, very, so I wanted to play it.
Oh, I might just play it any second.
Dad, that's it.
We're going to have time, like when we come back.
Anyway, enjoy from 9-11 PM $5 buckets of Corona Light and Grade Food Specials.
Try your luck with the QM prize wheel for a chance to win Panthe tickets.
Anybody want those?
No.
And the place to be this Saturday night is to kill a ranch with QM and George from 9-11
in the PM.
Have my junior, honey.
See, I even remembered what a G-Exel is.
Well, you know, I'm certain that I'm not a fan.
I'll visit like Target, that other guys are usually hiding from what they realize.
They want their toes in a happily exiled, they can hear no chance.
What's life in sport?
But we can still hear their beer.
By talking about sports while drinking a beer, they desire a course to be a selfish, queer, or something.
Yellow, jock's crap.
Yellow, jock's crap.
Yellow, jock's crap.
And we're going to hear sports all day.
Yellow, jock's crap.
Good-bye, if you hear, it's up to nightly gay.
Anyone who wants to hear your sports will stink in day.
If you're streaming about a lot of room, go to the shower spray.
Yellow, jock's crap.
Hey, how about the golfants?
What a gay made play.
And some ladies kid with the hurried games.
You talk about it all the time.
And you with bagging, I'm afraid.
You like yellow, jock's crap.
Shooting and burning out, warning shows.
No interest in learning about radio.
Just the sausage party for a huge quarter of the bowls.
Who like yellow, jock's crap.
Yellow, jock's crap.
Yellow, jock's crap.
Sport holds his knees, who oughtin' out.
Yellow, jock's crap.
Yellow, jock's crap.
To be in your mouth.
Sport, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines, spines...
Spores all day, makes you gay.
Spores all day, makes you gay.
Spores all day, makes you gay.
1132 at 560, nobody can remember us.
It's 729 votes on a very crappy pool.
I'm gonna tell you we can do that we can do anything we can conquer the world trust me anybody believe it
Anybody buying it. Oh, I'm not selling it
729 pretty weak
We'll do that. I bet you I bet your foot. You don't get 729 votes in a month on those polls
He puts on that stupid poll is who do you think is got ED on the footage show Johnny Dolan at master control
Jesus God it's scary, you know when you come right down to it not as scary as the fact that chicken
I can't get paid by these deadbeats, but it's scary
There's no he put in the FedEx envelope boy really disturbing his attorneys got over 24 or 5 hours in the continuing case of
The beastly deadbeat matter. Thank God. He's got an attorney friends. I mean otherwise. What would be the point? Right?
He'd be in the minus column already
It's for the
It's
I got to have that at tomorrow morning. I think you will if I show up tomorrow
I'm not talking about six in the morning
I guess what you're not gonna care about it. I'll ask you do I give you a long notice before did I can't believe he asked you that
I mean what kind of a question is that I get a lot of notice before you I have to do the show
You don't have to do the shows is that you bailed me on a couple of a squirrely day. I know that
Well, you're the best
In fact, well, I'm not gonna make any promises. You know, maybe I'll send you that check. I was gonna send
Well, that's right. He's sent for six years anyway supported my family for a long time. I
Well, you're responsible for me having this job, aren't you?
Well, I'm supporting a lot of people in you. Do you how many people I'm supporting?
Too many let me count them right now
I'm not that that sounds tacky. I don't know because I don't want to even because they might be listening and I feel bad
I don't feel bad. I do it willingly. I'm very happy to you know help the people I care about and some I don't even care about
Like half a Mexico, but that's beside the point they need my help going. I think the northern half
I think the northern half of Mexico. How about the southern half that I'll just got all flooded in everything just buy the birth control
You'll be doing them a favor that would be the best thing for all of Latin America all the world, baby
For civilization couldn't hurt either birth control
740 on that anxious pull man
740 where would he come up with a stupid pull like this?
Huh? I think he pulled it out of his ace. If a child of mine ever called a cops on me, I would blank
If Neil ever put that pull on I would blank. I take a huge dump right in the middle of my kitchen right on the floor and
Watch everybody slipping and sliding
But it was a song that was in my mind before one of those short fat fanny wasn't it?
There was Larry Williams. I got that here somewhere
In fact, maybe I could take some time kill some time. I looking for it. Was it does slip sliding away? No, it was not
Yes, the Paul Simon. Yes
Oh
Man, you are so devious. You just can as a finger on it
Little Paul Simon. Oh, he's to be really good, you know before he went to Africa and started
I love that stuff too. I like all this stuff. There you go. Yes
You like his stuff. I like his stuff. I like his joke like Marky Mark. I like his stuff
At least I used to anyways probably probably about 80 years old by now
That's when you know you're really getting old
That's a good barometer man all the people like the movie stars the TV slums that used to really admire and enjoy a lot and
Then you see them and they're not 90 years old and then you realize oh, guess what I'm 90 years old too
I
Still keep thinking about that guy that had the drool coming out of his mouth at wood buying oh
That's gonna be me next because my last couple of trips to woodbine have been really not good
That's good and you're the one that talked me into playing those stupid $5 machines man me or was it Christmas?
What are you guys maybe was a man? I?
Mean the upside is there there's no question you can make more before if you get some bad machines
Mod if they aren't paying you can lose so much and so fast every time you're hitting the button it's ten bucks
Yeah, that old bitch said I was sitting on the plotter self-damaged to me
You see how fast he puts a hundred dollar bill and it's gone and then less than a minute
In my right to get bitch. Yeah, what's it to you and nasty old bitch?
You need not get old slut get that out of here
Go you know
Healthy human race and put some of your money into the machine to get out of here
I know for the life man. They're gonna be more understanding
There's a whole breed of people in these places and they most of the time they spend in there is just watching other people play
What what's the enjoyment of that there are lots of people who watch other people play games?
I'll talk about those kind of games. I mean that can be whatever anymore
What's stimulating about watching people play it's the all the same you know what's like?
It's like a people are watching poker on TV. It's all the same
Watching other people play games when you could be doing it yourself. Oh, now you're talking about all of it
No, I'm on this station. They know for games. You know something just after Joe Bell said they were gonna
We have my deal for 20 years and pay me 40 million a year and you're you're alienating us with the sports element
You're screwed. I'm an alienating norm can't really a stuck with me yesterday
But not letting me know that he'd send me the email today after I sent Johnny Joe a couple of caustic
Well one cost to email and then I said I'm a second one to try to like tone it down a little bit
Like Jesus because there are all these ugly rumors floating around it
You don't want to renew the deal because the companies pissed off and he'd said it and so on
Well, you know what I don't I don't care
I'm not here to like please that the beesleys are Joyce
I'm here to do an entertaining radio show at some day. I just do it again if they let me do it
I would do it. Well, they let me do it. No, it's so I'm doing the best I can
The company is pissed off at Neil. He did my too far. That was the last straw when that stuff about the
Miss payroll
I'm not the one to miss the payroll
I'm not supposed to be paying everybody into works for these cheap. I just supposed to shut up about it
Oh, I see well, I'm not gonna do it. I don't want I don't want I do like that. I don't want
Make to do this story
Chicago's police department is investigating officers use of a taser last month come on. Let's hear it. Don't taste me, bro
On an 82 year old woman who police say was swinging a hammer a hammer when they arrived
He was swinging the hammer
She must have been strong as an ox. I'll say that was funny
Louis and Fletcher was rushed to the hospital after being jolted by the taser last week, which he's been released. Thanks God
Officials with the city's department on aging went to a home October twat 29th to make a welfare check and called police when they saw
Fletcher in a window swinging a hammer police spokeswoman Monique Bonn said Tuesday Monique
Officers arrived in the attempt to subdue Fletcher one of them used a taser Bonn said the department is trying to determine whether the officer
Violated Department policy on use of stun guns
Fletcher said Tuesday that officers pushed their way into a home. They shocked me she said
Fletcher at times out of confused during the telephone interview
I want to see O 82 her granddaughter Tracy Taylor told his Chicago sometimes that her grandmother has schizophrenia and dementia
Oh like we do at QM. We all have dementia
Like that. We're all crazy is a bed bug
My grandmother is easily easily confused what we only got about 20 minutes before we get that Neil deal thing going
Don't forget the icon on the left has been sabotaged again courtess
You're not getting no check for me in December courtess unless you get that thing fixed by noon. Okay work on it. You idiot
He listens doesn't he
Usually must but I used to mind that when I say the word check all of a sudden his ears open up real wide
My grandmother is easily confused Taylor told the news paper writing that the woman can be belligerent
But it's about five feet one ways more than no more than 160
I just don't think they should be tasing 82 or woman that's ridiculous Taylor said
Taser is used compressed nitrogen to fire two barbed darts that can penetrate clothing to number a 50,000 volt shock to immobilize people
Tounted by law enforcement officials has less lethal in other ways as subduing the better people in higher situations
The weapons are come under criticism nationwide after they were blamed for several deaths. They're not just shoot the old bitch, okay?
Don't shoot me, bro
In
2005 the police superintendent at the time suspended the distribution of stun guns after deaths of two people who have been hit by police with tasers
This is in Chicago today about 150 field training officers are said to be issued new tasers and about 200 sergeants have had the weapons for about five years
The human rights group and the international's voice concerns that police departments are starting to use tasers more routinely
rather than in cases of serious danger when in doubt pays them out
Taser used by police to national attention recently when police stunned in the rest of the University of Florida student after his fervent
videotape outburst and event with senator John Kerry in September
After his fervent videotape outburst George oh
Sorry, don't take me bro
In Ohio a patrolman accused of repeatedly jolting a woman who'd been arrested with a taser gun faces a disciplinary hearing tomorrow
The woman had been arrested because she was acting unruly at a bar if you act unruly man
They're gonna taste your ass
Don't think they get teased you used to get teased in high school how you get taste
The odd
Hanging up
It's a
But John must it's a top of the field he took a picture of what he by myself
Like me with him
I guess like catalogues later in his like work of girls creepy
Lettuce you don't know where his hands been
He really is I have been
What they did
David Kapafield
Well, it's you know, and this is what it is in the level on that that was pretty low too. And you run away. I'd keep it quiet too
7.74 on the poll on award winning new rogers.com and about 14 minutes boy look at the menu from Joseph son of water
Wow, I'm pissed off it. I'm out there. Are you got food yet? Yeah? Yeah? Oh, you do have food
Well, what do you got let's share about it? I got some seafood risotto in here. Then there was some
Risotto. What is it?
Stakes of some stictive sartine I believe is what it is. What do you want?
One more team means with
Spinach that's what it means when spinach so I passed it along or you know I spinach
I like to fight a bit the small one spinachia. I love
I want to be around people that have had it recently
Wow, and what else?
Oh, it's two to tar tar which is not for you. So I'll take your portion not for me. I'll take the
right this and some crab cakes are really good. Mmm. I
Think those are crab cakes are potato cakes something potato cakes with my own crab cakes. That's what it is
Well menus unbelievable. I got all kinds of beautiful meats and pasta and great appetizers like
escargo and clams casino they got the most is Rockefeller and Caprici alamotsarra
the fried dinners and seats for your seats combinations and seafood dinners and all kinds of good stuff
lobster tails fresh main lobster
Good-looking menu. Let me tell you that Joseph's on the water and if you want to buy the certificate you water
Every fried order what is it? But I would and honors like I know what it is
I mean I know what looks like it's like a beaver but it's um I beg your pardon
It's not unlike a beaver in appearance, but it doesn't have that flat tail
It's got whiskers. They do have whiskers, but they they can exist in the sea and they can exist in rivers and lakes too
Well, how do you like that?
What is George's like a walking in cyclopedia?
But everything except games other people play I know how to play them
I just don't know who else is doing it, you know for money. What do you mean by that?
I mean, I know the rules to all these games and I played all these games
What games what do you name it? You name it like sports card games
Any kind of game that you can name or cheesy. Yeah, sure. I'll play part cheesy
I don't want to watch anybody do it
I don't want to watch anybody play games eat or have sex these are all fun things to do
You don't want to watch anybody have sex is no in the world that you wouldn't want to watch have sex
Not not when if given a choice of having sex with them
Well, no, why not I know wait see that that's the problem you you turn obviously
Giving the choice of having sex with them if it's somebody that you'd want to see having sex and stuff is something that would drive you up the wall
Sure, it's closest I could get on the actually well right
Maybe maybe
785 baby maybe baby buddy Holly here's buddy Holly on Q.A.M. and maybe baby I'm watching them have lesbian sex sure
What about the buddy Holly you got that or not? You know what maybe maybe you don't have if you have that I'll I'll plots
A lot of plots going on is what we hear a Q.A.M. lot of rumors around the halls I'd start sitting around like Red used to do Joe and find out who the mole is we got a mole in the building speaking over otters
Maybe baby I can't believe you guys have this on brunch with collector by what what are they on?
If anybody would know that lady
Look at Brian. Oh
I'm saying give me me buddy Holly the fuck is daddy. Oh, he's still there
I
Let me look that up in the book. I want to be sure. I'm right all right
If he wouldn't have died
Funny Holly in the cricket baby that'll be today
Let's see that'll be the day
On runs with record just like a little tax it Peggy suit was on pull and Raven
Are we gonna hear that will be the day. No, I knew a Peggy suit
Did you read when she hated that song?
Because because everybody always sang it to her when they found out what her name was
He did do it. He did it. She hated it. She's strangled you if you brought it up that'll be today was a number one head
That's not the pop this Peggy suit. Yeah, I'm doing the fuck up for the rocks. I didn't sound for me
Like I said, it's good that he's didn't buddy Holly. It's good because otherwise you'd meet a lot more
We're a horrible recording to are we gonna hear yeah, it sounds like they're in a broom closet. What are you gonna do?
I'm a closet buddy
What we looking for that'll be the day was their only number one hit buddy Holly the crickets come on you can do it
16 weeks on the charts August 19, 1957
And there's no talk
I'm gonna say
Look at that
Just become the movie
Why didn't you have the name I don't know maybe this
Well
Was all over he took each shot
If he wouldn't have stepped all over the record like that he'd got shot
Did I mention you I'm sure I did know about it
I'm asking you for a key to keep saying he's an old fart until I know and like that
He said nobody's answering the phone. I said could we don't take calls record your listen to the show
He's a good guy to work shy on some hero. I guess he was sung a
Little bit
790 on the pool. That's a bad old man there right there Joel Feinberg probably a dollar gusty that all up 790
On the pool and I make you want to vomit sure a little bit. Don't forget we got less than three weeks now or less than two weeks
Oh, baby the pressure is building maybe baby two weeks from yesterday. We got the book
No, not the book trend the book I
book my ass that thank you for the first trend of the
Fall book it's October so it's August September October and we still are gonna be dog by that horrible
August and we get you know
It's one thing the end of a month where you have a wired diaries. It's another month where you don't get any diaries where they stick it to you, you know
It's like a message a message month. Oh, we hate you. We're gonna vote for everybody else while screw you
795 and a pool we're going over 800 by the top of the hour and then what?
9 950 I think about 9 950 WBBF Rochester home of the busy bees baby home of the busy bees
Nick Nixon and
Morton Usbaum that he was not
Joe Dean Joe Dean was on the home of the busy bees
Well, I heard so much bad radio as a child
Why did I ever want to be in radio as a bad mistake like WS a wine Rochester like most of us we think it's glamorous
You know from the outside and you know I was offered a job at WS a wine Rochester
I turned it down. I was like a punk kid. I didn't go back to every day
John Johnson and Tommy Thomas and Eddie Edwards and
Like that
Here's one that says be late at happy birthday enjoying the show but we're too busy to call
Oh, if you're enjoying the show, they know we don't take any calls, okay?
Who is the president say Joe
And morning, dude Joe John John in the plant slots for morning do in Delray Beach wheat
Well, do do do you think I've ever kind of slut what plants let's plant sloths?
What if you have plants in your pants
The other day was I'd be a good pull what's worse plants in your pants or ants in your pants?
Or hands in your pants. I guess it depends on whose hands there. Maybe they're Larry Craig's hands in your pants. Oh my god
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport bathroom
There's another story that kind of faded pretty fast, you know, he's not leaving
But they want they don't want you to know that they don't want you know he's still alive. Oh, he oh Larry Craig
He died didn't they tell you he died. Yeah, sure
797 ever fly one of those
787 no
No, well, I haven't made him yet
What is 797? Yeah, you know, I got to start I better go to my European trips pretty soon again because the day is coming not that far off when you're not gonna be able to afford
I mean a buck in a half almost 146 on the euro and
And this is a scandal not just that the a Dow and down three hundred and some points down another 70 day by the way
The S&P is down for that jackass that's trying to pedal me stocks the S&P is down way down
Down yonder in New Orleans. That's Freddie Cannon boom boom cannon. I bet you got that I don't know 7.43 the Canadian
Illunic and the euro 146 91 almost 147 and the pound is over 210. Oh my god
Wait, you gotta let it go to the public was whoo
Ah
He doesn't do
Napol oh
I
Don't get enough
I do like Palisades Park though
Who the only song the only song that I like better the only version I like better was
Alien party. I'm gonna play that at the break. I like that
First of all, I can't wait to see it's out of luck for my five-minute
Freddie Boo-Bong can and I wonder if Bobba Lou is still dead
Bobba Lou is a very short song
Fortiss thing is him one fitting now. I was pretty close to it were the gas hole man
Okay, it's commercial that's enough
Four minutes to moon if you want to look
You're here and another week another great restaurant offer coming up in a couple of minutes
I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome on our
My
Will he still be coming out the power to the dyes
Will they've been both planes in that the same time?
Will he be there?
Still be
Will he adopt the cat?
I don't think he'll want to move back to Florida
16
Make you stand with you
Nothing around in his underwear
It's indicated worldwide on the satellite
Beats
He's spending most of his time
Unchin at Fort wine
Deepening his time filled
Rewriting his last will when he'll 16 you line
He's gonna spend a lot of time in the down the boiling
Or is that too weird?
He'll be an old angel
How much older, cranky girl?
With a blue oil in his shoe
Will he retire or be on the air?
On sport-hole radio
Will he win a lot of every young puckel?
When new 16
Join
Travel to a five sixty w. We got twenty eight left we sold twenty two at about a minute or two
I like that for Josephson water and you water
Raid states raid seafood
Nice atmosphere. They got the the grand piano the man tinkling the keys like big Wilson
Guys tinkering on the keys
No, it's a large although you can tip
Hello
Hello big
He's dead
That's who that
He wrote something there was a guy with how was his name he had the New York steakhouse Marty Sussman
God, what a memory I've got
Marty Sussman was a big fat guy which I'm sure he's dead too and he owned a place called New York steakhouse
The first one was over on the beach and then he brought it back on this cane like around a hundred and something
And it was great and big Wilson used to take a lot of the piano in the New York steakhouse
Long gone I'm sure many years ago
That was a great place
They owe twenty five we got up we sold half of them in like two or three minutes nice going to you
Thank you
Well, I mean how can we not sell this out and you know something we've already sold more of these well that's two gods
And what his problem is
You know what they have like audience that's your problem stew gots and your partner in crime there the fake Dan LaBanstra
They don't have to worry we'll be their son
We'll be where with the same no audience come on
Let's have a more have a more optimistic attitude positive we're not gonna have enough years
We have twenty five left that I Joseph's on the water and after you guys who will then and the shmurkel over all the great delicious food
You think these people will be like lined up for me and they're the Jacksonville to buy these things
I'm not gonna every Thursday I go through the same agony okay right because because that's me because I'm a drama queen
And because twenty four you see just relax look the other way don't look at that stupid ass thing watch
I'll get some treats for my feet and then we'll go eat them and we'll go eats right and we have some real treats and some meat
Right and I'd be needs
Wait till you hear this speaking on the this is this is so typical man
Hoping to add a major downtown
This is hysterical
Hoping to add a major downtown tourist attraction the burgeoning Bayfront entertainment district
The Dave County Commission voted today the study construction of a fancy Ferris wheel at the port of Miami
All right
Oh my God
You want to go there not a fancy fancy first wheel a fairy wheel a fairy wheel that's right you're fairy wheel
Wheel County managed your George Burgess old liberty feasibility study by early February
Little discussion before the end of past by an eight to one vote commission or not talk to a say house voted against it citing security concerns
And maybe because who the hell wants to go to the port of Miami anyway unless they're a crazy person
23 they're one by the ones that the first flash on it went from 30 to 33 we sold 17 like like that
Anyway getting back to the fairy wheel the idea was proposed by commissioner Carlis Jimenez who said the wheel could be Miami's version of the London I
Or as the Brits are found to say the London
Which has become that city's most popular paid tourist attraction others are being built around the world including a potential record set
In China for next year's Olympic Games Mon
Unlike old fashioned carnival rides the new observation wheels usually feature enclosed climate controlled bubbles
But slowly take past years hundreds of feet in the air
Communism's hope is that a private company would build and operate the wheel as well as nearby stores and restaurants and share some revenue
With the county exchange for receiving donated land and if you're really nice to them it'd be though it's just spin the wheel
And for those days
Yeah spin the wheel those days we still do that we still do that
Oh yes cheesy man that is so cheesy prices are cheesy you know with the way we do it's a cheesy you want to spin the wheel
Okay, let me come over and spin the wheel
The London I which opened in 2000 cost more than 120 million bucks and has become that country's most popular paid tourist attraction
More than three and a half million pay about 30 dollars and 50 cents for the 30 minute ride
About 30 man
Which pays about 440 feet over the south bank of the River Tams
We'll see if it's a good idea or not him in this at last month I know there gonna be some negatives
But it sounds to me like it'd be a great for Dave County. Oh, it's a great idea sure put it in there man
Go steal the money somewhere and put it in there go print up some 40 money let the mayor's kid make some more counterfeit money
This time thousands
21
We're not a 21 I mean we sold 29 about six or seven minutes. It's not so bad man is it
But there's those crazy pack ease there waving her arms there. I brought the hot dog. Oh that's the wrong guy
The number
Organization
How about when we wanted me person who seems capable of doing that is this woman former prime minister Benizio Bouto
She says she's a headgear by the way
Notice they've all got really snappy a designer headgear over there in the packies really something 21 we got
I think we're doing a pretty good rate isn't this one of the best that we've done in a long time
It is even the law Chris yeah
Yeah, you're just so remember how we've done with the other one so eight nineteen on the pool
We're gonna make nine fifty it's the last thing we do if we have to stay out if we have to preant the mad dog today
If we have to preant the Humper and which I'm sure he wouldn't care. I don't think mad dog would either you think why is that he pissed off
No, you don't have no problem if we have to prevent them for the while no
He's he is a bigger expert that I'm in not working the only worse like 60 it's in his contract a specific number of days only 60
I hear you learn from you if they work in more than 60 days you have to pay like a hundred million dollars in small installments of course and that's the money that's supposed to go to chicken neck
820 on the pool
Okay, I'm gonna put Christian charge of this again because it's bad it's bad for my
Mimic health no, it's just bad for my mental health to come on here and beg and plead and goose these people on there's 21 left
Okay, if we don't sell all those 50 we're gonna get stugats again then then they won't fear us that'll be bad
Now wait until you hear this story talk about rationalizations from the Washington Post
Curing excess pounds does not increase the risk of dying from cancer or heart disease researchers say
You hear that? Oh my god
All these years they've been saying oh your fat you're gonna die from a heart attack like fat rich
I probably shouldn't plan but you know fat rich reminds me of my mother
Yeah, they were both fat and they're both dead all she lived in 91
I don't know how old Richie was when he died but he's dead and I'm glad I wasn't there to track that night that that's just one of those things
You don't want to be there when somebody croaks here? Have you ever been around when somebody croaked?
No, I've been fortunate enough to miss that right we too. How about you Chris? Nope. I've been around with somebody almost croaked but then we stopped it. Yeah
Oh, take me I think for two minutes my phone's right. Uh-oh. Who's it gonna be? I know what I can play
Please hold the feet
It's I'm a little bit
It's photos. That's what I got me some treats as can say cleats. I'm not
It's for the
He
Probably a little sweet. It's for the only one I'm tired of that I got me some
Cleats as can say cleats. What do you think I was doing all morning long?
How long do you think this phone call is gonna take? Probably by another minute and a half. Thank you Joseph for the food
He had to run out and make up his blood. Yes, very is that what it was?
And stuff went to buy a certificate talking about it. We're all gonna go or something. You get a free one? Yeah, I'm not a free one. All right, we can all go.
Which is exactly what we want to take.
We're all gonna go where? To Joseph's on the water. Cause you said we ought to. We water.
Down to 20. You okay? What? You did a fall did you? I did not fall. My bottle of dye coke from I always have the cap sealed tightly.
Well that's good. I don't want to stay in the carpenting.
What the coke? Will you listen to me? This is an important story. You're probably gonna like go out and although the diabetes thing kind of slows this down. It's bad.
Being overweight boosts the risk of dying from diabetes and kidney disease but not cancer or heart disease and carrying some extra pounds actually appears to protect against the host of other causes of death.
Federal researchers finally said, how do you like that? Huh? All these years they've been saying, lose some weight.
Like hand-bank crop for a screaming in front. So remember that? Yes. In the opening scene.
Lose some weight. You set up a bitch. Lose some weight.
Of course he didn't mind cause he was laying there in the coffin very dead.
So the counter intuitive findings based on a detailed aimalization of decades of government debted and about more than 39,000 Americans
supports the conclusions of a study the same group did two years ago that suggested that the ages of being overweight may be less dire than experts thought.
How do you like that? When a doubt go pick up and don't get diabetes.
The take home message is that the relationship between fat and mortality is more complicated than we think.
Ten to ten said, Catherine M. Flegal, a senior research scientist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta who loved the study.
That name is almost as amusing as lip-shits.
Catherine Flegal. What word did you say?
I mean if that was your name wouldn't you change it if your name was lip-shits? I mean, oh no I would love it.
I'm being careful the way I'm saying that. I'm thinking of changing my name to it.
It is not a cookie cutter one size fits all situations where excess weight just increases your mortality risk.
For any of the causes of debt said Catherine Flegal.
The study published today in the Urinal of American Medical Association was greeted with sharply mixed reactions.
Some praised it for providing first-waste evidence that the dangers of fat have been overblown.
What this tells us is the hazards have been very much exaggerated since Stephen Blary, professor of exercise science epidemiology and bio-stats at the University of South Carolina.
It's just not as big a problem as people have said.
But others dismissed the findings as fundamentally flawed, saying an overwhelming body of evidence has documented risk of being either overweight or obese.
We still got plenty on there by the way.
Yeah. Well let's go let's go let's get with it.
Sixteen you idiot.
Why? I had to refresh.
Here is slow man fat and the slow go gland and I was listening to your story and I had a reflection.
It's just Robert said Peter will a professor of epidemiology and nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health.
It's just a little Christmas say there's no increased risk of mortality from being overweight.
From a health standpoint it's definitely undesirable to be overweight.
Not the fact. And I forget about the fact it looks like crap.
Fat people we're you know we don't look at Chris.
We look you know we look what fat.
Oh good.
Down I'm out and rolled in a run down shack.
You got to do it better than being right and happy in fact.
Doesn't sell up break in a Christian way after hanging up the pillars that they thought was gay.
Life like like a rabble but you found some to do some man or a tan.
Stand as easy may your boat come and I forbid in the fine church going dresses lick it he split.
At the first back of church up the dance of green they got the light drinking out.
Met the pet of me so fly fly like a rabble but it's not gonna do it some man or a tan.
So freak out.
Stand like a draped old hat down.
Breathe as much as you're able to move around.
Your baby sister looks good.
But be proud and do like Jesus would.
Life like like a rabble but it's not gonna do it some man or a tan.
And it isn't that same.
It's Christian run well you know they gave the rolling to the indridden dog.
He's fellow friends that figured it for it makes it vote on you.
We vote to name of their lord.
Education is the devil and it's not gonna do it some man or a tan.
I judge today's young man down the truck before they're fine with the poodle boys and gouts taking their lives.
Can't in any government's other fried crates for troubles in each other.
Jesus Christ.
You do a big proud.
You're 25% allowed when the baby sister looks around.
Four of them hold the interval down.
You pass the pre-mortem.
Now they're not a butt date because God's gonna do it some man.
For it's him.
Come 19 at 560 nobody come down.
Did I mention today that the a cheesecake bank resucks?
I didn't mention it but not lately.
Well I should mention it again.
We got 14.
14 for Joseph's on the water and you water.
Because they're gonna go once they're gone they're gone.
That's what Tommy says.
Once they're gone they're gone.
And we only got 14 left.
So I'll let the crates like I said keep your thumb on it.
We'll do.
If a child of mine ever called the cops on me that's our stupid ass bull from Charlie B today.
And we have 839 votes.
That's amazing to me.
It's shocking.
If a child of mine ever called the cops on me I'd probably give him a good reason to do 250.
Would beat the Schmidt out of him to 12.
There you go.
Would lay a guilt trip on him to last the lifetime.
On 06.
Don't have kids don't want them.
58.
That's the late edition move and zoom in up.
Would disown him.
50.
Wouldn't love him any less.
48.
We kick him out of the house.
43.
Would write him out of my will.
33.
Would kill the bastard.
24.
And would never speak to him again.
15.
Another 839.
Joseph's is still stuck on 14.
See that's the thing that frost my ass.
For these people.
They're a little slow.
That's all right.
Means we sold 36 of them in the first like you know 15 20 minutes.
New York Times says.
It's time for Congress to repeal a law that prevents students with marijuana convictions from receiving federal financial aid for college.
That's what the New York Times editorial board said in an opinion piece.
Anything that keeps ex-offenders from attending college makes it more likely that they'll be caught in a revolving door that leads to prison rights at times.
Tens of thousands of people have been pushed in that direction since the 1990s when Congress passed a law that barred even minor drug offenders from receiving federal education aid.
Although the editorial points out that Congress last year struck a strike portion of the law barring it for individuals so as offenses to replace more than 10 years ago,
it insists that the rest of the provision should be scrapped as well.
When it does scrap it out baby, scrape it out.
And we're not talking about your record.
Well that can't hurt either.
The law is wrong-headed on several counts that primarily a fast-low income student and exempts the wealthy who don't need aid to attend college continues the time.
It targets young people of color who are disproportionately prosecuted for drug offenses and already less likely to complete college.
Even relatively small-time offenses for which criminal courts typically only need out probation fines or community service orders can render an individual temporarily ineligible for aid.
The current provision passed by Congress as part of the 1998 Amendment to the Higher Education Act of 1965 was proposed by Representative Mark Souter, the legislation was signed in law by President Clinton.
In 2006 Congress revised the law again, scaling it back so as to pertain only to those convicted of marijuana crimes while currently receiving aid.
That amendment was tacked down to a deficit reduction package slashing $12.7 billion from federal student loan programs.
Federal college aid was never intended to be used as a weapon of enforcement, concludes the times, and the attempt to employ that way inevitably results in perverse and unintended results.
The ACO given a coalition of organizations critical of US drug policy of previously called for the laws or appeal.
You can't complain about the sanity of US drug policy because there isn't any.
It's insane. They're lunatics baby, they're maniacs.
I'm thinking of free drugs for everybody now, especially if they work at QAIM. We're still stuck on 14 now. Every week we get to a certain number and we just get stuck.
These are $100.50 if it's only $50.00 for Joseph's on the water. And for 100 bucks you can get a lot of good stuff there man.
I'm not going to pay any attention. I keep saying that but of course I do. I get psychotic about it because I don't think it is a slap in the face. You know how you feel?
See anything else like our fine sponsors, I mean we put the stuff on, we talk about it whatever, and we hope for the best.
We hope that they go out there and patronize our fine clients, etc. and spend their money. But we don't get an immediate response or lack of the rub like we do on this thing.
12th, the dirty dozen baby, we got a dozen left. Not a baker's dozen, just a dirty dozen.
We should be able to do that by 1 o'clock. What do you think?
Yes.
Oh yeah.
That's here. Freddie can't it again.
Why?
Well here's another uphol.
Well you know it's already the 9th, 8th November.
And you know how we're going to get denuged now because January, early January starts with the earlier caucuses and primaries and all of these.
All of these stupid ass things.
So that's all we're going to hear about now because they start you know 20 years ahead of time.
More than 8 and 10 Republicans and more than half the merry men in a new USA to the Galapal.
So they definitely will not vote for Hillary, swallery Clinton for president.
The poll provides an early snapshot of who's really our Clinton and Winston Barack Obama.
Clinton who tops national polls and Democrats is strongest within her party.
Only 10% of Democrats say they will rule her out nearly three times when he said they wouldn't vote for Edwards.
The new poll filed a Clinton would defeat Rudy Giuliani in a hypothetical matchup.
Still some Democrats wonder whether she's potentially unelectable or a drag on candidates lower on the ballot and rivals such as Edwards say they're better bets.
In a general election the poll suggests that Clinton has the least potential for winning votes from Republicans.
84% say they definitely would not vote for her compared with 610 for either Obama or Edwards.
Independent short-a-least resistance to Obama and the most resistance to Edwards.
They don't like that slicked down hair baby.
The poll found that 36% of women wouldn't vote for Clinton compared with 50% of men and 55% of married men wouldn't touch her with your thing.
Obama had comparable appeal to women and more to men.
Clinton's appeal overall falls as income rises, the reversal findings for Obama.
In other words if you've got some income there, if you're like smart, you know you got some cash, you're smart.
Then you vote for Obama. If you're dumb you're like oh well swore, wasn't she married to what's his name?
What's his name?
Volster Mark Pente top Clinton's strategy says Clinton's strength against the U.P. hopefuls is growing.
With candidates who are lesser known, typically we see the opposite pattern happening, he says, citing 2004 nominee John Kerry as an example.
Pente also says the repeal of Republican women is rising and nearly a quarter of them could defect her in a general election.
Clinton's unfavorable rating in the poll was 45% versus 31% for average and only 30% for Obama.
About 30, man.
A fairly substantial number of ordinary voters have doubts about her said Jack Pitney.
I wonder if he's full brother to Jean Pitney, a talented outpiddy baby.
Jean Pitney, a political scientist, a clear-minded mechanic caused near LA.
Even so he and others say that doesn't mean Clinton is unelectable.
Political scientist John White, a Catholic university in Washington, says she benefits from the demise of Republican brand and trends such as
more minority and single voters.
Overall, 43% in the poll would not vote for Clinton top reasons they don't like her, her husband or her views.
Retired Professor Charles Bilberry of Harrisonburg, Virginia 65, a GOP-linear moderate recalls Clinton abrasive.
She's an abrasive bitch.
Mm-hmm.
Other cyclans' marriage.
My biggest reason is she put up other husband actors affair with Monica Lewinsky says Republican Betty News, 77.
Does that amuse yous?
A retired nutrition director in New London, North Carolina.
Political scientist Gerald Benjamin.
At the State University of New York at New Pulse, his old scandal certainly will surface an Democrats nominate her.
Mark Melman carries Pulse her in 2004, so they won't matter much.
People know who she is, there's not a lot you can tell him's going to change their fundamental perception.
They just don't like her.
I like the Wii Wii.
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport bathroom.
The Idaho Senator later pleaded guilty to disorderly, closeted homosexual.
So, what happened in that men's room?
I tried to take it in, my seat, and it was a very, very big f***.
You knew what you were doing, and it's clearly on the tape, man.
What I said and how I react.
The tape he's referring to was recorded in a men's room.
So, they were my pants, okay?
Spread my legs.
Yes, now take it.
Soliciting anonymous sex.
Gilday, you heard my voice, and so that tape is the truth.
And he jerked me out.
No.
Yes, and I'm going, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Let me stop you for a few sec.
Finally, I began to f*** the gentleman.
You f*** this undercover officer.
Yes.
I call it Gladiator Politics.
Senator, I traveled the gay bars in Washington.
Soliciting gay sex.
Absolutely.
Resign, Senator.
What?
You should resign.
I won't resign.
Go away.
No.
Go away.
That avoid, man.
From 32, 28 to 1 at 5, 60 W.K.
We got mad dog at 2, the power hour with a humber in a mad dog 4 to 5.
Hank's solo 5 to 60, and then after that, wow.
Seven is all we got left on the adjoys, it's on the water.
And you ought to get one, you really ought to.
$50 gets your hundred bucks worth of good stuff, great food.
We got seven left.
Think we'll do it by one o'clock?
Yes.
What do you think?
Yes.
Yes.
And Apatya left went bad.
A 19-year-old guy in Subur...
It says, a 19-year-old fellow.
Do you think of 19-year-olds as a fellow?
I don't consider anyone of these fellow.
No.
A 19-year-old punk in Suburban St. Louis was kidnapped, paddled and burned, with freshly-made
cookies.
It was paddled with cookies.
As a result of the eight-hour deal, Madison County Prosecutor charged two students at
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville.
Rosario James, 23, and Jordan Salas, 20 were charged with aggravated kidnapping, robbery
and aggravated battery.
They were being held on $150,000 bail.
Sally Fitz wants to know where we have found the batteries.
The 19-year-old was not identified, was not charged.
She suffered severe bruising, but was hospitalized.
Here's the story.
Uh-uh.
Sheriff's captain, Brad Wells said that Friday night, three men went to James' house to buy
marijuana, but two of them grabbed the drugs and fled, leaving the third behind.
The suspect held that man was in his late teens and told him he needed to find $400 for
the drugs, Wells said.
That's like that scene out of that movie.
What's that great movie that we love that I can never think of the name of?
Requiem for a green?
No.
Oh, where he takes this buddy to the drug house?
Oh, come on.
Not the movie?
Yeah, it takes his buddy to the drug house, not with Amille Hirsch.
No.
Well, they hit the, well, with a kid from the TV show, with a dust kid, whatever his name
is, Van Der Beek geek.
Um, rules of track.
That's it.
The suspects beat the man with a wooden paddle, burned his neck and shoulders with cookies,
and immediately left the take-man from the oven.
Chied us some of his hair and poured urine over him from a soda bottle, Wells said.
That's hopefully defeat the knee experience.
It was on a shore, a torture, Wells said.
Aways later, Wells said the victim had to escape and cop police after the suspect threw
over to a house and trying to get money for the drugs.
Yeah, don't you remember the scene where they went in the car and went inside and a big
black dude was all pissed off.
A lot of the money was going to like, uh, they were all running away.
Stuff like that.
It is the movie, right?
Yes.
We still stuck on seven there with Joseph.
You know, I just, oh, I do my best to do my duty.
Like a good boy scout.
I was in the Cub Scouts.
We love them.
Speaking of somebody that belongs in the Cub Scouts, Drew, Drew Kerry, now when I was on
vacation a couple weeks back, I saw Drew Kerry on the prices right and you know what I
want to say about his performance?
Oh my God.
I mean, there are some people who are cut off to do certain things, you know, and then
there's some people who just ain't.
Well, guess what?
He ain't.
I mean, I never thought he was funny to begin with or entertaining or amusing or talented
or any of these things, but he sure had a game show host.
Terrible.
Awful.
You haven't seen it, right?
Nope.
Don't.
It says when Bob Barker was hosting the Venerable Television Game Show, the prices
right, it would end each program by encouraging viewers to make sure their pets were spayed
or neutered.
Now, CBS reports to the show's new host, comedian Drew Kerry has taken up a somewhat more controversial
cause, Medical Marijuana.
Boy, a lot of pot stories today, man.
People that needed to be able to get a carry-art using the video produced by a libertarian
reason foundation in the video, Kerry, tours a California pharmacy that dispenses neatly
packaged Medical Marijuana.
Ah, smell that smell.
It's the smell of freedom, says Kerry, as he enters the pharmacy.
However, the marijuana is available by prescription only and Kerry himself does not actually
smoke any in the video.
In the video.
Kerry's efforts on behalf of Medical Marijuana are not expected to cause any problems for
his relationship with the prices right.
Most of the audience sort of believes that most of the entertainers are a little bit
out there and wacky anyway.
The fact that he's advocating Medical Marijuana is actually a fairly reasonable stance that
people in the medical community would be in favor of, said CBS Entertainment contributor,
Jess Kagle.
The marijuana video is one of a series that Kerry is doing for the reason foundation
to promote free market solutions such as the building of privatized tool roads to
relieve urban gridlock.
A future Kerry effort is to address illegal immigration and issue them and improve more
controversial the medical marijuana in the past reason is called for making it easier
for illegal stuff function in light of day when they have every reason to pay all the
taxes that the rest of us do.
See, the word illegal has no meaning in America anymore.
No legal.
I mean, if you're illegal, go back where you came from, okay?
Not do we give you these benefits to be able to let you vote, do we give you drivers
license, do we give you like 57 Chevy and a hundred million dollars?
No.
No, it'll earn you with cookies and then pour urine on it.
That's right and pour urine from a bottle.
We only got two left.
Wow.
You're in trouble.
Woo.
You're in.
You're in a heap of trouble, man.
You're in your eye, a heap.
We only got two left for Joseph's underwater here.
If you've been sitting there diddling around, take it all, all they're going to be lots
left.
Do you realize that from two weeks ago, Stu got this, still got 33 left?
That's kind of sad.
For the very same fine establishment and has got from like the last three weeks, still
got a whole Schmidt load of, I'm going to tell you again, you can look at all the arbitrarian
fixed IRAs that you want.
That tells me one thing, loud and queer, baby.
No audience.
Their audience is a fraction of what they're getting.
I wonder if Joel and his daddy got a lot of money.
You know what I'm talking about?
I don't want to actually say it on a year.
But it raises questions in my mind.
Does it look like?
I want to get so many wired bogus IRAs, you know?
I just want to say.
I'm not saying it.
Don't say you see what I'm saying, but you know what I'm saying.
Hear what you're thinking.
You're good.
Well, I hope not.
We got two left.
I sure hope Jolly Joe Belly hearing what I'm thinking.
Well, he knows what I'm thinking.
Jolly Joe, I've been thinking that your management style is really stinking.
Here's Jeremy Wang on the loose wire blog, which I'd like to block him off.
What words did you say?
Wang.
Jeremy's Wang.
Don't you get any of these on your, you're probably not signed up there.
You're not a mover and a shaker like I am.
No, I do shake them.
Well, don't do that.
Not too much.
867 on a pull.
What do we say 950?
Oh, yeah, we got that licked.
In fact, if we had like a little bit better pull Charlie B, we could add a thousand again
to the day.
But we won't.
That's all right.
Hey, we might.
No, we might not.
No, we won't stop.
No, we won't stop.
Well, you won't.
You better stop.
So you can carry away now.
It's my fault because I've conditioned you when I get like all whipped up about.
We aren't going to get a thousand votes.
Keep saying it.
Loatable.
Say it again.
We aren't going to get a thousand votes on a pull today.
Say it again, Chris Arrell.
God.
Today on Dr. Chris, we're doing herky, pretty darn near perfect.
Thank you.
Britain.
How are you?
What's going on in Britney Spears' life?
I don't know.
Should you have these children?
Um.
Hey.
Hi, man.
I love her.
I love red wine right now.
Are you hung over?
I think.
Hey.
Are not there enough?
Britain.
Hi, everybody.
Are you drunk?
I've been experiencing it in.
I've been experiencing it in.
You were slurring your words.
You were people who died.
You were drunk.
Do you think your drink can affect the children?
Um.
I love you, darling.
Hey.
What is going on?
We're all just going on.
Come on, 2460-0156.
The QAM, where we have won.
One.
Solamente uno.
What?
One left.
What did I just say?
Well, I'm trying to beat you to it, but, you know.
Too late.
It kind of tied.
He ought to be tied.
I'll get a lot of rope.
One left, 50 bucks for $100 worth of great food at Joseph's on the water.
And there's one left there.
I mean, you know, if that isn't gone by one o'clock, there's something really rotten in this town.
something really stinks in South Floridaville.
Solemnette Uono, baby.
Well, we'll see. See what happens.
Gail Collins in the New York Times says,
Pat loves Rudy.
And that's pathetic.
Back in mid-2001, when Mayor Rudy Giuliani was busy committing adultery,
lurching into his divorce and third marriage,
and roaming with a gay couple, he promised to marry as soon as the law allowed,
who among us would have imagined that one day he'd be endorsed for president by Pat Robertson.
Chorley's September 11th changed everything.
Actually, Roberts in the founder of the Christian Broadcasting Network
and a real far-bison has had particular positions on the terror attack.
He once said it was nowhere near as big a deal as the problem of judicial activism,
and other occasionally explained that the destruction of the World Trade Center
was God's punishment for abortion and rampant secularism on television.
It's hard to understand what you and the two men together.
Rudy has hedged his positions quite a few wishes lately,
but he has yet to suggest that New York had it coming.
It's been quite a busy time for Giuliani,
who recently tried to establish himself as the toughest dude on the anti-terror block
by making fun of torture victims,
drawing the wrath of John actually tortured McCain.
Let it be known that nothing, including the extensive evidence that prisoners
being tortured confessed to things that aren't true,
is going to stop a president, Giuliani,
from ringing every last drop of inaccurate information out of the evil doers.
They talk about sleep deprivation.
I mean on that theory, I'm getting tortured running for president of the U.S.
That's just plain silly.
He said at a time meeting in a town hall meeting in Iowa.
I really think that after all the trouble Mitt Romney got for equating life
in the Mitt Mobile with service in Iraq,
people would be a little careful about comparing the perils of campaign trail
with military service.
It also gave McCain the opportunity to remind the nation
that Rudy got a deferral from serving in Vietnam by convincing his boss,
a federal judge to pull strings,
and having declared an essential civilian employee for his clerical work as a lock clerk,
but we digress.
How we know what that one's certificate, by the way?
Still there.
Yep.
Robertson's backing will surely give Giuliani a leg up among voters who believe
that God sends natural disasters to punish Americans,
whose school board members believe in the theory of revelation.
Evolution or have the bad luck to live near an inclusive amusement park.
In order to land though that when Disney World welcome gate patrons,
it was letting them in for terrorist attacks, earthquakes, tornadoes,
and possibly a meteor.
Yesterday, Robertson said that America's mayor had won him over because to me
the overriding issue before the American people is the defense of our population
from the bloodlust of Islamic terrorists so much for judicial activism.
Our second goal should be the control of massive government waste
and crushing federal deficits.
Now this is the part I've never been able to get.
When did governments spend to become part of the divine agenda?
Is there something in the Bible about smiting down federal bureaucrats?
Even within the ranks of the social conservatives Robertson is regarded as a tad over the top,
who among us will forget the time he claimed that the special protein shake he was marketing
and enabled him to leg press 2000 pounds.
Or the time he said God had given aerial sure enough massive stroke because he led the Palestinians wrong Gaza.
He did apologize for saying that he should assassinate the president of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez.
Still the endorsement must have been a blow to mid-Romney.
He's gotten a couple of social conservatives on his side,
but given the way he's prostrated himself old before the right wing,
we announcing every position he's ever held all the way down to stem cells,
you think he'd do better.
It's a mystery why even someone as loopy as Robertson would pass up the exhaustively virtuous family man
for a long time haundog like Rudy, who has been qualifying his liberal social positions
but never really reacting to retracting them.
Persuasion is an important part of politics and maybe for some leaders that Giuliani is more persuasive,
especially in privacy just to John Green,
who studies conservative religious movements for the Pew Forum on religion and public life. Pew!
It does seem true that miraculous things happen when conservative leaders with Giuliani be behind closed doors.
Maybe they just find mid-Romney extremely irritating.
Maybe Rudy has a secret grip like the Vulcan Mind Meld,
or one of those sleeper holds that you have to use in professional wrestling
that fills his victims with an irrational degree of trust.
Or maybe his leadership is so powerful that people are supposed to have been invited impossible to doubt the sincerity of his every word.
In which case, I've got a protein shake I'd like to say.
What a doubt shake it out, baby. Shake it. Shake that booty. How are we doing still one?
Come on, man. Come on people.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Back in the day, you know, if we'd been doing this back in the day when we really had an audience before Joe Bell to throw at the station,
we'd have sold out 50 or 110, 50 minutes every week.
Right, Bill. The salad days?
In the salad days. Yeah, we'd have sold much of salads.
But look on the bright side.
Yeah.
He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He
He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He's sold up. He
you quickly ask in the court to pay the bill. The court to pay the bill. The court to pay the debts to pay the credit to pay the debts to pay the debts to pay the debt and go to the public again and come back now. The court to pay the debts to pay the debt.
police, political and their stump speeches.
The sheer made ethics a key issue in the gubernatorial race saying
Fletcher had not only broken his promise from four years ago, but actually made a
massive his own.
For sheer hand, 59% of Fletcher is 41.
I wonder what Fletcher's mother was called.
Mother Fletcher?
I'm the twilight.
If Fletcher knows Dell Pletcher, why sure hope not?
Tomorrow begins the hard task governing
for sheer total jubilant Democrats at the Frankfurt Civic Center.
Tomorrow begins the time when I call on every person in the state to come
together with us, join hands, and yaddy-addy-addy, and pull your pants down.
Whatever the turn will.
You will hurry Craig.
Tamp it out.
When in doubt, tap it out.
I'm refreshing that baby and it's Wilson's won.
Oh!
The pain.
We got nine minutes for somebody to buy that.
I mean we got actually two, but let's do it by one o'clock, just to piss off two
guys.
I actually cannot wait.
I can't wait until November 21, two weeks from yesterday at 10 a.m.
when the next trend comes out and when they drop off that totally bogus July across
the street, not that we care about them that much, but just because Joe Feinberg is such
an a-hole and such a jerk.
Because they got a bunch of losers over there pretending to be, I mean not that we don't
have some losers, but they are losing central is what they are.
And they've been able to manage with mirrors a bogus wired diary month, like about one
to be a few months.
They get one of those and of course they hang around forever because it's a rolling
three-month deal, you know?
So when you get May, June and July and then at July sticks and they're all away until
November.
Jesus, K. Christ, for months and months and it gives the appearance that, oh look at that,
they're really kicking ass over there.
The evidence is clear baby when they got three weeks certificates, Zillions of monthly
old yin yang that they can't sell out for their fine sponsors.
There's something really wrong, lack of audience baby, lack of audience.
As it continues to fight against terrorist worldwide, the U.S. is watching cautiously as
a virtual, a vital ally teeters on the edge of anarchy.
Did I read that right?
No, but it's okay.
In the war on terror, there is no country more strategically critical than Pakistan,
ABC's Taring Moran set on nightline Monday night, and tonight Pakistan is on the edge
of political abyss.
The nuclear state was just battling and approaching al-Qaeda fighters at its borders, has descended
into chaos after President Pervert and Musharraf declared a state of emergency and suspended
Pakistan's constitution.
Taliban fighters, Nel-Qaeda terrorists who had sought refuge in the mountainous border
region between Pakistan and Afghanistan are moving into more populated regions of Afghanistan
and afraid to be emboldened by the chaos erupting from Musharraf's crackdown.
Maybe he's got a crack problem.
Pakistanis analysts are increasing requesting General Musharraf's contention that emergency
role was needed to help him fight terrorism, reports David Rody in a New York Times
analyzation this week across the country, policemen and intelligence agents have been
diverted from hunting terrorists to arresting lawyers who apparently are being assisted
as a greater threat to the General's rule.
The threat becomes even more dire when one considers what would happen to Pakistan's nuclear
arsenal if the country becomes firmly stabilized, estimates of Pakistan's weapons cash range
from 24 to 48 nuclear warheads, and some say there could be as many as a hundred nukes
in the country.
ABC News Corp.
correspondent Jim Sudeau reports that officials believe there is a very real possibility
that those weapons could fall into the wrong hands.
The headline in the story is, will Pakistan chaos let al-Qaeda get nukes?
The nightmare scenario for US officials to use it to send their government collapse could
put Pakistan's nuclear weapons in the hands of terrorists.
And then all the hell is going to break up.
Look at that.
The Dow is down.
Another 178 points.
The S&P is down.
The S&P is down.
The weak dollar and mortgage crisis lead to trouble the futures.
Got real tourists, baby.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
I'm going to say it again.
You people on CNBC every single money ought to be on death row.
When somebody works their entire life and somebody flees them under their life savings with
BS with lipstick on pigs.
What would that look like?
Lips stick on a pig.
Party pig.
Still got that one.
Well, what are we going to do about this, Chris?
We got one more to go.
50 bucks.
Somebody out there is going to buy it.
During this next break or I'm going to raise hell during the one to two hour.
I'm going to raise holy hell.
Do you believe me?
No.
You get a ferocious feeling.
Why?
Just get a ferocious feeling.
Just get a ferocious feeling.
Oh, you might be sold out.
Screw him.
What?
We might be sold out.
What do you mean by that?
Well, it's sold out.
So it's just got to get to the crossing to be a.
Now we just have to wait a few seconds to see if the last one was kosher or is legit
or just another regime playing idiot.
Probably Joel Feinberg is asking with our stuff.
If we sell it out, what's new God's going to say then?
I used to have 30 feel from last two weeks ago.
Loser.
Loser.
Well, we knew that when he was with us.
Any guy named Weiner.
John Weiner, a case to God's.
That's why Hank had to go because he had remember when they said that Carlo had an answer
for Santina.
Remember that in the Godfather?
Yep.
Well, Hank's got answer for Stu God's and clearance.
Oh, my God.
That's more than anyone should have to answer for.
Says sold out on my page.
When in doubt, we're all sold out.
But they're verifying.
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
Yeah, basically.
The checker news has been naughty and nice.
That's good.
And it's not like they're doing us a favor.
See, that's the thing that kills me.
Like they're doing us a favor by buying the stuff.
They're doing themselves a favor.
Right.
They're getting a great meal and half off.
What's not to like?
This is odd.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Hey, mom.
Did you crave a delicious pizza and the back child support?
That low-life loser still owes you?
Then called Domino's for our new Deadbeat Dad Pizza.
Domino's Deadbeat Dad Pizza.
Speak of the devil.
It's you.
Oh, hey.
Here's your pizza.
How much do I owe you?
$7,500.
Oh, well, here's a 20.
20.
Yeah, I would add the rest of it if New York had covered the spread.
Oh, hey, Oslo Sally do it, anyway.
Her name is Susie and you used that excuse last time.
Well, tell her Daddy's asking about her and give her these fudgems, okay?
She needs new shoes and you give her fudgems.
Yeah, there it's $3.99.
I'll just take it off what I owe you.
Oh, okay.
Domino's Deadbeat Dad Pizza.
Open the door.
It's that SOB.
Look at that 890 votes on the poll 890 WLS.
I wonder if I haven't even had them old jingles.
You've got them on a carthorism.
I've got them in the computer.
You do?
I don't got it.
WLS?
Let's find out.
WLS.
How's Larry Loujack doing?
Is he still here to pick you up?
Baby, not in WLS.
She's got the favorite WLS.
Wow.
No, words are lazy.
Maybe back in the day, I would read the WLS.
Yeah.
The best music WLS.
WLS.
I think it was it.
Yeah.
Don't forget about WLS.
That too.
All those great pams dingos, baby, with the personalities and like real radio.
It was fun.
It was exciting.
And now we got the best on WLS.
Oh, I got all kinds of jingles.
You got the best on WLS.
Oh, I got all kinds of jingles.
You got the best on WLS.
You got the best on WLS.
Oh, I got all kinds of jingles.
You got the best on WLS.
You got the best on WLS.
Oh, I got the best on WLS.
You got the best on WLS.
CKLW yesterday.
Wherever you go, go gold with 77 WAVC.
Go gold.
Yeah, or yeah, we'll be saying, go gold and more New City.
I would put a net in the toilet if I could go gold.
Big Jimmy says, I figured out why I don't like living in South Florida anymore.
It's because of all the people surrounding me that hate South Florida.
All they do is complain how they want to move and people are rude down here.
Well, guess what?
They're what's rude about South Florida.
You are leading the pack.
You are the petri dish of hate down here.
Maybe if you and the other complainers try to help out what's wrong instead of adding
to the problem, it could be a better down here.
It takes a village, Neil, a village.
Oh, yeah.
So cute.
So cute.
So cute.
So cute.
So cute.
So cute.
So cute.
So cute.
I make the best of it every day.
Yeah.
I'm as nice as I can manage.
Even nicer than I can manage.
Yeah, I think you're the leader of the parade, man.
That's right.
The hate parade.
You're the petri dish you're going to want.
Some great special for school.
Oh, oh.
But will you buy for me?
Oh.
My Emmy.
You got to be kidding me.
I'm W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that.
I hate that.
I love this one.
Ih I-Y-Y Wouldn't buy another white stone crad,
didn't I.
Oh, my you loved that delicious sound at W-I-O-D.
I hate my mom's taste of trust.
I hate my mom's.
I hate my mama's just taste of juice.
Yeah, like Earl thinking about.
My Emmy of each My Emmy.
Earl was dead now though.
Remember that?
What was that nickname he had, the...
Ellie Brougher wrote about Swiftie Schindler. I never heard that in my life. I worked with
the guy for, I don't know, two years. And then he worked for me at WS News. Let's go back
to the WNWS. Let's wipe that fan crap off 790 and put back on the WNWS. Let's get
back Alice Rantell and Mr. Ego and Barbara Steadley and whatever. We'll dig Jerry Williams
up too. A lot of dead people, man. I worked with. Wow. I'm actually Steve Dalyus, did. I
know what the Casper's dead. What about Luke Kronas? He's still alive. Oh, that's right.
This could work in the sales department over at Power, right? Still. Yes, Josh. You
Josh and me? 894. Well, we sure got a lot of Josh's in that building, are we? And I
think there's something symbolic about that. I think it means something. 896 on the pole
will make 950. And you're right. We could have made a thousand if Chris would have pushed
it like crazy earlier. Hey, I was trying and you kept saying no. Now, this, didn't I already
do this? Drave us to stalker Krona and Brian. Is this something new? I don't know. Just
came in today. So I don't know. A Boston Catholic priest has been arrested last week in New
York and charged with stalking late in the Everkona, Brian host. The alleged stalker, the
Reverend David, I, Jimmy. I don't think there's anything new in this all the number.
Oh, the past 14 months of Brian was flooded with threatening emails, postcards and aggressive
letters sent by a Jimmy who now faces charges of aggravated harassment and stalking. According
to police, the priest was asked numerous times to cease contacting a Brian but failed to
do so and warrant for his arrest was issued by the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
In one out to a Brian, he in which he refers to himself as your priest stalker, a Jimmy
complain to being forbidden within earlier taping of a Brian show. Well, he's a priest. You
know, he's like, what? Crazy. He's getting crazy. Maybe we could hook him up a Larry Craig.
Okay. They can do a little toe tap a number. A little something. So are we officially
sold out on the Joseph's on the one five minutes official and how long? 55 minutes. Really?
What's wrong with that? Nothing. Takes them 55 weeks to get the sold out across the street
and that's because they have no audience. It's just it's fan of man. They talk about the
fake Hank and the fake man dog and that's their whole station is fake fake audience. Fake
children. What can I? Okay, I'm going to let you talk. All right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let me talk.
Brynn. Please follow the fee. Oh, I need some please for my fee. So I say that right now.
I need some sweets for my needs so you can beat the streets. Yeah. 899. Oh, we got 900. Look.
That's our goal to the 900. We sold out in 55 minutes on our certificates on the
Neil deal. Not too bad. I think we're making a little bit of a comeback. Not big time. Just
a little bit just by his Moses probably because that footy show is so gosh dang awful. By the way,
speaking of gosh dang Joe Rosas Morissette GD on here. I don't know if they dumped it or not.
Did you hear that Chris? No, I did not hear it. Well, maybe they dumped it because he said,
oh, I swear. Oh, yo, Joe. It's that X jock thing. See that jocks they can say in words they want.
And so if I said, oh, we're going to be in fine and Joyce is going to have a nervous breakdown.
Now a conibction fit. That's what they always have a conibction fit children with one version
of the FADS 2 gene, the FADS 2 gene scored seven points higher in IQ test if they were breastfed.
Oh my God. But the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences study found breastfeeding
had no effect on the IQ children with a different version of the gene. The gene in question helps
break down fatty acids from the diet, which have been linked with brain development. Seven points
of differences enough to put the child on the top third of the class the researchers said.
So 90% of people traded the version of the gene, which was associated with better IQ scores in breast fed children.
Researchers at the Institute of Psychiatry, Kings College London News Data from two previous studies
of breast fed infants in Britain and New Zealand, which involve more than 3,000 children, 3,000 sucklings.
IQ is measured at various points between the ages of five and 13 years in the study.
Previous studies on intelligent breast feeding come up with conflicting results. Do you think 13 is a little bit too old to be breastfeeding?
Oh, I see. There's been some debate as to whether mothers who had more education or who were from more
ever than backgrounds were more elected to breastfeed, skewing the results, screwing the results.
Professor Terry Moff at a co-author on the papers of the findings gave a fresh perspective.
How did one I say? A fresh perspective.
Fresh perspective. On the arguments by showing the psychological mechanisms that could account for the difference between
breast fed and bottle fed babies. The argument about intelligence has been about nature versus nurture for
at least a century, she said, however we've shown that in fact nature works by a nurture to create
better health outcomes. Since the studies used in the analysis were done to
manufacture the begun to add fatty acids to form an amulet, but there have been inconsistent results on the benefits.
Belinda Fips, well I wonder if she's getting to micfips, she used to be quarterback for the Cleveland Browns.
Belinda Fips of the National Childbirth Trot said this shows for the majority of parents they can have a positive
effect on their babies IQ by breastfeeding.
There you go. Nature is more important than nurture. What is that?
Nature this. Nurture this. Nurture this. That's my statement to that.
What's your craft? Don't forget Clussy George said in 9-11 somewhere.
Somewhere. Yeah, you want to go ahead?
Ethneticulorange at the Semidal Hardrock 9-11.
For the Corona Light Elimination Fuzball Finals, tell your buddy there again whatever his name is Larry
Shmendi whatever. Tell me his name. Lee. Lee.
Oh, he's Jewish? Yeah. Oh, like I said.
What do you think Irish? What's his last name?
Feldman. Oh Feldman, when you never told me his last name.
I did. You don't think I would know Lee Feldman?
Milk from a surprise safe for Jesus Christ.
He was Jewish too. Yeah, big deal. Big deal. I'll send him a Salami and Swiss on rye.
Trayf. How do you like that? With a glass of milk and bacon on a sandwich.
Yeah, nice bacon cheeseburger. That was funny when Zach was talking about.
You're gonna say, oh, you're gonna be Zach again?
Talking about how he went to his uncle's house.
It was his uncle, yeah. With a cheeseburger and boy, they got wild.
I said, was it a bacon cheeseburger? Oh, no, they would have probably killed me then.
That's because they're good religious folks. Maybe they're orthodox. Oh, yeah.
Orthodox, you know what that means? Real Getskies, real far-bissen.
Don't bring no cheeseburger in his house. We're in the kosher of the house.
The house is kosher for paysock and for every other, for all the great holidays too.
What's your crack? What's your direct? 904. How's Todd direct to him, by the way?
He's still working there. Is he in the... Yeah, he's around.
Is he? He's around.
Let me just give you a little clue. Okay, you're gonna learn something from me right now.
Listen very carefully. He is an idiot. Oh, what a giveaway.
You won't get that everywhere. You won't get that on the footage you're all hearing T.O.A.
Just for a ride, you son.
Unless you're a hundred years old.
Hostel nasty bastards don't know the meaning of being nice.
It's hard and crappy in every day.
I
Dishmah me toilet and angry swan
For color whale dumb
I hope the ice makes mountain just drown this down
Yeah, that's what I say.
116.5.16 WQA in. Here's some good news.
Yeah, President Bush suffered his first veto override of his seven-year-old presidency today as
the Senate enacted a 23-billion-dollar water resources bill despite his protest that was filled with
unnecessary projects. The vote to pass the bill was 79-14. An act that was a foregone conclusion,
but it's still marked a milestone for President of his first six years with a much
premier congress controlled by his fascist Republican Party. Now the confronts a more hostile
Democratic-controlled legislature and today's vote shows that even many Republicans will
apply month's spending matters dear to their political careers. The bill funds hundreds of
Army Corps of Engineer projects such as dams, sewage plants, and beach restoration. They're
important to local communities and representatives. It also includes money for the hurricane
hit Gulf Coast and for Florida Everglades restoration efforts. The House voted 361-54 to override
the veto on Tuesday. Both votes easily exceeded the two-thirds majority needed in each chamber
to negate a presidential veto. The last six veto override happened on Congress Day,
President Clinton, the second of his two-overrides, in November of 98. Bush vetoed no bills during
his first five years in office. He has since vetoed a bill on stem cell research twice
and a rec spending bill that said guidelines for troop withdrawals and the children's health
insurance bill. House and Senate Republicans managed to sustain those vetoes, but he had
vehemently objection to the water bill. But they broke ranks on the water resources developed
an act or a WRDA which Bush vetoed November 2 calling it too expensive. His supporters have
noted that the Army Corps is a backlog of $58 billion worth of projects and an annual budget
of about $2 billion to address them. The bill, the first water system restoration and flood
control authorization passed by Congress since 2000 will cost $11.2 billion over the next four years
and 12 billion next ten years after that corner of the CBO. Flug protection projects along
the Gulf Coast, including 100-year levy protected New Orleans, will cost about $7 billion if fully funded.
The bill approves the projects but doesn't fund them. Some of Bush's most adherent allies argued
for the override. This bill is enormously important and has been a long time coming since Senator
David Vitter, who stayed with Hammered by Hurricane Katrina two years ago and I guarantee he's probably
been hammered for a long time. David Vitter. Hey honey, how much? How much honey? You got some money?
And let's have some funny. $9.18 in the poll by the way. Chris would have really pushed like mad.
Yeah, well I was trying but you know, we had to make $9.75. Well, how could I get no $1,000?
Maybe some more. We need to. We need to. Then take it to a thousand. I mean, it's doable.
But we, you know, what's the point when you know you're not going to do it? It's like the dolphins
showing up and getting suited up and uniform on Sunday. What's the point?
They're going to get a win this year, don't worry. Against the jets, JTSS, you see,
who do they play this week? They can't have it by. Oh, the bills. Bill's a kick their ass. You can
me in Buffalo, right? I believe so, yes. Oh my God. You know what you're going to be hearing
on Monday? And you could bet all the money in the world, including what you ain't got that you're
going to be hearing this. Hey, stench of cow manure. Puppers over this performance by the
dolphins. And by the way, what's that subliminal thing we have in the last, there was in the last
rejoin where it's a QI in the back here, ticket, ticket, ticket. Well, what is that?
Ticket. I missed it. Must have been too. Am I the only one that's noticed that? I guess so.
That's very subliminal. What was the last rejoin that you played? You got it?
Yeah, back it is. Back then, baby. So here's where you start. Step one, call 800 cold air, 800 cold air,
customary designs. We'll fix any problem today or you don't pay. That's it. One step,
call 800 cold air. Customary designs. Yeah, all right. We'll hold them. They're going ticket,
ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket. I'm telling you. And why would you want to do that? That's subliminal
with plants in their mind. And they're going to be like, oh, where does it go to the ticket? No,
you're not. No, you ain't. You don't have it. Yeah, I got to expand the cart. Hold on. You got
expand the cart. There are multiple cuts on that one cart. They rotate. I see. Excuse me. What's
how do I know about it? That audio vault, man. I wouldn't wish that on Heinrich Himmer. I wouldn't
wish that on Joel Feinberg, the audio vault. Remember, we tried to talk them out of it and tell
me what a piece of crap it was. Please tell me what you guys know about radio. What do you guys
know? We're the radio experts, right? Are you ready for them? It easy to have fun. The sick of
more talent. It's the big dog and jacks of war. Fortray, you'll 560 QAM, the sports
leader. Well, forget about it. Well, I'm not going to spend the war. It's not over here. Although
we're building a town. The best talent. Yes. It's the big dog and jacks. Joe Rose and Jason
Jackson Morning, Seven of the Tamers, the sports always matters. Ain't there? I think it's
the best talent. It's the big dog and jacks. Joe Rose and Jason Jackson Morning, Seven of the Tamers.
They've got to stop playing these. Stop it. Stop. Okay, do it again. Don't do it. Don't listen to him.
Bastard. Stop. 924 in the pool. We're going to make it now because he's
all right. I'm going to tell you what. I'm putting my feet up on the table. You only got like
30 minutes ago. That's what I got. I got my feet. As could say, please. For Pete's sake.
Senator Chuck Hagle speaking to an audience of Lincoln High School students warned this week
that the nation may need to turn to compulsory military service or some kind of draft. Oh my god.
I support the war isn't a raccoon Afghanistan. Question after a speech Hagle said he's not
calling for reinstating the military draft, but he said the growing defuulity of maintaining
an adequate volunteer military forces a reality. I'm just stating the obvious he said at some point
we're going to have to make a decision how to attract a quality force. Hagle, a Vietnam veteran
and purple heart recipients spoke to more than 120 government and history students as part of a
project. I've ever been speaks to students about their experiences. The US military draft ended in
73 partly bitter reaction to the word Vietnam, the butchering of 58,000 American kids who came home
in body bags. Hagle told the Lincoln students that the burdens of a raccoon Afghanistan wars are
being carried by too small a share of the nation's population. We have more than 300 million
people in this country, less than 1% of our population has to bear all of the burden to make all
the sacrifices to do all the fighting and the dying for the rest of us, he said. There are people
serving in Iraq for the third time in Afghanistan for the third time. They're ruining their families,
suffering pro-traumatic stress stress disorder and significant injuries. They're not going to bear
that burden any longer, he said. Hagle has been a prominent critic of Bush's raccoon, he said the
nation must make a difficult assessment of whether to return to some kind of draft or other former
compulsory national service. Students listened quietly and said little during Hagle's speech at the end,
he took a handful of pre-selected questions that students have composed on Monday with the eight of
their teachers. Social studies teacher Gilles Zosspan said he and the students have discussed the
possibility of a draft in the past, he knows how they'll react to Hagle's comments, they don't like the
idea, he said, they don't want to. Hagle said he's well aware of the sacrifices Lincoln high schools made
in Iraq, or two graduates have died in Iraq. He urged students to seek solutions besides the war
of the world's problems. Terrorism, extremism, biological weapons, chemical weapons, nuclear weapons,
they're in a threat to all mankind, not just Christians and not just Americans, he said, not just
the Glam, even the Jews about tourists, the Jews in the Arabs, man in the Indians in the Pakistanis,
oh, just where, you know, it's where's me out, nobody wants to think about these things because
it just where as you are. Let's think about positive things like Joe Bell. Be positive. Let's
think about good things like the Thursday QAM schedule, starting with that all-assess infamous,
none of course with that high school gridiron report. What more could anybody want to convince them
to turn that radio off and throw it in the toilet, put it in the bathtub and drown it, just like
what's your name in fatal attraction, then close, that wasn't going close as Merrill Street,
which one was a clean close? Right. But I was confused with them, I don't know, you ever see them
side by side? St. Person both are getting skanky. Skabby. Ooh. Taint what you think it is.
925 votes on the pool. Oh, I think we're in for 950 that is.
Chris of course is still in a delusional state. No, yeah, it's over now. That was a funny
fact, by the way, the thing about the Petri dish floor, yeah, negativity. Yes, long before I came
near and long after I'm dead in Buriedel, still be the same thing, the same attitudes, the same
people, the same cigar chopping old farts in Domino Park and the same old car business in Boka,
Hocken, they're playing a shuffleboard in Majron, it'll be the same crap, okay? The same condo
commando as in early Buriedeners and guess what? I didn't invent them.
You get a lot of bans.
560, you gotta be F and Kidney Radio presents another channel changing management pleaser.
Oh, Jay and Danny. No, no, this is the old Jamie Dubbing. And I'm Danny Canal. What a game
yesterday. Oh, yeah, what a game. Go dolphins, been a big fan all my life. You know,
when they are, they are lost the game, but we don't need to be done gotten something right with
the cleats. Yeah, depending on the field condition, you need the right cleats. The cleats,
they're the critical and they did have our game over, and that means it is what it is.
No, I thought they handled the ball really better with the right cleats. So, that means they
can run with the ball really well. Yeah, really well. Yeah, they ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran the ball really well.
Yeah, they ran it really well. When they bought, oh, something, but I do believe they really played well.
Yeah, they played really well. Well, you know, when they got the one-inch cleats instead of the three-colder-inch cleats,
it really better, but they couldn't go up with the cold-er-inch cleats, you know.
You gotta have the right cleats. Yeah, you got something to say. Oh, here it is.
So far, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Oh, yo. What is this? You're getting your checks from the dolphins or something,
which was all this game-worship. No, I mean, there's more important things going on than the garbage
you're putting on the air. You know, I get tuna. I say tuna. Right, I will. You don't put a
list in it. Right, Danny? That were management says. Right. Now, like I was saying, about the cleats.
Yeah, the cleats. That guy was wrong. Cleats are very important.
You got the big cleats, small cleats, fat cleats, thin cleats. So, cleats, tall cleats.
Cleats for the feet. Cleats for the feet. Yeah, that's what I got me some cleats. All kinds of cleats.
That's the cleats. It's for the feet. Cleats. Cleats. Cleats. Cleats. As you can say, cleats.
For the feats, 132 out of the long, discovered a lot of this year's defeats. Oh, yeah.
That's a speciality to do sure, right? My 30 on the pole, that is the best. In fact, the S-end,
that was the super. Let me see. Let me see. Let me just back it up again. Oh, I don't have that.
It's for the feet. It's for the feet. It's for the feet. That's what I got me some
peats. I mean, I see the cleats. Just that on it. It's for the feet. Yeah, I think we're going to do four
hours of cleats for the feet. And still be that on the orange head over there across the street. That's all I care about.
Cross the streets. Yeah.
Suffer another D-piece. It'll be really neat.
Nice, 31 on the pole. I'm not going to read the result until you get the answer to the show because
it's such a bad pole. Sorry, Charlie. I don't want to like rip your ass, but boy, in fact,
I hear every day now. I look through this pile and oh my god. Here's one. Joe Bell reminds me of an
incompetent uncaring deadbeat blank relative friend, former friend boss of my own. I mean, come on.
Come on. He's Charlie. Joe, I mean, what of your name is Charlie. I know what his name is. Just cut the crap.
The Jerry Springer show is calling to invite you to pairs of guests. Someone you know wants to
bash in Himalayan, you want national TV. You can all expense pay trip to Chicago. Your response.
And then he's got the judge. Juni show is calling. Some of the sewing you and the choices you're
with spice girl was your favorite. Oh god. The spicy one. Oh my goodness.
931 on a pole, Chris. I scored a 950 easy. Just ease into it. No pressure. You create a lot of
pressure when you come out of these unrealistic numbers. Like it would be like if we had 40,000 of
those certificates to sell for restaurants, you know. Oh, we only got 39,000, 800 left. You know,
what's that? What would that be all about? Unrealistic numbers like expecting like a five share in
the next trend. Unrealistic, don't you think? A little. But across the street, I think if they
expect even like a that's going to be high. And then whatever is below weight, that's what they're
going to have when they drop off that bogus July. I mean, I've been doing this for a hundred years.
And I've never, I mean, you know, you see wired diaries and you see bizarre months that you know are
like the coast was doing that for a while. Remember the coast had all these men listing allegedly
and light these to do it. But 15 shares at night in men, 15 freaking shares that turned your way
to point the next month. Come on, Joel. Who are you kidding? Now who are you and daddy kidding?
And your band of make believe journeyman over there. Even Mifo, they blew out over there. That
tells you how desperate they are when even blew out Mifo. What's the story with him? Do you land
as a feat? Is he got cleats for his feats? He's full of feats. There he was. There's your idea.
It's full of feats. I don't think he's on it. He works see over there. I don't think he's on
anymore over there at all. I don't know. I heard that. But, you know, I don't know for a film.
Look at all the available town out there. You got the molemyster is an out there.
Is he still on a 50 doing stuff or not? Do we know? No idea. Is anybody here? No.
That's what Jolly Joke told me when he first came to town. He said, just say,
no. Tomorrow. And then of course he proceeded to destroy the station. But nevertheless,
nice going, Jolly Joke. Just make sure I get paid today or tomorrow. That's all. So I care
about just keep the money coming, sonny. And you and Norman have a nice check because nobody,
nobody talks to me. And I was like, I don't exist. What Robert Scheer writes, our man in Pakistan
about Isha Muzherif. So, General Pervert Muzherif treated ever so respectfully by George Bois
to write his administration in which he became the first Pakistani leader to visit Camp David.
His turn out to be just another Krummi dictator. But he was our dictator, kind of a modern,
even westernized one who could set up all those bearded Islamic terrorists. Well, not exactly.
Not that anyone bothered to remember, but Muzherif seized power in Pakistan and he democratic rule
two years before the 9-11 attacks and did nothing to end his nation's support of the Taliban
rulers next door who were harboring or some of in London as al-Qaeda. Before that, he was part of
a military elite that had as the 9-11 commission report would later conclude in one of the main
sponsors of the Taliban. Norman Muzherif has dictated a present to anything to undermine the
not cases that he continued to diplomatically recognize the legitimate rulers of the neighboring
country. On terrorism, Pakistan helped nurture the Taliban. The 9-11 commission reported adding
many in the government have sympathized with or provided support to the extremists. Muzherif
agreed that Bin Laden was bad, but before 9-11 preserving good relations with the Taliban took precedence.
True, after 9-11, Muzherif did provide minimal support for the US invasion of Afghanistan
and returned for considerable aid in the lifting of the sanctions that had been imposed on his nation
for developing nuclear weapons. On the nation that had nuclear weapons and that had actively
supported the terrorists, the haven in Afghanistan, was welcomed back into America's good graces,
only three weeks after 9-11, at the very same time that the Bush administration was drawing a
plan store with Rose Sodom Hussein who has been lodged in sworn enemy. Oh yes, sorry, Sodom had
weapons and mass destruction. I forgot there was that guy, Curve Ball, the guy in Germany who told
us that Sodom had those mobile biological weapons lives that Colin Powell relied on so heavily in his
UN speech, but a CBS 60 minutes report on Sunday that German government had told the Bush administration
very clearly that its great weapons expert was just another immigrant trying to hustle a green card.
As for NUX, the real WMV, although Iraq didn't have them, Pakistan did, at least 70 radar
explode as well as the airplanes and missiles that could deliver them. Worst, the father of the
Islamic bomb, Abdul Qadir Khan, whom the 9-11 commission called Pakistan's most revered nuclear weapons
expert, was leading the most dangerous nuclear smuggling ring ever disclosed. It was kind of
provided the key technology, uranium enrichment materials, critical to the new programs of Libya,
Iran and North Korea, and it was Moussara who pardoned him, made him to this day unavailable
to the West Intelligence Agency and after a very loose formal house arrest, recently announced that
he was now as the slogan of the Southwest Airlines, free to move about the country.
No problem, why hold a little nuclear proliferation against our favorite dictator when he's doing
such a good job denying al-Qaeda another religious fanatics of base of operations in Pakistan,
except that he did nothing in the sword. The all-important Pakistan border territory,
joining Afghanistan, is more hospitable now to terrorists than ever before. As for bin Laden and
the others, Bush was going to get dead or alive, U.S. experts routinely can see that those
terrorists have found a haven on Moussara side of the border. So where did the 10 billion
dollars go and that's not counting covert funds that Bush gave Moussara to beef up his military
to better combat the terrorists? Well, clearly the Pakistani army is very strong, just look at
the martial law it's been able to impose on judges and other folks, rightfully believe in the rule of law.
But wait, Moussara pulled back down, a deal was all but brokered, and Ben Nazir Bhutto,
who's adherent to democracy as his compelling as her family's rich history of corruption,
is waiting in the wings. Kendi Rice's on the phone so hopefully Moussara can be bought off,
and the free world once again served by the nation, Bush designated a major non-Ato ally.
But there is a bright side for one advisor traveling with Rice was quoted in the
Washington Post as saying, thank heavens for small favors, meaning that compared with Pakistan,
Iraq looks pretty good. Talk about lower expectations. Maybe what they need in Pakistan is cleats for
feats. Feats for your feats can't hurt. It's a real treat. So who did offense play this week?
Did you tell me buffalo? That's gonna be ugly. Oh boy, it's gonna be very ugly. I have a few
hands. It could be wrong, and it's in buffalo. They ever went in buffalo? No. That very often.
Maybe one, every 10 years on Sukhas they went in buffalo. 940 on the pool, 940 on the dial,
W-I-N-Z, now secure America. See that's another thing. We got all these stations that have no
call letters anymore. It's the ticket and it's uh, air America and all these other, you know,
nicknames. It's kind of like a big dog in Jackson like that. Well who are these guys? I don't know,
big dog in Jackson. It's actually at the off-and-stadium. It's a home game. Oh, like I said,
they're still gonna get their ass whipped bath. Our David's a bitch.
Hello, Mr. Eiger? Yes. Please hold for Mickey Mouse, chairman of the board. Okay.
What in the f*** is going on over there? Excuse me, sir?
You got an advocate college, Eiger. Yes, I did. Is that a real school or is that a special school?
No, no, sir, it's a real school. How in the hell did that goofy caveman show wind off on my neck?
Well, sir, you did approve the ABC Fall lineup. Why are you talking about?
Sir, remember that meeting we had in May in New York with all the TV executives?
I was half-crap that morning you won. Oh.
I just got back from a $13 bender with one of the skrippers from the Offer Club.
Oh. Who's responsible for this show? Well, sir, would you like me to fire someone?
No. That's too good for whoever put this piece of crap on. I want you to come.
Kill them, sir. May them fire. Pop.
Sir, sir, isn't that a bit extreme?
Hey, Eiger, it's not called show hobby, isn't it? It's called show business.
Yes, I know that, sir. You know what, remember when one of our brainiacs decided to make a movie
out of a country bear? Absolutely. But just say he no longer has an office on my Disney lot.
Oh, so he's moved on to another company? He's no longer with the company. That's right.
That's the good way to put it, I suppose. Oh, good, good, good.
It goes a little further than that. I'm sorry, sir?
Yeah, we killed him. What? He's dead. Dead, sir.
Because of the country bear? Because of the country bear.
And I'll tell you what, I want whatever Yehu created came then.
Very right on top of him.
Buried on top of him, sir?
Do you have a problem hearing along with all of your other inadequacies?
Why do you keep repeating what I say?
I just didn't understand you saying bury him on top of the country bear's guy.
What part of bury him on top of the country bear's guy?
It's confusing to you. Do you know where the country bear's guy is?
A court? I know where he's buried, you Yehu.
What do you think we should do? He's under your office.
Oh, geez. Under your desk. Oh, boy.
He's a loose floorboard.
Well, sir, I'm about to go into a meat body under there.
Yeah, there's a country bear body under there.
Okay. Put the caveman guy on top of him.
Sir, can I just make a few phone calls?
Him or you?
What, sir? Him or you?
What do you mean?
Him or you?
I might just murder you, Bobbiter.
Sir, I know how you hate me repeating what you say,
but did you say murder me?
Why, you tapeth?
No, I don't believe I said anything like that.
You're trying to catch me in some sort of scam operation.
No, sir. Why would you say that?
I didn't say anything like that.
So if you happen to disappear,
and like nothing to do with me, then...
Then...
No, sir.
Try to tape me Linda Twitt mother.
What's that Mickey's mouth, man?
He's got a nasty mouth.
It's Mickey mouth.
I'm going to be his got the cleats for his feats.
947, we're going to make 950.
What did I tell you? When that nice number,
are you going to make a thousand Christmas?
No.
We're going to come close to a thousand?
No.
No.
No.
So there you go.
Smarty pants.
Eye-up-all does.
And you should.
Profusely.
The mayor of a mascot, Florida,
I never heard of it,
did you, it's in central Florida.
Nope.
Lost a bid for reelection this week,
hours after he was released from custody on
molestation charges.
Wow.
Jeff Kroll, 66, received 31.6 percent of the votes,
compared to 68.36 percent,
challenger Feliciano Pilex Ramirez received
accordingly, like County Supervisor elections.
A message left for Kroll by the AP was not returned.
Kroll was charged Monday with six counts
of ludentious molestation,
and one count of showing ludentious
material to a minor.
It's believed the alleged victims
went to Kroll's house to use his computer.
After his arrest, Kroll compared a
a complaint of chest pains
that was taken to South Lake Hospital
where he spent the night in intensive care.
What happened to my opponent is very unfortunate situation,
but I believe that it didn't have any
impact on the outcome of Maristole DAP.
I do know everywhere I went,
I had a positive and encouraging response.
Well, good for him.
Good to goody gum shoes.
Goody goody gum drop.
Excuse me.
Gum shoe is like a private dick.
Yes.
Goody goody gum drop.
Excuse me.
Okay.
All the good cliches all the time.
951 vote on our award winning pool.
How do you like that?
Didn't I tell you that I'm 50?
And did we sell out our 50 certificates
for Joseph Sondowater in 55 minutes?
Yes, we did.
A banner day,
which means I might show up again someday.
Here's the pool result on our embarrassing pool.
And it was, it was weak.
League Charlie.
If a child of mine ever called a cops on me,
I blank.
Probably would give him good reason to do two 81.
Not only is the pool bed,
but my reading of it is even worse.
Probably gave him good reason to do two 81.
Would the beat the Schmidt out of him to 29?
Would they have guilt trip on him
the last the lifetime?
117.
Don't have kids.
Don't want them.
86.
Wouldn't love him any less.
56.
Wouldn't would disown him 51.
Would kick him out of the house 49.
Would the right amount of my will 36?
Would kill the bastard.
But third man.
And would never speak to him again 18.
A 950.
952.
Not bad, huh?
952.
Not bad.
And what are you thinking?
What am I thinking?
That's good say.
Cleans.
Haha.
Yeah, dad.
For the feats.
It's one of those things that gets in your head.
Oh, boy, does it under your skin.
And you kick it out.
That's all we're going to say all day long.
Cleans for my feats.
He he.
Clear channel communications,
which owns seven South Florida radio stations,
said third quarter profit gain 51%.
As billboard and airport ad sales rose more than anal
associated but.
But.
Ad sales in the radio division were off 1%
and income rose to 279.7 million or 56 cents a share
from my 186 million or 38 cents a share a year earlier.
The San Antonio based company sent the statement today.
Sales rose 5.5% to 1.73 billion.
Radio sales fell 1% to 882 point two million because of
declining political and car ad sales.
As of last Friday and revenue is down 4.7% this quarter.
What a shame.
Let's take up a question for a cheap channel on the street corner.
Although I have a thing they probably pay their bills.
I don't know.
I haven't heard anything otherwise.
Yeah, I don't hear anything about other companies
that don't pay their bills and don't pay their people on payday.
It seems to be a beastly thing.
Maybe the beastly is could use some cleats for their feats, huh?
It's for the thing.
It's for the thing.
Couldn't hurt.
In South Florida clear channel zones WBGG big.
Why 100?
Winds used to be, well used to be WNZ.
Now it's scared America.
WOD, love 94.
That's interesting love 94 is 93.1.
I never knew that till this moment.
How, why is it love 93?
93.9 it must be.
I think that's a typo.
It's in the middle of that rock and roll station that WNZ used.
WMGE that's cost by the way.
We had the store enemy other day.
WMGE 94.9 which used to be Zato of course.
And WMIB, and in black 103.5 which used to be she
and used to be a great radio station.
And now look at what they've done boy.
You could go all up and down the dial.
AMFMPMBM.
Up and down the dial and just shake your head.
That'd be disgraceful what they've done.
I think that sitting here this half hour.
I finally grew the pair that I needed too.
You know the, I don't want to go into it on the air.
But you know.
I think this is, this is the day.
Today is D-Day.
To eliminate tourists.
I mean you have to take care of family business.
That's right.
Take care of all family business today.
That's where I think.
Thank you.
You know you could use a lucoprotcy.
I could use it.
Couldn't hurt.
But I think when the little hand hits the big hand at two o'clock
I'm going upstairs and taking care of family business.
Once and for all I wish you luck.
But whatever happens we'll be here one way or another.
Yes.
What does that mean?
You'll be there.
I'll be here.
You know like me need me to be here.
Like the Jackson 5 like Michael Jackson will be there.
Oh boy.
You'll make me play that now are you?
No. Why you got it?
I got it all buddy.
George has got it.
Maybe if I maybe we'll just play this instead of this boss at 9.55
I want to play uh pleats for my feats.
Yeah.
Say that for right tomorrow.
We're going to have four hours of it.
And don't forget to give me that drop in the morning by the end.
Oh.
Yes.
You're right.
An interesting part of it is I had a Michael Jackson story in my pile
but the good news is we don't have time to get to it.
I think that's it's day.
Oh.
If I am a town.
At 5.60 WQ.
Way down.
Yonder.
In the heart of Dixie.
The land of cotton.
And hypocrisy.
Their trucklets are cranking.
Up with a fan of me.
The church is a peace and food.
All the apps in the room.
Whistle, that's sensation.
The Christian redness.
New recreation.
Whistle, that's sensation.
Whistle, that's.
Whistle, that's sensation.
All of God's human.
In God's country.
Mountain, hill, day, okay.
In trebuchet.
The hill, there ain't no light.
Most definitely.
Their horny.
Very poor.
So they great more.
Whistle, that's.
Sensation.
Whistle, that's.
Whistle, that's.
Bye.
