Oh
Baby launch a couple missiles
Oh
Toward a place we know
Yes
And he no matter fella
Whose first name begins with old
There's one thing we all understand
Oh my god
Alcatal won't be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase him round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
That special forces are so tired
Of jumping through them loose
You don't need another plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And we'll blow up Pakistan
Oh right
Alcatal needs a nuclear tank
Why don't we stop pussy foot
And blow up Pakistan
Toto tooto tooi
Wow
That's a good idea we should have done a long time ago
Blow those bastards right off the face of the globe
Let's get a hold of our buddies in India
At least they used to be our buddies back in the day
And the Nukam man
Let's start WDW3
They're definitely a deputy master once
He wants WDW3
Anyway thanks to little George for filling in yesterday
Boy George is the greatest
He really is
Thank you so much
All of my birthday
And I wanted to work on my birthday
I had some stressful issues early in the day
And then it turned out to be a great day
It turned out to be a wonderful birthday
Even the one fortunately the number of the birthday blows
65
Oh 65 but he's still alive
Now you've got to start your social security
Or you've opting
No I'm not going to do that
No
Oh because then you get taxed
If I do it now I get taxed at the full high rate
My financial planner was a good guy
But a little bit eccentric, strange
Okay
I was on the way to a woodbind one day last week
And he calls me the new deal with him
Is he calls me from the treadmill
Oh that's nice
Yeah he's on the treadmill
This is about the third time he's always done it
Oh I need to let's uh
You know
Even the treadmill or he's in the middle of some kind of a bus
You know sexual peck or dillow
But in any rate now he's on the treadmill
He told me
And first he tells me how to start collecting my social security
Where I will get it now and I say well it's like
You know 18-hour bucks a month or something
Like that, 1700 I think
It's just not uh
And then by the time we got done with the conversation he changed his mind
Or you should wait because you get taxed at the full amount
Probably, maybe if he spent less time on the treadmill
I mean he's done very well for me
He's a good guy and I want to knock him on the air
But he's just the eccentric, strange
Strange
You know what I mean?
People are a little bit strange
People are strange, I've heard it
I've heard tell
Anyway thanks to George for filling in with me
He made my birthday off yesterday
He had a great day
He had a great lunch and then I had a great dinner last night
And yes I even had dessert because it was my birthday
And my blood sugar this morning wasn't great
But it wasn't back in the category of last week
When it was really oh off the map
Off the radar was bad
It was okay
And I got to be honest with him
I know it's not going to sound good if I say this about the audience
But it's been going on forever anyway
I've always said this show is like a mirror of South Florida
What it's all about and it is
Although we love Joey
Thank you Joey
We said a fact which is George Pastelon
Thank you Joey
We love you
Got a nice thing from the suds
Suds and pan
Got an email from them
Got a couple of uh
Facts is here
Al says uh
All the best on your special day
It was so special it was good
Jonathan Plantations says happy birthday and thanks for the great years
And sacrificing your sanity working for moron so we can all be more informed
Thank you Jonathan
And then of course there's Joey
Thank you Joey
Well I can't tell him what Joey told us but it was really great
No
But whatever
What's this back here
Oh it's a pole
Oh baby George from my space
I think this is the same George from my space
That ripped uh what's your name?
Lucy Lopez?
Maybe
Rip through an ass
Did you get a copy of that or not?
No
For the pull of gambling
The worst thing that ever happened to you
Gambling
Oh we're looking at what it says at the bottom
Sports, sports gambling
Gambling, do we want to put that on there?
Sure you want
Well then we want to put like an addiction or something?
Is that on there?
Addiction to a boozy, very icy
Addiction to gambling sounds good, well whatever
And even Chris at the AO thing yesterday it was awfully nice
That was sweet
Yeah well you know I got to
And I said well you know it's not going to be a very good day
It's crappy but it turned out to be a great day
I had a wonderful day
That's very good
Are you pleased?
Yes
Now we have 1477 my space friends
And while I don't want to dwell on the my space
Because the rest of the audience hates that like poison
I got to tell you this
And I've told a couple of people
Listen to like you've got to be kidding me you know
I mean you know birthdays come once a year
It's like our anniversary on March 1st
You know the show anniversary
South Florida has to be forgetting about the weather
I'm just talking about the people and this is one of the reasons that I despise it like poison
And why so many people bail out?
They stay there a certain amount of time and then why so many other people are just desperate to get out
The people baby
The people cold as the Arctic
Is there any doubt about that?
Nope
I keep trying to tell people that people that have never lived anywhere else
That maybe took a bus trip somewhere for a weekend or something that that's the only time that they've ever been out of this town
And the experience here even though I've been here like for the greater part of the last six years
It's just amazing how friendly people are and how polite and not on the road though
That's the only story but you won't find that anywhere
But just polite friendly
Oh there's that strange Candace Aiken again
The woman's missing aunt
What is that thing?
Did the sheer flander what?
Look at it. Wow
But at any rate
I would say I didn't count them which is a good thing because I'm going to exaggerate
How many birthday greetings did you get out of 1477 live space friends?
I would say
About 30 men
I think that's an exaggeration more like probably 25
Not that it's a big deal but it's just a way of being nice
Just friendly and nice. Hope we had a great birthday
Happy
I still say they're confused because of the show birthday
What are you talking about?
If they don't get to listen to the show all the time or you know whatever they don't know that your birthday is actually yesterday
They think it's the day of the page
They think what?
They think it's the birthday on the right page
That's what people go buy at university
No
I don't think so
So in other words you tell me the overwhelming majority of those 1477 people don't know that yesterday was my birthday and that I'm an official little fart
I don't buy it
You make excuses
In fact even of the people who listen
Now you told me I had three birthday cards that came in a mail
And that's a lot that's a pretty great number compared to the last few years
Usually it's like one or two
31 and a half years in this market on the year
And you know there's some people that like me some people hate me like poison but we are less just
Just out of
You would think you know what I'm saying you would think
And of course a big part of that is this station we don't get any mail on the station back at i.o.d.
And all the other stations I worked at in the past you always get you know fairly good amount of mail remember that you have tremendous amount of mail at i.o.d.
Yep
And at INZ and at Zeta and like you know on real radio stations now we got this and it's like I don't know
Although the pay is good for me
So Friday oh and by the way thanks so much to Joe Bell who sent me a email on top of the call on Friday
Send me a email yesterday happy birthday Neil that was it that was it
Although I don't want to hear from him anyway so he called me Friday afternoon ostensibly to be the first to wish me happy birthday
Even though my birthday was yesterday and I thought well I don't know I'm not buying that
And then the real purpose of the call was to lay the bad news on me which he thought was good news I guess
I guess that we're taking my temperature again he had the old back over the moment to see how Neil's going to react to this
And the problem is I always react the same way if they would ever put something good on you
I'd say gee that's really great you know
If they were put something on here that made any sense I'd say like when they brought your rose back I said hey that's fantastic
Fabulous not as in fabulous sports fame when he told me that I just I didn't know whether to scream or drop a gigantic load on the sofa
I don't know what they're doing now huh what yeah they like it look if it's if it sucks if it failed like you said man
And you have never spoken true words in your life if they like it two things you can be positive of number one
It sucks and number two it's going to fail if they like it and they being clearance and jolly
Fat as Joe the absolute worst cut and while she just tried out she's going to be here locally you know I hope they
Get a chair bigger up by the way maybe the one in Hank uses they're ready to try to float that balloon down here locally
She's on the night in fact let's take a look at the lineup we got the mad dog or two we got the power hour with
Mad dog in the departing Henry Goldberg between four and five five to seven at tank and then after that believe me
Take your radio and float it in the toilet
Dolphins all asses with Jimmy Syphilis and Joe Bailey from seven of nine is that infomercial continues
That's when everybody runs away from the station like it had a leprosy
Nine to midnight auditioning again keep in mind we have the fabulous sports babe
Oh my god
Wow
If it first you don't succeed fail fail again and then he is being radio overnight
Oh my god
The fabulous sports babe I guess the last said the better way you know because oh I said plunge
Did you really sure?
Oh but in my case it's like oh well Neil never supports anything we do yeah well like I said put something good on here like how come Evan Cohen we keep
Around about how good this kid is you want to replace any K with somebody that you know that can develop into something you know get a
Number in there how about Evan Cohen right off the bat I never even heard him but people tell me he's like okay I'll tell you who I think is pretty good
Chris and I only heard with those updates in the morning Jesse Agler he has very good voice yes he sounds like he belongs on here he sounds like a block
Casta he sounds like a radio person somebody that really belongs on the radio the fabulous sports babe if it first it fails
Please bring it to QAM
Jolly Joe Bella man with a death wish I don't know about for himself but he sure got it for this radio station and you're doing a heck of a job
Brownie Hound heck of a job fat Jolly Joe
I guess that's my birthday gift is the fact of the sports babe to which I would say yeah thank you I didn't have two good meals yesterday
Well one good meal then it was good lunch was a little on the I don't know a small me side I went to a place where we've gone many many times
And the steak was like a thin you know how they pound feel real thin yes well this was a filet mignon it was pounded this city it was like a dry piece of like
Saudost dry a sawdust not good well nothing's perfect you know I had a good day 10 13 at 5 60 W
So thanks to those people that send me their happy birthday greetings and it's a select and small number believe me and the rest of the people I screw you you fat old
Faggot you know like that and screw them too it's another week another great restaurant offer on meals half price deals by the way
Stoo gotses have it up bits of the time selling his out from weeks ago starting Thursday even by a hundred dollar gift certificates for 50 bucks and Joseph's on the water they're back on the hemisphere condominium
Complex right next to the intercoestal hell and they'll be each Joseph's famous for the freshest seafood in town
Tulapia rainbow trout mahi mahi swordfish Atlantic group or yellowtail or red snapper and North Atlantic salmon too be sure and try Joseph's house specialties
Sesame seared tuna fresh snapper filet main lobster and delectable stone crabs now in season and meat eaters will save it their New York strip juicy and delicious
Of the roasted brisket or filet mignon a task at a ticket I can't wait to taste their brisket Joseph's on the water 1975 South Ocean
Driving Hall and ale on the hemisphere condo property called 954 455 696 and I'll thanks to federal nearly can buy a hundred
Dollar certificates and half price just 50 bucks and a store opens around noon this Thursday on prestigious wqam dot com
What's the best talent?
You don't get no logics?
Fortress you'll find sixty qam
The sports leader
Oh good
Down about the road and run down jacks you got to do the best baby right and tap his back
Just to celebrate in a Christian way after hanging up the filler that they thought was gay
Life like a rebel but the South's gonna do it some man or it's him
Stand as easy may your boat when jumping out the pit into find church going dresses like any split
At the first back the church of the natural greens they got my life cranking out meant the pet of me
So fly fly like a rebel but the South's gonna do it some man or it's him
So freak out
Stand like a cradle get down
Breathe spot casual rebel pull around
You made a sister look good be proud and do like Jesus would fly like a rebel
I just thought I was gonna do it some man or it's him
And again that's it it's Christian run well you know they gave the rolling you didn't get it done
Can't spell a word and that figure the sport bases those song you folks the name of their lord
Education is the devil and the South's gonna do it some man or it's him
Judge the day is coming down the track before this time with the brutal boys and gals taking their lives
Can't get any dumb or dead Southern fried tracers robber to make a place
Let's cross
Oh you're a big crowd you're a 25% real out when the beating of your center of the ground
More of them hold the interval down depends to break more in and grab another but take the
To 19 at 560 WQ a.m. Or if it feels we like it bring it over here man if it sucked we love it
Oh guess so who else sucks Cox radio okay Cox radio which operates four stations in South Florida said
Third quarter profit fell 16% oh as declining sales of radio stations in Florida Texas
And Ohio counter growth in the Atlanta market mid income dropped to 20.2 million to 21 cents a share
From 24 minutes 25 cents a share the year earlier Cox operates 80 or 80 any stations nationwide
They stink by the way they were not like Beasley but they stink including South Florida's WDR WFLC the coast
WHDR and how one oh five what's WHDR that's
93.1 okay
That's the question they used to own WIOD back when some of us worked there before they sold it to
Buddy Bug Paxon who in turn WIOD oh I hate that state sold it to T-Channel
Anyway here's the poll from yesterday what's the best thing that ever happened to you
Had kids 231 we had 890 votes got married 123 finally got laid 120
Sex fantasy fulfilled 99 see those two side by eights there got a great job 91 quit a hated job 88 got to
Voris 58 recovered from a serious illness 42 and won a game lots of money 38
One or game lots of money and of course today we turn that baby right around
On offer your Georgia's gonna have a thing this so we can Saturday night 9 o'clock
P.M. at the tequila ranch at Seminole Hard Rock for the Corona light what does that say spelled wrong
Elimination football final look how they swallily little food elimination football what
Illuminati wrote this food ball
What not football
Well I got hooked up on the eliminate I heard it's that the spelling well that's my good friend Lee who's gonna be the food ball tournament with me
He's dumb be easy. You're dumbly the Corona light elimination
Fuzball finals get there at 7 p.m. for last chance qualification tournament to make the thousand dollar finals from 9 to 11
Enjoy $5 buckets of Corona light and great food specials to plus try your luck with a QM prize wheel for a chance to
In Panther tickets wow anybody want those no the place to be this Saturday night tequila ranch with QM and little
Torge
Okay, here's the poll today as we take yesterday's bull me turn her right around
696 what's the worst thing that ever happened to you?
Death of a loved one 239
Addiction to boozer drug 62 got married 54. G.I. wonder what George voted for
Pet died 52
Sirius Elmer's Rangery 44 started smoking 44
Of course I don't know what that means smoking what suffered depression 40 got arrested 39 got divorced 28 got fired into
27 bad breakup 26 molester as a child 18 was rated at nine some people more than once
Dota Dota Dota Dota
Got caught eight doing something was beaten up five addiction to gambling only one or one I guess who facts that in
Addiction to gambling out of 700 vote. What do you think Chris? We got a chance at a thousand. Are you sure?
Here we got a nod why? We can do a thousand
The former pastor the Believer spade center in Irrudell County. This is in the North Carolina
Accused last year of sexually assaulting minors has pleaded guilty of taking indecent liberties with children and then placed on probation
Suspended a sentence
Placed on probation my ass
Carl Edward Nixon and Elis and Charlotte
Entered his guilty pleas Friday in court houses in Irrudell and Rowan counties
You these places anywhere near your joint I pass by him on the way to the house
He was placed on probation for five years in Irrudell and four years in Rowan the defense lawyer said he'll be on intensive
probation for the first six months will have daily contact with a probation officer
Nixon 66. Oh, and I don't want to say down here about Stephen Colbert
He was on eat the press this weekend. He's about as funny as a broken toe. I mean, I'm sorry
I know I'm way out of step. I had to allow with the youngins man by saying these things first
It was John Stuart and I was right in Colbert, but he's just when he doesn't prompt you stuff
It was it was desperate. There's nothing worse than somebody who is not funny trying to be funny and for Tim Russert and the people
I meet the press to waste that segment with all the important crap that's going on in the world and to waste that segment with a guy trying
Desperately to be funny and I mean dry as bucket of sawdust and
And then not funny
And going on about his hero was Richard Nixon and I just just dumb stupid crap not funny. Sorry
And you agree I'll you want to say that alone no no the show is funny
But I've seen him in interviews and off the show and he's not good lie all spontaneous runs script. It was the worst
Nixon 66 is now employed as a truck driver. He's driving it
He must register as a sex appender with the state can't be around children without another adult president a friends lawyer said he must also perform 50 hours of community service
Two women in Nixon's church sold the thirties that Nixon made in appropriate contact with them more than 10 years ago when they were 11 and 14 years old
Detective Sergeant Bill Hamby told the observer after the pastor would charge in
2006 probation was appropriate because electronics and accepted responsibility for his conduct
They said and the conduct to curing the late 80s and early 90s. It's long time ago
Oh
Wow
A year from election day and they say guess who remains the person to beat swallery who I'm depressed
I'm gonna sneeze. I'm a
There's my birthday sneeze
Oh see man, I see I have allergies there
With the election of the next president of the year away senator swallery Clinton remains the person to be a
CNN opinion research corporation pull police yesterday suggests as the countdown begins to November 4th
2008 the New York Democrat continues to dominate the race of the Democratic presidential nomination and comes out ahead
When voters are after they prefer her or Rudy Giuliani
But Clintons pat to the White House is in no way certain
Clinton was criticized for a performance during a debate last week and arrivals for the Democratic nomination
It's stepped up attacks that she's equivocated on a position on a rack or an another major issues all of these
all of these things
The Republican presidential candidates have also stepped up their attacks on the Democratic frontrunner
Would each suggest in that he has the best chance of stopping swallery and the attacks may be working
The CNN opinion research pull suggests that Clinton's support has slipped from its height one month ago
Clinton's strength is about where it was throughout the summer indicating she's lost the support she gave last month
But the Obama hasn't yet cut into her core constituencies CNN political director Keating Hollins said
Clinton is the top choice of 44% of the likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll her closest rival senator Barack Obama
Villanois was the top choice of 25%
Oh look at that. Hello
Yes, it is yes
Yes, okay
This should be pretty interesting. Okay
No, I'm not really, but go ahead. I've got one minute. No
please
Yes
Right
For Christmas now let's a hold off on that
Right now that's not how they
Thanks very much
I love that how about for a year from Christmas. What's about a purchase? I made in T-Slamia. Can you talk now?
Of course not bitch
Clinton is the top choice of 44% of the likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll her closest rival Barack Obama was the top choice of
25% former senator John Edwards 14% oh there's allegedly a sex scandal about the end of words. Oh, that's gonna come out
All right
Don't you love that well you can't have that kind of hair and not pull around wife looking like that
Oh
But doesn't that take away some of the sympathy where there's you know cancer stricken my wife. Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever
Well, whatever is right all other Democratic candidates and single digits New Mexico governor Bill Richardson was back by 4%
Joe Biden at Delaware 3% Chris not only 2%
Well, I represent a little Dennis Kissinger 2% and Alaska Center Mike Grovel was it 1% with that Grovely voice
I can't believe it says here elimination
Fuseball files, you know your buddy Lee is a literate. He's an idiot
He's a good guy. What do you know?
There's a lot of good guys who are literate and stupid, you know, you're dumbly. I have to break the news. Oh, there he goes again ripping all his co-horts his co
Yeah, well too bad the fabulous sports babe my ass. Oh look at that. I'm way past that's because of that stupid phone
By the way, we had a there's an anonymous report since she was in the building taken to her last night. Yeah, Hank and drag was what somebody said about it
Hank and drag well the real Hank is leaving. Maybe we got Hank and drag now to it
Yeah, maybe you should wind up doing five to seven or something like that they could drag her into his old spot. Yeah, well they
Crane
28 past 10 at Q.A.M.
You got to get naked. Are you nude right now?
Yeah, you're singing as wretched and your outfit is ridiculous. I can see you over time
You know, so his nakedness with a perfect we're gonna do a vaginal honor and check our cervix
We're gonna have a rainbow coming out of my hoo ha you get this even naked
True true my vagina will never be the same
But okay see if I said you had a beautiful body, would you take your pants off and dance around a little?
No vagina was itching to the beat of the band
Okay, like what I be able to do that with my vagina
We're in clean underwear definitely not wearing my underwear
By the way, I'm not hanging on doing
And you'll be great to stress your it's still in the last week while you were on vacation early in the week
Most of it early all the we did avoid having Robert Reaper under on Wednesday. We had the two days of Zach. Yeah
Zach was okay. It was fine. You know, but anyway, so Josh Cordis bleached douchebag
Okay until I stream this ass out. I think he said it a couple of times. Oh good. Yes
Well, you know the rules keep changing because somebody over there in Naples keeps making them because we go along based based on nothing
Just based on oh jeez you can't do that. I don't know why I don't say that yeah, right bitch. So he asked bitch
I think that's the worst thing that ever happened to me
Joyce bitch
We don't want to put it around the pool because nobody else will vote for it, but that's the worst thing that ever happened to me
So we have this fish
Doug Thompson writes the biggest crime of all. I think that's the biggest crime of all
I think this places the biggest crime of all the
Fabulous sports baby when he told me that I just about spit up lunch from a month before I
Stop that's Chris. I couldn't believe it the fabulous freaking sports babe again
If it first you don't succeed fail fail again over and over and over again
Come on everybody listen to the fabulous sport. We don't want to we don't want to. Oh come on. He's great
Listen to the fabulous sports babe. She blows
I remember talking about her and about this back when we were at iod
You're right. I know because this station had her on the first time and he laid a gigantic egg even the dinosaur was never leaving the egg that big
We want to launch upon it their numbers and lack thereof. Oh my god. Now we can do it from over here
It's just
scandalous is what it is and these these rednecks these knee knockers over their enables they sit around there and like
And they just hand the keys to the kingdom of these people are just destroying it. They're butchering it
It should be against the law luck they're doing here baby
And this tub of garbage calls me up to tell me oh happy birthday
Oh and by the way you give your head up on the fabulous sports babe clearance thought it would be a good to give her a chance
clearance
This is your clearest's name involvement something you know it's gonna smell like a gigantic pile of elephant dung
I was asking around steaming heaping pile of elephant dung in the equator
What I was asking around about her last night. Yeah, I didn't hear it and
Apparently she came by and said she knows nothing about the local teams
Doesn't know about the local coaches and she asked the callers to call in and tell her about all the local stuff sounds great
Sounds perfect
Sure, that was the big sell job or she's not gonna be doing the syndicated thing anymore
She's gonna be local. She's gonna have her big fat ass in right there in the studio right where hanks bad ass is
On the same six chairs
And I thought to myself oh my god you've got to be effing kidding me man
You have got to be this is gotta be like an April fool joke on my birthday or something
And sure enough there it is on the schedule so it says she was actually on last night correct
The fabulous freaking sports babe on this radio station
And she knows nothing about the local team so callers please call it and and that's the kind of person I want
That would be like if we had a show on stamp card collecting and we have somebody that doesn't know how to lick a stamp
Yeah, I had a line, but yeah look this I know no let's move it along
Wow
Just scandalous is what it is beyond scandalous
Everything you touch joebell turns to instant process Schmidt you are the Schmidt Meister
Doug Thompson writes the biggest scram of all I guess he doesn't know joebell
People that are judged by the company they keep
GeoP presidential want to be Fred Thompson jets around the country on a plane owned by a drug dealer
And top fundraiser for democratic presidential frontrunner swallery Clinton turned out to be a criminal on the land
Even a holier than now Mormon Mitt Romney found himself saddled with the top aid who posed as a cop and then ran like hell when another supporter
Senator Larry Craig copped to play for trying to get a
BJ in their fourth men's room
At least one member of the administration of every president for the last 40 years is going to jail for criminal activity
So have 217 men and women who have served at one time or another in Congress
We are a nation ruled by criminals and led by presidents who associate with lawbreakers to which I would say
Absolutely correct sir
former Nixon White House counsel John Dean Sir Tom and the federal pen for his part in the Watergate fiasco
In his book blind ambition Dean talked about spending time in the stir with mafia hitmen who told him that Nixon was a bad present and an even worse crook
Good crooks. They said don't get caught
So if you apply that standard of the crooks that dominate our government
It's easy to see why this country isn't so much trouble. We can't even let good crooks to office
Maybe our problem stems from a human fascination with crooks. They become folklore legends believe a kid
Jesse James Al Capone John Dillinger John Gotti a criminal conviction and Don Colione
Criminal conviction adds to a crooks market ability Gordon Litty went to jail for his role in Watergate
It came out with a book deal in a radio gig
Consider this more than 500 best-selling books from the last 25 years were written by ex-cons who capitalized on their crimes and their time in prison
More than half the producers and television and movies and Hollywood have criminal records
Mostly drug related defenses so to many actors and actresses many of the stories about suspended land of Falcons quarterback Michael
Fick headed for jail on dogfighting charges and focused out on a heinous nature of his crimes
But in the effect the conviction will have on his market ability and the Falcons Super Bowl chances
former Ohio Congressman Jim traffic and went to jail for conspiracy
But current Congressman James Rannovergina is a known wife-beater or the record of assaulting anyone
Disagreased with him including his colleagues in Congress
former GOP congressional leader Tom Belay is still under investigation in indictment for multiple crimes
But shows up on political talks shows as a so-called political expert
So does John Dean and ex-con not only went to jail for his crimes, but escaped further punishment by writing out his boss
As a society we've become dismissive of those who break the law
Scandal dominates so much of the news that we suffer from scandal fatigue and look for ways to accept not condemn criminal behavior
So should we be surprised when so many of our candidates for prison surround themselves with criminals and others with questionable ethics
We're not surprised, but we should be upset
Sadly the fact that we are may not be the most criminal part of this whole mess
This the fact that we are not well, I've misread the last two bad
I'm still all whipped up about that freaking fabulous sports car
She fakes orgasms. I fake for play David Copperfield eyes a woman in the audience at one of his Vegas show
You it was creepy like told me about David you was here
And every girl is freaking in anyone might get picked up
His email will come to you you won't know you've been conned
Oh cop the field right on you would pull his magic wand
You could be with someone you could be 18
He won't stare right at you he's magically obscene
Just watch when you want to when when asked to pick a card
I'll strap right down and show you a trick that's very hard
You
Can I show you a little magic excuse me while I whip this time
Oh, that was just plain crazy
Uh 1046 for how come we don't hear anything more about them by the way
There was a story just like Joel Feinberg beating up their girlfriend
These stories didn't really have much legs as they said no, I mean no, I didn't why is that I don't know
Well, these David Copperfield it sounds to me as one of these magic guys who isn't gay which is unusual. I you're right
It is
The fabulous sports babe tonight tomorrow. We got the beast on Thursday 10 to midnight
Wow, and then Friday we got hurricane basketball. Oh my god a recipe for disaster jolly Joe
And anyway miss you can we start it on that I don't want to well. I don't want to talk more than two three hours about it. Okay
749 votes on Chris's pool there you'll make a thousand I think okay
You know
Okay, okay, don't sound like so indifferent for crying out loud. You know, I have a little enthusiasm like you know, all right
All right. That's it. I'm sorry
All right, okay work with a bunch of dollars who don't give a fine crap other than collecting a paycheck
So tell me more about that sales meeting breaking up in the hall. I just you're gonna really get me depressed
Tell you more about it. Yeah, what did you say you said you were
Wandering down as they were exiting and they were knowing about so I don't know who it was in the room talking
But I overheard somebody said yeah, we got a great radio station here and whoever they were talking to said yeah, and it's gonna be even better
I didn't recognize either the two voices
Wow
But I totaled I want to put in a necromancer place I defied
Wow I schmurked
Republican health seats in the US said at a very much in play for democratic challenges according to a new pool
Which shows GOP that's the gay old party candidates losing their races sometimes by large margins to Democrats in 4 out of 7 key battleground states
As if that's gonna make a difference is if the democrats offers any hope
The new pool commissioned by rule call and conducted by automated pulling from survey USA found presumptive democratic nominees
Stomping Republican rivals by especially large margins in Virginia and New Hampshire
There are I keep thinking about that Stephen Coolbear thing on me to press and it's just it's just in line with everything else that goes on
In this country. It's the era of mediocrity baby
If you're at least mediocre all of a sudden you're a big big fat hit
Like Robert Duval said in network you're a big fat then I can't say the word hit hit it ends with head
Just absolutely amazing astonishing
Yeah, what is this what
Hotels dot com. Oh, don't even bug you when you get spanned and then sleep and then sleep go away hotels dot com your locks
It is likely general election the general election race of Virginia between former governor Mark Warner
Democratic predecessor ex-governor Jim Gilmore Republican Warner was preferred by 57% compared with Gilmore is 35%
Things also look like for the gay old party in New Hampshire as the states former governor Jean Shaheen
maintains an 11-pointer lead over Senator John Sonunu who previously debated her for the scene 2002
Shaheen has and laid this poll from University of New Hampshire a 16-point lead
In Colorado were Senator Wayne Allard and Republican is retiring representative Mark Udall held a 48 to 41% lead over representative vibes shaker
In New Mexico the Democratic mayor of Albuquerque Martin Chavez is cleaning their own leads over two GOP House members for
nomination the states governor Bill Richardson remains an overwhelming favor in the center race
But Richardson continues to insist he's got no interest and running for the post in his constant trading on his White House bid
Right, he's got 2% for the White House bill Richardson. He's got two chances much much much less than none and forget about it
Meanwhile
The Democratic founders of Minnesota Senator norm Coleman one of which is comedian Al Franken are both falling within the margin of error Senator Coleman
Yeah, there's another one
Ha ha ha Franken's competition for the Democratic nomination is lawyer Mike Ceresi
And it goes on but
Ha ha ha yeah, sorry. I mean it's already November 6th 2007
Well, there's nothing else going on you know Pakistan is like up in arms and your president says well
I don't do that, but if you still if you do it you're okay
Oh, I shot Mochara
761 votes on the pool only one addiction to gambling and that's whoever sent that in we feel bad for them
There's nothing worse than being addicted to anything like sugar
How about the worst thing ever happen to you getting fat how's that?
Okay, you don't think you are
You're the you're the mr. Anti-Fat Millicent guy right? That's right. What what what what does that mean?
What does what mean on the anti-fat militant guy?
Right you're you're more about trying to save fat people yeah, I'm failing so far right
Yeah, when you got a purview you're like y'all right Joe Bell speaking of fat people you're batting a thousand
Well the only thing I haven't tried is kidnap and locking people up in like a shed somewhere when the pain around their ankle
And only eating them the right foods that's the only thing that I haven't tried because no
I'm talking a few days there is a meeting on my birthday, but I'm gonna be able to cheat on my birthday and I'm begging
Blackmail none of that works
Well here's some good news and not that nothing's gonna go anywhere
But it's a good piece of news for somebody that is so anti this whole religious a sick
Sick twisted thing man the whole world is full of religion of getchies who are killing each other and then want to kill us too
We don't have any uh, yeah, do whatever you want to leave us alone. That's all I won't do it
CBS news is learned that Senator Charles Grasley of Iowa the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee is investigating
Six prominent television as ministries for possible financial misconduct
What is worse than yesterday the ministries demanding that financial statements and records be turned over to the committee by December 6th
According to Grasley's office the Iowa Republican is trying to determine whether or not these ministries are
improperly using their taxes instead as churches to shield lavish lifestyles is if there's something doubt, you know
As if this is a debatable fact
It's like the thing about going to war in Iraq based on lies
Oh, there's some real debate there not not
The fact that Bush and Cheney and Rumsfeld all belong in federal prison as if there's some debate there which there is not
The fact that the favor of the sports babes back again for another trial and QM at night as if there's some debate about whether that's going to be a big hit not
Hit my ass with what
The state six ministries identified as being under investigation by the committee are led by Paula white choice Meyer
Craflow dollar that's my favorite Craflow dollar any long Kenneth Copeland and Benny him
Three of the six Benny him Kenneth Copeland and Craflow dollar also sit on the board of regions for anal robert's university. Oh, well, it must be just a coincidence
Of a feather pennil the Lord together a
spokesperson for Joyce Mara Ministries provided CBS news with an IRS letter to the ministry day of October 10
2007 that said we determined that you continue to qualify as an organization
Exempt from federal income tax letter couldn't be independently verified in time for this story
The ministry also put into audited financial statements for the last three years that are posted on the organization's website in a statement
Benny Hens spokesperson Ron Tarasihan said the ministry was in the process of determining the best course of action
Responsed to the Senate investigation
World Healing Center Church complies with the laws of government church and nonprofit organizations and will continue to do so
Tarasihan wrote
In the statement of CBS news Craflow dollar
Have you ever heard of that before? Me no, I don't hang with those
Craflow dollar called as ministry an open book and said he would comply with any valid request from grassley
But he noted that the inquiry raised questions that could affect the privacy of every community church in America to frick it bad Craflow
The other three ministries didn't respond to requests for comment from CBS news yesterday
Because they have tax status as churches ministries don't have to file
IRS 990 forms like other nonprofit organizations leaving much financial information largely behind closed doors
The letters in yesterday were culmination of a long investigation fueled in part by complaints from all Anthony
A crusade where against religious fraud who operates the Dallas-based Trinity Foundation
Which describes itself as a watchdog monitoring religious media fraud and abuse all Anthony that's OLE all Anthony
We've been working with him for two years Anthony told CBS news refurbished them with enough information to fill a small Volkswagen
Anthony said, I wonder if that's the same Volkswagen that Ted Bundy was driving
Anthony said after 20 years of working with media organizations to expose televangelists
He saw a liberal reform. He says that's why he turned to another tactic going straight to grassley
He's confident that grasslings inquiry will be different
What we hope is that this will lead to reform in religious nonprofits
The structure of many televangelist organizations in which the leadership is often concentrated in one person or family
Has itself in the target of criticism
churches like these are
ruled as a dictatorship said Rob Pfizer who directs research at ministry watching North Carolina which provides advice for
Donors to Christian organizations or Pitzer is his name whatever it is Rob Pitzer. I don't think we can say that
Pitzer. He's a real Pitzer
He welcomes the Senate and the committee investigation ministries lacking accountability says give a black guy to churches and Christians
Are trying to do things in the right manner right when is that gonna start do things in the right manner my ass
A dollar or a hour. Maybe that's why that crefloat dollar. Maybe he's got a good dollar flow creflo
cute
pathetic
Not as pathetic is to put in the fabulous force paid back on here. Oh jolly joe. What have you done? When will it stop?
When will they come in with guns with weapons and back your ass fat ass up against the wall and say stop already enough
He is he is a one man demolition crew. I mean he's got some health there. Obviously with little clearance
Appearance as you know as a little puss
A wrecking crew a man with a wrecking ball
jolly joe
This is your brain
Any questions
This is i with this new cima is under fire again for a it's response to a federal disaster this time the agency lands in hot water for staging a fake news conference in response to the California wildfires
Instead of legitimate members of the press those who asked the questions were actually female employees
Are you happy with the female's response so far? I'm very happy with seamless response so far
Does it respond by fema make you happy so far, I'm very happy with seamless response so far
So far is the response by fema make you happy I'm very happy with seamless response so far
Can you seem happy? Is that because of the response by fema?
So far? I'm very happy with seamless response so far. Keep fema's such a great job that we're gonna get quicker
I'm very happy with fema's response
So far think it was a whole thing was put together at the last minute
Oh boy, it's a level 02. Let's have a QM press conference. Let's get Jolly Jog Joe done and stairs right in front of the building and put a camera in front of and Mike in front of his nose.
786 votes on a full. There's the eye shot with Sheriff.
He took off the military uniform and he's wearing a really cheap ass suit.
Looks like a slob. Not as much of a slob as me though.
Oh, what's with that mach-moodach-madinajad?
Mach-moodach-madinajad, man. He is a bad wrestler. He makes me look pretty sharp.
And you'll be pleased to know that since it was my birthday yesterday, I got talked into by my new threads, you know?
Oh yeah? To my new sports jacket and my pants.
Tocks? Yeah. With socks?
Woo! Oh yeah. Go on. No, no tie.
No, togs. Togs if he togs, baby.
Daddy-o. How do I word togs? Togs. It means clothes. Don't you know? Togs?
You old timers talk like that.
No, if the togs doesn't mean clothes, who said that?
I look at that. I heard that.
Guten Tag, I heard that. Guten Tag.
5 US soldiers were killed in two separate roadside bomb attacks in Iraq yesterday, making 2007 the deadliest year for US forces in the country.
And we're worried about the fact of a sports fame. How do you like that?
Oh, she's going to be great. This station is going to be so good. It's going to be the best GD sports station in the history of Osna.
It's an industry disaster. We are the master of disaster, Fanast Jolly Joe.
And you, in two years, however long it's been, much too long, you have butchered. You have destroyed. You have bloodied it.
The deaths of the number of US soldiers killed in Iraq this year to 851. In total now we're getting close to that 4,000 number.
That will mean the number when the public finally says enough on it.
Oh, in total 3854 US soldiers have been killed since the US led invasion, the Iraq attacks, the top of Osama Hussein, our good close personal buddy in 2003.
And it goes on, but it beats that it will put it up, but it just becomes numbers. The public is immune to it. They're just desensitized.
Because they don't give a crap anyway. All I did get one more happy birthday thing there on my space.
Too late now, active the fact. Now even you are invocation last week for Chris will admit I've talked a lot about the fact that it was my birthday.
So I guess those are the people who just don't listen there on my space. Those are the listeners who care.
You can count them up. Well, there aren't very many. I'll tell you that. No, I know that's not Florida.
They don't care enough to send their very best. They don't send anything other than up your as you fatso, you know, like that.
Very sad. I mean, not sad. Nothing I cared. I'm not going to sit down and cry about it. I have other things to cry about.
What's the worst thing that ever happened to you? Death of a loved one, 265. Addiction to boozer drug, 66. Got married, 61. Oh, not a good idea.
Pet died, 56. Serious illness, a injury, 55. Got arrested, 51. Suffered depression, 47. Started smoking, 46. Got divorced, 31. Bad breakup.
How many people voted for bad breakup? 30, man. Got fired, 29. Melissa is a child, 21. Got caught doing something. 10. Was raped, did it? 10. Was beaten up, five. Getting fat, four. Addiction to gambling. Only that one. Only that poor one.
It's probably because of those damn one-hour bandits, two men, those slot machines. I like it. Although lately, for whatever reason I've been doing pretty good,
I had one disaster day about a week ago, but generally lately, for whatever reason I do pretty good, you want to know why? Why? Because if I get ahead, I run out. Oh, good.
I get like 800 ahead or 1,500 ahead. I do. I race out of there before they can take it back. Good plan, man. No, it is. That's the thing I've learned. If it's three years plus, I'll punch in my gut set.
If you get some of their money, take it and run. I mean, you know, it all depends. Especially in essence, I got that spiffy car.
Most of the time I can drive myself in or I have to get hold up 120 bucks around here for campfire.
It's not good. Here's a fact that says,
Toggs, oh, George wants to show me how smart he is. Toggs clothing, instead of closing accessories for a specified use.
Well, I don't expect you to speak for too long.
State on this 1779. Yeah, that's when it came when the word originated. I understand.
And in 1785, they stopped saying it. I never heard that in my life. Toggs. You know, you're an American. You don't speak English too good.
Well, I got news for him and the Brits are the ones that don't speak at English. And the Canadian Z. How's it going, eh?
Kind of a murky day today, you know. I know that Paulie, you get all of their still on the air.
Are they one time they get finished around three? What are they on the point of going to the library?
I don't know. I don't know and I don't care. Can you really have too much of that?
Yes. About five seconds. Oh, it's six. What is six is like 41, 42? 42.
I'm going to go all the way with the Indian Summer All Act goods stuff. That's all over with now. Damn it.
Pretty murky, cloudy and depressing. And speaking of depressing and religious crazy people and religious people are all crazy people.
Oh, you can't say that. You're not going to be dirty. Well, you know something. It's a crazy world.
It has been since the beginning of time. And it's never going to stop because nobody has the ball stand up and say,
enough with the fairy tales already enough of the blood and guts.
A young Jehovah's Witnesses died after giving birth to twins amid claims that he had refused a blood transfusion because of her faith.
Emma Gow, 22 of Telford, Shorpshire. Oh, this is the BBC.
Gave birth on October 25. All of it says 25 October. See, that's the births again.
Silly. The Royal Shrewsbury Hospital said an internal review into the case would take place.
The twins of Oynegrill are healthy, being cared for by their father, Anthony Gough, 24.
A friend said the family was going through immense turmoil and grief.
We follow the Bible that I'm staying from blood. And I've got no reason to believe that Emma didn't share those views.
The friend Terry Lovejoy added. Oh, Halleluia, Terry Lovejoy.
Isn't that appropriate for an aim in this story?
Christine Harris, a friend of Mrs. Gough's mother-in-law, Shan Gough, said the family have told me that a blood transfusion wouldn't have saved Emma.
The family have told me, said that's another British thing. Have told.
They don't know how to speak it. They don't know their grandmother. They don't know a crap from Shainola.
Tom Taylor, chief executive of the Shrewsbury in Telford Hospital NHS Trust said,
we've offered our deepest condolences to the family and our thoughts are with them at this difficult time.
Because events such as this are so rare, it's normal practice to undertake a full internal review,
also to inform the coroner so that an inquest can take place.
And inquest has been opened a journey for a day to be fixed. Emma Gough's funeral per place at the Telford Crematorium at 1530 GNT.
To your hope is when this is the fused blood transfusion because they believe that God is forbidden in the Bible.
They believe that accepting a blood transfusion is a sin. They're crazy.
Like that.
Head of science at ethics at the British Medical Association, Dr. Vivian Nathanson, said,
if somebody believes that having blood will excommunicate them from their religious pleas,
then they will often say no, except the risk of death.
And then of course, finally they say,
I'm dying over here.
Too bad. Too bad.
Do we have sympathy for people who do stupid things like that? No.
Of course not. Nope. If you want to be stupid, you're going to pay the price. But he'd me. I know that.
Oh, man. Do I know that? Well, so do you. Oh, yeah.
How much is so does Chris?
Uh-huh.
We all do stupid things. Okay. Don't feel too bad when you do something stupid.
Everybody is stupid things. Just feel bad if you keep doing things that are stupid.
And of course I do. And you do. Yep.
What's the worst thing I just got through reading this tonight?
Yeah, I don't want to overdo the pool thing again because then that guy's going to call up.
You're mailing it in with all the numbers. That's all we get from you is numbers.
Like I said, man, there's nothing like a good number.
Don't forget, speaking of numbers, we got the fabulous sports baton item at night.
Tonight, she returns to the scene of the crime.
And it is criminal. Like no mistake about it. Wow.
See, if this were a real market, if we had somebody that really wrote about radio and TV,
somebody would have already written a scathing commentary about this in one of the newspapers,
one of the local fish rappers, but they have it and they probably won't.
I mean, Tom Jicke, who's always looking for an excuse to rip this place.
Now that his buddy Eddie Kay has gone and Tom won't be filling in for Eddie Kay,
you know, feel free to rip this place again. Rip me too.
I need my name in a paper, Tom. Come on, you can do it.
Don't forget to go see George Sarri night and I still say your buddy is a goofball.
Elimination. He's cruise ball.
So he didn't spell check so what?
Well, why would you have to spell check elimination?
Well, maybe he's not good at elimination. Maybe he's not, yeah, maybe he's not good at eliminating.
I got news for him. He's in our sales department, believe you're me.
He's not, he's the promotion guy. Come on.
What are yours? Be nice.
One of my what? He's gay.
No, not that. Jewish. Yes.
Oh, what a shock.
That's the problem in his place. It's run by too many Graham.
Too many Graham.
He's talking about the gold that Joe Bell, everybody in this corner of the building is Jewish.
Too many Graham running to place.
Oh, that's right. I forgot about clearance.
And so he's in no count too.
And tied non-Semite.
Jolly Joe Bell rhymes with hell.
He's taking us straight to hell, baby.
All to be on the front pages of the freaking Washington Post and New York Times, the Boston Globe, the LA Times, Chicago Trip.
All to be on the front pages of every newspaper in the world.
Jolly Joe Bell does it again.
Worst and my shot we share of.
Worst.
Absolute lunatic, a raving maniac.
And he sits there. He sits down there on the phone with me on Friday.
And after I told him, you've got to be kidding me.
This is the worst, you know, disaster in history.
And like, well, we thought maybe because she's going to be local now.
And then if Chris is right now, you just make that up just to be a hard answer.
No, that's what I was told.
That she came on the year her first night out of the box last night, so to speak.
And she brags about the fact that she knows nothing about the local teams.
And once the callers are called in and tell, well, guess what?
I got two words to describe the local teams on me.
They suck.
That's it. That's all you need to know.
They blow.
Did I see the hurricanes lose again on a weekend?
That must have been a bad dream.
No, it was, it was real. It was a bad, bad day.
What do you mean by that?
I think everybody that was on the broadcast was very good to sleep halfway through again.
Meaning what?
It's just boring.
Oh, that was really a gacky.
Sure is a gacky fuck, okay?
I mean, when you quarterback has one completion in 14 attempts, you know?
Really? Yeah.
And which quarterback was that? Was it the only one of the, uh, that was Kirby?
Oh, well, he's, he looks fairly good. The other one's really everyone.
But neither one of them can play with a crap.
Isn't that four losses already this season?
Aren't we cursed down here? Down there?
The biggest names.
The best out of two.
The new logics.
4.30, 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvey.
Standby for news.
A particular golf course was said to be haunted by a malicious evil leprechaun who exploited
the ambitions of the poorer players.
A reportedly popped up beside one unfortunate man who was participating in a club championship.
Look, he said, if you agree, never to court a woman flirt with a girl or marry, I will help you win.
Done, said the young golfer. The leprechaun was very pleased with his conniving ways and
chuckled merrily. When the golfer was in the clubhouse being praised by the other members,
the leprechaun popped up on the shelf of a locker and said, hey, I have to have your name
for my records. What is it?
Father Murphy said the golfer. Now page two.
Jason owns a drugstore and walks in only to find a man leaning against the wall.
The owner asks the clerk howard, what's up with that guy? By the wall.
Howard says, well, he came in here this morning to get something for his cough. I couldn't find any cough syrup,
so I gave him an entire bottle of laxative.
Jason tells Howard, you idiot, you can't treat a cough with laxatives to which Howard replies, oh yeah, look at him.
He's afraid to cough. Paul Harvey.
How'd that go?
Okay, 1119 at 56. That Paul Harvey. How's Paul Harvey? Junior Dune, by the way, your close personal buddy.
How's he doing? What?
Whoever.
809 on your pole, Chris.
We love the brawmutter, the demarcation point is that we can get 800 votes by noon. I'm pretty sure we can get 1000.
And here it is. It's only 1119 and we got 809. I'm thinking about 1100.
I'm thinking about lunch. I'm sure it's home. I'm thinking about how many votes on the pole? Jesus, God.
I was shooting myself and that's what I was thinking about.
That was the best I had to look forward to. Oh, we got 1200 votes on the pole today. This must have been a great day.
Yeah, right. Bob Herbert writes in the New York Times, Hillary's tough sell.
A lot of people picking on personal related, you know what? And good, good reason for it.
I'll tell you one thing about her. She had no famous sports brave.
Hey, but then who is?
It's just, you know, something I see them print on the oil.
I want to recoil. Remember how Dracula when it was in the housing pulled up the box and held it up.
They're like recoil and held his cape up. It really, really like that.
That's what I do when I look at the schedule. I see the favor of sports.
Wow, you got to be kidding us.
The US is in the midst of the most important presidential election campaign since WW2 writes Bob Herbert.
And if there's ever been a time when women voters had the opportunity to decisively affect the nation's future, it's now.
Hillary Clinton's historic candidacy is heightened the interest of women who would no doubt have been paying close election.
Let me try it again. Who would no doubt have been paying close attention to this election any event because of its classic line of issues, including the war in Iraq, a highly uncertain economy,
and to make over these Supreme Court with its implications for abortion, civil liberties, and so on.
An actual poll conducted with the lifetime television never showed that nearly 40% of women feel that voting in the 2000-Avlesian will be more important than in previous years.
And an overwhelming majority of women who are registered to vote say they plan to go to the polls, but most of those voters are not yet committed to a particular candidate.
That means there's a treasure trove of potential votes out there among women.
But except for the recent flap over the treatment of Senator Clinton in the last week's debate, the campaigns are nearly all being waged as if the only votes that really matter are those of dim-witted guys
fascinated by big guns and insecure and immasculinity.
Six years after 9-11, nearly five years into the absurd war in Iraq, the election talk is still mostly mindless macho chatter about whose toughest, who would be bested shoving Iran around, who would be the most extreme and digging with terror.
Incredibly, torture is still on the table.
Most of the candidates would rather be locked in the cell and forced to listen to endless loops of racial and barren monologues than spend quality time on issues like pay equity or child care,
or anything else that might be a particular interest to women.
The lifetime poll was part of the cable network's nonpartisan, Every Woman Counts campaign, which is designed to encourage women to vote and speak out on important issues.
The poll on an extensive series of interviews unrelated to the poll indicate that among women, Senator Clinton has an advantage but hasn't yet closed the deal.
Cauches to a fault, like most Democrats, she hasn't generated yet the kind of excitement among women that one might have expected from the first woman with a serious shot and went into White House.
Among women who have already made up their minds, more than half 56% favor Mrs. Clinton, but according to the poll only 22% made up their minds.
When you talk to a woman about how they feel about slavery, you find that their reactions are staggeringly complex, some are obviously crazy about her, some seem to like her and lower her at the same time, and for reasons they have trouble articulating.
Many want to see a woman elected president would rather have someone other than Mrs. Clinton as the standard bearer, and a substantial number will bring up without prompting Bill Clinton's misadventures with other women.
If there's one word to describe the feeling of many women about Senator Clinton might be ambivalence, a woman from Coral Gables Florida said,
I resent the fact that so many believe that Hillary speaks for all women, she does not. I admire her and think she's well qualified, but she lacks heart.
You've got to have heart. Come on, let's all sing it together, Hillary. You've got to have heart, honey, who say you lack heart.
It may be that George W. Bush and Republicans are so unpopular now that Senator Clinton and just about a Democrat will be able to wall-send to the White House, but that's a dangerous belief for a Democrat to have a year in advance of the election.
If Senator Clinton's unable to generate tremendous enthusiasm among women voters, she's unlikely to win. She needs a big turnout among Democrats in general, and women in particular overcome the building opposition to her candidacy on the right, and among men and women who won't vote for a woman under any circumstances,
39% of the women who responded to lifetime polls said they wouldn't vote for Senator Clinton, and another 7% said they wouldn't vote for any woman under any circumstance.
The flaw in the Clinton campaign so far has been the actions of real leadership. The failure of the candidate to galvanize supporters with a vision so compelling as to be almost irresistible.
She's wishy-washy said one woman, wishy-washy, a washall. There seems to be a lot of them, the Democratic Party, right?
The problem for the terminally timid Democrats is that this isn't just a flaw of the Clinton campaign, but a potentially devastating flaw in the entire Democratic presidential field.
Week, just like Al Martino's voice in the Godfather. Week, my voice is weak. Let's watch the Godfather again.
I'm actually Godfather too, one of the channels over the weekend or whatever the hell it was the other day, and I just said, okay, that's it, I reached my saturation point.
Yeah. I mean, when you can recite all of the dialogue by heart without, you know, what's the point? We start translating it.
Exactly. I've seen it four million times already. I thought to myself, well, I will say this, I did watch the part with the Senate hearings.
They were funny.
Was Frankie Pantan sure?
And they were first with Chi Chi.
Yeah, a lot of buffers.
Yeah, a lot of buffers. Quit suffering, take buffering, and then Frankie.
I can say, the Michael Polio did this, and the Michael Polio did that.
So I said, yeah, yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure. You think the fact that the sports babes got to be big-headed tonight? Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
I want you to take a ballpoint pen right now, go into Jolly Joe Bell's orifice.
You don't want you to stick that pen right in his poop, okay, until blood starts spreading out.
Don't see high-star food, by the way, like I told you, on fire and suck, that's a safe bet.
It's really bad.
You might not.
Torista says it in a good movie, but there is a lot of flesh, so you might enjoy that aspect of it.
Well, that part's good.
A lot of shirtless guys, pretty much the whole movie.
And really?
A shirtless girl's, too, for what it's worth, but I'm talking to you right now.
What he's trying to say is, you old gay, very s.
There's something for everyone.
Well, good. That's my kind of flick, man.
Then that's going to be like some great storyline.
Or spectacular, in the back of the way.
You think about hospital too, as you can't complain about the storyline, because there isn't any.
There isn't any. Just a lot of blood and guts.
In fact, that seems to be the new deal.
Oh, that's the movie we watched yesterday.
I still saw what you did last summer, remember how much I liked the first one?
Right.
And I still, it sucked.
And what's his name, wasn't it?
The Ryan Philippi?
Philippi?
Philippi, whatever.
Freddie Prince Jr. was in it, but he spent most of his time being all cut up and bashed up and stuff like that.
Don't cut!
And then the new deal seems to be that it's just like the hospital, too, that they reach for all these different devices that everybody seems to have laying around.
All these things, you know, cutters and stabbers and...
Sure.
Everywhere you go, it just seems to be like a whole bunch of sharp things around.
You never know what you might need.
That's where I personally live, the 2IM.
The best name.
The best help ever.
The best help ever.
The best support leader.
Roger's is my lover.
Congratulations.
Get a life.
Welcome to another edition of Inside Life with Fort Hoist.
Dray Stan nasal mist is our guest today.
Yelp, Dre, yo, would you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on the over and under and the under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots, and they say you're getting close to signing that contract?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
We'll be back with more insight, lifeless, sport, holes.
It's 11.32, we got to fabulous sports bay at 9 o'clock tonight.
Oh my god.
Wow, I think I might actually catch a little bit of that.
Maybe she improved since the last time she was on the station.
Oh!
Here, she liked that.
Right at time, by the way, an accountant in there, Chris, can you handle it? I don't want you to expend too much energy.
Well, November 21, did we already do this 10 a year?
That's already up 21.
It's already up 21.
I'll see you.
You know what that is? That's two weeks from Mars, the next trend in the ratings coming out.
And let me tell you right now, it's going to be bad news for Joel Feinberg, okay?
It wasn't bad enough news when the fact that he beat up his girlfriend because he had a bad day at the track.
That wasn't bad enough news that it made both papers, although a story didn't have very much legs, we don't hear anything more about it.
But it's going to be really bad news when they drop off that bogus July, you know, where they hit like a 15-sharing man in the night and then August they had a point.
Oh! Nobody! Nobody!
I mean, that's just, uh...
Yeah.
That's over and above the call of duty.
What have I been saying about them right from the get-go?
Well, these people here have been all obsessed.
Oh, geez! You know, the ticket is kicking our ass and we're going to do that right.
They have so little measurable audience who could stick it in the teacup and have room for, uh, Godzilla left over in there.
They're doing it with mirrors.
It's like that kickin' in the ass out with sheriff guys doing it with mirrors.
I say blow up Pakistan.
Blow it off the face of the earth.
The Indians would be happy to see that.
Sure.
They hate each other with a passion.
Now, is that a Hindu and Muslim thing?
It's always all about religion.
It's always all about religion, baby.
It's like the Sunnis and the Shiites and the Kurds and the Ways and all these other crazy bastards.
It's about who's right about the pie in the sky since no one can prove it.
We got a fight about it.
Pie in the sky. What kind of is it?
Well, I had a good dessert last time.
So I'm pretty fine.
I'm a good dessert.
I never eat dessert very early.
I have the very seldom.
Bunky pie.
I had a chocolate... something.
I don't know what it was.
Like a moon.
And it had a...
Like a... it had like moose in the middle of the cake.
Not a moose, but a head like a moose in the middle.
And the top of it was like a real...
Oh, it was just... it was just a little out of here.
In fact, I wanted the whole thing.
Just bring out the whole cake.
Man.
The ranking member of the Senate Committee on Finance has launched an investigative review
of possible misuse of donations made to without walls international church
and followed by ministries along with five other Christian organizations in Tampa.
Oh, no.
Oh, this is the same story as the other one we had.
This is not about Tampa.
This is about... what's his name?
Chuck Ransley.
Oh.
About Benny Hinn.
This is the same story I've ever done this before.
It's just written differently.
World Changeers Church International.
So what does it say, Tampa?
Well, maybe this is from the St.P. Times.
Something like that.
Well, that's bad, they aligned.
The first day, you were 60-50 years.
Now, is this my 65th year, my 66th year?
Oh, here we go.
Well, I like the white 2K thing.
That was my 66th year.
Right.
That is right.
It's the first year, my 66th year.
That is right.
If I had one more 6th year on there, I'd be the anti-cress.
Yeah.
If only you were born on November 2nd.
Why don't you hear the anti-cress lady?
Hello, no.
How would I say two questions?
To ask you a question.
I know I was watching your program on...
On Whammy, on My Emmy.
Whammy, on My Emmy.
The 15th.
And I would like to know if you're some kind of anti-cress, something.
Yes.
Because now my son wants to worship the devil, because he thinks it's cool.
And he also wants to just as ladies and then pull the stick on now.
I don't know if the whole 10 or 59 is the anti-cress channel.
Yeah.
Please, I'm really concerned.
And I would like to know if you're the anti-cress.
Thank you.
And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop in TV water.
Because now you turn my phone into a baguette.
And you make my son serve the anti-cress.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
And have a nice day.
Sure.
Of course.
Oh, thank you.
And have a nice day.
And by the way, here's another one for you.
Oh, my God.
You know, isn't it a shame that we can't say what we really would like to say more than a shame?
It's authentic.
I mean, it's something that I would like to say about people who are just more than dirt.
A constitutional amendment to band-game marriage in Florida is closing in on a spot on the 2008 ballot triggering a political battle that could sway voters in the presidential year.
Florida for marriage, the group pushing the amendment is guarded 597,000 signatures and needs only 13,000 more to put it before the voters.
Proponents of the ban are heartened by poll showing that the amendment has a good chance of getting the 60% of votes necessary for passage.
People intuitively understand why marriage should be between a man and a woman said John Stemberger had a Florida for marriage.
This campaign is not a shot in the dark.
The issue is more complicated than it sounds.
Game marriage is already illegal in Florida because it's a state that adopted the federal defense of marriage act which defines marriage as a between a man and a woman.
Writing that into the state constitution with Perent State judges from overturning the law to allow gay marriage as the state Supreme Court did in Massachusetts.
In some states, though, ban some of the one proposed in Florida have opened the door to lawsuits challenging all domestic partnership benefits.
In Florida, this city such as Tampa, Gainesville and Miami Beach have domestic partner registries where unmarried couples, gay or straight can sign up and be allowed to share health insurance benefits and government jobs and also receive medical cards along each other to visit the hospital.
In South White Florida, such benefits are only offered in the private sector which hasn't been challenged under the ban in other states, which opponents of the ban say is possible.
When the amendment passed in Michigan, however, an appeals court ruled that because of the amendment, local and state government offices no longer could be legally allowed same-sex could allow, legally same-sex couple.
There are no gay gay people in Michigan. Opponents of the amendment of Florida say the same thing could happen in government offices where domestic partnership benefits are offered.
Hopefully to imitate the success in Arizona, the only state to vote down the gay marriage ban. Opponents of the amendment are focusing on a potential for those kinds of lawsuits, not the polarizing issue of gay marriage.
Organizers are courting straight couples and committed relationships to help persuade voters to turn down the amendment.
Their central message is that the amendment could prevent all unmarried couples from receiving the benefits or protections that married couples receiving that could bring financial hardship to seniors especially.
Voters need to be aware that this issue is limited to having to do with gay and lesbian people, said, Derek Newton.
I wonder if he's kind of a kind of Wayne Newton, the Fig Newton.
Leader of the Florida Red and Blue Aynon partisan group formed a made-of-fight ban.
Of all the things I've ever eaten in my life, Fig Newton, I think, is one of the most disgusting, oh, figs.
Fig.
F figs.
Anyone who's not married at some point in the future may not be married. This is going to impact them.
The Florida Red and Blue campaign features Wayne Rowan and Helene Millman, senior citizens from sunrise, who've been together 24 years but are not married because then Millman would lose her late husband's pension.
Stemberger had a Florida for marriage, said the campaign is using a scare tactic.
They can't talk about gay marriage because if they did, they would have to discuss the public policy merits and there aren't any Stemberger said.
What they did in Arizona is a very pathetic strategy of scaring senior citizens and losing their benefits that has nothing to do with anything.
The obscurity lies in language of the amendment which reads, in so much as marriage is the legal union of only one man and one woman, as husband and wife, no other legal union that's treated as marriage or the substantial equivalent there should be valid or recognized,
Stemberger argues that challenges to domestic partnerships are unlikely because the amendment is close enough for the current Florida State law banning same-sex marriage.
The law has previously challenged an effort to be both domestic partnership benefits but the court ruled in favor of protecting those benefits.
How do you like that? Even such a Yahoo State like Florida such a redneck Yahoo State filled with, it's like going to Hilbert Lee Heaven, baby.
I dreamed I'd died and went to Hilbert Lee Heaven. Remember you told me you never heard of that song by Texrider?
Right. On Capitol Records? You got it. Hilbert Lee Heaven. Maybe you don't look before now.
Hilbert Lee Heaven. That was a big hit, baby. It was number one for like 600 weeks. I dreamed I'd died.
I don't have it. Texrider did die, I believe. So it was a dream. You know, if you have a bad dream, sometimes it might come true.
849 votes in Chris's poll. He's confident. Confidence is high that we're going to hit a thousand and the management must be high too because they put the fabulous sports payback on the fail again.
Nice going, Joe. You idiot. You're maniac. You're just 456C. You am. You're the only one.
Twister with a star. Your favorite flexible celebrities all tangled up in one crazy competition. Heather Mills. Left leg on yellow.
Oh yes, I think I can. Yes, yes there it is. Hey wait, no fair, she's just using her stop. Just when you thought we went out of stupid celebrity reality competitions, we'd drag out the plastic mat and cardboard spinner board.
Twister with a star. Sean Oh, Hurley. Looks like the right leg on green was your undoing.
Oh yes, unfortunately I now have a severe growing pull but to be all tossled up with one Paulina Poroskoba was well worth it.
Don't miss them. Not enough nuttyness tonight on Twister with a star.
14 million out of Chris's to only but a couple of days last week while you were on vacation. I actually opened the phone for a little while.
He's not here at the moment. Why? He's not in here at the moment. Hello world.
And then to make matters worse, I checked the my space pages to minute ago and guess what got I belated happy birthday.
We're from Johnny G. Like I said, it's too late. Leave me alone. Okay. Wow. See when even somebody like that who's just an unabashed groupie.
What even somebody like that doesn't take the time to say happy birthday or a little fag or something like that.
Then you know that they just don't care enough. They don't care.
It's a town without pity as the gene pity would say if he could still sing.
Oh, taking a giant Joyce. I just got you hear that.
Yep. That was my blackberry a message from George that taking a giant Joyce.
You know, I'll be back in time. Wow. Have it to do that. So yesterday. Oh shooting your school one hurt in the.
My in the area high school. What is it? W F O R that police have confirmed to them that a teacher was one of the people who has been shot.
We don't know how many again. No confirmation on how many people shot with report is that one person transported to the hospital and W F O R to fill it.
They're reporting that in fact it was a teacher. Also W F O R reporting right now that in fact a search is going on right now around the hospital.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes.
They suck God! They're pathetic! Am I right, Chris? Yes. They are nasty. They're so bad. Good God.
Have they ever win? What? They have a win. They have won.
Solomon Teuno. And who look who it is against?
In a so much sharply worded news, analization in some days' editions of The New York Times,
the paper of record takes the president to task on his seeming a favor to maintain order in Pakistan.
For more than five months, the U.S. has been trying to work a straight-of-political transition in Pakistan
that would manage to somehow keep General Pervert and Musharraf in power without making a mockery of president Bush's promotion of democracy
in the Muslim world rights at the time of Cheryl Gays Stolberg and Helene Cooper, that's Cheryl Gays Stolberg.
On Saturday, those carefully laid plans fell apart spectacularly,
they continued to now the White House, is stuck in a weight-and-see mode with limited options
and a lack of clarity about the way forward. Musharraf declared emergency rule Saturday evening,
putting the army in charge of Islamabad. Most of the Supreme Court was disbanded after they refused to certify his decision.
Chief Justice, if to carmble Hamid Chaudhary was placed under house arrest.
I don't think I can say his first name again, I think it's pornographic.
Telephone lines were cut in critical media outlets were shuttered.
The Times said Pakistan was close to a Bush administration nightmare,
an American-backed military dictator who was risking civil instability in the country with nuclear weapons,
and increasingly alienated public.
Stolberg and Cooper also note that Top El Khayda leaders and Osama Yimam had been lawmed
or believed to be hiding out in the mountainous border region between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Taken together, these statements could indicate a greater threat to the U.S. security than Iran,
an American-backed military dictator who was risking civil instability in the country with nuclear weapons,
and an increasingly alienated public on his border Osama and Top El Khayda leaders are believed to be hiding out.
We share if was one of Bush's chief allies in the region, despite his all-butt dictatorship.
The U.S. has given Pakistan more than $10 billion in aid, mostly to the military since 2001.
Now that the military is patrolling the streets of Islamabad cutting off phone lines in critical media outlets,
and placing opposition leader Imran Khan under house arrest.
After Mesharif's decision to suspend the Constitution of Times notes, there was no immediate action
by the Bush administration with company to the tough talk.
Tough talk, question mark.
Secretary of State Khan Aliza writes traveling in the Middle East called Mr. Mesharif's move highly regrettable,
while her spokesman Sean D. McCormick said the U.S. was deeply disturbed.
Deeply disturbed. That's like suspended ascents, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
Terracita Schaefer. Terracita.
An expert on Pakistan at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington told the paper,
Mesharif's decision was a big embarrassment for the administration.
There's going to be a lot of visible ringing of hands, urging Mesharif to declare his intentions Schaefer remarked,
but I don't really see any alternative to continuing to work with him.
They just can't decide they're going to blow off the whole country of Pakistan,
because it's right next to Afghanistan where there's some 26,000 U.S. and NATO troops.
And Canadians too, eh?
That's a crap.
Whole world is going to be hanging on the an-a-finger nail,
because of a bunch of crazed religious getch keys. That's what it's all about.
Yep. That's what the world is all about, baby.
Money and of course religion is big. Taxics have money. That's why they're having that investigation.
You know what's going to come out of it? Nothing. Right.
Especially that Benny Hinnfaker. You know who he reminds me of?
I think of his name right now. The guy that goes on there and pedals the Quack books, what else is his name?
Which Quack books he talked about?
You know the one I'm talking about. Does those infomercials?
About how all the medical cures that the establishment doesn't want you to know about what else is his name again?
He's eat. They put allegedly banned him. They got his ass off,
and now he's all over the place peddling his Quack books.
65,000 cures for every illness from hangnail to a jaundice to, you know,
what the hell is his name?
You know who I'm talking about right? I wish I did.
I don't watch the infomercials as you know.
You've seen him. We've talked about him at times.
I drink a drink and I'm going to Google Infomercial. That's the only way I'll find it,
because I can't think of his name.
Tom, Dick, Harry, Ed, Joe, Phil Mama, Sid, Stan Steve,
Eddie. Eddie.
Yeah, you know something, and kind of a sadistic way,
and a masochistic way, I miss it a little.
A little bit. Don't you?
A lot.
Not enough taking any calls today.
Now what would Chris tell you about the calls we took last week?
We had a couple of segments. They were okay.
Yeah, they're okay.
And then we didn't hear what we had.
And you know who's conspicuous by his absence?
Great show, Neil.
He was conspicuous by his absence.
Maybe we should have shipped him over to footy now. We can only hope.
Or somewhere else.
Some places where the dumb it up to take calls from idiots out there.
From anonymous idiots?
It's not Dr. Ho, is it?
No, it's not Dr. Ho.
You don't know who I'm talking about.
No.
Oh my god. What is wrong with you?
Do you pay any attention to any of this stuff that I talk about and read on the air?
No.
The infomercial king.
Tom Loo.
Who?
Tom Voo.
Tom Voo, my ass.
Did he?
Tom Voo.
What are these names you're coming up with?
I don't look up infomercial scams.
Yeah.
Well keep going.
Is that all you got?
I'm looking.
Infomercial scams too.
This guy is infamous man.
Young guy, very slick, very smooth talking.
It talks crap.
Pure crap.
I told you one time in Walgreens, I bought the book because they were like added by the counter, you know?
Kevin Trudeau.
Kevin Trudeau, very good.
That's the guy.
I should know that because I should think of Peter Elliott Trudeau, you know?
Thank you very much.
Being Canadian, what?
Eric Souther want to know.
Thank you Eric.
Kevin Trudeau.
Eric Souther wants to know his fingers.
What?
Eric pays attention to what you talk about.
He's about the only one.
Right.
By the way, I did get one more happy birthday work.
On my face.
That's bleep.
Well, the sad sad web we weave.
Yeah.
To lay down.
They just don't care.
That's how full it is for you.
Let's see.
Moving to sad photos up to six now.
That's, yeah, slowly but surely.
And a lot of people wish they could change their own like you said.
Anybody out there listening on the internet, outside of sad photos, contemplating a move.
My best advice if you're just going to do it.
My best advice is don't do it.
But if you're going to do it, don't unpack.
The biggest name.
The best challenge.
You know his real largest.
4256QAM.
The sports leader.
How is Scott Barrell?
And when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two.
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one to two hours.
Woooah.
Woooah.
Woooah.
Woooah.
How are the demons here?
I am here.
And you are.
I can't say it anymore.
They cooked that for me.
Thanks a no small part.
Till that guy of midday show guy.
Oh, Belkett.
Yeah, yeah, that's that guy.
Whoever the hell out is.
You met him.
I did it.
Yes.
Out in the hallway.
I don't know who I would have go whatever one.
Let's take some calls and shall we?
Prestige is a Bud Polya city.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, mom.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, you know what he is.
When are people going to realize this?
This is a sports show and nothing else.
Absolutely.
Nothing exists outside the game world of sports.
By the way, they paid me to oggle and in my amen.
This here is a show for men.
A bout men like his Milly Bass and Chaps.
You stole the pizza?
Huh?
You stole the pizza?
I did not take no pizza.
You stole the pizza?
I don't be ridiculous.
You stole the pizza?
I don't know what they're talking about.
I stole the pizza.
I didn't steal no pizza.
I stole the pizza.
No, I did not steal no pizza.
I stole the pizza.
Now see here.
I ate no pie, burglar.
You stole the pizza?
I did not steal the pizza.
You stole the pizza.
You only had one slice.
They're okay.
So was the whole pie.
Who cares?
Those bombs had no power.
I was hungry.
I sacrificed a lot too, you know.
There was no Dr. Browns.
Just don't taste the same without the Dr. Browns.
That's grudest.
And that's my own Saturday.
Good night.
And kiss my ass.
102-560-W.
I'm really excited.
I'm really excited.
You knew his guest who sent me an email on my space.
I don't know.
Old.
Could you now write down more?
Old.
Ricks off.
Right.
All right.
He says, hit the big 69 and you're right behind at 65.
For how to call the neighbor nobody's picking up the phone.
That's right Ricky.
He's taking me down to the talk.
I talk.
You listen.
Please tell whoever said they're getting old is in your mind.
Is that they're full of Schmidt.
But happy birthday and a whole bunch more.
How to George says Ricky taking it.
Thanks Ricky taking it.
And we're not picking up the phone.
Well we picked it up for the Humphur and offered it in sound to good to be honest with
it.
He sounded a little bit like you said under the weather.
In coherent.
Right.
Not in coherent but under the weather.
Not good.
So that's good.
That made my day.
Well then make my day.
And days are started.
Once I get off into a clock that'll make my day.
973 votes on our poll.
Let's see.
7 already said the worst thing that ever happened to me was moving to South Florida.
So here's a little bit more than just just little dribs and grams on that story.
Kathleen McGroy I see they corrected the grammar in this story.
They've it to me to try to correct them over there to hear.
They know nothing.
Heavenly armed SWAT officers were rolling the streets.
Outside Miami Carroll City High School and armored vehicle.
Hunting for two gunmen who shot a teacher outside the school.
School official told students the teacher was Sergio Miranda and Algebra teacher.
There was no official confirmation of his identity.
The shooting happened a little before noon today.
Miranda was rushed to Jackson's condition out of me early known.
Earlier in the day Miranda was outside the school with a colleague.
They were enjoying their lunch break.
Did you hear how much better that grammar is?
Nice.
How long do we know they were enjoying it?
That's very presumptuous.
Yeah.
They were having their lunch break.
Not they were enjoying their lunch break.
This is a little bit of crappy blood children.
They might have been in a bad room.
They were enjoying their lunch break when the two gunmen approached.
Sergio and Schuster spoke some of the district.
After one open fire both fled and went nearby apartment building.
The second teacher was not hurt.
He's still enjoying his law.
I guess not.
Carroll City High on 34-22 North West 187th Street, Miami Gardens.
And not too far from INZ by the way.
From where I worked for a long time in Zeta.
Now, they still in that building?
No.
I don't know.
Good question.
Carroll City High near by Carroll City Middle School.
Brentwood Elementary and Barbara Hawkins Elementary were on lockdown.
Schuster said they'd please investigate.
Parents were being urged to stay away from the area.
The students were safe, but the suspects were still being sought in the hood.
Not too far from old WINZ, man.
And Zeta.
Those are the days, baby.
Now they always say, you know, marginal neighborhood.
And I was probably less than marginal.
Not good.
Ponce running around with guns, baby.
Crazy people with guns.
That's the American F and Way.
Sucks.
Whoever invented the gun.
Now, who invented the gun?
Who's the person invented the first gun?
Oh, you got to go way back.
I mean, the Chinese invented gunpowder, but then it was the Europeans that...
European?
The Indian.
The Indian.
I mean, first came the cannon and then they just kept getting smaller.
So you can't go way back.
Yeah. Big fat gunpowder.
What a shame that he's done, you know.
We're doing that really.
He's been dead a long time.
Probably rotting in that box.
I didn't imagine.
See, that's why it's so much better to get cremated.
Who wants to be rotting in a box.
And then there's some people who think, oh, you know, if I get cremated,
then when they come over the curator, bring all of us dead people back.
Then I want people to do it.
So there are people who really believe that.
Oh, I know.
People believe lots of crazy things, don't they?
Right.
Yeah.
Because a lot of people are stupid and they're crazy.
That's correct.
Oh, they're going to come up with a cure.
Make sure you're okay, cremated folks.
Make sure they put your ass in a casket.
A casket, a casket, a casket.
Make sure you're in a casket.
In a press release, late yesterday afternoon,
Senator John Kerry, who looks like he belongs in one, by the way.
God, he's scary.
You know, I give high kudos to that kid.
I always shouldn't have apologized.
The don't taste me, bro, kid.
What's his name?
From Western.
I give high marks to that kid.
And if anybody deserves to be harassed,
it's freaking John Kerry.
What a whim.
He announced yesterday that he's introduced legislation
to ban the practice of voter caging,
a practice in which groups send mail to voters addresses,
and then use return to sender envelopes
to challenge the legitimacy of individual votes.
Voter caging.
I got news for you.
I've seen a lot of folks who do vote and believe you me.
Cage would be a good start.
Wikipedia defines caging as a term of art
in the direct mail industry, as well as a term applied
with technique of voter suppression.
A caging list is a list-ordated base of addresses
updated after mailing programs completed
with notations on responses received from recipients
with corrections for addresses that mail has been returned
on delivered from or forwarded onward from,
as in onward Christian soldiers.
In October 2004, the BBC report on a list of caging targets
that have been called from an email allegedly sent
by the Bush campaign,
the email which was Aaron Lee sent to GeorgeWBush.org
and instead of GeorgeWBush.com,
contained a list of 1886 voter names and addresses
in largely African American and Democratic areas of Jacksonville.
The practice of caging is reprehensible
and is absolutely no place that our democracy carry
said in his release.
Here in America, every citizen regardless of race, gender,
religion, or sexual orientation has the right to cast
his or her or its vote.
These are the very foundations of our democracy in this bill
and ensure that we protect fundamental freedoms
for millions of voters, yada yada yada,
yada yada yada, yada yada yada, yada yada yada, yada yada.
How come he didn't open up a big mouth when they stole
the election in Ohio in 2004?
So all these people who are dead today maybe might be alive.
Maybe they would have had enough common sense,
maybe a little bit to bring all the troops home and get
the hell out of there and let all end get's keys,
kill each other,
like I've said forever,
if a bunch of crazy religionists want to kill each other,
have a good time, just leave all the rest of us out of it.
That's all, right? Amen.
Right, please.
And do it fast, you know, kill each other quickly
so that we can get on with our own already and quit the bugging us.
You miss sugarness,
you miss your glam.
92 on a pool, we'll make our thousand after that,
Chris is on his own, I don't think you're going to get no
1100, you're crazy.
And don't make a deal out of it, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, we only need so much, forget it.
Okay. A thousand is fine today,
we only had eight ninety two years today for crying out loud.
That's your 50th poll.
What? How's 1050?
You know, Zach was really good on the show last week.
You know that, George?
That's what I heard.
Yeah.
Although, I don't know.
I mean, I thought he was fine,
but all these people say,
oh, he's got such a great voice.
He doesn't have a great voice.
He's got a raspy voice.
He can very fast.
That's a horse voice.
He's got a horse raspy voice.
Very valuable to be there.
Like, like, like, like,
like, a cartoon, a little horse, is it a bit?
Cartoon.
Well, let me tell you something, my chronic,
my friend.
No, I don't, I can't watch it anymore.
I just can't do it. I know all the dialogue I've seen him 85 trillion times.
Just come in the office, Senator.
Yeah. That's the scene I saw yesterday, the assent of the hearing.
Oh yeah, I used to be in the olive oil business with his father. Yeah.
Good old Friday. He's the best of all the secondary characters in the movie.
I think Frankie is the best, when you agree.
I can say the Bible quality only did this and the Bible quality only did that.
So I said, uh, yeah, sure.
Yeah, for comedy, he's the best.
Joe Bell says the clearest.
Here we put the fabulous sports paybond here at night because we got nothing else to put on it.
Yeah, sure.
Freaking clearance, man. Have you seen him lately? Is he around or is he from a lie?
We got these new light. They look like these uh, shoe shine chairs, like these tall shoe shine boy.
Let me tell you under qualified. Go ahead.
We have these these chairs, you know, those tall chairs that look like shoe shine chairs.
Yeah, that's what they look like. I don't know.
They're sitting out here at the like, you know, that open area by the facts machine.
But you know, I mean, over here, inside, they're like three of them tall and shoe shine kind of chairs.
And I was asking to these, you know, do we get shoe shine kits with these for extra money or what?
Because some of us can use it.
I don't understand. What are they?
Therefore what's most I don't know what they're there for. Maybe they're supporting them.
And yeah, they're sports chairs.
Right. They go with the sports time.
Right. Does that something to do with like, job straps and the shoe shine chairs?
I'm adding so. Maybe it's maybe it's a diversion from sports because the south
road of sports scene is so desperate. Aren't we cursed down there?
Of all the calls that I remember and there are a few that's and it wasn't even in my show.
It's mad dog. Just Jim, aren't we blessed down here?
Some pseudo intellectual sounding A-hole man.
Aren't we blessed down here? What a jerk. What a jackass.
That's what your quality of life is all about is the quality of the sports teams in your market.
That's really sad. If that's if that's the case, there must be people committing suicide all over town.
God almighty.
985 like the thousand easy. That's all we want to know.
I was walking yesterday and a couple days ago.
Walk into the store. It was a little dead bird on the ground.
Just kind of like a lion around its side. A dead bird.
Yeah. That happens.
No, I do know that.
But the interesting thing is we don't see them.
Yeah, one of the last time you saw a dead bird.
Just the other day there was a dead baby duck. I guess a duckling they're called in a right way.
Cat must have gotten to it or something.
A cat got to it?
I imagine it was a torn in half.
A stellar cat.
Put it in the microwave.
Yes, but I had to dispense of it.
A little duck.
A little duckling.
And this was a little bird.
It looked so sad.
It looked sad to me and I guess I don't know.
I mean, I didn't know them or anything like that or anything or whatever.
But it just was lying there on the side.
You know, it's eyes were here.
Eyes are open.
And I thought to myself, see a dead bird.
See, Ricky Tickey is right when he gets to be this age.
Even something like that is pretty stimulant.
Pretty exciting.
The best out of here.
Here's Ireland.
No projects.
We're trying to find the kid.
And we get burned.
For the fourth leader.
For that talking about women coming.
This Christmas from bogus industries.
It's the I can drive like Rick Sanchez or game.
It's a real life action adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game
board.
Start begins at Concession Street.
A of Joe and the stadium.
Where each contrasts and has to drink itself to oblivion.
It gets the highest blood alcohol level first.
It goes on to level number two.
And it's a dream.
Then run down the pedestrian and the hall as home section of the game.
This lead for the game police double.
And he's almost come up with a different excuse to go home and get his license.
There is off to the final leg of the board game.
Higher in attorney.
Go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence wins.
It's ours.
You're fun for the horseman.
The I can drive like Rick Sanchez or game.
All the reason I played that and the reason I played that dropping before that is
Brandon sends me something actually pretty interesting.
Believe it or not.
Hey, what's that in your mouth?
Guess what's about.
I don't know.
W.F.R. CBS 4 reporter Brian Andrews,
who signed the new three-year contract in September for Channel 4.
Just quit.
Andrews 35 is moving to Volgatah.
I want to be an international correspondent.
I have a huge interest in Latin American news.
And I've always wanted to live in Colombia, he said.
His mind me sure his home is on the market for 419 grand.
I'm going to sell my car.
Liquid in my ass sets.
This is a tremendously perfait said little Brian.
Little butterfly.
Andrews into three years with CBS 4 and 9 years to Channel 7 will study Spanish and Freelands
while he job hunts.
He signs off on Channel 4 on November 28th.
How do you like that?
And guess what?
Adam's still ain't interested.
Was that him or was that then what was Stewart?
Oh, was Adam.
Maybe it might have been dense to it.
I don't know about that.
I just I only know about the Adam thing.
Was that a little Brian?
That was.
Brian Andrews that was trying to like that was.
Probably want to vote?
I like that.
Well good luck to you Brian.
You'll need it.
I'm sure he's not going to Colombia just to study Spanish and news.
You know, he's going.
When in Colombia do the Colombians Brian?
Anyway, I'm jealous.
I've always wanted to go to Volgatah.
But see when I go on vacation my idea is a good time is to come back alive.
I have many bad things.
Mochars in fact anywhere in Latin America to me is I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Even Mexico.
I'm not there going there anytime soon.
Guaranteed.
Good plan.
Too many bad stories.
Uh, yeah.
Bad stories.
Yeah.
As opposed to what?
I have a little.
Yes.
No.
Well you said that anytime Mexican thing you buy has no idea what you're talking about.
Oh, 994 votes.
Nine already say the worst thing that ever happened to me was moving to South Florida.
Yeah, I said that already.
Oh, so thanks very much to Robert Grieber for talking his way out and not trying to force
himself on here.
See that was all like a set up deal because we have no no no longer have McGill and
Cortes couldn't do last.
Um, what what was Tuesday and Wednesday?
Correct.
So Wednesday we were going to get stuck with Grieber on the board.
And I said no way if Grieber's on the board, I'm not going to be here.
And Zach volunteered and he did such a good job on Tuesday that we brought him back on Wednesday
and spider clearance saying, Oh, you got to go out and cover the dolphin practice.
And Zach said, No way you little wimp you little twerp you piece of turd you cypalded.
And he said, Okay.
And so we had Zach.
Thursday we had some great food.
Was that the McAvoy steakhouse on Thursday?
Right.
Was good stuff.
And George is so excited about it since he wasn't there on Thursday that he's going to
go on with certificates and go down there.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, I want to hear all about it tomorrow.
Well, now that I'm 65, I think I only get to work when I feel like it.
You know what's in a while?
Is that right?
Well, I can't feel much.
The little wiki tifis right, man.
All this business about being old is a state of mind.
Right.
Sure it is.
Oh, I still keep thinking about that guy with a jewel.
You know, oh, that was so sad.
I mean, this is a pretty yeah.
It seemed like a good guy.
I don't know him well.
I don't even know his name.
You know, we seem like a friendly, fun love and guy old in the 70s.
Maybe who knows?
Maybe 80.
And he's hunched over with a cane and the drool is like slapping down his mouth.
Well, assuming he would look up and see me,
what would you say to somebody like that?
Sorry.
Nothing.
Hi.
Yeah.
Bye.
Oh, wow.
Former president Gerald Ford,
sympathized with those who want to advise president,
chainy dumped as bushes running made in 2004.
New book says,
right when I'm gone, a remarkable author record conversations with Gerald R. Ford.
Sirius Vinnie was the one who was the Ford by veteran New York Daily News reporter,
Thomas DeFranc, was described in the years before,
Ford's death in December of age 93.
The conversations were to say author record until Ford's dead.
He's dead.
Dick is not in the answer that I expected on the ticket.
Ford told a Frank in March 2004.
As you know, he's a great friend of mine.
He did a great job for me, but he's not clicked if that's the right word.
God knows he works at it.
He hasn't clicked.
Maybe his ticker is going to click.
Ford had a generally positive impression of Bush the book says,
that we said Bush's decision to bring his father and mother into his bid for the
2000 nomination was a mistake.
He doesn't look tough enough forward said,
and I must say bringing in his dad,
mother was a tactical error, especially Martha Washington.
That old bitch.
In subsequent conversations after Bush took office, Ford expressed a alarm
at how the president turned budgets or pluses into record deficits,
and he criticized the rationale given for the record saying the White House should have focused
on Saddam Hussein's brutal behavior,
not our weapons of mass destruction that would never be found
the Washington Post-Peter Baker wrote about the revelations in Monday's edition.
He also seemed troubled by signing statements attached to bills in which Bush suggesting
he might out enforce laws he thought intruded on his executive authority.
And Ford questioned the need for warrantless surveillance too.
I would never do it. He said after The New York Times James Ryzen and Eric Lyftblow
revealed a program in 2005. It surprises me.
They worried that they think that they have to do it.
I was dumbfounded when I heard they were.
I didn't think it was necessary.
Where does he get his advice, meaning Bush?
Where does he get his advice, Jerry Ford, who was as dumb as a rock, said,
from Cheney and a circle defranc reply.
Explain to me who this fellow Libby is for that,
referring to Cheney's then chief of staff,
who was later convicted of burgeoning the CIA,
Lee Kason, and pardoned.
I never heard of him and I thought I knew Dick Cheney.
Well, guess what? I guess he didn't know Dick.
Wouldn't that the problem?
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere.
Ben Neal Roger.
There's another one.
Go eat a rat, okay?
Go eat a mouse.
He's a crab.
And he's like that other article said.
Now he's become a radio superstar.
Gordon Lydia, Olly North, all of this grunt.
Olly North, I think, is vanished, isn't he?
I hope.
I hope.
Maybe he's going to move to Columbia with Brian Andrews.
Hey, little Brian.
You're fairy.
Wow.
Have a good time in Columbia.
Those Colombian people, man, is a lot of really, really hot Colombians.
Hey, we got a thousand votes for this.
Now you're on your own.
Okay, and I see that we did that.
I go for I think we should go for it.
I think we need to save it.
It just sounds so like who cares, you know,
which I know that's how you really feel.
It's a radio show.
We got to pretend we care about these things, man.
All of these stupid things.
All of these things.
We said I was crazy for a saying 1100.
You were?
I know I am.
Yeah, now we need 2.9 a minute to get to 1100.
I told you 1050.
Didn't you say 1050 a little while ago?
We can do it.
We can do 1050.
Tells wrong with you.
What's the matter with you?
It's a great detail.
And once said, what's the matter with you?
You're gonna act like a man.
What's the matter with you?
Right.
Slap up the side of the head, George.
Here goes.
No!
The worst thing that ever happened to you,
death of a loved one, 324,
addiction to booze or drugs, 80.
Got married, 75.
Serious illness of injury, 69.
Pet died, 68.
Aw, poor puppies dead.
Don't get a dog, by the way.
That's my best device.
Unless you're really old.
If I had a dog now, it would be too bad.
Because maybe I'll croak me.
Now, I don't think so.
Suffered to press in 63, got arrested, 62.
Started smoking 53.
Got divorce 41.
Bad breakup 36.
Is there any other kind?
Got fired 33, getting fat 27.
Melissa is a child 25.
Got caught doing something for 17.
Was raped at 11.
Moved to South Florida 9, was beaten up 5.
Addicted the ganglion still in those same two.
Maybe they can go to the track together.
And lose their ass.
How's that sound?
And here with the Humpers said too, he said one of these days,
he'll meet me at the track.
I wonder how loose these slots are at the track.
To loose, lateral track?
You know something, I don't know why it is,
but I've been down there.
I think three or four times, at least since they started the slots
at Pompo and Marzia Laplace,
Gulfstream and Hollywood don't track.
What do they call it now?
I don't know.
Yeah, do Marty Grog.
Come on, get with it.
Quit being there for crying out loud.
Yeah, but on Hollywood, go with it.
Believe me, I would have been bragging about it.
I was Hollywood's head down.
She don't know what it is.
She's 420 or 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Aren't you upset about that?
No.
The Osmond Patriarch is dead.
Neon God.
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport men's room
during an undercover sexting,
accused of soliciting sex from a man
who turned out to be an undercover police officer.
Now for the first time the senator and his wife Suzanne
are telling their story.
I have been in that bathroom.
I don't know how many times over the years,
this particular bathroom is described as a hot spot
for anonymous sexual encounters.
Were you aware at all Senator of the reputation
of that specific bathroom?
Oh yes.
According to this officer, you looked into the stall.
And the next thing he says that happened is that
you came under the divider into his stall.
And you said, quote, pickle here?
I did say that.
That is correct.
Sex in that bathroom.
Yes.
And pulled my pants up and stepped out.
Honey, are you gay?
There's no question.
Absolutely.
There's a marriage of convenience.
To cover a gay lifestyle.
Yeah.
Yes.
It is simply true.
And so will you resign?
No, I won't resign.
I will finish out my term,
traveling the country.
Soliciting gay sex.
Yes.
It's important to me.
And I'm going to use all of the rights
I have as a citizen to try to do that.
Coming up.
I'm the bad boy.
A naughty boy.
You're fed.
Probably even a nasty
bad naughty boy.
You're looking for the glory holds.
I don't think there's any question about that.
I was reading now Goldstein's blog
a couple weeks ago.
Did I ever tell you about that?
No.
It's sad.
I'm sorry.
In fact, maybe that guy that was drooling
in wood by maybe there was Al.
He looks so gaunt.
And there were a couple of clips on there of him
ranting and raving about different stuff,
like about swoolery and different things.
And he's, you know, he still got the same
twisted perverted very funny sense of humor.
But he doesn't even sound the same.
Now they've lost 800 pounds because he was starving to death.
Because they destroyed him.
I feel bad about that.
Because he can be extremely annoying
and impossible to control and just,
you know, way over the top.
But underneath all that, I think he's a pretty good guy.
He's a good guy.
Yeah.
Well, I'm a fat Jew.
Not anymore.
Some an answer to him and he said,
You're looking for the glory holes.
Use the apartment.
Use the apartment.
You shouldn't have seen his apartment, man.
You couldn't even walk in there.
There was just all his cramp all over the floor.
All his old tapes and cigars and this cramp.
10, 13 on the pool.
I think Chris is going to fall well
shard of that 10, 50.
I told you.
Did not tell you?
Yes, you just leave it alone in a thousand.
No, no, no, no, no, no, 10, 50.
Why don't you stop?
Why don't you stop pretending to be the pole maven, okay?
Okay.
Oh, here's Adam Rubin.
Okay, it sounds very Jewish from move on.
He says we've spent the last four years learning
how much to turn move on members energy and divorce.
Since Sunday, move on members have committed over 600 grand
for our biggest election program ever.
Based on the tried and tested techniques we've learned,
if we can make it to a million,
we can get started right away.
Can you chip in 15 bucks a month
right now to the election?
Adam wants to know.
No.
No, I got expenses, okay, Adam?
I got big, big expenses.
I'm a Godfather of the universe just asked me and I'll tell you.
And you know what, I have no regrets about it.
That's me, you know, I'm just a...
Well, what's the point of dying with a lot of money?
Right, that's why some of us are going to be dying in debt.
How do you know?
How do I know?
I don't know, it's just what I wanted.
After the way that you came through from yesterday
and filled in at the last second,
I did the show when I said it's my birthday
and I'm like, I'll be pressed.
I was depressed in the morning.
And then later on in the day,
it turned out to be a great day.
That's good.
It was great, it was a great day.
Not a good day, it was a best birthday I've had a long time.
Without any sex, of course in my age.
I don't, you know, it's just...
I mean, I'll see somebody, it looks really good to me.
I think, mm, like that, you know, like I always did.
But that's about as far as it goes.
It doesn't go below my neck, the reaction.
Anyway, 10-13 on a poll.
You still think you're going to make 10-15 Mr. Wise guy?
You got one thing.
25 minutes, 25 minutes to get 37 votes.
It's certainly doable, but I don't know.
Just based on the way that they've kind of like
trailed off here, you know?
So maybe I'll take the blame for that.
No.
Oh yeah, it's gotta be me.
So here's a little more on the story about that
shooting in Mimey Gardens in Carroll City.
Why does it say Mimey Gardens?
They're near each other?
Yeah.
But they're not the same.
Maybe it's not the cuss.
I'm going to leave I know that.
I haven't been there for much in a long time,
but even I know.
Authorities had to lock down four schools
after a gunman shot a male teacher,
following an attempted robbery.
According to police,
Carroll City Senior High School,
Carroll City Middle School,
and Barbara Hawkins Elementary,
which is located at Northwest,
down to the 90th Street, and 37th Ave.
Carroll City Elementary is part of a lockdown for only
about an hour or since taking off the lockdown list.
Detective Ed Torrens of the day,
public schools, police and those students were injured,
and they're safe inside the school.
No students inside the school have been injured, he said.
Torrens emphasized that all students
inside the schools are safe while they search
for the two shooting suspects.
They say two suspects walk up to two teachers,
one male and one female,
who were taking a cigarette break across.
See here, it says they're taking a cigarette break,
not enjoying their lunch.
Across the street from Carroll City High School,
the suspects tried to rob the teachers,
but they resisted,
and one of the suspects shot the male teacher,
who, Miami-Dade Fire Rescue,
took by a grounded Jackson Memorial.
Fire Rescue says the victim was been identified.
We'll see the earliest story I said it was.
I mean, this is just suffered a life-threatening
injury to the side of his torso,
but added that he was conscious
while they tended to his wounds
and later when they transported into hospital.
Police say the suspects fled
when nearby apartment complex,
located at the west of Carroll City High.
They say one of the subjects was a male,
who'd done a bright yellow fleece jacket
with a hoodie and great pants.
Police asked, was that a hoodie or a woody?
Police asked that parents stay away from the area,
and assured them that their children are safe under lockdown.
Police have cordoned off the area,
and want to see clear-of-on-lookers.
No gockers, okay?
While they conduct their search and continue
to investigate the crime scene.
Police are questioning the female teacher
with their victim at the time of the shooting
to get details on the suspects
and what they looked like.
A special response to him, including SWAT,
as well as Dave and Miami-Garden's police are on the scene,
police have also taken the air
for their search of the suspects
with a helicopter.
They responded to the scene after somebody called 911
about 11.27 this morning,
about two hours ago,
a little more than two hours ago.
And that interesting, how they,
the story's conflict, that was from CNN, by the way.
And one story says one thing,
they were having to enjoy their lunch,
they were enjoying a baguette break
is what they were doing.
They were puffing on some cancer sticks.
Maybe that's just not good.
We don't want the kids to think
that their teachers are smoking when that event.
Yeah, they would be shocked.
Their image would be shattered.
Yeah.
10-20 on the pull, Chris.
22 minutes, 30 votes.
Can't do it.
Can't do it.
What?
It's doable.
Yeah.
I know a lot of things that are doable,
but then don't mean I'm going to do it.
What's your biggest name?
The best talent.
You know his new projects.
You're taking a 5.60 QAM.
Thanks, fourth leader.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that station.
That's a looping.
I like the part.
The push is face.
I like the part.
And push is face.
On behalf of the human race.
I like the part.
He pushes face.
Oh, totally, totally.
I like to show George what I think.
With a nasty blast of my co-instinct.
On behalf of the human race.
I like the part.
He pushes face.
On behalf of the human race.
Huh?
I like the part.
In push is face.
All right, everybody bent over now.
Cut the cheese, man.
That's it.
And just take your hands and like kind of like wave it toward DC.
Wave it toward wherever the bushmeister is hanging it up.
1032 on a pole.
We need 18 to make Chris happy.
In 16 minutes.
So that's just barely over one minute.
You can do that.
We can do that.
Give it a big push, man.
Give it a big push.
Push it.
Don't forget, go see George Saturday,
9-11-2 kilo ranch at the Seminole Hard Rock for some stuff, you know.
Right.
It's the Corona Light Illumination Fuzball Finals.
Oh, boy.
And we'll later in a week we'll push that a little bit more.
I think I did a good job today.
It seems like it's the only Tuesday.
Right.
I short week this week.
I think the 4-day work week can then take an off Friday makes 3.
I think that's a really good idea.
I'll bet.
Bob Higgins on the Smirking Chimp Rice.
Let's go back to the summer schedule by the way, speaking of that.
So did I dream that Hank called it on the bad line and then
to wish me a happy birthday?
It was not a dream.
Thank you, Humber.
What?
It was not a dream.
Wow.
It didn't sound like him though at all.
Did it sound like him to you?
It sounded like him under the weather.
At times it sounded like him at moments.
During moments of clarity.
The next time Michael McKasey is called the test-5 before,
oh, this is a Bob Higgins on the Smirking Chimp,
he says, waterboard the candidates,
let's get the truth start with Rudy.
The next time Michael McKasey is called a test-5
before the Senate Judiciary Committee,
I suggest that he be strapped to a stretcher,
a rag placed in his mouth, and water poured in the rag until he begins to answer
completely and truthfully the questions put to him by the committee.
Now that waterboarding has become an accepted form of interrogation
in these United States, I recommend that it be utilized not only with McKasey,
but with all future witnesses before committees of Congress.
I think that there are subpoenas kicking around out there for Condi Rice,
and other executive department figures have been less than forthcoming in past appearances.
So perhaps as our favorite Republican tough guy, Rudy Giuliani,
says, we should question him aggressively.
It might be a good idea if the voting public were able to use the same technique
in questioning the presidential candidates on their positions.
For the rest of the debates, all candidates should be
wheeled in, strapped to stretchers, and aggressively questioned using this simulated drowning method.
Using these methods, we may begin to get the truth from our public servants and declared wannabes.
This will not work in Atlanta, however, they don't have enough water at the moment to achieve
any kind of satisfactory results.
Poor Atlanta. Don't you feel bad for Atlanta? I sure don't.
Yeah. What are our own problems?
What are your own issues?
Yeah, we do.
Maybe we can see Stephen Colbert again on meat-to-press.
That was so sad. I wish the show was tight.
You know, the show can be funny when they have material, but I see them.
That's my bad luck. I just don't see John Stuart and Stephen Colbert
when they're being funny.
Ever. Ever held on the shows?
Well, and with John Stuart and I, I get a lot of crap too.
It's the show that's funny, not so much him.
The reporters, the stories, the little segments that they do.
I've missed those.
Yeah, well, 10.39 in Christy need 11 more in 13 minutes.
You're going to do it.
The worst thing that ever happened to you, death of 11.335,
addiction to booze in drugs 83, got married 76,
serious illness or injuries 71.
Peck died, 68.
Suffered to press in 63, got arrested 63.
Started smoking 54.
Got divorced 42. Bad breakup 37.
Got fired 34.
Getting fat 33.
There should be a lot more people voting for that, but they're just, you know,
they're content.
Fat and content like a cow, like a mucow.
Well, less than as a child 25, got caught doing something 19.
Move to South Florida 14.
See that?
Kins say it's moving up the ladder.
Slamming slowly but surely.
Was raped at 11.
Was beaten up 7.
An addiction to gambling only 4.
But those two, maybe we can have a card game.
We got 4.
Or maybe they can go sit around to care so, play four machines at the
top of the house.
Maybe we should have born in South Florida.
You want to put that on there?
Sure.
Born in South Florida.
1042 on there.
Well, I don't know what says ever happened.
You know, I guess that happened to you.
Sure.
Born.
Yeah.
It happens too.
I mean, there's no, yeah, it's one thing that knows
pick is nothing to nitpick.
I'm not like nitpicking.
Brent Pinnowski says Obama's drug schooled on Iran a defining moment.
A standing ovation for long and thoughtful interviews
to enter Barack Obama gave the New York Times outlining a credible,
thoughtful and important challenge to the Bush policy on Iran.
Obama's absolutely right.
Deplomacy requires direct presidential involvement,
a presidential commitment, and drive the combines carrots and sticks rewards and punishments.
This is the kind of debate that is long overdue in this shallow and vanted primary campaign.
The initial reaction was the usual, this will appeal to the anti-war left.
Yes, it will, but it will also appeal to military families in Middle America
and thoughtful voters of all political persuasions who favor diplomatic solutions
rather than the endless rush to unwise war.
Today, there is no diplomacy that matters towards Iran, only low-level initiatives at the
ambassador-level that everyone in Washington through at the Middle East knows are not credible or serious.
While Obama's plan is serious, credible and urgently needed with the president speaking
of World War III with some of the Washington formatting a hysteria about Iran,
and with the Republican presidential candidate sounding like war-feavored deletants who know
nothing about the military, appealing to radical rightist audiences, having learned nothing
from the carnage in chaos on least in recent years. Carnage in chaos, baby!
Senator Joe Biden was right about Julianian, armchair general who was thrown off the Baker Hamilton
group because of lack of interest and expertise, who made mistake after mistake before and after 9-11,
and who surrounds himself of the most catastrophically wrong neo-Con war hawks, who, like Rudy,
know nothing about military affairs.
A word about Tim Russell's preposterous question during the last debate, asking for guarantees
about Iran's future nuclear status. Candidates and presidents can't give these guarantees in the
real world. There was a low concept gotcha question, there was ignorance, very conception,
and hopefully in the next debate Obama and other candidates will say so, bluntly and honestly.
Kudos to Obama and the debate he's now initiated about a serious rational policy toward Iran.
He offers a voice of reason, substance, and judgment at a critically dangerous time and a profound
debate will not be joined. Barack is right, a clause to him, he may escalate his voice of reason
and elevate the campaign and the sect of leadership on Iran, it's sensible, smart, and right.
Well there you go, one for Barack, five times. As far as swolaries concern, well,
for last name's Clinton, I'll give her that, she's still married to him. 1045, we need five more
votes. The board of South Florida's on there, now we don't have any yet. 1046, you'll do it.
With some help from me, brother, I give it a big push. Well thank you very much. I rolled up my
sleeves and I did, did, did, and do, do, do. Three more. I do, do, do, not in my pants this time,
either, I didn't do, do in my pants on the floor. Where was that? Oh, that was an Amsterdam
on the dam rack. That was, you know, onion soup, man, I love it, but don't eat it. Eat it close to home.
You know what I mean? I do them to take your advice, that's why I, there's something very
acidic about onion soup. It's like that acid that goes through your kishis and like, oh my god.
And all of a sudden you're having wild diarrhea, almost like, almost like thinking about
Jolly Jobelle, that gives me wild diarrhea. Tacked wild bloody diarrhea.
Thinking about the fact that he puts this fabulous sportsman on for, oh, it's just an audition,
now we want to see if she can, no she can't and she won't and it ain't going to happen. And like
George says, if you like it, it sucks and it's going to fail badly. Big time. It's going to be a bomb.
Even the Japanese never saw a bomb this big and her case, I mean, that literally.
There were some other comments about her, by the way, that I didn't mention.
Also, there's some secret reason, let me see if Brandon sent me the story about why
Ron and ancient Paul are on in Palm Beach in Lexington, here he got canned.
I mean, do we really care about that? Okay, here's the reason. Paul's contract,
apparently, was up for renewal and he wouldn't decide a new deal unless he got on a station in Palm
Beach. How do you like that, Paulie, huh? What a pain in the ass. What a hard ass.
This is the same guy that begged to come do mornings or QA and begged and then lied about it.
Remember that? Oh, I never wanted to job with her right. He wanted all that cheap channel so bad,
his eyes were bleeding. Remember those days? Sure. Oh, no, I never did that. Yeah, that's what he
told me when we had the dinner with the sawgrass that night, which we never did, and I never
met him at the sawgrass. I saw him once in my life at a Panther hockey game 100 years ago
at the old Miami arena. Speaking of a Panther hockey game, any interest? No. They'd run any crowds? No.
1055. 1055. Chris did it. Let's have a big sitting ovation for Fat Chris, okay? I told you 1050
was doable. He said, oh no, old man, that's 65. Put you over the edge. And I got news for him,
man. I don't feel a day over 64. How do you like that? I'll put that in your bag in now.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a
you Q-A-L-I-M-A-Torn Lutterdale. Big day. Big deal. Big gift.
