Oh what, oh what, oh what, oh what, oh what, oh what, oh.
Everybody's in rehab for no reason at all
Unless you run on their plan, for make your own aid fall
You don't need to go to rehab for something that you say
There's a well-staff problem for Higgs someone gay
Everybody's in rehab when they should at least be
Higgs a girl and a strap which isn't too easy
That doesn't mean you need rehab for a prescription
It means you're on fire just like no gifts on
Everybody's in rehab to cover their own abs
If you just threw one jam, you're supposed to let all of them rest
You don't need to go to rehab for making racial slurs
Or if you're underwear
If you're listening to talk about the Super Bowl and sports and
about guys who wear tight pants and play games, forget about it
We have a four hour rest right now from all of these things
Let's see, Mad Dog 2, then we got the triple threat
The power hour for three hours will hang out at the radio row
George and Chris are in Miami, I'm in Toronto
The Mercury is in Uranus and it's the way it all goes
Henry Goldberg soloed between 6 and 6 and 50
Because then at 6.50 we got Hurricane Warm-Up
We got Kane's basketball baby tonight
Which means we know where it clearance isn't
It's part of this foamy fact that we got this morning
From Ojiyaan for vodka to...
Barricade, f***ing blow!
That's right, they're playing the UNC College Hoops at 7 o'clock tonight
Followed by a Super Bowl overdrive
That probably should be called Super Bowl Overkill
With no thing?
Yeah, with a smosh.
Chris heard Craig Mish on the air, I know he was asking
Josh Cordis about these people
And I never got like a very honest answer
Yeah, I heard Mish on the air
Too many punches pulled I think, too many pulling two pointed punches
So while has that Craig Mish's here, belong on the air?
Yeah, he also does TV work with Bo and Goldisa
He's not, it's not a new thing for him to be on the air
With Bo and Goldie?
Yep, well what does he do on TV?
The Mika Sikki sports rapper or something like that?
Oh, now is the info involved in that matter?
Hello, that D-fo man, everybody I talk to
He hates him like poison, I don't know what that's all about
What's that all about George? You know, you've worked on many many years with the D-fo master?
Sure, what? What's what all about?
Why does everybody hate him so man?
Including me, I don't hate him, I just like him
I don't hate him
You like him?
In fact, let me just put it this way
Do you like it? Yeah, as what?
As a guy, as a guy?
I mean, on the air, forget it
And you know, something Steve and Nichol is the guy that ruined him back at Iodia
Not that he was always great, he was okay
He was never acceptable, never did anything to me so
Well, you know, I'm easy, that's an easy thing to me
No, actually he did, he's sent me in the back couple of times
But that's okay, that's okay Mipho
And I still never got the 5-7 breakout
There are people out there who want to know who will 1-5-7
Although, what's his name?
One of the big rock solid in 0.3 in December
That probably sealed his fate in that contest
In 0.3 in the month of December
We had a 6-6 that month here from 10-2
And if anybody from out of town is listening by the way, I wonder who this legendary guy
Legendary Fatal Fag is on the radio
I'm so legendary, I can't even get this thing to work
How do you like that? That's not a good omen to start the Wednesday
Or the poll? No
We're number 1, damage!
That's our food, that's our dinner late
And why did you come to mine in the first place?
We have to be a crazy person
We're also today searching for a really great restaurant
That I'm going to be eating at there with a good friend sometime in the very near future
A great steakhouse would be good
Now somebody mentioned to me the capital grill
Have you heard of that?
I have heard of it
But I think it's by the Gaila Ria and I got news for her
I don't know about anybody else
But I'm not going all the way over there
You know, when you get east and fort Lauderdale, all that traffic over there
Forget about it for me, I just even as long as I live in plantation
No way, but it was in South Florida
Like practically everywhere
Else
Like Campbell? Yeah
Well that's where I got that a lot of people
Yeah, I got that news a great
Where? Downtown Miami? Well, here it goes downtown Miami
Not me
Although I heard that they got all those, remember that facts of the call I got?
Oh yeah, that's how I want to touch I am
And they built all these big condos down there
All those shops and malls and bop bop bop bop
Everybody wants to go there anyway downtown
You have to be a crazy person
Yeah, so speaking of clearance being out of town
I just read this because they give an idea to the audience to the kind of craft that we get
From people who want to stir garbage up
Oh look at this WQIM, hello
Good morning sir
Yes sir
You sound lucky to be a real caller right off the bat today
Well, perhaps maybe
Could be
Anyway, Capitol Grill there is definitely one downtown Miami over towards the brickhole
Oh, downtown Miami, you couldn't give me the shotgun
I don't know if besides the other one you've been told in for a lot of delters
Another one up in Boka, but it is extraordinarily good
Really? Yes
The other side downtown
I asked George if he would to look it up
He's not on the exact address, but it's over by the river
It's a very nice place, but I'm sorry you do have to go towards downtown Miami
But you have to apologize as well
You have to put it there for Christ's sake
Yeah, that's part of the deal
The other place that I would say as far as great steak houses is Morton's Chicago
Which I know you... I'm pretty sure you would have a great place
Absolutely, there is more
Now where is Morton's? It's on Biscayne 7-9
And 174th roughly
That's wrong with that
That's not the wrong with that, that's my neighborhood
I live up towards Davenor
So if you're going to live in a county, you might as well get us close to the border
Where the Jews are right
I don't know if you have a quick escape to Browell
There you go
So yeah, that's a great place
So what are Morton's? Is it Biscayne and 174th?
Roughly around there, yeah
I thought it was on Kibiskayne Morton's
No
No, no, no
I don't want to go over there
I don't want to go over that rickety-ticky rickery-titty rickery-titty
And pay, and pay
And pay two bucks to get in
Two bucks?
Yes sir
All the people that live over there, they can afford it
Remember, a tricky, dicky use to live over there
Yeah
And what's his name is Buddy, BB Revolto
Yeah, BB Revolto, correct
It's correct, you know
All them both involved
That's correct, well listen, thanks a lot, Pally
I got him right and down my list
You got it
Thanks a lot
173rd
I'm bringing fun, Biscayne and 173rd
Is Morton's stay-house?
Yes
Well that sounds like a wonderful spot
For me, I love Morton's
Morton's is the place where they got this sawdust on the floor, you know
It is
Now weren't you with us on that trip, you guys didn't get to eat that meal with us
Um, it Morton's stay-house in the loop and downtown Chicago there
We stayed at the Ritzkull Hotel and it was only like about two blocks
Your...
Fully
What do you mean by that?
Well that's right, you were just a...
A slumber back then
Now the people would be today
I had been your producer for two years at that point but still everybody else got to stay in Chicago for the whole weekend except for yours truly
I see
Thank you, my good name, that part
Yeah, thanks Mike Disney for taking such good care of you
Now let me ask you this, since you're complaining about they don't take such great care of you
What about today being Char Hot Wednesday? Did you get some food today?
There wasn't no one in the building today
Everyone was out broadcasting from out of the studio so nothing was happening in here
So nothing was brought to you
You're a good friend's how-is who love us, they're bringing us food
Yeah, thank God for how-is keeping our people alive down there
I had me, my microwave bacon, real extra crispy man
It was...
Mmm, well I'm getting some how-is taken too
In fact it made me start thinking about my vacation, I was thinking
Mmm, that's what I was thinking man
I was thinking that I ain't saying it but I was thinking it
And you know exactly what I was thinking
Ow!
Anyway, so here's this facts, I heard you mentioned clearance and I've never been there
And I thought I should let you know that I was listening to Joe Rose this morning shortly after 9
And he mentioned that Josh Dero from 560 was there
Right!
Yes, Karen's was in Joe Rose's studio this morning
I'm sorry
I don't know why he was there, he didn't say anything on the air
Rose doked around asking why he was looking for a job over there, maybe it wasn't a joke
But just thought I'd let you know that clearance was visiting the guys across the street for some unknown reason
Well maybe he was taking a shower with his old buddies to gas
But in fact it doesn't matter as he wasn't over there because he's not even in town, he's not even in the state
It's you and that you and see Hoops and believe me when there's college Hoops going on
Clarence puts on his Hoops skirt and he's off to other races, believe me
So just another Ojojo, probably some loser from inside over there across the street
By the way, all the visitors in town, I want you to know that 790, the ticket if you want to hear sports
You've got Jim Manage and Hank Goldberg and the real people on this radio station Ed Kaplan
And over there they got a bunch of losers
And we got Kim Bo-Kamp over here
Over there, the only broadcast that they got is Joe Rose
He's got a booster's on but I don't have any ideas, he really on anymore
What's the story with him?
Couldn't know
You know, I read it there changing the times they're on I really couldn't tell you
By the way, Barry Jackass, I hate to break the news to you but Arbatron doesn't base the day parts
They don't break down the day parts by the times that the ticket is got their people on here
Okay, he's got 10 to 1 and 1 to 4
You're such a jerk, Barry Jackass
As long as I live, I'll never forget that day, I'm a Pearson airport
I'm sure it's long before I had this place here and I was doing shows from here
But I was just visiting town for a weekend
And I'm at the airport waiting to board the plane and there's Barry Jackass
Of course, I didn't know what do I know from him
He comes over to me and he says, oh, hi Neil, I'm Barry Jackass from the Harold
You know me? I said, yeah, I know, Barry
He says, a lot of things you say about me on here are true
Like you're a putz, like you're a little turd
And mommy packs you a salami sandwich to take the work every day
Oh, he is just pathetic
I would be surprised if mommy grabs him to work and picks him up every day
Barry Jackass
Well, first time I saw him out at a dolphins camp, he reminded me of rainmen
Hey, I'll lay not very far off and he's a very good driver
Even though mommy drives him to work, I'm sure he's a very good driver
Excellent
Thanks, driving everybody crazy with these butt kissing
Oh, well the ticket has got their day parts like this
And said Rosenstein, we're a crant so over there who wants to be back on with I'mus desperately
Whatever else
Well, we'll get to the show here eventually
We've circled a few minutes there and George keeps saying is it too yet?
Is it too? Before the show even starts, is it?
I don't think we don't want to put in a good day's work
We're a good day's fish
Oh God, Neil
And now, former vice president Al Gore on Global Warming
This is former bus press of the Al Gore on Global Warming
Take it from me, the man who invented the internet, the man who invented the mont turtleneck
And the man who invented the chia tet, the frisbee and chocolatey cocoa puffs
We are in trouble
People laughed at me when I first spoke at Global Warming
But who's laughing now?
I am sick to death of hearing meteorologists say the weather patterns have been caused by El Nino
Which in Spanish means little bullying
How could a small child be responsible for changes in the worldwide weather?
I've seen little boys stop Joe Pesci from rubbing their house
But I have never seen them accurately forecast atmospheric abnormalities
My innovative ideas were featured in the full-length motion picture and titled the inconvenience truth
Admittedly, it was a two-hour PowerPoint slideshow presentation
But I had been nominated for an Oscar
Apparently, the Academy was lost struck by my keyboard stroking
I have already selected a prime piece of real estate on my man's piece for Black Baby
It'll go right next to my boy scout of the year award, which I won at age 39
The ice caps are disintegrating at an alarming rate
Sort of like Barack Obama's chances of becoming president
The ice sheets in Greenland are stoke of in my movie
And the subsequent melting thereof are akin to an El Nino in the sun with an alpopsicle
People need to listen to me
We need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere
And grow more plants and treats
Ossi-Jess, we need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere
And grow more plants and treats
Ossi-Jess starting with marijuana
Which I personally do not smoke
Though many people have attributed my flow in the liverth speech pattern and lazy eye to being a paw-head
Trust me when I tell you, my irritating tonal quality and monotone delivery are inherently mine
In conclusion, trust the word of me
The 45th vice-president of the United States will not tell you
Should we continue on our current path?
We are screwed
The solution for this global warming problem can be found in a lock box in my home
In Nashville, Tennessee, I alone possess a single key to unlock the box
Though you can get your own key, by taking up the inconvenient truth on DVD
Now available at Best Buy, Circus, City, Amazon.com, or Ralph Snatchin'Grap, located in Henderson,ville, Tennessee
I went to school with Ralph
He used to beat me about the head and face with his metal Scooby-Doo lunch tail
I got him back by sleeping with his life at a key party in 1973
And since that time, we have become fast friends
It's time to take responsibility for the world we live in
And stop blaming that kid from Mexico
Former vice-president Al Gore now runs and maintains a build-of-air workshop at the Stone River Mall in Murphy's, Burro, Tennessee
He is!
Completely crazy
Twenty past ten at five sixty, completely crazy like us here at QAM
We're only proud of it
We are going to get this show started there, we're going to keep it there
Maybe we'll start at about 130 because it is WWW, you know, and by that time I'll have my pants on and my shirt and my shoes, my pantaloons
Because it is Woodbine Wednesday
You don't seem to have said it about that
I need to win some very serious, maybe like another five grand on the $5 wheel would be for my trip, you know
Suspense novelist Cindy Sheldon then in 89
You acted like you knew who that was
I'd heard the name
Some old guy
Cindy Sheldon wrote some books
And old guy who used to write some books his dad, he was eight years old
That's old enough
Now let's see, I'm 64 or 20, another 25 years, that wouldn't be bad, I wouldn't mind that
Now this is going to sound really strange to you
Of course everything I say sounds really strange to you, but that's why I said
For years now, because you never know it, you know, you could walk out and get hit by a Mac truck
But I've always had this like in the back of my mind feeling I was going to live till 87
Really?
Yeah, I never told you that before, I've never told anybody that
Is that like a magic number?
I don't know, it's just one of those things in your head, you know, it's just like a vision, like a message from the Lord
Or some crap like that, maybe a message from
Damn, God!
I don't know, I still feel like I got a scratchy throat, I'm not sick or anything, but it is, you know what it is, it's this damn cold, man
I don't mind the winter, we got virtually no snow, I mean, this is the last day of January, not that there's gold warming or anything like that
But here in Toronto, there's like maybe a 1 or 2 silly little centimeters like on rooftops and on the curbs, you know
You know, how it kind of sticks around because it gets really cold at freezes
Although it is only minus 7, it's going to be all the way up to minus 4 Celsius today
Whatever that is, 28 or something, 28 or whatever it's going to be
But I got this scratch
Anyways, so I always felt because my grandmother on my mother's side, she lived in 87
And if she wouldn't have had hardening of the arteries and had, you know, the oia clogged of arteries
She probably would still be alive
And she died like 30 years ago, something like that
I'm 30, man!
I think you lived in 97
No, and both of my parents lived to 90 plus
90 plus in my grandmother
And both of my mother's, well not both, there were a whole bunch, you know, big families
But her two sisters are both in their, gotta be in their late 80s, they gotta be push 90
They're still around, how do you like that?
Of course they weren't eating, they weren't eating like score, I screamed by the half gallon, I wouldn't imagine
Oh no, better call that crap
You know, let me say it again, three out of, what is it? I think it's four out of five people with diabetes die from heart disease
But I'm all heart, you know that
In fact, I got, I have my blackberry right now and I'm holding it right by my heart
Oh, I'm just crazy
In fact, that poll today I think is sensational, you know, you have the audience a chance to take another cheap shot at Old Neil
And they love doing that, and you know what, I couldn't care less
See, if I was like uptight and sensitive, I wouldn't put those polls on there in the first place, well what I do that for
Right
Because I know we got a lot of very angry people and I'll be like, oh we're gonna eat you alive!
You like that
And you know another thing about today, being the 31st of January, and I will get to Sydney Sheldon and the poll in the show
Actually, although we have killed almost a half hour already, I'm very excited about it
But, um, we got February coming, it means we have only one month until our 31st anniversary party here
Right
You don't seem very thrilled about it
Well, I'm not gonna do anything like that
I got the edited one, I can't play that up for the TV bag and I can't say that
We are the 4th, 3rd, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th
4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th
4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 5th, 4th, 4th, 5th,
Help me! Somebody help me!
Save me.
Yeah, it's a little too little wrinkle.
Hey listen, you should kiss his ass, man.
Oh no, we're over to the station.
Thank you for your service.
No, no.
Oh, uh, senders, not critics died today of Pinomonia.
At the Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Morange, California.
You know, it's interesting, but the date line on the story is Beijing.
I don't understand that.
He died in California.
Yeah, yeah.
According to his friend and publicist Warren Cowan, he was 89.
I wouldn't mind 89.
It's like another 20 or five years.
Boy, can you imagine how they have a guy who can create another 25 years?
A multi-talented writer showed him on a screenwriting Oscar with Tony Warden,
had created popular TV sitcoms before starting his first novel of the age of 52.
There was two of those novels he gained as overriding fame.
He sold more than 300 million books in 180 countries,
one of the world's most translated authors printed in 51 languages,
including Urdu, which has spoken in Pakistan and India, and Swahili Mun.
What did Urdu?
With this second novel, the other set of Midnight published in 1974,
he broke into the blockbuster ranks.
The book remained on the New York Times best-sell list for 53 weeks,
a record at the time.
His rhyme, Woody Spear for the Bachelor in the Bobby Soxor in 47,
one of the Academy Award for Original Screenplay.
He was also a screenwriter for the Judith Garland Fredrister musical Easter Parade,
Stairgian Gerard's musical The Barclays of Broadway.
After he helped the death of the Orhan Berlin hit any Get Your Gun to the Big Screen,
the 50 Betty Hutton Howard Keill vehicle received generally favorable reviews,
and it goes on, and Sidney Scheldon's dead he was 89,
that's what he needed now.
Not a good idea.
And I was just going to say don't make a big sinist about it,
that would be good too with the mashed potatoes and the gram, I can't do it.
It's one thing, you know, it's all carbs I can't eat it in a non-diabetic,
and it's something I don't miss.
Or rice, you know, I am a mind-wice like in a Chinese restaurant.
I don't need the rice, huh?
I love rice.
Well, you love rice, I like rice.
27 past 10 at 5 sixty QM.
A lot of people have little boy?
No.
Huh?
A lot of people have little boy?
No.
Huh?
A matter of priest when I was a leaven,
he said he would save my soul,
but we made a detour on the way to heaven,
and it took us through, we did take a stroll.
While he was standing in his underwear,
told me to bid over and say a prayer,
both of us wrote it when they thanked you, ma'am.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
The next day I felt like a sinner,
and I showed up to get communion,
but all my tongue that was in a wafer,
and it wasn't one of dripping up my chin.
Well, he was standing in his underwear,
oh my god, told me to bid over and say a prayer,
both of us wrote it when they thanked you, ma'am.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Welcome.
Yeah, he was standing in his underwear,
told me to bid over and say a prayer,
both of us wrote it when they thanked you, ma'am.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
1033-27 before 11,
I have a personal message for you from your close friend Brandon,
by the way, he says you're an ungrateful, uncut,
but other than that, he's still all right.
Hey, listen, he understands.
He knows you're just a funn and I'm sure you appreciate
haven't even that very tinny sounding thing.
Hey, listen, when our listeners have better equipment than we've got,
you know what?
QAN.
A little bit, and it'll do until we get, you know,
until you get the pristine ring, you know?
And that's like life, you know, sometimes you have to settle for a second person.
He's no by the element of a very anal and personality,
especially when it comes to audio.
Presently the anal point.
1496 folks on the podium said,
if I would have looked at them just a wee bit longer,
we'd have had 1500,
but it's not like we're in some kind of a stupid contest, you know?
1500, that would be more listeners than they got, like,
all week long across the street in this time slot.
That said the kid, you know?
I wonder who they got on now.
Do we have any idea Chris?
Who's following for a sip of the kid now that he's in New York,
filling for somebody else,
because he wants to go back there and work with IMS again?
I really have no idea.
I don't know.
I mean, there's anybody else.
Maybe somebody will fax it into us or call it in,
even though I won't answer the phone.
I might answer.
I might take one or two.
You never know.
The first call was good.
QAN, hello.
Not there.
That was the one.
That was the champion.
Now, I think I'm getting confused.
Okay.
I've got Morton's confused with the palm.
That was the place we ate in Chicago,
downtown in the loop, the palm.
That's where they had the sawdust on the floor, you know?
I was going to say that, yeah, I went to Morton's and they didn't have sawdust.
They had caught it.
Yeah, Morton's a very expensive place.
Well, of course.
You don't think I'm going to take somebody to a,
like some kind of a flop house.
Well, I was just surprised.
With all the expensive crops we threw,
I think I'm going to take a good friend of the stadium diner
for like a waffle or something.
What is wrong with you?
I remember I worked for QAN.
But when you said sawdust on the floor,
what do you want to do?
I'm going to do something like that.
Well, why didn't you both enter up right there and see you?
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's normal to be.
But you were just, you know,
you're legendary.
So you can then start into our third legendary.
I couldn't be standing.
Great, great auto control.
And then the palm was the one that's on keyboard's game.
Am I correct about that?
I don't know.
Another roadhouse has sawdust on the floor.
I'm not going to the roadhouse grill.
Okay.
And free peanuts.
I mean, mud and free peanuts.
Oh, geez.
All the peanuts you can eat.
I still disagree with you.
I still think that that show I was talking about yesterday about not the show,
but that pool about the great places that don't exist anymore.
You're wrong.
It's not a thousand, man.
And people have no stelves.
Except they have no function of remembering those places, but they love hearing us talk about it.
A lot of famous, like the famous where they had a bottle of celtzer on every table, baby,
and a big bowl of real kosher deals.
I'm not talking about, make believe, like fake cucumbers, you know.
We could do a series of those kinds of poles, like for the, for the, like a week.
I mean, we're ready to sit down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The name thing that no one else ever heard of.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, good restaurant in Miami.
Havana, Havana Miami on Miller, just west of the Paul Metals, a great new restaurant down
here.
Havana Miami sounds awfully Cuban to me.
Yeah, it is, but it's a very good restaurant, good food, good rice.
Hey, one more thing.
Could you play that a cramor wrap that you guys, that big?
Yeah, right.
Oh, the one that we can't play.
Yeah.
No problem, Palli.
All right.
I played with that other one.
Yeah, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was,
Okay. Okay. His. His. When he just said that he was receiving the Edu
and noodles and all of this stuff, it was unbelievable.
You put your own soup.
You made your own soup.
Wait a minute, I'm just getting an important
Havana Miami is good for Cuban food.
No, we're not going there.
Been there done that, it said.
No, not doing that.
I'm not taking anybody to a place that they've already been.
It says good for Cuban food.
Do you think I'm gonna go out for Cuban food?
And it's got nothing to do with not like in Cubans,
which I get through.
In fact, no, it is not.
I've never seen a picture of Cuban food.
You've never seen the same food.
I'm not about La Carreta.
I mean, they're making it the earplugs.
Stay in room with someone who has had Cuban food La Carreta.
Don't go to La Carreta.
They're really, they're mediocre.
I wasn't planning on going there.
I was just joking about it.
I just happened to know that joint.
La Carreta.
Rip Cuban food, all whatever you want to believe, okay?
And of course, the Rex Grossman.
I think he put the gross in Grossman.
He's pretty ugly guy too, but he's the answer he's doing great, you know?
And what was all that crap that we're talking about,
Florida being such a party school
and everybody up there is a screw
and it brains out and smoking a lot of dope.
Sounds like any college driver heard of.
Sounds just like Michigan State to me.
At any rate.
In fact, let's have song we used to sing
on a banks of the Red Seater.
They was lined with rubber.
Something to do with that, I don't know.
Huh?
It was just a sexual thing.
You know, when you go to college,
everybody, oh, and I got that story about that kid at U.M.
I haven't got to that this week.
Maybe I'll get it in my pile
if we ever get to show started.
Regarding the Super Bowl,
I'll watch rooting for the Colts 4-11.
I'll watch, but I don't care who wins.
383.
I don't give a Schmidt 257.
I'll watch and I'm rooting for the Bears 196,
less than half the Colt fans.
I'll tune in only for the commercial 71.
In other words, I have no line.
Right.
I hate sports.
I'll watch it all for the six.
Now tell me again, what's the Super Bowl 29,
real comedians?
I'll tune in only for the guys in their tight pants, 26.
You're fairery.
I won't watch but I'm a football fan, 22.
That's what I said.
That's because I'll be out of town.
I'll be away far away.
I'll be otherwise acopato, hopefully.
I'll tune in for the cheerleaders, 19.
I hate this ball 16.
I'll be there at the game seven.
I'll listen to the game on the radio seven.
I'll tune in only for the halftime show.
Talk about, I have no line.
Six, they're going to tune in for the halftime show.
Was it last year or was it the year before
they had Paul McCartney there?
They looked down to the over 110.
Last year I think?
Or was last year, everyone?
Let me ask you this.
Since I'm old and gray, I'm not really gray.
Actually, my hair is still black when I let it grow out,
which I'm not going to do.
I like the ashamed.
But who do you think looks older?
Paul McCartney or yours truly?
What do you have in Seemian?
Wow.
When was the last time I was down here in the studio?
I don't know.
I'm going to give you a ballpark.
What?
Year, two years?
Couple of years, leap.
Couple of years.
So you haven't seen me in a couple of years.
Let me tell you right now, I look just like Ryan Philippe,
and I know who you did last summer.
OK?
No, seriously, I think he looks older than I do.
He's had a rough life, you know?
A lot of heavy drugs, a lot of sorrow, a lot of sorrows.
I mean, we all have our sure at Soros,
but he's had Paul McCartney.
And then he had that bitch for it,
and I didn't lend a died, right?
Yes.
And then he had this Heather Hore-Paglag mill.
She's a peg like, huh?
Yes, she is.
I wonder if they know Jim Lampley.
Then and hold it.
Kramer, what is the deal with your behavior?
My cycle, Richard.
My wife was a strange night.
Cut the comma, decode.
Some type of drug to mess with,
just said you was washed off.
You did sign failed, but it won't be a last thing.
You'd have a bitch in audition,
and then you'd have no gifting care.
Sing.
Sorry, that was mean.
And then he used to have some things,
and everybody's heard 30 of your apology.
But for a hot second, man, you proved the coup,
acting like the soup, not see but with the soup.
My cycle, oh, it's real good.
My cycle, my cycle, my cycle, my cycle.
Look, baby, it's hot.
My bike, my bike, my bike, my bike.
My bike, my bike, my bike, my bike, my bike, my bike, my bike.
Rhymas.
My bike, my bike, my bike, my bike, my bike, my bike, my bike.
You're going to go mad.
Years from the camera have made you known.
Good a thought, it could all be destroyed by one camera phone.
And now they say, look, a racist, but I say no.
Way, brainless haircut, wasn't fired by the reproved kid.
And blame, you should have gotten out of it,
turned it into a bit, written in doubt.
Oh, you've got a shout, it's just so good.
But now you said that word that you cannot say.
And you said it with the E-R-N-O-B-E.
I want to be the same.
And you kept saying the word, say.
And you said it with the E-R-N-O-B-E.
I want to be the same.
And you kept saying the word.
I think it's the myself.
Just stop saying the word.
I just stop saying it.
I'm going to get my fingers.
And now I hear a lot of trouble.
I get help in my prayer.
It's suburbanhomeboy.com.
Smooth, e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
Smooth, e-e-e.
Well, there you go.
You asked for it.
You got it.
And the first judge is the one that came up with the name of that.
How did you find it?
I did a little search here.
No research.
And we came up with it for you.
There's a Michael Richards rap.
This is for future reference.
We have people in the amount of bogus for crap.
Michael Richards rap.
Broward Sheriff's Orifice, DUI Task Force deputies will be conducting DUI
Accenturation Patrol's this Sunday, February 4th, from 9 p.m. till 5 in the morning at the
following morning.
Well, wait a minute.
9 p.m. till 5 in the following morning.
And the areas of Dearfield Beach, Pompat and Beach in Oakland Park, impaired drivers will
be identified.
DUI laws will be actively enforced.
Let me say it again.
And this Sunday, from 9 o'clock at night till 5 in the Monday morning, in areas of Dearfield
Beach, Pompat and Beach in Oakland Park, see, that business is about areas.
Well, what the hell does that mean?
What do you mean?
Well, I mean, like the previous ones have all told us, like a street, a road, a highway,
a pup tent, a...
Oh, you're going to keep you guessing.
Call the sack, huh?
They're going to violate that Supreme Court order by not telling you where they're going
to be.
I see.
In other words, pretending they're...
Right.
While they're violating your plan.
I had to find out what the deal is with Mortons and the Palm.
I know that obviously they're two separate places, and I have never eaten a new one of them
in South Florida.
I just...
You know, Ruth Chris used to be my very favorite, but the one in North Miami Beach is long gone,
and the other one...
Well, last time I was there, I had less than a splendid experience.
Can we put it that way?
Oh, it's a Mortons one, said it was just fine.
Was it?
Yes.
I heard...
Chris, that was very expensive.
I don't know if I can handle that.
I think that...
That's a bullet.
How did the pull today...
This is somebody sent this one in.
I think the real neo-rodgers is...
We have 970 already.
By the top of the hour, we're going to be close to 1,000 votes already.
How do you like that?
All you visitors?
A lot of town, huh?
I bet that in Pocipsi, New York, you don't have 1,000 votes on the pull, do they?
In Canada, when the year, they don't have like 50.
I wouldn't mind going back there someday.
I did that years ago.
I went back to Rochester and Kendra, through upstate New York.
In fact, you know something?
I got pulled over.
I was driving like a bat out of hell.
And got pulled over by a cop.
I was speeding.
There's no question about it.
And I said, you know, I grew up here and I'm driving in the countryside.
I just lost track.
I had some flowery BS story.
And he never gave me a ticket.
He said, oh, that's really great.
I know how that is, but just to watch your speed.
And to give me no ticket.
Just like in Pember of Pines.
Not.
I think of any place I've ever lived in my life.
Pember of Pines has got to be about the worst for, well, plantations, no picnic either over
there on the old Hiatus Road, which is now like nobody drives in anymore.
And they sent under the palm trees, they shoot the old rate of the same old games, you
know, because they're keeping us safe and protecting us from ourselves.
No, you're right.
Yes, Pember of Pines.
Yeah, bad.
Taft and Hiatus, that's where I lived.
Oh, yeah.
Villas Lakes.
Was that the name of the joint?
Right by the tennis courts here.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes, I do.
Now, I lived there for a couple of years.
In fact, Bill Covern is what I've lived like in the next group of the Villas over, so
it was really good.
And, well, anyway, I think the New Real Neorodrius is legendary 265.
Now you're talking, okay?
There's some of these restaurants that are legendary, but not as legendary as yours truly.
Oh, God.
That's for a damn sure.
Just ask anybody who knows me.
They'll tell you what a legendary pain in the ass I can be.
And I second that emotion.
A sweet old guy, 215.
And they'll tell you that too.
I'm sweet.
Right?
Right.
An insecure geek, 107.
See, now, I don't know.
That's just, first of all, not a geek.
And what do I have to be insecure about?
Now, I will say this that, you know, when I got on that Myspace thing, there are a couple
of months ago, and we started that, which we now have 1158 friends, by the way.
1158.
When I started on there, I became insecure.
I became insecure.
But I don't think I'm just a five-year-old.
Would you think so?
Yes.
Well, what does that mean?
That you should not have become insecure over, you know, the first experience?
In order to be an activity, basically, it all depends on that.
Because it's a screen.
The world on the other side of it isn't real.
Yeah.
All right.
That's why.
So whatever word on the other side of it is.
Whatever words or images pop up on your computer screen should not affect you.
You are crazy, for sure.
Okay.
Well, what does that mean?
Whatever words, in other words, all the judges, what do you tell your actual word?
When you tap on the TV screen or the computer screen, this is this world, and there's that
world, and maybe you'll find a human in that world, but don't expect it.
And if you did, great, but you shouldn't have gotten all been out of shape over, phony
crap that some people were pulling on you.
Huh?
Okay, let's get back to this pool.
All right.
I think the real nea Rogers is legendary 267, a sweet old guy, 217, an insecure geek,
108, a homebody, 87, a horn dog, 67.
Well, you show me a guy who isn't, and I'll show you somebody who's in the ground.
A horn dog on there.
A horn dog.
I don't like horn dogs.
Now, that's for rednecks, horn dogs.
So it is red and blue.
I'm going to be horn dogs.
Just like them biscuits.
You know, like, remember, hearties had them biscuits and better than those really.
Oh, god.
Those are the worst.
And A horn 55% of the audience thinks that the real nea Rogers and A horn, and I'm so
proud of that.
But a lovable A horn and a legendary A horn.
Anybody can be your ordinary pedestrian A horn, but I made legendary A horn.
How do you like that?
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Straight 47.
You should live so long.
Warm and cuddly 43.
Almost worth it.
Outgoing 28.
No, I'm not outgoing.
Twenty.
All of them.
I don't know.
I think better than I used to be.
I'm not saying I was like a recaluse or anything like that, but I haven't been outgoing.
Outgoing 28.
An evil bastard 26.
No question.
I hate this poll only 23.
2.3% and that's because, of course, they have a chance to take a shot.
And a social butterfly 18, you should live so long.
Definitely not a social butterfly.
If I were a social butterfly, can you even imagine?
Can't even imagine what my life would have been like.
986 votes already.
We're going to be right on the verge of a major sexual event by the top there.
I ran the verge of a thousand.
Are you excited?
It has.
Speaking of that, Beijing, a desperate Chinese university student wants to write a girlfriend
for 10 days.
So we can show her off to his parents over the lunar New Year holidays.
They've made me reported today in Beijing.
Everything we get now is coming from Beijing.
Chinese got all our money.
They got all of our chits.
The physics student who gave his name as Juleiji, oh, I got to tell you, really, I don't
have time for right now.
I was on the elevator in my building a couple days ago.
And there was this young girl came on the elevator and there was this older Chinese couple.
Of course, there's 400,000 Chinese people in Toronto.
And the old guy looks at her and says, oh, you're Chinese and she says, yeah, I mean,
I just have a heart.
I like that picture.
I like that picture.
And he looked at her like, what do you say?
Anyway, the physics student posted a, and I just almost, yeah, I think she's a big
of the Cantonese.
Yeah, I mean, she made it.
She made it.
I do look at her.
In fact, you remember Canton, Canton speaking of one of this, you love them, wrote, is that
still there?
I don't know, but that was a great place.
That was a great, and I'm going to tell you they have great steak too.
You know, some of the really good, like Christine Lee used to be noted for the great steak,
but I have a feeling the orders were gigantic.
Really?
The physics student posted notice on a bulletin board at P.K. University offering a
thousand one that's 130 bucks to woman who would pose as his girlfriend, pose as his
girlfriend for the trip home for the holiday.
Shinwai News Agency, B.S.
The ad said the woman should be an honest kind and similar age girl with a diploma.
The lunar New Year holiday, which starts February 18th is the most important family holiday
in China.
Shinwai said, Zhu had told his parents who were pressureing him to get a girlfriend.
They've been studying too hard.
It had no time to meet a potential partner.
In other words, he's, yay, is what he's trying to say.
Picking University officials in the police have warned women to be wary of such ads.
Wang Chi-shang, a professor of the psychology institute of the Chinese Academy Sciences,
was quoted as saying, Zhu was trying to show filial piety to his parents, but was only
cheating them.
In other words, she was going to be the beard is what the deal was because he's probably
gay.
Well, let me say this, this is Zhuang, Shuang, you better have your name.
Gay Chinese people?
Yain fooling me.
Oh, gay Asian people, man, I bet there could be more than 40 million of them right here.
And fake keys.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, don't run.
Don't run, don't run.
Don't run.
Don't run.
Don't run.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, don't run.
Don't run.
Don't run.
Don't run.
Don't run.
Don't like you.
You're starting to chatter, do you?
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, don't run.
Don't run, Hillary.
Don't run, don't run.
Don't run, don't run.
He'll love you.
He'll love you.
He'll love you.
I just tell you that I can sell you who are crossed the room.
You're in a doctor's push-boss with a mad-a-doodle.
He'll love me, he'll love me, dear.
But, right, don't like you.
You're having baby blue suits.
You're a stride-a-bit-chatted Jew.
Yes.
No wonder Bill Gates are my...
You.
The ice-pred says, baby, she wants to be president.
We got a fat governor in Florida.
Charlie Chris, hey, Charlie.
You're fat.
Which is just fine.
Okay, this old bag of fruits.
So that, even though he's a Republican,
but he never stole a freight train.
And he probably got a lot of boyfriends around.
And then we got Swellery, who of course everybody calls the ice princess.
And a lot of rumors about her being lesbian.
And even as much as you guys are into lesbian,
you should have wanted to see her do nobody.
No.
Oh, did you ever look at that video on our...
The... you...
Shoot!
No, I forgot.
Yes, I did.
Look, get on it.
It's right on our main Myspace page there.
In fact, I think it might be right off there by the top.
That's from that real world of Denver show that I keep like...
...over and over and unfortunately...
Do it at that.
The rest of the...
Yeah, I bet you are if you're looking at that.
But unfortunately, the rest of the show is none there.
And then when I heard that that guy was gay.
Oh, good.
God, I may have to just lay down on the floor for a little while and calm down.
A major anti-terrorism raid in the UK was intended to follow plot to kidnap a Muslim soldier serving in the British Army and behead him.
One thing I like about those Shmataids men, they really civilized, you know.
That Chop Chop Square there in the Rio de Janeiro, Saudi Arabia.
Chop Chop Square.
Police arrested eight people during a series of early morning raids in Birmingham, Central England, early the day.
According to statements released by the police and the home orifice.
The home orifice said the eight were arrested in Birmingham by West Midlands police under the country's anti-terrorism laws.
The arrested not involved a plot to cause mass casualties.
What are you saying?
But instead the case of a...
The case of a British soldier who served in Afghanistan, he seemed to be a security source told CNN, the certainly not news network, the certainly not-see network.
Once kidnapped, the attack has led to the plan to videotape the torture and execution of the soldier for later publication on the Internet.
Media reports had the plot would have involved any rack-style execution.
Chop Chop.
Oh, brother.
So let's get to the important stuff.
Okay, let's find out which state house is the very best.
Now, if somebody calls in and says Smith and Wallensky, you know what they're going to hear?
Remember that, maybe that excuse?
I do remember.
And I still have that beautiful knife set that they brought.
They brought me up.
You know, and then I ripped them an ass on the ear.
Because that wasn't going to lie about the food.
I went there, actually.
You went to Smith and Wallensky?
Was it better than the Crantic Brothers in the studio?
No.
Oh, no.
It's bad.
It might have been worse.
It wasn't good, huh?
No.
There's nothing worse than a bad piece of meat on the tin of that, right?
I mean, how often have you gone to a steakhouse and they actually serve you a burnt steak?
I don't mean overcooked or, you know, you ordered it medium well and they, you know, you got it more medium than well, etc. and so on.
I mean, it was burnt to a crisp.
I mean, you know, like solid.
You know what I'm talking about when you're talking, but I'm just saying on a steak.
You know, when there's like fat around the edges and they cook it like nice and extra long and it's against real crispy?
Sure.
The crispy, fat almost burned, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, like that fat deer.
So Mortons and then there's the palm and then you're talking about the roadhouse grill.
I mean, of course that's more of your budget, I guess.
Yeah.
5.67.05.60 and in the capital grill we haven't had any call about, did we?
We did the wood for the first time.
So, but I just asked you a list that somebody said it.
It didn't come through for so let me see if my paper is jammed.
Let me have my paper jammed on it.
Uh-oh.
Jammed on it.
Yeah!
I'm going to start to slide through there and then all of a sudden, ah!
It stopped like him in the stream.
Now I'm sure you've had those experiences all the time.
Just to sport it.
Former New York Times reported to testify yesterday that Iowa with Scooter Libby told her the identity of a CIA operative weeks before Libby told investigators he had learned of the agent's identity.
Judith Miller told the court that Libby told her about June 23rd, 2003 that the wife of a Bush administration critic worked at the Bureau or CIA.
That testimony covered it's Libby's comments that he didn't learn the woman's identity as an agent till July.
Miller also testified that Libby talked about Valerie Plain Wilson's identity at a second meeting two days before their former chief of staffer Cheney says he learned of her identity.
In 2005, I'll still report her for the New York Times Miller spent 85 days in jail because she refused to testify before a grand jury investigating who outed Wilson.
Oh, I didn't know he was gay.
It is a crime-denouingly reveal the identity of an undercover entanglement organization.
Yeah, I think Scooter Libby, he's going to go up the river and then he's going to start talking bop-bop-bop-bop. He's going to be like Frankie Pantangely.
And then, at the hearing, they're going to bring his brother in from the old country, you know. It was between the brothers.
With a little red hat or a little red ball.
Well, look at this. This is a best-day cows. This is in Miami. This is off the Wicked Web, of course, and what you were telling me before.
Don't pay any attention to the word. Well, what kind of a statement was that?
So in other words, when you're corresponding with somebody online just because it's on the monitor there, it's on the comparison.
It's over-re simplistic, but you can't trust what you see all the time.
Well, what does that mean?
And it means to allow yourself to get upset over some things that some anonymous person wrote or even some real person that you don't know that well.
You know, we expect more of you.
And why is an old man like you should know that? Then to let some fun play with you.
And your close friend Brandon says, hey, there's nothing wrong with burnt meat. I have no idea what he mean. I'm probably pretty sure I don't want to go there.
I don't want to hear about it.
And with the capital, I don't know what it means.
In order for lay, you order it, let's say, medium. You want a little bit of pink in the middle.
And they drop this hockey puck on your plate. That ain't so good.
I think you're trying to say not a big fan of Smith and Mollinsky.
Yeah, I said that for the day.
But I'll tell you the nice that they brought in, that cutlery said was fabulous. I still have it in my home.
They cut.
Thank you so much for that beautiful cutlery said to our close friends at Smith and Mollinsky.
You know, do something about that food. Anyway, here's the list it's got on here. Oh, wait till we get to number three.
Number one, now are these listed in what order alphabetical, I guess? Yeah, alphabetical.
Capital Grill, 444 Brickle Avenue Miami in the Rivergate Plaza,
Juicy Porter House Steaks, North Atlantic Lobsters, grilled seafood and classic desserts.
Mmm, sounds good.
Of course, they're all going to sound good, right? Yeah. She must stay cows. Bravillian, Bravillian man.
That's a 24-minute-year-old, lost, lost, old, lesson for Lauderdale. If Brazilian barbecue is your thing, this is your place, it's it.
And of course, there's more details on here. You can even make reservations on this thing.
It's best take houses, Miami, Slice, South Florida. Number three on the list is the Ford.
Uh-oh. Speaking of the Myrlansky and the Jankimation.
Big in reputation and in with celebrity circles, these stylists forged.
Finally, there's a menu to match. It's on beyond, it's um, on beyond mojo is what it says.
This is not a good copy. Anyway, that of course is 442, 41st Street, Miami Beach.
And if you smear the made-or-deer, you know somebody in there, you'll get a seat in the front part of the restaurant.
If not, they'll sit you away in the back room like they did with me.
There was a long time ago. They wouldn't mess with me right now. I'll tell you that.
Argentinian steakhouse, Las Vacas Gordas, Las Vacas Gordas, that's on the Miami Beach 933 Normandy Drive.
It said the meronated and grilled steaks of the specialty of this Argentine restaurant should be no surprise.
They're so reasonably priced is. I don't want to go reasonably priced. I want to go top-dory.
You know, I want to be an idiot. Morton steakhouse. Oh, this is in West Palm, this one.
It doesn't even list the one that we're talking about.
777 South Flag or West Palm at Phillips Point.
So, steak is King and Morton's the upper high heat they use for serving the livers among the tastiest meats in Miami.
Same the root crisps as the same thing.
Morton steakhouse. And by the way, at root crisps, let me just warn you again that they boil all the steaks in butter.
And if you have like a sensitive stomach saying, hold the butter please, you're going to be making a very fast run.
Morton's in Bocca and it says the same thing.
Ola steak and tapas Latin American that's in the Gables 320 San Lorenzo Avenue.
Bring your inner carnivore to this innovative pan-latin steakhouse.
The palm. There we go, East Bay Harbor. In Bail Harbor. What did I say? The palm was on Kiva's skin. Well, what the hell do I know?
Well, a harbor. Maybe I could stop at Neiman Marcus because I, you know, is it in years ago I got an Neiman Marcus credit card.
Remember I told you that story about that guest I had on the year that time?
Yeah. Because I thought it was the credit card champion of the world.
That was a KAT 100 years ago. And I opened up my, at that time I was collecting every credit card I could get.
And of course, using some of them too, which is not a good idea.
But I had a Jordan Marsh and an Neiman Marcus, which I had never, well, I love Jordan Marsh.
Every time there's a story I like, they go out of business. Sure. Let's take it personal.
Huh? He must be responsible for zairs.
And he didn't like this. He didn't have a Jordan Marsh and there was one other card I had.
And he just went ballistic because this guy had every credit card he had a wall if there was so fat.
How fat was it? Pretty fat. The palm steakhouse East Bay Harbor, Bail Harbor.
It says, clubby upscale steakhouse chain that also delivers maniflobs juice and addictive shoe-string onions.
Prime 112 in Miami Beach. A hip and hugely popular steakhouse with great meats.
And that diverse options of equally satisfying salad sides, starches and seafood.
Oh starches. Fat. Ruth Cress in Fort Lauderdale.
Unfortunately, this one's still list of one in North Miami Beach, which is no longer there.
It says, savvy servers and sophisticated wine list enhances serious buttery steaks. That's Ruth Cress.
Shoolers on the beach. You know, all these years that I worked at IOD and it was a sponsor and here and it was big, although now I guess it's across the street because they got to the often games or whatever.
Remember our guys used to do all the sports and the goods used to do all their shows from shoolers in the audience.
I never gotten invited. I guess the brainstem doesn't like me or whatever.
Just because I called them the brainstem on here all the time.
321 North Atlantic Boulevard Fort Lauderdale. Any place where they bring you the menu on a football? I don't know.
I mean, that doesn't mean the food is good.
No, I just don't know. It's a little bit too bad.
I felt a little dorky. I got it.
Yeah. And then there's shoolers that, let's see what it says about shoolers.
Primarily a meat palace reserved for dolphin football fans. Well, that leaves me out.
This particular shoolers located in a resort hotel in Miami Beach in the Alexander has a softer side and a kids menu.
And then there's one in Miami Lakes. That's the one that the guys used to do.
And then there's one in Palm Beach Gardens. And then there's Smith and Walensky, but it doesn't say anything here.
There's a link to click more. And yeah, just as well. After you ripped them and asked,
that was very insensitive of you, but probably very accurate.
And then Tuscan steak Italian. That's Italian. Maybe Mangemange, so schmaltzi.
That's at 431 Washington Avenue. Like a well aged, florentine steak, the cuisine at this Italian steakhouse is improved with time.
It says, but there are links to click more on here and get more details.
So there's like a little synopsis. And this didn't even include the Morton's on Biscayne in 173, but I'm sure it's equally outstanding.
It sounds good to me than some video. Yeah, it does. Sounds good. And guess what? I'm not taking you there at all.
So let's see.
So best talent to be in the beach.
So trash like ranch masts.
The banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
All across the country, people are really, really be prepared.
In the radio, Texas, the Bingham family is being poisoned by a bad butt loss.
In Milwaukee, Stan Fletcher is choking the death on a water-thfully moon.
And in Kittering, Maine, the Johnson's are watching over Jean Adcoronari.
The doc says the life down to beating Burgers is blocked his arteries tighter than a hangman's news.
At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people in so many different ways.
Beef. It's what's for dinner. Possibly your last dinner.
1117, but what a way to go, huh?
And we got 1,042 votes on the pool. I am really impressed and distressed, aren't you? That's amazing.
I'm walking on peanut shells. I'm so nervous about this.
I'm looking for a way to walk out.
I'm looking for a way to walk out.
I've never heard about that. They actually do have peanut shells on the floor?
Yes, what's the significance of that?
It's easier to throw it away with the garbage.
Oh, I see. In other words, when you're eating them, you just keep them on the floor. That's right.
And what about when you're like the gristle from the steak or whatever you like?
Like every night when you get like a real chewy spit in the booth left here.
All right. Sounds like a real classy place.
WDQAM, hello.
Steak Central, hello.
How's that meal? How are you doing, Marty?
Pretty good, pal.
Have you heard of Bailean?
What is it?
It's called Bailean. It's on Grow Vile.
Never heard of it.
Grow Vile, where the hell is that?
So in Coconut Grove, just north of like Peacock Park.
Oh, I see. Okay.
I'm mercy, you know. Hey, you said something about Canton. It is still there.
The one I'm fixing, how about that other mode there?
Yeah, yeah. Look down the street there.
But it's actually a better place in town. It's called Grand China.
A down-to-cut LeBais. Excellent.
Cover Bay.
Yes. Way better than Canton.
Really?
Yes.
Okay, I'll try it, pal. Thanks.
All righty. Have a good one.
You'll be pleased to know I'm so whipped up with all this talk about.
Because I don't have time to make a steak here or anything like that.
I've got some Omaha steaks in the freezer that have been there for about four years.
I don't think that would be too tasty.
What am I going to get around to throw them those babies out?
I don't know.
But they went to see where we're ripping all these places.
And that's not good.
What's that idea?
Omaha steaks to me, which I used to.
You know me. I used to order those all the time.
I'll see you sure are those bratwursts.
See, that's what I'm making me right now.
Not one of those, but some other kind of bought in the market.
I'm making me a bratwurst right now because I'm, you know,
ready for vacation number one and number two.
All this talk about delicious meats and everything.
I just worked up an appetite.
Plus it's with my Wednesday.
I don't get to have like really any real lunch on Wednesday, which is good.
I don't need it.
That's right.
See, would mine diet?
Very expensive diet.
But it works like a term.
You sit there and you're plunging the machine.
I think I'm just going to play to five dollar machines and win about 50 grand a day.
How's that sound?
All right.
WDQ I am or maybe I'll play the mega bucks for the four and a half million me.
The most I ever made there, I got to raise when they put me on instead of three to six,
they expanded me to two to six.
Thanks a lot, by the way, Sid.
Yeah, they put me on for an extra hour and instead of two twenty five a week,
I was getting two seventy five a week.
Wow.
Man.
But I had just a zidding credit cards.
I did have a zayah's card.
I don't know.
Zayah's to me was like a low, it was like a low rent came art.
Am I wrong?
It was like came art.
I don't know which one was lower.
And what's the place that we placed you in March, which I think is also gone already?
I don't know, Charlotte.
Oh, no, Dillard's is still there, right?
Does never anybody shopping in there when I go in, but I'd like Dillard's.
Dillard's is just fine.
Of course I said that about you're in, I don't know, Charlotte.
Oh, no, Dillard's is still there, right?
Does never anybody shopping in there when I go in, but I'd like Dillard's.
Dillard's is just fine.
Of course I said that about you in March, too, and it went out of business.
As opposed to bird eyes, which you know, it's right there in the Broward Mall.
Does anybody still shop in the Broward Mall?
That's a good question.
I don't know anybody.
My mother did, but of course she's dead.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Okay, there's one of the better now.
How come you like pot of that Dow?
We like that Dow tone, Chris.
Leave it up there.
Leave it nice and strong and masculine, baby.
I'll put this show with this.
Huh?
I'll push it up next time.
Yeah, just jam on it, which reminds me of that Broward.
So I got my French's mustard here already.
Oh, I'm all excited about my Broward.
Mm-mm-mm.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Dante, look at that, two for two.
Deputy QAM, hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
What about that plate?
I think it was called Susan Grays.
Oh, you could eat ribs.
Oh, God.
Oh, this guy again.
We don't even know who that is, do we?
No.
Talk about a one-dimensional jackass.
It's all, you know.
That must be one of his ex-wife, something like that.
Some brother.
It's her voice.
Yeah, or maybe the current one, maybe the mother-in-law.
Who knows?
Deputy QAM, hello.
QAM.
Can the elk?
Yes, sir.
Your show is still interesting.
Yeah.
There almost is interesting as your friends.
You know, it's not a call.
Yeah.
Come on, you can do it, Pally.
A little bit more material.
Come on.
Took him all like to take that out.
Yeah.
Okay.
Not as interesting as they call, though.
Not as exciting, who is?
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, me, oh, man.
Yes, sir.
Capital grill is very good.
I got a plate that's better than that.
A plate?
If you don't like it, I'll treat it.
It's Fleming Steakhouse in Colgate, was it?
Fleming Steakhouse.
Is that Fleming Steakhouse in Ph.L.E.G.N.?
Yeah, I found them in there.
Yeah.
Very good, please.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
I'll try that, please.
Thank you.
You can really say you're the same, please.
Yeah.
Oh, here they, uh, flavor wave just popped off there.
Peep, peep.
I hear that.
It's going like, like that.
You know what that means, don't you?
Brotwurst.
That means my bratwurst is ready.
And it'll stay hot in there in the flavor wave.
It'll keep warming in there.
Oh, there's your president, by the way.
There's Dumbo.
Here's Pozo.
There's the mass butcher of V.C.
The butcher of Baghdad, the butcher of the universe.
There's a man that's still not won, but two presidential elections.
You got to hand it to that man.
They sure know how to do it.
But nevertheless, see, I don't let him bother me anymore.
I just don't, I'm worried about good things, like having a great dinner, you know.
Great to say.
Mm-hmm.
Or H.U.C. Steak.
I'll tell you this much, the Ruth Chris here in Toronto in the Hilton Hotel on Richmond and University.
That one is outstanding.
It's great.
Still, in just the case, the next anger up here, you know.
All right.
Like this weekend.
There you go.
In fact, I won't be here, so use the apartment.
I always take part in it.
As your friend alcoholist, you'll have to say, over the four floors.
Yeah, I'll bet.
I don't find much.
25 past eleven and five sixty WQM.
Boo!
Ow!
He said, he said,
The man that wore his lost one of his most dynamic and influential superstar.
Really dead, really dead.
James Brown died early this morning in Atlanta hospital.
He said, he said,
Laying in a box with a flower by his head.
He's not there, he's not legally married.
He's younger, a white one, some of this red.
Everyone already said farewell.
There's been over a month and you're starting to smell.
Bunches of people are in your will.
So just why are you lying here still?
Lying in the living room.
You don't say a word.
I'm waiting for you to say,
I'll then get on up, man I'm twisted.
No one will bury me.
No one will bury me.
And I'm starting to rot by the minute.
Did you bury me this minute?
Maybe no one will bury me.
No one will bury me.
When you put me here in the ground,
by tomorrow, and I'm really starting to believe
that you think I'm indisposable.
How jump back, give myself.
He's still doing it old James, man.
He can't keep a good man down.
And now if they say, that's what they say.
He's legendary.
And then, okay, let's see how the pool is coming along,
speaking to me being so legendary.
But not bad.
By the top of the air, we'll have 1100 licked,
just like a popsicle.
I think the real neorgias is legendary to it tonight.
What are you sure, but ever look today, aren't they?
They're all over me like stink on Joyce.
Wow, take a bath.
Yeah, better.
I don't take a bath.
You know what I said yesterday about people take bath?
Yeah.
If you, I mean, if you don't have a shower,
and I can't take it too many homes that don't have shower,
can you imagine a house that doesn't have a shower?
That's been built in the last 20 years.
Got a watch tub.
Ooh, man.
You're sitting in your own pool, man, in a bathtub.
I can't even imagine taking a bath.
Although my mother used to like zits baths.
Don't ask me what that is.
I have no idea.
I'm now swinein' to take a nice zits bath.
You know what I mean?
You got swine roots and say, yeah, zits bath.
I thought it was a zits bath.
Zits.
Fits.
I think the real neorgias is legendary 289,
a sweet old guy 238.
Now, if you put those two together
and you got almost half the audience, isn't that wonderful?
But then they start taking a few shots, which is fine.
I can deal with it.
I can handle it.
And in Secure Geek 117, a home body, 95.
I ain't no home body.
I'm gonna pretty soon start putting my clothes on.
You're ready to go to Woodbuy, man.
I'm going out on the town.
A horn dog 75, an A-hole 56, 5.1% of the audience thinks
I'm the real neorgias is an A-hole.
Well, back at ya.
Straight 53.
Uh-huh.
Warm and cuddly 47, evil bastard 32.
Outgoing.
Dutty man.
Likely story.
I hate this pool 29, a mere 2.6%,
and a social butterfly 19, 1.7%,
and I'm 10, 81.
See, I don't want to be a social butterfly.
I mean, I would rather be like, you know,
look like everybody always says Brad Pitt.
He looks so good anymore.
I'd rather look like Brady Quinn.
Okay.
I would rather be like, you know,
look like everybody always says Brad Pitt.
He looks so good anymore.
I'd rather look like Brady Quinn.
Okay.
We'll be wrong with that.
Dutty.
And I'd rather be like, how old is Brady Quinn?
22, 23.
I'd rather be that age, you know.
It looks just like that.
Then I'd be really ender what I know now.
See, that's the problem in life.
It's we all say the same thing.
If I was that young again and know what I know now.
But of course, if you were that young again,
you wouldn't know what you know now.
But if he had your brothers, right.
Susan Cornwall writes on Reuters,
Congress can stop the Iraq war experts tell lawmakers.
The US Congress has the power to end the war in Iraq
or former Bush administration
and turn the other high powered legal experts
told a certain hearing yesterday, Tuesday.
With many lawmakers poised to confront George W. W.
by voting disapproval of his war policy in the coming days,
four out of five experts called before a Senate
judiciary committee said Congress should go further
and restrict or stop US involvement if it shows
as in right now, right this second as I speak.
Just like just like Howard B. O. was screaming there in network.
Remember that that's the turn it off right now
in the middle of the sentence.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them all right in the middle of the sentence.
Just like that.
I love the way his eyes used to bolt out of his head
every time before he would like press out.
You think they were gonna like pop right out?
Kind of like a Betty Davis size.
Or Martha, what's your name? Barbara Bush.
I think the Constitutional Scheme
does give Congress brought a 30
to terminate a war said Bradford Baronson
and Washington Lawyer who was the White House
associate council on the Bush from 2001 to 2003.
It is ultimately Congress that decides the size,
the scope and duration of the U.S. military force
said Walter Dellinger, former acting solicitor general,
the government's chief advocate before the Supreme Court
in 96 97, then an assistant attorney general
three years before that.
The hearing was frequently punctuated by outbursts
for more than a dozen anti-war protesters
who were asked several times to be quiet without thrown out.
The some committee chairman Senator Russ Feingold
said he would introduce a bill today
prohibiting the use of funds for the war
six months after enactment.
Today we've heard convincing testimony
and an organization that Congress has the power
to stop the war if it wants to,
said Feingold, a Wisconsin Democrat.
The expert took a more limited view of Congress's powers
under the U.S. Constitution Robert Turner,
the University of Virginia School of Law,
echoed Bush's frequent assertion
that in matters of war he is the decider.
In the conduct of war, in the conduct of foreign affairs,
the president is in fact the decider,
Turner said he suggested lawmakers might need to run
for president if they want to manage war policy.
Well, most of them are, I think.
But we got more people running for president.
Doesn't this, all this steak talk make you just,
I mean the brat worst was good, but just, you know,
just kind of like teases your palate a little bit.
Yeah, I bet.
So you never ate a chula,
you never got any little stream meals either,
you think that by now with all the,
no, no, no, a chula is a couple times,
but, uh, and was it as a result of any free meals,
all the time the guy, the guy that, uh,
Nick Sagarz took us all out to chulas.
Never took me, no.
Yeah, and, and it was good enough,
forget what the other occasion was,
but I've been there a couple times.
And it was actually, did they actually bring
your footballers, got them anyone?
Yeah, yeah, they do.
We got the part of the young gym mandatup on the wall,
along with all the other 72 dogs.
Oh, right.
Wow, we live in that era.
But yeah, that's a real, a real football,
nice one, nice one.
A real one.
Yeah, not, not used with the,
the expensive man,
that's really, you got the big handwritten on it.
Handwritten, and you sit there,
hold it and, uh, kind of rotate it.
And the football too, yeah, and, uh,
and, but the, the food was very, very good.
Oh, well, that's nice.
Boy, it's the first place you have a rip so far today
of the Mortons, you said was good,
no, right?
Mortons was good.
Well, if I go there, I'm your recommendation,
and better day, well, be good,
because otherwise you're, you're never gonna live
to hear the end of it.
If you get a bad meal there,
you could do that, me in the middle.
Well, I looked out their website,
and of course, and leave it to them.
Anybody with a website is gonna say,
we got the best, you know,
fill in the work in the work.
It says, the greatest stakes in the world
are at Morton's day, cause that's what they say now that.
That's quite a statement, you know,
I would say Ruth's press was better,
and thank you for the meal that I had there.
But, what about Fort Lauderdale?
Whatever, wherever it was,
you took us all there.
It took a bunch of us there.
It was in Fort Lauderdale, and you know,
a wait with this, and let me tell you who wait with this,
if that particular meal, along with his girlfriend,
okay, I'm clear.
I, Papa Juan Pablo.
That's right.
Now I was talking about him yesterday, JP.
Well, he was, I was a nice guy.
It's, it was a really nice,
I didn't do anything to me that he was very hairy,
like a Sasquatch, it means nothing to me.
You talking about his body was very hairy,
like Ron Jeremy only had more.
I don't know how you didn't notice,
he had another wolf boy that they could,
I never noticed, because when he was around me,
he never lifted his shirt up, okay,
so I never really noticed that.
He wouldn't have had to,
it's him out of the collar.
I don't know, I don't call him a lesting people
at work because sexual harassment in the workplace
is probably not a really bad thing.
I said, hey, JP, show me your torso, would you?
I wouldn't show it to me, I'd say that.
You would have, he would, he would,
and ran, I know I would not, all right?
The, like a, like a monkey, huh?
And, and by the way, the hair was coming up
out of his collar, how could you not notice that?
I, and he probably kept his collar shut real tight
when he was around me, he was a nice kid.
It was a very nice kid.
Well, there you go, and had a beautiful face.
I never forget the first time I walked by,
he was interning, I guess,
and he was sitting in the control room there
with Robert the Griefer, I come in in the morning
and I thought to myself, who the hell is that in there?
We've got somebody that looks actually human
in our building, that can't be for real, you know?
My head just spun around like a dreivari,
like it snapped around, you know?
Do you ever see anybody that looks so good
that your head kinda like snapped around,
oh, that's right.
Like it was on a rubber band, all at the turn.
They call me the rubber band man,
is what they call me.
I don't know if they're my suit,
or if they call me as the A-hole.
How many we got for that?
56, 58.
Five points, and the members going up by the second now.
I think you're gonna play the rubber band.
That was a rubber band.
Oh, that is.
Well, 21 before noon, A-Q-M,
by the way, if you're in town for the Super Bowl,
let me just make a good suggestion to you,
okay, we'll give you all these great restaurants you can try.
And as soon as the game is over,
get out as fast as you can.
Holy mackin' on, this is Joe Ball
and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Goat.
Oh, I'm so fortunate to walk away.
He's staked the today's quote,
I am retiring from coaching football.
I'm a big fan of Bill Park,
so I was one of the best ever.
I'm a slo-mo-slo-long-tool,
the coach of those O-Del is Cowboys.
I know he'll be missed,
not only by the Cowboys.
I grew all up for seasons,
see heads and good luck,
except for that lost to Seattle, that's up.
Mama's so long true,
the coach of those O-Del is Cowboys.
I digger, see a good vibe.
He gave Delis that fire,
and I he will retire.
Do something else that he loves.
He failed out his players
or the ones that the cops tried to hold.
He's the one to call the police.
Somebody's gonna need a talk at the police.
All those mischievous and felonies
and the drugs that they sold.
You're not on drugs.
Are you?
What are you on?
Is it the crank?
Illogidum,
children and more run-ins with the law,
had his players coming and going.
But the very worst thing that was part of his job
was coaching folks like Terry Lowens.
I'm a slo-mo-slo-long-tool,
the coach of those O-Del is Cowboys.
I love you, cup-biden.
Through all of four seasons,
he had some good luck,
except for that lost to Seattle, that's up.
Mama's so long true,
the coach of those O-Del is Cowboys.
All right, your child, Ios.
He gave Delis that fire,
now he will retire.
Do something else that he loves.
Oh, what?
Oh.
Exactly.
Couldn't have said a bit of myself.
And that bratwurst, remember what I was saying the other day
about how when you start eating?
It stimulates your appetite.
Right.
I could have said,
here and I'd eat it all,
which I usually do all Wednesday,
and go right off the woodbite.
And I had the bratwurst,
and now I'm having my trace stella,
Swiss cheese.
Hmm.
Trace stella.
Real small, see, real Italian.
Anyway, I'm ready to gag on this,
so release me just to send me here now.
Joan Fleischmann reports in the aherald,
coming out of retirement,
John Fuddy-Cross Jr.
Fuddy's coming back.
Oh, right.
Oh.
Cross who left while 100 and may,
after 32 years,
will host a Saturday talk show on WIOD.
Starts on February 10th,
9th and noon,
it's a week from this Sunday.
Oh, I'm sure you'll be tuned in.
Huh?
Not.
It's going to be all about South Florida,
Cross Express.
I have a lot to say.
Bap, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
In fact, if anybody in the audience wants to,
or I can go preview of the Fuddy Show,
the talk show, there it is.
9 to noon, I'm, uh, where is it?
Saturday morning.
Well, ah...
that's good.
That's something, you know.
Cross 59,
or just a Spring Chicken,
linked to Deal with Clear Channel
which owns both stations.
WIOD, I don't care about what they are.
He had a non-competitive agreement with a lot of 100 kept him from going to another station
in the market on January 1.
I agreed to this January 4, he said.
He hints that a full time come back is in the works, but not running drive time.
In his three plus decades of Y100 crossroads at 455 in the morning to host from 60th to
10am, no mass maninese jokes.
Never doing mornings again.
I sleep late every day.
Well, good for you, footy.
The Saturday show is a good first step for Cross and WIOD, says George Toulouse, queer channel
line-me's president and market manager.
He's pretty pumped.
The station is to billboards of a footy print, sprouted up on 95 on the turnpike.
Well, that's nice.
He's got billboards with all by God.
Pop's going to have Jenko look what I got.
Right?
Right.
Jenko, Oliola Oliiva.
Kate Fahne.
But Eli Waller.
Could he deliver a line or what?
No.
Even other canole and the early part of the movie, Eli, please.
You eat it.
You're so skinny and she can't really get away with it.
The way she like tongues the edge of that canole is a little bit too sexual for us to talk
about.
During his short-library term at Cross, travel the Cuba for five days with bloody Ignacio
Mendez.
President of Dynasty Apparel Industries, a young man sportswear manufacturer.
Very emotional for me, since Mendez 45, was his first trip since leaving the island
with his folks at the age of eight.
He showed Cross his boyhood home in Havana.
Hasn't been painted since we left.
He said, introduced him to his aunts, uncles, and cousins.
Says Cross, footy.
It's a giant minimum security prison for 11 million people who want to be free.
And this jackass is just sitting on them and they're living an abject misery.
He's all about Todd.
He'll talk all about it on his new show.
It's sad.
Oh, I can't wait.
I'm sitting here with Bated Breath or maybe it's the cheese.
Shulos, by the way, is all over town in Shulestay.
There were four Lauderdale 321 North Atlantic.
They're in Miami Beach in the Alexander and Collins Avenue.
Fifty second in Collins.
The original Shulestay Cowsons out for the Miami Lake, 761 North, was 1504th Street.
I'm getting choked up about it.
And they're also in Palm Beach Gardens.
Smith and Walaiski is down there on the foot of Washington Avenue in Miami Beach.
So you actually eat there in the restaurant?
Yes.
And was really bad?
Yes.
Okay, moving along.
I didn't want to repeat that again, but I thought maybe you would want to.
Whatever.
Hey, listen, we're just telling the truth.
Okay, nothing against them.
Smith and Walaiski, but they're just one of those things.
You know, one of those things.
We had bad experiences.
You know, it was just a slipper.
We used to go to the roadhouse a lot because we lived out by one.
Did you throw your peanut shells on the floor?
Absolutely.
That was part of the fun.
I never had a bad steak there.
So the roadhouse rules would take somebody for dinner?
Well, you would, yeah.
I'm not talking about it.
I'm not talking about you.
No, it was a place that I would take the family for lunch, dinner, whatever.
Kind of like, what were those, you get in that afternoon kind of a thing like those real
go to the outback, that kind of thing?
The chain of steak houses.
You go to where you'd walk.
You look almost like a cafeteria line.
What the hell was that?
I was in a place that had the audio.
You can eat shrimp bar too with a sangria.
What was that?
What was it?
That's sizzler.
No, no, well, that's one of the ones I was thinking before the sizzler.
Oh my God.
Oh yeah, it's good to get really baked and then go on shrimp date.
Now what was the place that had the sangria in the audio?
You can peel an eaten shrimp.
I don't know.
No, somebody will know.
We've been talking about these places a zillion times, man.
You can't go back.
I mean, there's not going to be any more lumps.
There's not going to be any more wags.
You know, I love wags.
Not that it was great food, but for that kind of a place for a joint.
It was pretty good.
A joint.
Don't you pick up my shirt?
No.
Life has taken a startling turn for Edward Cowell.
This is in Jensen Beach.
Remember Mr. Jensen in network?
Yes.
Mr. Jensen, I was a net baby.
He was sure singing different tune in network that he was in deliverance.
Life has taken a startling turn for Edward Cowell.
Florida Lottery officials announced Monday that Cowell, who is a state registered sex
offender, was the sole winner of the $14 million lottery drawing from January 13th.
California, 47, his name is on an eight-page record from the FDLE.
He elected to take a lump sum settlement of almost 8 million before taxes.
Before taxes, he purchased the tickets at the Cumberland Farm Store as a 1-on-975
South St. Road A1A in Jensen Beach.
Cowell couldn't be reached for comment and telephone service was residents.
A one-bedroom mobile home in Windmill, Pillar J. had been disconnected.
I can't imagine why.
I can't imagine why.
If you want 8 million, you probably disconnect your phone real fast.
I'll be clear.
Hey George.
Attorney James Max Stookie of Stewart picked up Cowell's winning check.
Cowell assigned the money to the quantum trust which he established to handle the funds.
Stookie said Cowell had asked him to be his representative.
How about Stookie's man?
They got that peanut birdle that's been sitting there for about 100 years.
They still have those Stookie's around like on the turnpike?
I reckon.
Not on the turnpike, but like on I-95.
They have the rest not rest stops for like I think turnpike too.
They do?
Sure.
I thought they had Nathan's on the turnpike.
And both mother hub or pies.
There's nothing like those mother hub or pies.
They still sell those at Denys or not.
You wouldn't know.
I would doubt it.
Why?
Because you don't like Denys?
You want to start picking it on Denys?
Do you already rip Smith and Wolensky?
He's ripping every one of those classy establishments in town.
I have no-
He's been there for many.
I haven't been there in a long time.
Stookie said Cowell asked him to be his representative.
He wants absolute confidentiality.
It doesn't want to be bothered by people with his eight million.
So this shows you what a scam, what a rip off the Florida Lottery is.
Okay.
Another I wouldn't take the eight million and pay the taxes.
But 14 million.
And if he won-
You know, this is guys 47.
So we hope he around a while maybe.
But if he wants to lump sum, it's only eight million, which is what he took.
So it's just over a half of what he's supposedly won.
And then on top of that, they take taxes off.
Which certainly that's going to be 40%.
So that's another 3.2 million.
So that means he got 4.8 million out of a $14 million jackpot.
What a rip off baby.
Crap.
Still.
The ordinary deserve it.
So he said again, a Canadian Lottery, like the $6.49 tonight, four is eight million.
And if I win the eight million, which I get eight million in a cash, Canadian,
which is like 85 cents times whatever that is, it's plenty.
That's pretty good.
No taxes, no annuity for 20 years.
And other if you win the Lottery in Florida, the challenge is if you live long enough to
get selected.
Otherwise, think about half of it and then pay your taxes.
And it's like he didn't even win at all.
You know, who wants to allow you 4.8 million, right?
Who wants a crappy 4.8 million?
Who wants to go to a dance school?
Lee Roy.
Who wants to go to an effort dance school anyway, Lee Roy?
I'm going to tell you that movie is so good.
Underrated movies.
We ought to do a thing on that again someday, not right now, but someday.
But that's one of them thing.
Don't think so.
It was fun.
You're going to like it.
You got to see Irene Carousel, booby.
So yeah, I liked it a lot.
I remember when they were in music class and the violin teacher was teaching the one kid
how to hold the whole.
He said, hold it with respect.
And he said, you mean like my ****, yeah, like you're, yeah, with respect.
I thought that was a good one.
It's a good movie.
Who wants to go to an effort dance school anyway, Lee Roy?
He was great.
He was, Lee Roy was good too.
It's funny.
And Rita Moreno, see even I remember this time.
What do you call that?
Wicked.
That was a wonderful scene and an even better live.
Wicked.
Here we go.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
I love it.
Fame, if you want to go see a good movie this weekend, go and rent it, steal it by it.
I'll go see it, but I mean, go grab it.
1125 votes in a pool.
We passed 1100 without even batting an eyelash.
Just roll them along here, man, on a way to wood buy it, on a way to a sensational day.
I think they're real ne'er Rogers.
And again, think is the opposite word because very, very few of you know me.
Even few are probably want to know me.
And of course, vice versa is the same, you know, very few you I want to know.
Now there's some nice people out there.
You want to see the nice people on the, um, my space.
Do you ever check it?
You ever look at it?
You know, friends and votes, including one of, well, one of my good friends, well, you have three of my good friends.
That's right.
I think the real ne'er Rogers is legendary 300.
Legendary.
I want you to air all the right that down.
All you people from out of town, all you geeks, ne'er Rogers legendary.
In other words, a legendary old cout.
A sweet old guy 248, which I am.
That's the answer.
I'm a sweet old guy.
An insecure geek 123, a homebody 99.
That was a homebody.
Why'd I be getting ready to get dressed to go to Woodbuy?
Yeah, that's right.
And go to socialize with all the wonderful folks out there who smell maybe not too good.
A horn dog 77, you bet.
An A hole 65.3% say, uh, I'm the real ne'er was an A hole.
Straight 55.
Yeah, see I'm glad that those two numbers almost match.
Warm and cuddly 48.
An evil bastard 34.
I hate this pool and outgoing both have about 30, man.
2.6%.
And a social butterfly only 19.
I guess you probably wouldn't categorize me as being a social butterfly.
No, I would not.
Or warm or shut in the warm and cuddly.
Sure.
Warm and cuddly implies somebody who's like touchy feely.
And I like, well, I think it depends.
Well, some people on touchy feely, trust me when I tell you.
I need some best meal.
And I like you, like you guys.
I'll eat you now.
Root Slate.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Roque.
I'm gonna use that hour.
I'll do that again.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Torn great me down.
Oh, I want some wood.
You ain't seen no land where that gravy went.
Yes
Please a boy called they do a silent wall of meat
The kind of guy that I want to do
That's good to be good to eat
Absolutely
I want to hear you go on a date, but there's no chance at all
So does that make me a sports queen if I want to see him grab the balls
Oh
God
See
Don't ever like baby wait
Get ready
I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones
I can do what I want but I ain't gonna never get none
No, today's up a business school. Okay, that's not so great
But I'll tell you know that it's not me
At least until he's 28
Rock solid
I'm ready now
I want some win
Oh you ain't seen no man quite like gravy
You're fair
Woo, baby wow
Look at my kids
You ain't seen no man quite like gravy
Wait
Uh-huh
Come on two at five sixty WQM
Here come the fighting Irish on the field baby
There's gravy Quinn make it as a day bird
I tell you that would be a good halftime show
He could be out there with Janet Jackson
See if somebody like virulent manly would have been on that show and ripped her
Fake raw off of there that it would have meant something you know and we still couldn't say crap anymore
But nevertheless but Justin Tinkerbell
We got one thing to say I got only one thing to say to you Justin
Bye bye bye
That's it too
You know he's a Britain sexy bag
I beg your pardon?
That's what he says anyway
Yeah
Just like a rod Stewart do you think I'm sexy?
Well let me tell you right no no chance
Your grotesque I wouldn't touch it with George's hand or Chris's tongue
Oh I'm sure I got a better deal there lunch
Uh-oh
I'm gonna get back to my trace Stella
Beach State Charlie's that's what we were trying to think of moments ago
We've discussed all of these in Zidian times but
Unlike you I think half of the cheesies came back up unlike you
I enjoy that and it's because I'm an old funny daddy
You don't like your ever reminiscing about the great like the black a-n-is Angus?
Sure I do but I think that a large portion of the audience doesn't remember any of those places
So they feel like that
Well something they might learn something and of course they
They might learn that once upon a time it wasn't really so bad there
I can't remember what it was
I can't remember what it was that was such a time probably before I was born
Huh?
Yeah you don't have these people like to learn
Beach State Charlie's
Well what do you tell me that we have that I need show advice now you study it like Joe
But got all my idea I would never presume
Yeah sure you would
He's waving a tape right now
I beg your pardon?
He's waving a tape in his hand right now
Bastard
I got a great story for you
True story
So I told you yesterday I'm in a little supermarket about five
Whatever the hell it was in the afternoon
Quarter to five
And I walk out into the this little strip shopping center
And I walk out and all of a sudden my thing starts vibrating and my blackberry too
I had a right between my knees
I never know who's going to call it might be important that's right
And it was Joe Bell
Right
And so I talked to Joe and then we're you know exchanging pleasantries and he told me about the thing with the internet that happened yesterday
And how I'm actually paying for that on my credit card
And the reason that they were going to disconnect is because the credit card was like expiring
And I hadn't called in with the new you know the new that's the deal
I didn't even know I was paying that internet to show how cheap they are
So anyway we got that straightened out and then he tells me we'll have a great vacation
And I said thanks somebody beat the boo and he said well where were you going to enjoy those tapes
And I really liked that loud we all will
Don't worry folks George will be on all next week
In fact he'll be on Friday of 1
Won't you George?
Yes I will
Yes he will
Let's see Ontario New York which I have no idea where that is
It says church hosts porn and pancakes event
Oh right
My corn but porn that's porn with a
P
Ontario New York it's not your typical church breakfast
In the event building is porn and porn and pancakes is being hosted by church in rural upstate New York
Well look at that it's about 10 miles east of Broughtonchester
I should know that got him I double what huh
Oh
The breakfast discussion on the pornography industry in America is planned next month at the living world assembly of God church
In the town of Ontario about 10 miles east of Broughtonchester
A billboard ad near the church shows the words porn and pancakes written in syrup on a stack of flank jacks
But that sounds erotic to me not
Sure
Organizes total Rochester TV station that on the event February 10th will be an honest discussion about pornography and its impact on society
The discussion will be led by triple x church a group of youth ministers who travel the country talking about porn and the porn industry
Triple x church have that boy that bring a lot of guys to their knees
Sure
The pastor of the Wayne County church and churches from Buffalo Rochester and Syracuse
Cuse have asked about hosting porn and pancakes events
I'll ride
Well not a story about Mickey Rourke
I might have to um
Yeah I'll make you a little here though
Huh? Careful
Yeah I better be careful which ones I play the one here
I don't come from a place where somebody says
I know
Give me pancakes
Right
Pancakes and porn
Animal rights activist and actor Mickey Rourke is not one is let's sleeping dogs lie when it comes to sick puppies
See I always knew there was something good about him
I didn't know what it was till this moment
Mickey Rourke
Act
The star of 9.5 weeks in since he is going to hold I see I say that now it just doesn't have the same impact that it did the first act
Impact?
Impact that's what I just said
The star of 9.5 weeks in since city is going to hold a protest along with
Oh no!
Your favorite organization you know what it is?
Paida
Oh yeah
People for the ethical treatment of animals in front of hot dog puppies
Enough scale doggy boutique and South Beach is espaniol away
The protest will be made of a work in 50 supporters scheduled for 4 o'clock tomorrow afternoon
Earlier this month the actor was dug on man of the owners of the puppy store for selling him a chihuahua
That later died of parvo a deadly virus
Aww poor baby
The puppy was a Christmas gift for his friend
JP Perriavecchio
Chifoto were of a fanucci's restaurant and Lincoln wrote
Fanucci, remember Don Fanucci?
Mm-hmm, the black haze
Better check that light bulb Don Fanucci and see if it's not what I'm in
The pet shop which has been cleared and passed complaints has an open case pending against the
According documents from data animal services
Although the owners of hot dog puppies filed a police report against work after giving them an animal rights tongue lashing
The actor first thought it said Tung, I thought we're getting back to that again
Oh man, not while I'm eating my Swiss cheese please
A work, let me say it again, the owners filed a police report against work after giving them an animal rights tongue lashing
The actor can still legally enter the store according to Miami Beach police spokesman Bobby Hernandez
We can only arrest Mr. Work for trespassing if he refuses to leave the store after we arrive at Asking Believe
Or if we offer him a trespass warning but we haven't gotten to that point with him said Hernandez
But work's friends promise a dogfight will not take place out on the streets of South Beach
This is a peaceful protest to make sure the store never sells a sick puppy again said Parvaku
But it'll be better boot put about I say let's all go to the porn and pancakes
We know the porn and more in that poor little Chihuahua that poor puppy
Could have saved the whole choices will they have for us
Like the House of Flakes, remember the original House of Flakes is that still around I hope not?
I don't know
There it is
The original House of Pancakes where they had like 75 different flavored syrups man, poison berry and poison berry and the blueberry and don't remember that?
No, I hope
Yeah, yeah, they're all over the place. They're still around?
Oh yeah
Wow, they keep reinventing them and coming out with new ad campaigns
They should spend the money, you know, refurbishing the inside of the area
Oh the police, police are back
We're talking about the band, the reunite is for the Grammy's
I like the police
Bad, that me too and they'll probably play something really bad
I still say that every breath you take could be the best song of all time
I know you're gonna say oh you're crazy, how can you say that?
You usually say that about the Helen Parsons project that I had in the sky
Yeah, I'm a skydew like that a lot
In fact if I had to choose right now
If you took a revolver and stuck it in my leg, don't cut
And you've got to choose right now fat
So what song do you like better? I'm a skydew, Alan Parsons or every breath you take by
The police
I would have to like, I'd have to log in at least four seconds of long enough
So I think we could pull the trigger
They're back, they're reunited for the Grammy's
Oh, I'm in there
That was very slick, very slick the way he slipped that baby in there
We need the first time
The number 155 votes on the pole we got 1200 licked by the end of the song
I think 13 sounds good today, don't you especially a negative pole like this
Where the rip in me and ask they enjoy doing it
We'll take it
And probably because some of them think I take it personal
I got to tell you right now I could give a flying choice
Less everywhere I know
Calling you an A-hole or straight
Oh, hey listen they can fantasize all they want
I don't want any part of being straight, not for me
Listen, it leaves more chicks for you straight guys
Okay, that's what I've always said
The one less guy I got to compete against
I'm part of my life I have no regrets about
The only regret I have about it is cowering in the closet for the first half of my life
For the first 31 years that was bad
All the other three missed opportunities man
Oh my god, I'm going back to high school
I'm going back to college
I feel about my born again Christian days
Yeah, what a waste of time
Like you said yesterday your born again Christian days
You were schooling your brains out
No, no, I said it was the heavy petting zoo
If they're not going further than that because you'll burn it hell
Oh I see, so in other words you can only go up to a certain point
So here I was in a town that was practically a 24 hour orgy for the teenagers
And I was opting out most of the time
Well that's bad
Yeah, that's bad
That's some really hot people in my high school
I'll tell you that but most of our dead now are a lot of them
I keep getting these notices from you know the body out from high school
I came up here and I took them to my two friends
Yes, my reunion to a Ruth Chris
Now keep getting emails from him
Oh well this one just died and that one died
This one committed suicide
Oh
Let me tell you something about getting old
Okay, I have a one word suggestion about getting old
You know what it is?
What?
Don't look for our counter
I'm going to grab lucky with both
Here we have our boy
Under what she has in store
Hillary wants to be president of the United States
He had a great fancy if she was fine
Look at just like any other guy
Except he's wearing earrings and lipstick of Ruby Red
With her big caps and awesome lights
She wants to lead the Democrats
But if I used to fall in person
Where the pumpkin had
Hillary wants to be president of the United States
Wonder how each takes his family looks at pictures of play-may
Who would be in sight to see
Bill Clinton as her lady
Hillary wants to be president of the United States
She wants to catch your summer
And to keep the rug off my mind
With a voice that sounds like fingernails running down a chalkboard
Screaming from a podium while their husband is getting some
Hiding from his wife who panel looks like Gerald Ford
Hillary wants to be a president in 2008
And I bet she does a great job when the devil crafts the day
When he does not get she wants
We see another great son
In the white house as the president in the fall of 2008
Let's all hold our nose and vote for a solari
Okay if she gets it I'm going to be very sad
And I still save a rackle bam as the man
Oh!
Every day that goes by in fact I got a good story about for rack
In my pile which I may get to
You think I'll get to it?
Please
Sorry it was over in the facts machine
Well I have the facts machine
Now what's the story in the facts machine you didn't tell me
The facts you all got the cord here and I'm trying to find an engineer to run the wire now
Trying to find an engineer
I don't know I don't know
George is trying to find an engineer at QIAM
I say funny things all the time
Oh my god
But I got it
You got what?
Word the court
I was telling you one thing to say about that
Now that I got that I'm going to play that thing into the ground
I just love that
All those times that you dropped it in you
You never realize that was obsessed
No I did not
In fact let me answer this
You like it?
Yes I do
Roxanne
I don't know
You're excited about every union tonight I hope they play some good songs
Yeah like one we've heard before
We don't want no more garden part if you've got some bad songs
Roxanne
Roxanne
That's not one of my favorite police songs
It's okay
You like it?
You like it?
I got 168 votes on the poll
Are we got 13 like today I think Chris
I think you can write down that on your one of your big flams of fat
Okay
Which gives you plenty room to write it in
Oh look at this
I just got a couple of emails here about Rolex watches
You know I got to be honest with you
For the first time ever
But I just don't understand why people do that
Why do you want to spend 10 grand on a watch
Because you can
So that you can get mugged and killed
Yeah other than that will be the purpose
To impress other shallow people
Yeah but anybody who's really got that much money
They shouldn't have to spend 10
Ahhhh
But guess what they're shallow they're plastic
They're read thin
Well they may deserve to get mugged
Yeah they do
Here's the facts from Bob it says you know can't these people get it right
He writes good luck today I would bind
Well I think he's got a good pointer
W-O-O-D-B-I-N-E
It's one of the most famous racetracks in North America
Woodbine, let's say Racino man every race track in the province of Ontario has got slots
So they got racists just like we have now in South Florida amazingly
Woodbine, not woodbine it's not woodbined
It's woodbine and sometimes it sucks
It says once again you are correct sir
How do you like that?
Absolutely correct sir
The promotions department says here QM promotion department blows it again
What would be the first time
It says along with others I'm sure
Continue to lie and frustrate the audience
Your statements have been promoting the Super Bowl ticket giveaway contest for a few weeks and instructor listeners to listen to the power hour for the inference name to be called to be eligible for the tickets and a
Course-Light prize package guess what?
It says what?
They haven't called the names since last Wednesday continue to promote the contest but they run out of prizes
One would think they'd have an alternative method for the contestants to be eligible
They effed up and confirms your assessment of the station
I enjoy listening to Hank of the Mad Dog and I'm pissed off that the station does not want to commit me to the audience
Part of the course I guess I have them are not in about it
Well, there's the epist off caveman
The point sorry we couldn't get that to you sooner
Ganya your reaction
Sounds like someone woke up from the wrong side of the rock
Anyway, P.S. I was channel stripping last night
Notice that Phil Henry was on the CBS show The Unit
Are you sure? He was playing a radio host on a military radio station
Recognized him by his facial features and voice and voice he effing fat
Yes, it looked like he swallowed a gigantic pumpkin it says
I don't know how much I don't know how he can take a leak much less
Find it underneath that big poop against his wow so Phil is uh parked out
Yes
Now he was he was never fat at iod he was like you know
Middleton you know medium mind he was he had a punch
Did he I never I never looked at that stuff out of it
I will say this much he was I was very pleased to work with him because number one he was back in those days a good talent
And number two he was uglier than I was
Yeah he was
Are you starting with a Joey Reynolds thing now let's head over to the police
Oh I think we're gonna go to the room shot like I'm going to be reunion here
Oh police in Texas
What is the Grammys by the way
I don't know February 10th 14th I don't know
Why don't you google it
That's no fun
1172 on the pool and this is something really important
Okay well I'm pretty I've only got in this
Of course I got another whole package of it there I'm not going to eat two packs of trace delus was cheese before I got a woodbite
Then it would be wood binding in that case
Jesus very bind it
I don't want to start talking about that now that part of life if there was a god we wouldn't be doing that
I'll tell you that right now and sure wouldn't smell like that
Culture shock
Midwesterners here for Super Bowl ring manners
That's like coming here if culture shock people are polite they were the door they're friendly good morning how you doing how's it going eight
Even the panhandlers spare some change mister
No sorry sorry sorry sorry mister sorry a you do no not sorry a sorry and then I'll say oh I haven't had night anyway a god bless you
As some readers may be aware this is Howard Goodman the Palm Beach commas for the Sun Central which is desperately sucking up to the Palm Beach crowd
South Florida's playing host is way to a football game no how we at some point the corporate amid the corporate sponsored parties
Herb like news conference is a halftime show by the artist not previously known as a football fan and a barrage of commercials aired at $2.6 million per
Half minute they'll squeeze in Super Bowl 41 at Duff and Stadium that's Duff and it's the pinnacle of sports entertainment
Commerce television pay treats as many access it's everything that makes America great says Howard Goodman
Goodman
Some days big games expected to draw thousands of visitors pump $350 million to 400 million into our local economy according to boosters estimates although when it comes to Palm Beach County not so much
Oh who that wants to go to Palm Beach County where we're going to go to Lantana let's go to Lake Worth and watch the old people die
What do you say?
Oh there are teeth
Let's go to Lake Worth and watch the old Yentos
Only one Super Bowl related event is scheduled up here a super climatus by night free street festival Thursday on
Flamadis Street in West Palm Beach I'm not sure we can say flamadis it sounds to me almost like clitoris
Oh what?
Just relax but that doesn't mean we won't be touched by a super bowl of fever on Clamadis street for one thing all this week we're sure to find ourselves infiltrated
I just spit a little piece of cheese out there while I was talking I was not good
All this week we're sure to find ourselves infiltrated by a breed of Americans we don't often encounter here on the Florida East Coast
Midwesterners with the Chicago Bears and the Indianapolis Colts warring on Wayne hyzing their sod some of their craziness
Adherently ransacking their children's college funds to come this way and buy nosebleed tickets from scalpers kindly offering them for three granted up
Three granted up oh up my for example 144 members of the bear bears tailgate fan club are traveling in three buses just to watch the game a
Components flicker light in Hollywood the bars probably South Florida's prominent together pre-eminent gathering place for Chicago sports nuts
Capones flicker light in Hollywood and her order will be there to see what's in the what's in the tomb our compones tomb
See if that bottle is still there remember that oh yeah joke
Capone is expecting an overwhelming 800 to 100 bear fans most of them drinking middle line on game they said manager doc proctor
Hey David it's the doc how you doing doc I don't understand why all these people are grabbing all this way just to watch it on TV proctor
Said the midwesterners are different and at that point I'm going to take the break because I want to spend a lot of time
I want to spend least four or five six eight hours talking about how midwesterners are different and Canadians are different and
South Florida is mostly from New York are extraordinarily unfriendly and rude to the
Oh
And when it's time to head south and round I want to go where the living is
Huh
I want to eat my life
I feel so
I live well even you can have fun like my writing from me on those
golden
I want to die
Florida
That should be me
I
I
I
I
Stereo is the inside of an oxygen tent that's Florida
I think you're part of mold and fungus and build is so there's no answer you said we have mold
Dodo Dodo he's the epitome of what it's all about and hey happy your Wednesday to your mo to bed you're not calling the super bowl maybe he's somewhere
Maybe I'm like maybe he's got like his own little radio station set up and his I could be in his family room or something
He's listening every day mo that's that's the before we get well I tell you I got bad in just nice out like Tom jicken
Out of all the guests ever had on the year he always had the worst indigestion
And we get back to this article by Howard Goodman and we certainly are why we insult any of the people in South Florida
But nevertheless
He says midwesterners are different and it would seem to me there must be another page of this but it says page one of only two I could check it out
It's in yesterday's paper I thought I sent two
No, no I'm on to but when you get to the end of this page you
It leads you Jones and for more in other words, it's a good article at least as part of a good column
He says I speak from experience having grown up in in a round in and around Chicago
Well, a majority of the calls itself Chicago land is if we're some relevant chantments instead of a place of
Grace guys bear trees and freezing temperatures except for the months when the sun is shining and the cubs are losing
Which is all the time
I cannot speak about Indianapolis because I've never been there I have Howard and it sucks it's boring is all get or losing
Which is all the time I cannot speak about Indianapolis because I've never been there I have Howard and it sucks it's boring is all get out
And it's like being in the deep South I've told it before in a restaurant y'all come back now here
Deep South
Come to think of it he says I don't think I know anybody else who's ever been there or is present interest in going
They have this big circle you know like the Hollywood circle
Yeah, and that's in the middle of the downtown Indianapolis Saturday night they all get together all the young people all ten of them and they drive around at circle and that's their excitement
Well, he says after I realized this I wondered if we were all missing something that I googled Indianapolis
Front off the season nickname is nap town possibly referring to a lack of interesting events or quietness it said Wikipedia
Nap town good place for a nap
Allow me then he says to give you a heads up about the disconcerting behavior you may encounter this week as Super Bowl Bonshire Coglons in Indianapolis and Indian Apollotons
Indian Apollotons in the Appalites Hoosier's question mark even he doesn't know what to say arrive
First of all you'll see some drivers in I-95 who are staying in their lane do not be alarmed midwesterners are an orderly sword ants
They're quite happy to drive without weaving
Similarly you may find drivers who use their luck turn signals upon approaching intersection
Yes, Midwesterners actually use their turn signals when they're turning not just to flash while cruising on the interstate
You should be prepared for drivers who really honk their horns at the vehicle in front of them at the moment the light turns green if you can imagine
In a grocery line don't panic if the person behind you fails to shove his cart into your heels
But try to understand Midwesterners having grown up in the slow pace of their backwaters do not understand the need to be ultra competitive at all times even in retirement
Especially in retirement
If you meet a Midwesterner you may hear some words you're unfamiliar with words such as please and thank you
Excuse me instead of yo
Just nod as if you hear these terms all the time you see what I mean there should be another page
I mean he's only he's only scratching the tip of the iceberg
Howard Green, a good man Greenberg or whatever is in it
Bergstein
Wonder how my old buddy Stad Bergstein is doing good guy
A little out of your territory though that's the harness racing
Well let's get a little horse racing on here I mean hockey
Anybody in South Florida wonder if we still have a hockey team?
No, I'll kind of sort of
Here's the first race at Laurel coming up
I wonder Hank is plunging on this don't forget we got a mad dog a two solo from a radio row for the Super Bowl
And then we got Henry Goldberg and a mad dog together three to six
Henry Solo from when is he on six six to six fifty and we got that hurricane crap
Reach the gate all right it reached the gate for the first race at Laurel that's in Maryland that's ballmer
I guess never been there
Do you have any race tracks I've been to in my life band? It's a scary thing
I don't know I would have to count I remember that Dick Feinberg at Pomato Park
And I one time we had a contest to see if any more race tracks I think it was him
And even with all his you know he's been a PR guy and worked at tracks all of his life
And I beat him hands down his pants it was amazing. Maybe that's why he's suffering there's a wine shirts
Hope everything's okay with you Dick he's a good guy Dick Feinberg not to be confused with Joel Feinberg in that group of
Misha Glame or the one I'm not going 1201 on a pull now
See this is what I hate about Thurber racing I've put it this many many times
It's always Barbara. He's Steve. Barbara still the fact that it takes them so long to put them in a starting game
It takes longer and now these horses actually are going in like they knew what the hell they're doing
There you go they're all in all in line
Come on let's go let's get this race there we go and away they go
You know I used to hate him but I think he's great Trevor dead man I didn't
Go ahead to show you if you keep it open line I think he's one of my very favorite race cars
Along with Frank's to leave in Tundraken and of course our good buddy Dave Johnson
He do realize it's already February 1 tomorrow
Right
And not that far off in May let's see March April 3 months
It'll be talking to Dave Johnson again for the 400th year in a row before the
Durby and the Freakness and the Belmont all that stuff
All of these things we've been doing those shows a long time haven't we?
Yes you have
Governor Charlie Chris Gay wants to scrap the controversial touch screen voting machines used in
Broadpombeats in 13 other counties and replaced them with optical scanners that would count paper ballots
To which we say oh right Charlie you go sweetie
It's important to make sure that people have confidence in our voting system
We all remember 2000 he said that's why this issue is so important
What could be more important to democracy than ensuring the integrity of our elective process he said
It's at the very foundation of it all you go to an ATM machine you get some kind of a record
You go to the gas station you get a record if there's a need for a recount it's important
That to have something to count the governor said this morning the gathering of Florida
Newspaper editors and reporters
The Republican gay governor gay will detail the change in a joint
Appearance tomorrow with the state's leading critic of touch screen machines
US representative Bobby Wexley democrat a book of Bobby Wexley is one of our favorite politicians in history
Good man in the heart of Wexley is just district west of Delray Beach
I wonder if they're still sitting on a bench in Delray oh don't play that
What I don't know I will play some police instead
Maybe the police are sitting on a bench in Delray
Wexley said the governor would propose spending more than 20 million dollars
Not to go scanners for the 15 counties with touch screen machines when he presents his proposed budget
It led us like to this Friday he credited Chris with proposing a bold and comprehensive plan
We're about to resolve once and for all the election integrity problem in Florida
And we're about to realize that we're creating a paper trail for every voter in this data
Florida Wexley said the change would affect millions of Florida voters
Who would be allowed to cast their ballots on paper rather than using electronic devices with screen
Simmer-ad automated telemachines
Touch screen voting has been controversial nationally
Arizona, California and Pennsylvania consider getting rid of them and New Mexico passed law last year
Anywhere use
Arizona remember that song by Mark Lindsay and the Raiders
Oh yeah, Pony tape, the police
No it was not
But Dick Clark liked it
And then Dick had that massive stroke and now he's like
The governor didn't spell out how much money he'd propose for the initiative
Wexley said the governor's intention is to provide enough money to cover the cost of the transition to optical scanners
Sterling ivy
I wonder if he's getting the poison ivy from passions which is going off the air
Sterling ivy, communicating director for the Florida Department of State
Said he'd not have an estimate for what would cost to replace the touchscreen machines
His agency oversees Florida elections
Broward County which is already considering changes in the voting system as a rough estimate of 6 to 6 million
To something to buy a sufficient number of optical scanners about a thousand of them
Said Pete Corwin assistant of the county administrator
Palm Beach County which has had a special committee scrutinized voting system in the last two years has no idea what it would cost there
They got no idea about anything
They still got that Theresa Lapurr with her butterfly ballot
Wasn't that what it was? The butterfly ballot? That's what it was
I got news for her when you're hungry like a butterfly you know exactly what that's all about
Spent your palminor covers over this performance by the dolphins
Absolutely
Oh
My ant has the dolphins and here we go again
Another losing season that's never gone and they never win they never will
And I will never know why sports are a straight it picked them
No one is super there
The Miami Dolphin Miami Dolphin
Miami Dolphin's number how many jeans in the lead?
But it's you Miami Dolphin's Miami Dolphin's the same old story nothing you
The dolphins are such losers they really are quite lame
I knew it from the very start I watched a Pittsburgh game and did you see the wimpy way
It's saving through that flag standing on the sidelines
He looked just like a fag in there the Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's number how many jeans in the lead?
Thirty two
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Their problems stick to them like glue
The dolphins lost a football role and then he can't see
It's only by sheer luck that they pulled out of victory
And then they played the Texans it almost made me sick
That stupid two-point pass play that fumbling on site
They're the Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's number how many jeans in the lead?
Thirty two
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Oh and no, Maureen needs to shoot
The dolphins can't control the fall they're running game is flat
As for their execution, well I'd agree with that
They're always gonna blow a lead of that you can be sure
And when they lead the field so has the stench of common door
And they're the Miami Dolphin's
Oh right
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's number how many jeans in the lead?
Thirty two
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Give them another shot of food or water
No, stop!
But dolphins have no strategy they play like idiots
Another couple games lost to the Patriots and jets
I think they're all retarded
It's almost like their curse
As Jason Taylor and Zectomis
Which team is the worst and they'll say Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's number
What the hell, thirty two
Tuts thirty men
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's
Now they're through
Code 48 at 5.60 WQAM
You'll be very pleased to know this
because the embarrassment factor for many years for you and your people
has been just overwhelming
Yeah, what?
Try any event planned for Castro's death downsized to a friendly
Get together
Okay
See organized events scheduled to take place at the Orange Blow and Cuban President
President Fidel Castro croaks will be toned down following outrage from some members of the
Cuban American community city leaders be saying
The intent is not to celebrate a man's death but to provide an informal friendly get together
According to a statement released by the city yesterday
Tuesday
Our pan I'm opening this up and there's another picture of more food on here
But I'm going to tell you this is not good
Our past experience has shown us that the local community is strong emotions tied to any significant issues relating to Fidel Castro
The city's opposite communications road
The Orange Blow has been visited by the county as well as the city of Miami is a possible site
For people and community leaders to gather peacefully if necessary
Why do they have to gather at all?
Why can't they just in their home world?
Whoopie!
Yeah, another one
Huh?
You're asking me?
Why in their own home?
Can't they just all run around going?
Like that works for me
The only tax dollars that will be spent on the event are for public safety needs to memo said
There was discussion of performances in commemorative t-shirts during a January 23rd meeting held by a
Citizen Committee appointed to plan the event
Miami Mayor Manny Diaz said the Orange Blow and I hate to break the news to you but those
Pictures of him and Hugo Chavez that released yesterday he was standing like upright like but a beep but a boop but a mouth
Not that he was like running up and down the hallway but he was standing up on his own 2 feet
Well, Manny's not here to think there's a fake and they're like really old
What the Cubans in Domino Park are fake and really old they would agree with that
Manny Diaz said the Orange Blow is part of the government's plan to accommodate overflow crowds in the event of Castro's death
But he said there will not be a city-funded celebration. I'm not into parties Diaz said
He said call me when the party started
Miami Commissioner Tomat Tomat oh look at the way look at this
His name is Tomas de Regolato they've got Tom Das Regolato that's cute
Who upcreated the committee said he believed Castro death is worth celebrating but tonight that the Orange Blow event was dreamed up for the idea of a party
He said call him when the party starts
We need to clarify a lot of things never to this commission vote for a carnival sense as said
The committee is expected to hold a second meeting they're meeting right now
Maybe they're meeting at chulas maybe they're passing around the footballs freezing the old pig skin huh?
What do you think could be speaking of that and things like that
Moscow mayor Yuri Luskov has said he will never allow a gay rights parade in the Russian capital
You're fairly speaking to reporters Mr. Luskov described such events as satanic
Not just evil not just wicked but satanic
Moscow bandage March in 2006 heading the threat of violence and I'm reading this right where my hand is on the Tom Brady picture that a buddy ricks into me here right on this space
Hey Tom let me fact
He's just a sweetheart
People would let's see the bandage pride March in 2006 people would ignore the ban were beaten up by counter demonstrators arrested
Gay activists say the ban breaches their fundamental human rights
They say they intend to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights
Last year Moscow came under an unprecedented pressure to sanction the gay parade which could not be called anything other than satanic Mr. Luskov said
We did not let the parade take place then and we're not going to allow it in the future he said
The mayor also blamed groups which he said were receiving grants from the West for spreading what he dismissively referred to as this kind of enlightenment in Russia
Not a little sarcasm or anything like that enlightenment my ass is what he really wanted to say not that he's homophobic or anything like that
Sobbing dread
He thanked the head of the Russian Orthodox Church patriarchy Alexi the tooth for supporting him and banning a gay march last year
Some people that took part in the unauthorized event were beaten up by right when counter demonstrators were detained by the police
The police there you go
But the parades organizers say they plan to hold the event and may will appeal against the ban in the Strasbourg Court
Trying to silence us the rest authorities did not us one of the most fundamental human rights the European justice will have the last say in this case
Nikolai Alexia one of the parades organizers said the statement
Gay activists in Russia I wonder what does it think about it Nick Antropov
Who?
Gay activists in Russia are divided over whether the march should be held the BBC's James Rogers in Moscow says
Some suggest that holding the parade at all will simply provoke a backlash from their opponents our correspondents says it's according to the BBC
And of course don't forget about the gay pride in the march that we're going to have in Israel
Remember that?
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
You'll get skews and hey how about shooting them in the street babies a good idea not that they're a bigoted or anything like that
All the religious now all you people visiting in town. We hope we don't have any get skis okay
Yeah we hate we have more than enough get skis already
So all you religious notes get lost okay the rest of us just want to live our lives have a good time and
You do whatever we know who you did last summer just leave us alone one two three four on the pull man one two three four twelve thirty four
Isn't that an omen?
Okay maybe it means I'm going to find a good machine today but I've had I've had a couple of rough sessions that are all over there
I think people want to be praying for me get on your knees and pray for the old man to find a good machine
Pray to Buddha pray to Abraham to Moses pray to Abraham Solomon I'll sacrifice that chicken to Charlie still love that name man
Abraham Solomon what what a wonderful name grandpa
Here's the pool today. I think we arrived the real neo-rodges is not the one on the air that sitting there opening up a big mouth the real neo-rodges is
Legendary three thirty one and if you said legendary you are
Absolutely correct that's what they say oh there's the police
I love it so every breath you take every breath every breath I take is a happy one
Like I told you when I wake up in the morning it's a machaya how can we talk so much Greek on here
Legendary three thirty one sorry not in the Greek a sweet old guy 278 and insecure geek 131 a home body 114 a horn dog 82 what's wrong with that?
Hornial Coupe an a hole 87 5.4% think I'm an a hole for real straight 59 no chance
They're in a chance in a China-man's chance to hell of that
Warm and cuddly 51 an evil bastard 36 outgoing 34 not really I hate this pool a mere 31 2.5%
They like it a lot because it includes a lot of negativity about me they love that hmm give me a little stork
And a social butterfly 22 20 dose I feel like we're really letting the audience down not being super intensive enough not
But you know we only got those other 20 hours a day
Drunk and the TV and all the radio station
We're talking to the people talking to the board
This is on this is not a tumor it's the ones of two hour
Log on the 5.62 a.m. forward slash chumps dot sport hole now for your chance to win praise and go
I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I
just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on I just go on my
I'm ready to break.
Oh, that's me.
That's me.
I thought I'd break.
All right, get up here.
That's me, bye.
Come on, it was super cool to see.
All right, Lincoln.
Come on.
sobre 51 votes on the pole.
Sometimes I just wondered how long was it going to go on?
You know what I'm talking about?
You just wait and you wait and you wait.
Oh, yeah, and then all of a sudden.
1251 and a poll will make 13 easy today.
2008 Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama is offering his own plan to stop the continued escalation of the Warner Rack coin to press release.
He'll be pleased to know, by the way, got my shirt and my pantaloonies on and my shoes are right over here on the floor.
John standby.
Senator Obama stated the goal is to redeploy all combat brigades out of Iraq.
The junior Senator from Illinois introduced the legislation today to release saying that it not only reverses the president's dangerous and ill-conceived escalation of the Rack war, but also sets a new course for US policy that can bring a responsible end of the war in return of American soldiers home.
Now let me tell you right now all you people, all you bears, friends from Illinois, you've got your next president of Rack data as Barack Obama. Trust me when I tell you.
I was one of the first people that said that. I'm not as low as bandwagon jumpers, you know.
Anybody can jump onto bandwagon, George.
What?
Our troops have performed brilliantly in Iraq, but no amount of American soldiers can solve the political differences at the heart of somebody else's civil war said Barack.
That's why I've introduced a plan not only to stop the escalation of this war, but begin a phased redeployment that can pressure the Rackies to finally reach a political settlement and reduce the violence.
Stop killing each other like a bunch of crazy getscues, which is what they are.
The statement asserts that the Obama plan puts forth a responsible yet effective alternative to the president's failed policy of escalation.
The plan maintains that Iraq's woes cannot be solved militarily and focuses rather on finding a political solution in Iraq while protecting our interest in the region and in the war.
The resides now are used to say innersed.
This president says nuclear and the rice and rice say innersed.
You better watch that movie why we fight speaking of Eisenhower speaking of Ike.
While the Obama's plan to remove combat unions from Iraq by the end of March 2000, the statement consistent with the expectation of the bipartisan Iraq study group, but does allow for a limited number of troops to remain as a basic fourth protection to engage in counterterrorism and continue the training of Iraq's struggling security forces.
The American people have been asked to be patient too many times, too many lives have been lost and too many billions have been spent these statement quotes into Obama.
It's time for a policy that can bring a responsible end of this war and bring our troops home.
That's got to, well, the article's on our website. I'm not going to read the whole damn thing.
I don't want to get ponderous here, man. Not on day like this when we've been so food-intensive and we've had so many really incredible call.
The first guy this morning was good.
And then yesterday we had the boomer, the freaking boomer, baby.
He sounded like a radio guy, the boomer. I used to work with him. I know I still have no idea who he is, but that's okay.
But only he still likes me.
You know, okay.
1255 in a pool.
WQA and hello.
This is my legendary friend, Neil Rodgers.
This is your legendary friend, my legendary caller. How you doing?
Excellent. Just fine. Thanks for taking my call, Neil.
Thanks for making your call.
Did you get a chance to sort out the restaurant?
Well, when you say when it's out, sort them out. I mean, we're still, you know, we're building a list.
Right now, Morton's, to me, is at the top of the list. Morton sounds sensational.
There's also a great place. I don't know if you like cool little food, but it's in having choreo.
It's got so much of a bad neighborhood right there by the waterways. It's called Barrio. Very good.
Also, it's called Latino Barrio.
Latino Barrio.
Yes, sir. It's a great place. Nice, moderate casual place.
The pepper mill is right next to it as well. Very nice.
The pepper mill, why does that sound so familiar to me?
Where the hell did I know the pepper mill from? Is it like an old place that moved or something? The pepper mill?
I haven't heard of Florida. Right where the bound.
I haven't heard of Florida. I've probably probably remembered that.
Where the pepper mill is located. So you may want to consider those.
Okay, thanks a lot.
All right. Have a great day.
I need to list the cameo videos. Okay.
How do you like that? The pepper mill?
Now, did somebody mention that yesterday or is it just my memory?
I'm not so familiar to me, too, but.
What do you think, Chris? You got your thumb on the pepper mill?
Well, I'm in place where this food, Chris has got his own, all in his, both hands in it.
Now, what is it that made you so gigantic? What kind of food were you like?
Mongemonge? What were you going crazy on? I made you so humongous and gargantuan.
What, wasn't I? I might be better.
Well, I'm just saying. I mean, was it like pasta with ice cream?
Whatever. You know, I'm, unfortunately, fast food with the scheduled stuff I was working on.
I'll tell you what, when we was done again, one of my channels here that I, which I can't stand that guy, that, um,
what does it call the one about McDonald's?
Oh, uh, super lock. Super size me. Yeah, that guy said to jerk, you know,
like, like he had to go through all of that and risk his life to prove to us that if you eat the same crap every day,
it's going to make you very sick and you're going to damn near die.
Right. That was a shock.
Yeah, that was a real shocker, man. I put on my blue blockers and it was a damn shocker to this alpha cocker.
I'll tell you that.
In fact, I got on my, uh, quarter-roy dockers right now.
And I, I hate to break the news. You're going to laugh. I mean, you're going to be very upset.
Well, I remember when I told you I was wearing cords, which I, during my lifetime,
I never really wore quarter-wright pants very much.
They just happen to have these on my clothes up there.
Cards are warm.
Yeah.
But you said the ones with the real thin cords are okay, but the ones that go like swoosh, swoosh,
every time you take a step, those are bad to cords that you have.
Well, the, these go swoosh, swoosh.
They're all going to laugh at you.
Well, they don't seem to mind because they're very polite here.
You know, they, they don't laugh at you, at least to your face.
They wait till you walk out the door and they go,
you know, like that.
Yeah, when you, you can't help that.
You can't help as the, is the pantaloonie legs are like, you know, yeah, I know.
When you got fat thighs, I don't have fat thighs.
What is wrong with you, man? I got a fat puppet.
I have fat thighs.
I got a fat ass. I guess. I don't know.
I don't really look at my ass in the mirror. I try to avoid that.
Put one on the floor.
No thanks.
But I do have a big puppet.
That, that's the whole thing I can reach out right now and then paint you a foot, you know.
One thing to paint you needs, I can paint you a foot.
Who's foot?
Tom Brady's.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Great.
Did anyone call it and like you know, there's a capital grill at the Galleria Mall?
Yeah, I mentioned at the beginning of the show, you probably weren't listening.
Somebody told me that and I'm sure it's how I come over the Gaileria, man.
That's just...
Yeah, but it's an excellent restaurant.
Is it really?
Yeah, yeah. I had the lamb chops there. My wife got me sick of this there for a Christmas party and they were unbelievable.
Very good.
Unbelievable.
Excellent.
I'll put it on my list, family.
Can you give me a favor? Anything you like?
Can you play the Jennifer Capriotti, Jennifer Spouse, Can Bal?
Anything that will kill some time, it's all yours, man.
All right, buddy.
Have a great time.
I think he's talking about this.
Hey, you, Jennifer Capriotti here and when I'm not slipping balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my ass.
And I get my best hits off the Jennifer Capriotti, Tennis Ball Can Bal.
That's right, it's the Jennifer Capriotti, Tennis Ball Can Bal.
Cops will never suspect this innocent looking can, just empty the balls, screw on the ball, fill it with water and you're set to destroy brain cells.
The Jennifer Capriotti way.
Oh, this is so smooth.
It's the ball that thinks it's a tennis ball can.
A tennis ball can that thinks it's a ball.
Proceeds benefit the Jennifer Capriotti legal defense foot.
Normal approves.
So always that guy said, 109 and 560 W.M.
It's Super Bowl week.
We're counting down.
I'm not sure we're not counting to the Super Bowl.
We're counting down two more days to the Niels vacation, one o'clock Friday.
I'll be out of here.
And a little Georgia beyond, instead of those tapes, unfortunately.
Well, evidently Joe, he's been getting wind of all the grief that we've been given and deservedly so, by the way, Joe, you deserve a very second of it.
Taps my ass.
72 A.M. Hello.
So, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I know you don't drive it that far, but I've got to know the good grill steakhouse for you.
OK.
It's Grotem's Grill in Kewa'a.
WQA M. Hello.
QA M.
Can you go ahead 100 years now and buy?
Kill a lot of them?
No problem, pal.
Thanks.
Oh, these people, man.
Even though we had the thing with the restaurants, they already shot their material with that, you know.
We do have that bit cold scrotem, but I don't think we were planning on no more.
Remember that one?
I do.
I've memorized.
Do you?
It's still in here.
I got scrotem.
Oh, yeah, here it is.
Hey, pal, get out of here with that.
Yeah, I need a hand with that.
There's powder for that.
Mm-hmm.
And that's the kind of powder that I think the crow used to, a smear on.
Used to be.
Goldbond.
Was it goldbond or was it like, hazmere bouquet?
Yeah, hazmere bouquet sounds so great.
Yeah, not for an X-Jot like the crow.
Where is the crow, and he flew away?
If I look at the last one, there's that osmaninejad, man.
I'm just like saying his name.
It's crazy person.
It's not great.
Most of the countries in the world have leaders who are, you got your voice, you got your
apehood, old-mirt, and you got King John Eel, and you got the osmaninejad, all the crazy people all the time.
They're in charge.
I prefer to back in the day, and when it was like Charles and Charge.
You.
I don't be knocking, Scott Bayer.
I mean, what do he ever do to you?
Never said it was a great train.
I love it.
I mean, Joni loves Chachi.
That's what I heard.
12 minutes after 1 a.k.a. and hey, audio racing and poker fans,
Pompadopark racing and poker is that all the plunging action you could ever want.
Whether it's first fast nighttime horse racing or playing poker in our smoke-free card room with no long wait time to play,
you can have a great night out at Pompadopark.
So be sure to come out and treat yourself when evening of gaming fun and excitement,
plus both general parking and admission are free every single day.
Coming up this Saturday, February 3 is the most amazing fireworks stunt show you've ever seen.
It's called Hot to Trot, and features Australian trainer driver Vinciil Vester,
when his horse hand me silver racing around the track, shooting off more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks,
and they must see the belief performance.
Plus, there'll be free t-shirt, your voice starting at 6 p.m. this Saturday,
and three minutes of horse rides for the kids starting at 7 p.m.
Live harness racing in the smoke-free poker room open every Monday, Wednesday,
like today, Friday and Saturday, poker gets underway at noon, it's going on right now,
and live racing gets underway at 7 p.m.
And don't forget that every Wednesday, like tonight, it's Dollar Night for Draft Beer,
soda hot dogs, and lots more.
Make sure to come out this Saturday, February 3 for the Hot to Trot,
Fireworks stunt show, and the free t-shirt giveaway,
both Colts and Bears fans, more than welcome.
Pompadopark, harness for block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road,
for the new racing schedule, go online at www.pompadopark.com or give them a call
at 954-972-2000.
I'm Katie Currick, a stunning development from the president.
At a news conference, today he announced he's retiring,
and he confirmed what we reported here last night.
Today he said, flat out, I believe in Santa Claus, his wife of 29 years,
Laura, talked exclusively today to Bob Sheeper.
President Bush cannot read.
This is a terrible injustice, and it's unacceptable.
Wow. Bob, I know it's pretty rare for this first lady to be so open.
I found her remarkably candid.
Then by coincidence, I was f***ing her today.
Just as the president was holding his news conference.
Thank you, Bob.
Now to the story that's on the minds of so many of us tonight,
the latest in a series of big changes that the Pentagon,
they are now killing innocent civilians, and Wyoming,
Kansas, and Nebraska, you better watch out.
And that is the CBS evening news.
I'm Katie Currick.
As always, have a very, very Christmas.
Is she doing it?
No, or what?
I'm going to tell them that without any consulting for you.
I'm going to tell them that for free.
You did?
She is going to be the biggest disaster.
She is the master of disaster.
But at any rate, they got all these consultants,
and they paid them millions of them.
And they probably got their own water sable over their CBS.
When surprised me?
272, all of a sudden, this president pushes on Ruta New York's stock exchange,
and they're running around breathless like,
oh, boy, the president is coming here.
Oh, I want to see a stock price fall like a rock.
You'll see.
How's that poll coming, man?
We got almost 13 air votes on there now.
Heavy duty.
I think the real ne'er Rogers, not just the one on a radio,
not just that the big legendary radio star,
but the real ne'er Rogers, is legendary 345,
a sweet old guy, 282.
I think the old is what they're emphasizing.
An insecure geek, 136.
A homebody, 118.
A horn dog, 82.
And A-hole, 67.
Oh, that's coming out a little bit, 5.2%.
Better crank that up.
A-hole.
Straight, 60.
Oh, yeah.
Warming cutly 55, an evil bastard, 38.
Outgoing, 34.
I hate this pool, only 32 to 9%.
And a social butterfly, well, I got that one right, 23.
That's about the last thing you'd call me, a social butterfly.
Not just my thing.
Maybe a play-doll butterfly, but not a social butterfly.
A horn like a butterfly.
U.S. scientists felt pressured to tailor their writings on global warming
to 50 Bush administration skepticism in some cases at the behest
of an actual industry lobbyist taking congressional committee heard yesterday.
Our investigations found high quality science struggling to get out.
Francesca Grifo of the Watchdog Group Union Concerned Scientist,
filled members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
A survey by the group found that 150 climate scientists personally experienced
political interference in the past five years, a total of at least 435 incidents.
Nearly half of all respondents perceived their personal experience
pressure will make the words climate change, global warming, or the similar terms,
from a variety communications grifo said.
They gave them a lot of grief.
Oh.
Rick Pills, a former U.S. government scientist who said he resigned in 2005
after pressure to sell pedal findings at global warming,
told the committee in prepared testimony that former White House official Phil Koonie
took an active role in casting down on the consequences of global climate change.
Koonie, who was the lobbyist for the American Petroleum Institute before becoming
chief of staff at the White House Council on Environmental Quality,
resigned in 2005 to work for oil giant Exxon Mobile.
Oh my God.
Documents on global climate change required Koonie's review and approval pilt said.
His edits of program reports which had been drafted in a Proof-Bike Rear Science
program managers had the cumulative effect of adding in and enhanced sense of scientific
uncertainty about global warming and minimizing its likely consequences pilt said.
The hearing was one of two yesterday's spot-loving, spot-lighting global climate change,
or spot-loving it.
A set of form featured testimony from members of that chamber,
including presidential hopeful swallery and Barack Obama and Republican
John McKinnever, Arizona, with a bad cheek.
That's what happened when Bush was ripping him an assay-o during the 2000s,
he turned the other cheek.
Oh, huh.
The good one?
He's a phomy as an 82 dollar bill.
5670560.
I don't think we need any more restaurants.
I think we got that licked.
I mean, you know, we can do that forever and ever, but it's just a...
Yeah, we can do that.
How to hear what you say.
I like reminiscing about WAGS and about Showni's big boy over there on the Davy Road Extension.
Now, what's the story?
Is the Godfather still there by the Hesses Against Station?
I don't know.
Well, we need to find out about that.
Remember, they brought us in some pizza a few times.
I believe that's before your buddy was there to steal the pizza.
In addition to which we would have been a student of,
we'd never let him steal any of our food.
I'll tell you that right now.
In fact, you remember the one time I don't remember what kind of food it was,
but somebody brought some stuff in.
Mm-hmm.
And we sent one of our flunky somebody in there to offer him an early order.
Oh, I don't want any of that.
Now, he refused.
He wouldn't take it any more.
He knew we had the arsenic in there.
Good choice, Mo.
There you go, Mo.
WQA, and hello.
QA.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
All right.
I'm going to move to Midwest, and you've got to look at the responses in that article.
If you go to the thumbnail, this will go responsibly really last,
because it's really great stuff to read.
What are the responses?
What do they say?
Oh, just pretend to want it for the sucks big time.
Well, we brought the stupid hockey packer to watch the Panthers.
I don't know why I wasted 150 bucks.
Yeah.
That was pretty sad.
You're too a refund, man.
I'm going to try to.
But anyway, read those articles, and then you're going to love them.
And I'm the guy from Minnesota.
I don't live in Minnesota, but some reason that says that on there.
But I wrote some choice words.
OK, thanks, Pally.
Later.
It must have sensitive his comments on there.
Well, you know, when people from civilized places come to South Florida,
they see the barbaric acts of the locals, and they see the way people are so hostile,
and negative, and anti-social, and suspicious,
and vehemently grotesque, whatever that means.
And they don't understand it.
And then I like when I came up here and these people, you know,
and you become like I told you, become whatever the environment caused.
That's right.
You become.
If the people around you are polite and friendly, then you become polite and friendly.
If the people around you hold the elevator door,
if they hold the front door, the building, if they see,
if they see, if they're like 50 yards behind them and they're going out the door,
they still hold the door, and they look back like, come on, old man, let's go,
but they are holding the door for you.
Even if you don't want to go out, they still hold the door for you, you know.
Polite, friendly, decent, civilized.
The word you're looking for is civilized.
Civilized, like here, like right here where my aunt is sitting right now,
as opposed to South Florida, which is un-civilized.
That's anybody, that'll tell you.
Un-civilized.
Very unfortunate, too.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you, uh, it was beef steak, Charlie.
Did you get that?
Yeah, we got it.
Oh, you got that, what about Sydney Sheldon?
You mentioned it?
Dead.
Dead.
Okay, that's it.
Thanks.
Bye.
All right.
This guy could be our professional storyteller.
He could.
He could call him if we wanted to every day.
What did you get this one?
You get that one and you get the Haini Manouche died and Yadi Yadi out, whatever.
And the president had a bad bowel movement or something like that.
And the whole world is suffering from it.
That's the problem.
There he is.
He's signing autographs at the New York Stock Exchange.
Look at that.
That isn't pathetic, huh?
Maybe the brain of that heartened.
That this is his audience.
This is a conservative crowd.
Yeah, this is his crowd, man.
All these money grabbers, all these lunatics, all these raving maniacs who are causing you
people to get a rape did it at the gas tank, just raving your souls, man.
This is his crowd, all right?
The money crowd.
And you people on CNBC, nothing I'm watching that because I don't watch that in no mode, a gambling channel.
You ought to be all in jail and that includes your old buddy Ted David and the Gossamish Fahal.
All of you people on CNBC have been saying that for years.
Well, it's the new economy against the old economy.
Yeah, new economy, my ass, okay?
Talk about selling a pig in a poke.
You ever see a pig in a poke?
No, but a poke to pig.
Have you really?
A poke to that and smell too good.
I'll just understand.
Braw was about an hour ago.
It was pretty good.
One thing about the choimans, man, they knew their food.
That still is.
It just amazes me.
It must be the drugs.
You know, it's got to be that.
Well, the Dutch are right there next door.
Germany and Holland are right side by each other, right next door to each other.
And the food in Germany is excellent.
I mean, even if you get like ethnic, if you get like Italian food, it's great.
Or then of course the German, the Braw was then the knock was then the Schnitzel and all of a sudden.
And in Amsterdam, they said that they Schnitzel without the enemy.
I see.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, the food in Amsterdam is like to die.
But then again, like I told you before, nobody goes to Amsterdam for food.
For great cuisine.
People go to Amsterdam for two things, sex and drugs.
Got it?
Got it.
Let me say it again for the umpteenth time.
I don't do drugs.
Dutch Packing?
Don't lie.
Oh, the harbour.
Don't, don't, don't.
Every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't.
That pre-tard it dimwits.
Don't, don't, don't.
I'm a G.
I'm a G.
He's president of the s***er.
Republican Russell is in our chamberlain idiot.
I don't know why they want this young.
But now he's here.
First person in four years.
With president dump s***er.
Oh, what I did to the most was more.
Here.
And yet we all voted more.
If you want this.
Don't, don't, don't.
If you're strumming stupidly.
Don't, don't, don't.
I'm this drunk and rich kid.
Don't, don't, don't.
He's even.
Numbering me.
He's president dump s***er.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in my upper blood with the Christian.
Right, over the thousand you and I have a home, no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president dump s***er.
There he is.
He's in the New York Stock Exchange.
He's in the second president in his room.
He's in the second president in his room.
He's in the new York Stock Exchange.
He's going like that.
Over and over again.
1292 on the pole.
It'll make 13th number to easy.
Nice go on, Chris.
We've got 13th number to do.
Right, right, right down on your resume.
Go ahead now.
Good.
Hey, at least you know, Bernic calorie or two can't hurt.
Speaking of a burning calorie, now you're not a french fry guy or you probably are.
Yes, sometimes.
And George is a big french fry.
Oh, what am I going to do to get you off of that?
Well, anyway, I'll die.
Here's a little bit of what you're going to die.
I'm going to tell you right now.
All you people listening to me right now, I'm going to tell you something.
You can mark this down.
Okay, as a Wayne would say, as a baldy, puckmark baldy would say, you can mark it down.
If you eat french fries, you are going to die.
Okay?
Okay.
Now let me quickly hasten to add this.
If you don't eat french fries, you're still going to die.
McDonald's corporation has finally selected a new trans-fat-free oil for their famous french
fries after years of testing the fast food chain be sawn.
While it's developed a healthier new oil, the company is still not sure if it will be
used in all of its 13,000.
This is chopped off again.
See, why do we do this?
Why do I waste my time with these stories?
That's chopped off.
Well, any oil is from CBS News, though.
It's not even from CNN.
How do you like that?
The oil is currently in more than 1200 restaurants after extensive testing, but they're
not saying no more.
We can confirm that we've got the right oil, since spokesman Walter Riker, they've got
the right oil.
They spent seven years testing different blends on trans-fat-free oils to use on their
famous fries.
I mean, fries, any kind of a food that you have to smear something else on to make good,
that's not a good food.
Well, you don't have to with McDonald's.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, you don't put no ketchup on it?
Don't need to.
Loathing up with salt.
Loathing up with salt?
No, well, salt.
I mean, if it's a potato without salt, it's salt on everything.
Even the steaks.
You put salt on steaks?
They have salt on them.
Regular salt.
No, they don't have like sea salt.
They have whatever salt salt.
They have seasonings.
They have regular salt.
Not like iodized salt that we used to sell when I went to school.
You know, iodized salt that makes it saltier.
I wonder why the hell we used to do that.
We used to sell those round containers of salt, you know, those shakers, those boxes of
salt.
Why?
Why do we do that?
I don't know.
Why do we do anything?
You know, why do we go around the May pool?
I think if you go around the May pool too many times, it makes you pay.
Look what happened to me.
You went around the May pool.
I remember going around the May pool.
My cousin and I were in the same first grade class.
We used to laugh so hard.
We would pee in our pants.
That's a very unflattering story.
But, yeah, it's one thing when you do it when you're a kid and you're laughing so hard,
but when you get to be my agent, you start doing that.
It's a horse of a different fella, a fella color.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
Killer.
It's not a good idea.
1283 votes?
1293, excuse me.
We're after the break.
We'll have 1300.
And that's going to be a real feather in Chris's belt.
Christian conservatives call for end of 14th Amendment citizenship birthright.
You know, the more Bill Berker with rights is.
After months of being missing an action from a debate on the issue, a group of Christian
conservatives, in other words, for Abyss and Egoyam, are now staking out a position on
immigration.
Families first on immigration, a coalition led by former Republican Party president who
will hopefully umptious Gary Bauer, who heads up a group called American values, former
Bush advisor to Catholic voters, deal Hudson of the Morley Institute for Church and Culture,
and David Keene of the American Conservative Union, are advancing what they call religiously
grounded positions on immigration.
In early January, families first on immigration sent letters to President George W. and
leaders of the New Democrat-controlled Congress urging them to adopt a grand compromising
device of issue that includes strong border security, and amnesty for illegals already
here who are relatives of citizens, and an end to birthright citizenship the Washington
Times says.
Our position is really consistent with Christian teachings and with the rule of law said,
Manuel Miranda, chairman of the Third Branch Conference, as of January 9, the group's
150 grass top leaders who has brought together more than 30 top shelf conservatives on this
issue.
Top shelf.
Remember Dekevius, the solar craft, top shelf.
How to concern for keeping families together the religious leaders proposed granted citizenship
to many illegal aliens in the country related to U.S. citizens.
This would include anyone who's had a child born here often referred to as an anchor baby
the Washington Times reported.
Remember that's talked about Rosia, the original anchor baby?
No, that's not.
Startled out with the night real sour note.
In return the federal government would end birthright citizenship with a automatically
grants U.S. citizenship to anyone born here regardless of his parents legal status.
The 14th amendments as all persons born are naturalized in the U.S. are citizens of the
U.S.A.
This is a real compromise Miranda claimed on the one hand there is legalization of a large
number of people, but conservatives get the settlement of the thirtiest issue for them
in the immigration debate.
Earlier Miranda, the former judicial nominations counseled the insinuity of leader Bill Fist
and the senate judiciary committee and a man known for his fair share of controversy told
CBN that's the Christian broadcasting network.
Until now, religious leaders have been criticized for staying uninvolved in the immigration
debate, this coalition gets them involved.
The offer to come to the table offer ideas they can eventually support previously the
White House didn't invite their participation and they didn't offer their help.
With certain results, a wider participation may get the president's wider support to
allow Republicans and Democrats to obtain a coherent reform, but a bit better who put
about.
Oh, brother.
I say all we have to do is let religious getscuse come in.
That's for the American people.
A lot more getscuse, baby.
A lot more religious fanatics so we can repress and suppress and take away.
Yeah, who now needs that crappy piece of paper, the Constitution anyway, right?
That's what your president said.
That's what your president said.
President Bush made a piece of paper.
Crapy piece of paper, that's all it is.
Just make it up as you go along.
How come he's not being impeached right now?
You know, and instead they're showing them on here with another dog and pony show another
photo off shaking hands.
They're all glad handing him.
Man, they got all the people shaking his hands there at the New York Stock Exchange.
They got blood on their hands.
You follow what I'm saying?
Bloody hands, baby.
Now, I bet you if I refresh this thing over here, wouldn't surprise the least out of
me if we have 1300 votes.
And then during this next break, I'm putting on my shoes.
Now some people might wonder, what is the audience really need to know when you put on your
pantaline or any of your shoes?
Oh, I'm Wednesday.
They do.
On Wednesday, they do because boy, I'm on that door like a flash.
Like Grant took Richmond, man.
One more vote to 13.
Do you think I'd let it slip over to 13?
Because I'm hearing your fax and me some crap back here.
Yeah, crap.
Where's your chuckle?
Let's see.
Sans says there used to be several peppermills in Northern California.
The food is usually excellent.
Reno's got a big peppermil, which is also a nice casino.
Maybe there's another peppermil in Vegas that you saw.
The original owner was a guy named Bill Pagnetti.
It says, have a great vacation, child baby.
Well, thank you, Sam.
Thank you so much.
Like most bad, you trusted friend, Bono Salah.
All right.
What did Luca?
Wasn't he his most trusted friend?
Well, look at this.
Here's another speaking of wood vines.
This is for after the break a great story.
Confusion at slot machine pays 7.8 million.
What?
Oh, yeah.
Maybe that's going to happen for me today.
What do you think?
Maybe I'm going to win a lot of money for eight million or both.
That sounds like 15 million to me.
Boy, and you won't believe my generosity.
If I win millions like that, you wouldn't even believe it.
I'm crying already.
I'm not talking about you.
That's why you get crying.
1301 on the pole.
We got it made.
I'll give you the rundown again once.
I don't know.
It'll be more than enough.
We want to hear how many people call you when A-hole.
Okay, we will do it.
68 by the way.
What's 39?
21 before 2 a QM time.
What's the
thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
And I don't even need an W 80, I can't do anything else.
and
I
can
say
okay, it's what the last look at that just change the channel is in my clock when I always go by that time of clock it's 145
38
all is 146 is later than you think boys and girls mad dog coming up at two from radio row
and then the hopper and the mad dog together the power hours from three to six
we have hurricane hoops tonight any interest
oh
i got my shoes on by the way those who keep in track he's got on the shirt the epitolones and the shoes my new balance
confusion at the slot machine pays seven point eight million dollars oh
everybody get on your knees and pray for the old man hit the good machine today man
pray to Buddha, pray to Jesus, pray to Moses, Abraham, Solomon, Abraham Solomon,
Heinemanouche, Ishtar Bibbl, Bucksman, this is where is that, Bucks, is Pennsylvania
I don't have any idea where this is
didn't realize he was playing for the pot during Reno Nevada visit
if he realized he was gambling away three point seventy five three three dollars and seventy five cents
and a spin on a quarter slot machine John Brownley might have walked away and called it night
see that's what they do on the nickels and the quarters you can play like up to 50 coins
you know and you think you're playing like little a small potatoes and you're playing like a whole bunch of money per spin
as it turned out ignorance made him a multi-millionaire oh my god
a giant check for seven million eight hundred and seventy four thousand four hundred and thirty five dollars handed him inside the grand
here resort casino in Reno set her day night made the heavy coast of the game a lot more tolerable heavy cost
coast these seventy one year old Bucks County machine shop owner who thought he was paying seventy five cents
on a maximum bet came home with one of the largest paths in the history of the wheel of fortune special edition mega jackpot for aggressive
slot game oh my god the wheel of fortune did you hear that I heard it don't you play that
but not not the mega that's that's a whole different thing
that's so that's one of those digital ones you know it's got like who knows what that is
in fact there was a woman playing that they have the high stakes room where I played the five dollar machines
the wheel of fortune and there was a woman playing one of those digital ones next to me that they and I don't know how that thing works
but she had in one place you got a whole bunch of spins and she kept into button spinning and spinning
and spin what the hell are you doing honey you bit I mean to be honest with you I had no idea how I was even playing the game
that that's the way it always is man ignorance is bliss the plum set township man said yesterday three days after he hit the jackpot
when all this happened I was waiting for the wheel of fortune to go around and push the spin button but nothing was happening
I said to someone next to me something's wrong with the machine he said call an attendant you just hit the jackpot and I said oh my god
I'm his return to Bucks County Bromley celebrate his newfound wealth by showing up for work as he has since 1972
when he opened up John Bromley machine company in child front and he has no plans of returning I really don't know this is from the morning call
I have no idea what where this is where does that is Bucks County in Pennsylvania I keep thinking I don't know
the father of four said he had no big plans for the money other than paying some bills and paying off his children's mortgages
we'll take it Bromley started his business with the money made by selling nine to ten puppies his grew selling nine of ten puppies is great thing
Lady Trixie well they birthed to in 68 that's how he started his business he sold nine puppies the company makes products for aerospace
medical military electric power telecommunications industries this is my business if it's my baby he said it is my baby before rushing off for business meaning
it's work until I die or I can't maneuver myself he said well in that case we'll take the eight million I'll to be up real nice
Bromley was in Nevada with his fiancee over the weekend for a convention held by the Safari Club International
and I have a hunter Bromley is attending the convention and we know for the past 23 years I've owned jackpots before like 2500 he said but I'm not much of a gambler
it's always the way there's man you're sitting there you think you know something you think you got the hot machine your plunging your brains out your tap and then you're banging it your squeezing it and the button to
and some lung some lumbus comes along how do you play this and I hit the button there's like three grand
he said he was playing other games that night but wasn't having any luxury decided to take a spin at the wheel of torture
he put about a hundred bucks in the machine before he hit it big it makes me just want to scream in fact you know what it makes me want to say over and over again
oh what just like that see and there I hit the wrong thing don't you know I did that for Chris you know walk it up
I don't know about Chris what the deal is with you in the are you a slot player or not I'm sure
I like slots but I prefer other games I like roulette I like I don't know what is it sick bow sick bow yeah the guy like you know has the top or hat type thing
I know I have a sick bow has three dice and you basically bet on what the dice gonna come up anyway getting back to the
schmendrick he says the crowd started coming around to give me a glass champagne a friend of mine came walking over and I said sit with me out of
him in shock his family was unaware of his when he's still got home Monday night well what what a cheap ass he wins eight many
doesn't call it up and say I want eight million bucks well maybe he was doing shock or maybe he was going home told by phone
Monday that his father just want almost a million brown Lee son Jason the company's VP thought it was a joke describing his dad
as a jovial guy kind of like jolly joe bill Jason said it was just like his father spring surprise on him and the rest of the family days after the fact I'm excited don't get me wrong
John brown Lee said but it kind of wore off yeah I mean eight million brown Lee's got the option of receiving a year
I'll see here's another scam again unlike Canada where they give you a check for the full amount he can receive a yearly payment for the next
20 years or getting a lump sum it was leading toward the annual payment and annuity to rip off Rick sorenson spokesman for the international game technology
the company that makes the slot machines and pays out jackpots said his company wouldn't disclose the lump sum brown Lee might be eligible to receive this is one of the bigger ones he said the 7.8
million dollars ranks 14th on the list of largest jackpots ever hit on wheel of fortune slots including those that take more than a quarter wheel of fortune
slots have been a casino since 1996 the company says the largest jackpot on a wheel of fortune quarter slot machine was 8.4 million
once a lot of about a casino in 2002 the largest payout from a wheel of fortune game the company manufactures number slots with the game show theme was 11.2 million on a $1
slot machine in Vegas 11.2 million okay I'm lucky if I can get 400 bucks on the line for Christ and some smoke 11.2 million a dollar slot machine maybe today's my day
what do you think let's hope of course the only problem is the progressive jackpot on the dollar machines here is 166
who wants to allow 166th rand a international game technology says its largest jackpot ever was 39.7 million dollars on a megabucks machine mine 39.7
and I told her that story about the cocktail which was in Vegas is about four or five years ago remember and she won like 25 million or something on the
megabucks and then she was driving to work the next day or wherever she was going and some drunk hitter and now she's like in a wheel of fortune
she's like she got 20 pound of bucks and she can't walk that's life for you because the Lord works in mysterious ways or some crap like that I think more likely the answer is crap happens
13.18 on the pool I think the real deal is legendary 360 do I really want to hear an A-hole 68 5.1% the real deal is an A-hole okay what do you say?
I'm going to win I'm going to win the big one today I'm going to go to the $5 machine hit the 366 thousand dollar progressive jackpot just to show you a thing or two or three I like that
my religion is better than your religion is better than your absolutely I believe you want to require to avoid a lack of fire my religion is better than yours
my religion is better than your religion my religion is better than yours my religion has been in a tree and racial hate my religion is better than yours
I believe in the better than yours I believe in the better than yours but we like about it best I find the boys aware of the dress my religion is better than yours
my religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours
osgu also we saw there question all the mind religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours
My religion is better than your religion.
It's my religion is better than yours.
We now endorse a father you like overbrushed his UI views.
My religion is better than your oil oils.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than your oil oils.
Don't don't don't worry.
We wear tis and white our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
All right.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
We know one news already for my wish.
Let me cooperate.
My religion is better than yours.
Bye bye bye!
