Oh man, what's the picture for the car submission for her?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
Greetings any minute!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
I'm dying out of here!
How the hell did she get fired?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
Her highly respected people were fired!
Who she may say, but she ain't!
Here's a bitch who don't have a clue on what she's doing!
Oh my god!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
Twice the bitch should get fired!
How did that damn drunk get fired?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
The sour-boost holds up with both two
Sticks her as we know she'll not go!
Do it alone!
Here's another teaching job at Regent and stop destroying our show!
She-who-oh!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
She-who-oh!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
Let it go!
How was the hell bitch she get fired?
Let it go!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
Only one and two and a half!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired!
She-who-oh!
I
Okay, five so I think he broke the string on the guitar there right there
And now the reason that they're saying she blows they heard the rumor from
Hey, no parts on we can't play that no more. I miss any bed. I got to say you want I oh I miss it badly
In fact when you get your show even fire it up and the fire will be the opposite of work and that's what really kills me about these people
Come on, you'll have a wish grow up here show us some
Gatzi show us some stupidities what they're trying to say so the but the trend it's not the book
I mean it's a trend we're dropping off a horrendous January so it's February, March and April these are rolling trends three months at a time
Do I need to keep explaining after all these years? I would hope not I would hope that our listeners our audience are ratings mavens
They know what it's all about
So Clarence will be walking in there any minute now when you he walks in you tell me whether he's smiling or frowning or
Got a corn cup up his butt or what you know what what do you think he's gonna be doing I have no idea I
Have no idea now now logic would say that probably he ought to have like a little smirk
I'm not gonna say we're ever great April
But it ought to be okay and certainly dropping off January we ought to be a little bit of improvement
Especially in certain day parts although they got to drop off February the morning. Do you know that in February?
In many team plus in the morning from that's 60 10 oh, oh Jesus because that includes the big oh
No, they had a 0.9 now. How is it possible in the daytime hours?
I mean there actually are people awake like after seven let's say from seven to 10 in the morning
How is it possible to get a oh point anything on this radio station?
I mean in this station been on the year for like 6,000 years. It's legendary not as legendary as I am
But it's pretty damn close and you'd think that just by osmosis just by you know the the final two's making sounds
With their mouth or with their whatever they do
Then we should be able to crack a one wouldn't you?
Yeah, you would think but you look at that number and you say well and then of course you listen this morning
Well, where's Kenny today in the tomorrow?
Where's Kenny W? I do not know. Oh, please don't tell me that it's gonna be a Kimba and OJ McDuffigan tomorrow morning
Please don't say that. Oh, no
Because that's what we had this morning the Kenny and Vomiting show with with bow and without Kenny and with OJ McDuffey with the juice, Jr
Oh, God and then tomorrow we also got the Goldie and I guess OJ McDuffey's gonna be the new great hope
For the station in which case were doomed
Oh, baby, whoo that means real service now is Clare's come running in there yet or what?
No, not yet. You're definitely gonna give me the heads up and heads down. Oh, Michelle
I think they had I think they have a word for that heads up and heads down, but nevertheless we can't say an expression
Okay, how are we doing yesterday? We had 1609 votes on the poll including much-freeping by Republican imposter's but that's okay
Who's your favorite Democratic contender Barack Obama kicks ass, baby?
He is the man 479 votes. He had almost 30%
30 man total vote
No, no, no Republican 263 16.3% at least that percent went down under 19 something
You know, it was almost 20% of one point because we were getting freaked by a bunch of idiots
Hillary 223 and so Barack beats her more by much more than two to one in our group and our crowd
I
Think a lot of the support for Hillary is from women don't you and since we don't have any women audience about 10
Would wouldn't you think that would be the case?
Best of her, huh? I don't know women. What do you mean? You don't know?
You think that men want to vote for Hillary men Democrats and well there you go
John Edwards 185 he would the very nifty expensive haircut and the wife with breast cancer
And I'm not making light of the fact that she's got breast cancer
It's just that it seems to be you know, it's like
Who's the other one
Yeah, it's like the other one that's dying or something I don't know any time something's got like some kind of a thing
John Edwards 185 Dennis Cassin is 177 none be above
109 Bill Richardson 90 from New Mexico
Microfile from Alaska 70 and Christophe from Connecticut only 13 Wow
So Tonto Tracy so many they trace they see
Tritichi, I don't know these stupid ass numbers. Why can't we all agree on English?
You know, it's we're lazy. It's easy that way right?
Great because you know if we want the world to agree on one language
It has to be the one that we speak we sure is all the one learned somebody else's language
Josh Cortes by the way gets ripped roundly by both Charlie B and Sean are two poll people
Oh boy, I've got some heavy duty stuff. We'll get into that shouldn't take more than 15 20 hours
But in the meantime, and I keep thinking today is Friday
Do you think it's wishful thinking or something? I don't get it. I think you just shouldn't come to work tomorrow
I don't know what that is I woke up this morning and
Thought it's Friday you bastard. I don't know why
We got 601 votes on the pool today, which is really one of Charlie B's all-time worst and we've only got two or three bedtime stories on the website
Which is fantastic? Well, that's fantastic to you because it means no work
But not for me because I know I sent you more than that
But somehow that outlook expressed got all screwed up. It just I don't know it doesn't strange things
Strange things so you know people are gonna say well he was screwing off he went off to woodbind and put any good stories for us
Well, that's not true. Listen go to woodbind every day. Why do you say that? You could win that 1300 bucks every day. It's available
Oh
That same machine is if you are so that's a machine machine in fact more the regulars came by and told me that on Monday that machine
It's my favorite machine one way down the far right
That one on Monday paid three grand and then about ten minutes later 1500 and 400 and 500 and four and it was a pretty good
Anyway, what differences to make all these people are gonna be flying to woodbind now
Let me find deals machine mine and I'll tell you one thing about that machine when it's cold
It's cold for like about three weeks. You couldn't get a dime out of that thing
So that's the way their program baby. Oh, their program don't tell us that now. What's the story with parents?
I'm just you know killing some time here now
Maybe he forgot it was a trend day. Oh, he didn't forget he came worked you in there when he was there this morning
I know I wasn't no you must have been out doing a choice or something
Because he came in there and but I beat but I bet that he was in there for a while much too long
About 30 seconds, but anyway, he a promise to be back in the in here facts me the the month lease
That's why I know what the men 18 plus we don't care about many teen plus because that includes like men old men
Even older than me which is really old and those people all are listening to radio mum be communist that communist
That's the crowd and they vote in gigantic and I do mean vote gigantic numbers. So it doesn't mean nothing
2554 men. That's what we're looking for
617 votes on this awful pool today. Now do you think we're gonna make a thousand crisps?
Yeah, we do have the full four hours
I doubt it with this kind of a pool. What's the worst thing you've ever done at work that could be construed or misconstrued as sexual harassment?
I didn't even know what to vote on there. I don't know
617 told a dirty joke. I guess that's what I voted and I don't tell dirty jokes
I'm just I'm not a joke teller, you know
What no, I know what you know what I mean what do you mean you know?
I know it saying you've never told a lot of people call all the time try to tell a joke and you hang up
I'm right off. I'm not telling jokes
It's just real crap. I mean once in a great while somebody would have a funny one
But I don't think we'll be getting any on the phone today to you
Told a dirty joke 148 flooded with somebody 123
Oh, in fact, I picture that I said you know, I think I'm gonna make an email everybody that picture. Oh Jesus
God, that's a pretty face, but it's a guy. You know when you get too excited
Florida with somebody
123 hugged her kiss to colleague 64 took advantage of a coworker who was drunk at a company party 59
Well, what's wrong with that?
Isn't that what company parties are all about getting somebody drunk and taking advantage of them?
Slap your pins somebody's ass 59 of that if you ask me
That's over the top or under the bottom
Ask somebody on a date 56. Well, why is that sexual harassment? You can't ask somebody the office out on a date
I got news for you ask Greg Green how he feels about that
Stalk somebody 45 stalk them set outside their window and peaked in
Display the sexy calendar 24
Spide on someone in the bathroom 21. Oh
That is so gross
Spide on somebody in the bathroom doing what?
Do what comes naturally Jesus God Almighty where's parents with the numbers already for Christ's
Don't tell me we have another malfunction at the junction. I hope not boy. That would be bad
What a one seductive clothing 10. Oh, that's me. I wear seductive clothing most checkered pants and
Roto love letter or a note eight
Solamente Ocho
Roto love letter or a note like maybe on the tea room wall
630 votes on a pool boy. We're gonna be really under a lot of duress today
Let's hope that the good numbers are when the ratings come in the good numbers
It's in like maybe four and a five and a six and a seven it's something something more than ones in twos and oh
Oh, it's always right. What was me? Oh?
Here we go. Okay. Is he got a smile on his face? Yes, he's got a smile. He's got a smile on his face
That's got pretty good hair too. So much pretty. He's why he did what he's got confetti in his hair
He's got confetti in his hair and he ran his fingers down his leg whatever that means he's still doing the search party
I don't want to see that again clearance. Oh, God that day he was coming in and groping himself
I now that was sexual harassment that was it if ever there was that's that's perfect for today's pool
He's trying to ask me if you like it though. I didn't like it not with him doing it. Oh
God, I was like gagging. He doesn't have a pretty face like this this guy like the guy since you
I'm gonna send that picture to everybody if you why you don't think that guy's got a pretty face you don't know
You're right. I don't if you if you thought he was the prettiest man on the face you ever said the globe
You wouldn't admit that because it sounds awfully that's not true
I just he just looks like some normal guy to me. He's normal. All right. I don't know
You know me. I'm just a little you perverted queen and I see somebody. It looks really really good to me
Oh
I get a little spastic and that's me like if you saw some hot chicken air
That's right. Oh, and you say wow wow
Well, we were breaking when we come back. Maybe we got some good news, but then again with it the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
I'm tell your story
She's exactly pretty
And exactly small
423956
You can say she got her
Rosie big fat lesbian loud Rosie attacks innocent pure Christian almost a better
Your guys disgusting both inside and out we take a look at her. She's a slab she talks like a truck driver
Rosie's a loser you know
And they kicked me out for this and I have no talent. I have no vengeance towards the company
I'm simply happy about the fact that it is finally over
I'd like to make one thing perfectly clear
Not all I need she'll fail because ultimately she's all about failure
I'm a bigger guy being near
Let's be in the Ormic Western
I'm King Reveal
This is the kind of a thing I grow up with that she's very ugly or a lesbian
Both it's a 1018 at 516 W.D. Cume now what else is coming through here now? I hope please every you know not 18 plus
Hopefully some more stuff. That's all I got so far well we don't get this is a trend so there's no 2554
So there's nothing else that I need besides many teen plus I
Hopefully they'll come in. Oh, it's a fact and it says my mind you know how things have come full circle now
You guys have toast and juice on with for taught etc as they once had a cross history
I really but all with all those trends as well while they say we have toast and juice on the infertala
That's true. They had these guys across the street
What did I say before the show today if they failed across the street? Let's get them over here at any rate
It looks like we did a little bit better not the anything spectacular. I know what he was smiling about
And of course I really can't tell what we did from the
I see from the winner book. I don't get this
From the winter book
To this money. That's right from January for March to February March April under this little confuse
Okay, just don't let the way it looks there. Well what happened to an overall there from a two-one to a two-eight and 18 plus
All right, well
From 20th to time for 14. That's overall for the entire week
WCMQ and the MA in the Westbygad English Akii 6.7 number one by a mile
They went way up they were number one before but they went from a six year to a six-seven. They they huge
April radio Mamby. Let's see what did I tell you about many team plus includes all those old Julios that write down these
No, speaking English stations. Although CMQ FM is an old but radio Mamby is
Big from a four five to a four eight from fourth to third. Oh, that's Paulian old Ron
And that includes part of that time when they were on like 75 hours a day, which is right now
Love 94 is a fourth life radio on more
Hot 105 and WD are the top two four six eight stations all of them are ethnic except love 94
Which nobody listens to that and life which is slush slush
How do you like that? And of course there's not one of a.m. Station in the bunch. Oh, yeah, there's a radio Mamby excuse me no speaking English IE
WI would be with a three two in the morning dropping from a three nine
So they had a bad April
What about power for two down to a three one? Oh, but it gonna be a lot of long looks long faces in that building
We're Q. I.m. from a 2.1 from 20th, which was disgraceful to 2.8 times for 14th
Which is somewhat less disgraceful and what about raxi to two down to a two one they dropped a little bit
They dropped from 19 to a time for 20th. So we had a two eight. They had a two one across the street
What did I tell you Joel when you dropped off that bogus month?
9999
You sucked Joel. Okay, 6 to 10 a.m. This is a shocker to me amazing
It must be because the juice was on this morning even though these ratings were taken well before this morning
But nevertheless big number one of course Paul and old Ron. They do really well when Howard's on the satellite
They went from 5.8 and number two in the winter book to 6.0 in the February March April number one
Followed by radio on more hot 105 very ethnic a radio Mamby. Oh boy. See again
This includes all those old toads CMQ F.A. M.A.
Now let's see this is mornings
W.I. with D went from a three two to a three three
Waxi from a two eight down to a two seven and the morning on our station the Kimmy and Bo morning show from a one seven to a two five
So they only got it's done by two tenths of a point. Oh my god. Who wants Joe Rose anyway? We do
I'm sorry we do badly
So they went back up to a two five and one they must have a humongous. I can tell you what they had in
April you want to know please
I know we had a five something that's 10 to three so 10 to two we then we might have a six we did pretty good
Not great, but again, this is not our demo anyway. Let's see 60 to 10 a more. I said I had a two five
That's a 7.5 over three months. They had two things from a three two. They had a four three
whoa
Whoa
Hold on Nelly they had a four three in the morning in April
You believe it anyway six to 10 am I just gave you right midday 10 to three now
We didn't exactly kick-ass this is 18 plus of course because CMQ FAM is number one from a 7.9 up to an 8.1. They're still number one
18 plus radio mom B is number two 18 plus love 94 life big four O to a 4.6
I would be four five and QA and four one. That's 10 to three so we did probably about a who knows four five four six
We're right there with Paul an old run. You see that material works real well the first time and the second time when they recycle it
That's how good it is
Now what about Waxi? Maybe what about the
Loudmouth the Orchard Cross this week wins air America had a two five flat same as they had in the book and
Winter book
Waxi one seven down to a one six. There's still number 21. We're number seven. They're number 21
We had a four one they had a one six and between 10 and two we had a probably a close to a five
Many team plus that means been 25 54 we had probably a six up maybe more
See the way you rationalize these numbers you keep working them up working them up
And then you look cross street and keep knocking them down not too good said the kid with a big mouth
Three to seven in the afternoon big is still number one four eight up to a five two or actually they went from second up to number one
It must be because Paul an old run or running reruns
Radio on Moore's number two love 94's third C and Q radio mom B life and then QIM from 50th all the way up to seven from two eight up to a
Three seven which means you know what that means?
I don't see you on the first page. Oh not to handle a bastard. Oh, and he's not on the second page. Oh, no
Did I miss something here or what?
Holy moly rat man. We didn't drop that much wins
Air America from a two four up to a two seven. What about I would be isn't that what's his name? Schmidt Schmidt?
Schmidt yet Schmidt
Four three down to a three one. Oh wow. He must have had a disastrous April. He must have vanished from the dial
Ranxi from a three point. Oh to a two point five from 13th out of 19th looked like across the street
They took a little bit of a tumble there Jack and Jill went up the hill and Dan La Bastard fell in his ass. Wow
Now what do we have again? We had a three seven and he had a two point five that that wow
Again, this is just like one month you know the change but nevertheless it's fun to poke and poke holes in their story
They don't have any story they had January they had one bogus month and other right back where they were
At night seven a midnight are we even on the air? That's that's where they're gonna kick our ass
Let's see W.I.O.D. at 2.7. I'm already looking to stations that you know any of our audience might listen to wins
Skyrim America had a two two isn't that the goddess? I think so
Ratsy had a one seven and Q.A.M. at a one four all we went from a point eight to one four
That's cuz they include a month of Marlon baseball as opposed to that hockey and when we drop off those other two months of
Hockey and then we'll then we'll kick the rest of night to they got a one seven. Oh brother
Whoo they got some real tourists man. They got Joe Rosen. They got no other story all day long
That's the story the Joe Rose story and if he should buy chance, you know leave there and maybe even come over here
Although why would we want that now that the morning guys are really finally hit their stride?
Is that what you would say what would you say?
Huh?
Is what you say? Huh?
Well, they got a two five and then the month they had a four something and they had a four three working it
They're working it all right and if we have much more ojmick defy it'll be back to a point
You know zero points something six seventy nine on there is we desperately try to make a thousand
We want to Charlie B's worst ever pulls six eighty seven at this very moment
Oh
My coyotes
Crossed
As the minoteman
Were sure thing
Drought and guys in one car
Through the desert all night
To the protest we
March
But they just thought we were
And the farms were
Oh
The fruit waiting for us there
Give us
That's the right
And will they
Are fair share
Oh say does not understand the English you say
Hey
Give a break for him and me
Or we send
Another way
Yeah wave a kiss okay, this is bye bye.
I just said you back to Mexico to go make some more
And Chaladas
It's 10 thirty two at five sixty that was a terrible thing to say
But that's exactly the way I feel you know all these illegals is pouring across the border
Well you know the big business people need the cheap labor. Y'all that's what's all about
Has nothing to do with anybody's rights and has nothing to do with protecting anybody from terrorists or any of the other
I am so anyhow Josh Cortes has really taken the
Big time this week and it's only Thursday
Well, I mean if it was Friday you could probably handle it
But that only knows the kind of crap you're going to take between now and tomorrow. Oh no
The mysterious Charlie B. This is on a my space this morning. I couldn't believe it
Got his picture in a whole deal. He's 41 years old. He's just a guy. You know, he looks like he's a guy
He's not like that other guy the picture I sent you that
But anyway
Oh the mysterious Charlie B the pulled my unveils his mask. It says well
Neil I had an imagined I'd ever created my space account in fact
I resisted doing this. I just figured I'd never have time for it before you sure made time for it today
I sent a long email ripping Josh Cortes and ass maybe I can't wait to hear it rip you an ass
He says I'm forced to this last resort. It's the only way to contact you with your draft this week
Because I fear the polls I submitted to the show on Tuesday are lying in the bottom of some trash can thanks to your boy
Josh my boy
Well boy
Says I hope I'm wrong
I certainly don't want to accuse him of something he didn't do but I haven't heard you mentioned receiving him last two days
You want to you want to fill it in from there? I mean because I have sent you some polls now granted
I trash and they and they saw you as well. Yeah, like the one today
I mean Charlie listen. I don't want to sound ungrateful. You've sent a lot of polls many of them very good many of them
You know okay, and there's many of them just and it's not an easy job. That's why we like the assistance
Also, I got one here from the other pull guy Sean
Who's got a couple of really horrendous polls on here and
Rips you an ass also we'll get him in a while it'll take a while
He says here's how it how it works is this each week
I said all my polls to judges QME male address he then faxes them to you
This is proven quite convenient for me if sick when he's off on vacation
But I'm not gonna bother the man when he's on vacation
Oh, no by all means go ahead and start emailing in Georgia at the house
I'm sure he's all over that stuff not
So on those rare occasions I fetched him straight to the studio
Which is what I did first thing Tuesday morning around 5 30 when you asked Josh on air
He if he received a day that they replied oh yeah small bunch but they were crap so I tossed them you did say that
Yeah
My now here's the best part my stomach did a back flip when I heard that
I was pretty sure mine were among that bunch perhaps even a whole bunch were they the whole bunch? Oh, yeah, yeah
I just sent forward including a most timely one you hold on the QAM website pull
Which if you recall you and Josh had a live discussion about that on Monday um
And then that's a that's a timely one. It's a good one. No, no, there is no QAM pole
That's it's on a Marlin's page right there is no QAM website pull Charlie
I began to ruminate on the dark likelihood that he saw that one and sure didn't want you to see it because it folks fun
If the QAM pull for which he's responsible in which he admitted on Monday, he had only some 30 some
30 minutes on it now
I don't mind that some of my pulls get cut or trashed or can to while I hope most of mine will be winners
I can see the few might turn out to be duds
Oh, what do Charlie seem the light? Yeah
I do it for fun because I like to show I want to help to contribute it don't stop now Charlie
We appreciate it even though many of your pulls blow
It's no real pain in the ass for me to come up with these pull topics and their options
It's become a liberal's love since I sent my first one nearly two years ago. Wow two years ago
Holy moly rat man. Can you believe that? We got 717 on a pull. I think Chris gonna make his thousand today
You know, I was really worried. I told you that pull blows. I don't think it's that bad
It's awful are you crazy? Well now you're trying to make amends with Charlie because I have any
No, not meeting that's not at all um
You hate him? I just he's a cartoon character
I'm writing in Rippin, you and ask again too. Well, why is it that you you what you're one of those people that people either love you or they hate you
There's like me. There's no in between don't hate the great people don't hate the great
The great can I finish Charlie B's uh lengthy email and I wouldn't mind okay
Maybe I would mind some if all my polls got filed on the trash can I send them to George and for your consideration
You can use whatever you wish
But what I would hope and I have every confidence that George treats them this way is that they make their way to you
So that you are the ultimate one who gives a thumbs up for the thumbs down. I got news for if there's that bad that
You know even a child could even a dog could like you know look. I sent you some of them. What'd you think?
It goes on to say so what I did Wednesday morning was to refax them to the studio both mornings my machine confirmed they went through
So if you didn't get them well dumb dumb dumb it says well, let me I don't want to go to great lengths, but
I know that's what it says yeah, he wrote me the same thing like letting me you'll be the judge of uh if he says you may have a weasel
We must figure it out. Ha ha ha. We may have a weasel. We must figure it out meaning you weasel
If he left them please let me know one way or another if you didn't I can restant all please don't do that all my
Pull ideas are saying the computer please don't we send them Charlie please
And this is the one on a QM pole and by the ones I say this week were what mob movies your favorite other than the godfather
Yeah, that was okay. I got that one here and I added Miller's crossing it. Let's say. Yeah, that's not bad
Uh, be I mean
Beasley, Constellier, rejoice versus godfather, Constellier, time Hagen who would win? Yeah
That's awesome, isn't it I never got that one you can only imagine why I mean Charlie please
Pop a couple of pills, okay? Now I'm not gonna make any recommendations
I'm not a big pill guy, but just find a bottle with some pills in it and pop a couple it can only help
And the 51st state should be I've got that one here too, which he seems obsessed with that one
And the list he's got is Britain Canada the concrete public Cuba Guam Iraq Israel Mexico Porto Rico the Virgin Islands and Washington DC
Oh Charlie
He says it's I'm trying to get the hang of this my space thing. This may be a little bumpy for me
So bear with me for a bit
I'm gonna hit the send button. Hope this is on this way. Well, obviously it worked
You hit that send button and but a being like magic it shows up on my thing and on the computer too
I'll include here the URL for my page in case it's not automatically included with this message. Oh it is
It's nothing fancy. It's just a few picks. You'll probably be the first friend on it after Tom with his welcome message
His Charlie be well welcome to my space said Charlie be wow
Wow, we well wow very emotional. Yeah
He just needs to be a part of the show, I guess
He wants to what's wrong with that he contributes
Well every day for two years. Yeah, well, so what's wrong with that
Well, I'm getting paid to do this or I was I was getting paid to do you still haven't come up with any polls
Yeah, Sean our other poll maven
Yeah, you know the audience takes it for granted where you know you spent all that time with the polls
Pools aren't easy coming up with a different idea now the one about you know Obama and Hillary and all that
So that that's easy that kind of stuff is easy, but how many of those can you do you know
Paper or plastic or as our management spastic stuff like that and of course they're gonna be running around now beating themselves on the brisk
Look at that we're coming back. Oh, yeah, like that
You think they are? I don't know. I mean these trends were certainly an improvement. We're moving in a better direction
We've we've spent we've sent the flood of
blood
The flood of blood that's what we're drowning in
Anyway, we better do the break and then we can get into Sean's cracker and then we'll get to the show
Bob Barker taped his last show yesterday. It's gonna be on a week from tomorrow
The 15 he taped his last show. I'll be sure to have everybody you know new to do a new to the spade or like that
helps out the overpopulation problem
Don't you think that makes sense?
Dpg zero population grow there you go. I mean some of you people out there. I'll decide who can reproduce
Okay, some of the people can have like one or two kids after that whole bunch of you. Uh-uh
Especially if you're really like but always
Unpossed from the creators of dancing with the star
It's rehab with the stars
Story Lindsay Lohan
Lindsay reportedly is checking to rehab promises and now will be this morning where she might have a house account
Her children right this morning she was officially charged with drunk driving and Britney Spears
Shib Britney Spears checking to rehab. I can understand all these people thinking it's right
But for me it was to volunteer tonight one star is out the door
Lindsay was totally passed out
Rehab with the stars packed with more of the celebrity shame we need to make us feel better about ourselves
You're just checking to rehab then on exactly you know let me check her out
Tonight on Fox
1045 can't wait so anyway W.I.O.D. in mid-days had that went from a five two in the book down to a four five
They had a really bad April which is only wonderful because that's mostly rush that a four five
We had a four one that's again from ten to three so from ten to two probably about even Stephen
Between us in the i.o.D
Which we usually beat the pants off him
But then again we you know we've had some issues here
We've had some issues here at QM but we're bouncing back in spite of the odds
Okay, we're bouncing back like a rubber ball now. Here's what the shawnt has to say
I don't know if this is all that interesting to the audience about everybody ripping you an ass
But I think they enjoy that do you I don't know it's it's kind of fun with the controversy as opposed to kissing ass
You know okay, I mean kissy kissy is very boring to me. That's why we're the colors. Oh, I love your shell. Oh great
You know
Not that we don't appreciate that but Jesus God it's boring 746 votes for you there Chris and it's not even 11 o'clock yet
Yeah, we let's go
Here's what shawnt has to say sorry, but sometimes I'm a day or two behind with the near-rider show
But you must right now Josh no use straight in the mouth and stopping from looking Barry Bond's cup long enough to listen to reason
Oh gross even if you set aside that Barry Bond plays in ball parks with little league dimensions against mostly minor league
Pitcher hitting it. Can I finish this without you interrupting? Okay?
Hitting a juice ball while being juiceed himself think just of the wrong numbers
If Babe Ruth had the same number of basses bonds he would have had 820 home runs even more stickening
If he had the same number of basses Hank Aaron meaning the babe he'd have a thousand 51 home runs
If bonds had the same number of basses Babe Ruth he'd have only 650
Plus that kid on the hospital gurning a rack has a better arm than bonds
Remember in his last act for the Paris while the appenant was on the line
He couldn't shout sit bream at the plate who was slower than Java the Hut from short left field
Sid hadn't yet reached third base when bonds got the ball to throw bounce more times than one lyric Kings checks
And reach the plate halfway through the post game show now that's you got to admit that that's pretty creative
That was funny. That was good. I'll give it to throw bounce more times than one lyric Kings checks
If Babe Ruth had never picked up a bet in his life
He's still going to go into the hall of famous of pitcher. How many wins does very have as a pitch hug Jesus
The only how about Jesus how many wins is he got
Jesus saves and you know very
Dooses up the only thing that would make me more ill than that bloated sport narcissists are his apologies meaning you of course
So it takes a nice shot at you. Well, they're all just picking on your ass
It's a classic bond hater from any of the balls that up Sean
I you know everything that you say I agree with very bonds makes me vomit. He just makes me sick to my stomach
The number is tainted and the whole thing is it's a joke
So you know, that's why baseball's a joke. That's why I don't watch it the whole thing is a joke
Uh, and of course not to mention expansion this he mentioned that way you know talking about minor league pictures. It was just true
I'm sorry you got
When Babe Ruth was playing and Henry Aaron we didn't have all this rampant expansion
So we didn't have all these minor league pictures masquerading as major league pitches which most of them are not
But anyway
Look at John's pulls. What was your favorite job of overacting and he's got a very short list here
There's only he's only listening five
So I guess he's gonna leave it to me to do some research like
That he's that alpacino for heat
But oh my god. I never saw heat. Did you see heat? Yes, I did and he was overacting in that. No, I thought it was a good movie
I agree
But said of a woman. I mean
Erby two seconds. He's going
Like that talk about overacting was not a good movie. There was one really good scene in it
But other than that it sucked
Peter Finchian network was overacting. Oh
You're right about Sean man. He's history
Peter Finchian network and Gloria Swanson and Sunset Boulevard you don't understand Sean they were playing the role that they were hired to play
How could anybody say Peter Finch was overacting
God that just gives me spielkeys. I don't even know for sure if Sean was with that means
Well, he doesn't know a lot of things. Well, I mean
Geez and then the other pool he's got on here which again. I mean
I think Sean is intimidated by Charlie V because Charlie he pumps out quantity so much and Sean generally sends like one or two
You know
Although usually one or two pretty decent ones, but this the other one he sends what's your favorite non rock and roll song?
Oh, yeah
Oh, and he's got sing sing sing with a swing by Benny Goodman
Which I never heard of in my life take five by Dave Brubeck
I got to be me my 70 70 days junior and man of a constant sorrow by the Stanley Brothers
Which I never heard and never heard of and who the hell are the Stanley Brothers
I remember Alan Stanley for the Toronto Maple Leafs but other than that and Tim Horton and Carl Brewer and Bobby Vaughan
But what is that
Sean, I mean come on your favorite non rock and roll song any pop song would be like a non rock and roll song, right?
Uh, yeah right so like from the last 40 and these are the ones he comes up with. I mean
Man of a constant sorrow. Do you know that song by the Stanley Brothers? Who?
Exactly
Sean I think Sean and Charlie be are maybe that's why I dip into the same batch of crap whatever it is
They got the bad goods or the good beds or the bad runs
Loin kisses to the camera
Bob Barker signed off on 35 years on the prices right and 50 years wait a minute
Why hold on I never even got to you know vent a little bit on that. Oh go ahead. Okay. That eat
I got an email. We got a full four hours today
Damn it go ahead. I'm just uh, I have my reply to his uh his little email if you'd like
Take your time. I'm gonna go ahead and go ahead and drop this first of all
Very bonds plays in a park that is really extremely hard to hit home run
So I don't know where he came up with that
Seven MVPs he can't throw the ball. He's got eight gold gloves
He's the all-time leader or he will be the all-time leader in homers and he's got the single season
Single season all-time base percentage slugging by the way
All those if you know if Ken Griffey Jr. State healthy he would probably hit as many homeruns as Barry bonds
But he happened to get hurt so don't play ifs and baseball
By the way the the most remarkable thing is
bonds was doing this while walking
You know more than a hundred times in a season more than a guy like Babe Ruth did
So what's remarkable in what he's doing is he's doing it when they're not trying to pitch to him
The reason that Babe Ruth didn't walk that much you know who was batting behind him in lineup was Lou Geary
Well, that's tough. Why would you walk Babe Ruth to get to Lou Geary? I don't think so well
I just mentioned that in passing. You just mentioned that okay, but he's the career leader and walks supposed to know nothing about
He's a career leader and walks in the history of baseball by more people think of walk
Okay, then here's the stat. Okay, here's the stat that everybody rhymes with you
Here's the stat the one stat that makes Barry bonds the greatest player of all time you ready for this?
500 500 he's got 500 homers 500 solemn bases nobody has 300 300. Thank you
Deal is sealed go home. It sucks. That's it
500 563 that's the number on our pool. We don't care about Barry bonds numbers because you know it to taint
What it seems to be you know say taint?
Now can I get to this story about Bob Barker? I least do I've invented a little bit. I feel better. Thank you
I think America is loves Bob Barker more than they love Barry Bond. Oh, there's no quite even both their names
About you know both names start with B Bob Barker and Barry Bond see that BB is in BB brain
In fact, you know something well. I think a Barry bonds. You know what I think uh
Yeah, that's what I think I mean, you know, maybe I'm just a little tainted my little jaded
I don't know don't look at him for the kind of person he is he says I mean he's and how you do agrees in a hole
Oh, he's one of the worst people on the planet. First we know about Babe Ruth. He might have been a bad drunk. He was a drunk
Thank you for him man, I could play ball and fat as hell. He was a fat slug and good job
But he could really you know he could he could do it the babe
760s we both sent a full I mean arguing baseball from one generation to another you know from
The dead ball to the juiced ball all of it to the expansion. It's just ridiculous to stay and by the way
Since we're talking sports all of a sudden. What about those ducks?
What did I tell you? Six to two last night? They wouldn't standly cup. That's great
Wasn't that sweet robby need a mirror had a great goal wasn't it nice to see him drinking out of the sand to cup and hoisting it up there
And the team was salani who's one of the greatest players wherever laced up a pair of skates that was sweet and the spokesman man
He had a long push the spokesman after the game was over. He said suffer and shocker tash
I thought I thought putty cat or something like that Vm
choking gagging dogs the auto-a-centitors and
And you know the interesting thing is the papers here like before the series started oh gee
How come the leaf fans aren't jumping on the bandwagon for our Canadian team?
Because the leaf fans like everybody else hates Ottawa like poison
That's why including that damn little Daniel efforts and boy he he planted a hell of a game last time
He's a great player about a head and look for his there's another example
Great player in his sport, but just enough notches. Hey. Oh, oh, I hate him. Hey
I hate him more than very bonds you want to know why cuz I don't watch for your bonds because I don't watch baseball games
I see the models what a game last night. You know my response to that is good. Thank him is salami sandwich on the way out of town
Pack him a team of salami sandwich
Team was alone now do you know who that is? No, I mean I've heard the name you know because I've probably posted a few stories on him
But I don't post it if you walked by me if you walked by me. I wouldn't know who you would know him
All right number eight baby the great fin. Why's got a big salami?
Now
If I would have said that they would have said you fairly know, but you said it
Yeah, he's making sandwiches for the team to celebrate the Stanley Cup victory
See how I saved your answer all of that Paris Hilton reassigned the house arrest for 40 days
Yeah, she was in there a long time wasn't she yeah nice three days. I guess they ran out of champagne
bitch
See I don't you're getting the old whips of about stuff that I don't really care about it very bonds hits 4,000 home runs
You know what I don't care it's inconsequential to me. It's not gonna change my life. No, I mean
It's not it's not something that's important to me, you know
Just one of the few
Mickey male now that was different. He was important because he was a great player
And I was a kid back then. I loved baseball. I love the Yankees
And then I saw the era of my ways when CBS bought the team and they fired all the announcers
And they screwed up the whole franchise and now everybody hates the Yankees. I bet you're secretly even the Yankee fans hate them
And this season especially because they blow they're like Joyce and like very bonds they blow
1056 seems to be a lot of life going around these days, you know, and don't be talking about team moves salami again, please
In the cold air all this bands the desk of a little man
And he doesn't stand more than 543
He's got bad breath, B.O. and Big Can
He's the headman show for the whole company
Sometimes he takes his pants off when he's in a meeting
Always kidding all of the secretaries
It is the right best no idea you're cheating
He watches for online he just got so sweet
There have been so many times he could be in fire
Girls out and doesn't make volume get totally wired
We've never went to monster.com and got higher
And his butt keeps making him look like a squirrel
He says we know never we girl
If you say no he says it's your love
God I hate boy
He comes in home all the one day with magnitude
Girl stories about it weekend this of pain
He points to his five hearts and his extremely rude
And his eyes always look shut so we wear a shade
He drinks coffee by the gallon and he chains most
And he never seems to do any work at all
He sits on your desk and tells you all this dirty joke
Your fairy
And in his office closet he's got a block of
God I hate life or it's 1103 at 560 nobody if you have happy Thursday too
Things are looking up the numbers are bouncing back a little bit
Everybody's got a big smile under post
I had a winning day a woodbine yesterday and yada yada yada
And Josh is getting reply everybody and he's having a good time
And now let me ask you to do me a favor
Okay
Look on your on the thing where I send you the news stories
Okay, that's right
And see if there's a bunch of them that came through today because
Outlook expressed for some reason is acting up and doing some strange things
Maybe it's since I put that picture on there of the very fine looking young man
But anyway, that was just you know, it was just for fun
Oh yeah, I got I got some coming in
You got a much coming in
And you have one that called what surly and sadistic
From this working chip do you have that one
Because I'm getting a message that these aren't you don't have that
I don't
You don't have that
You sent me one actually three times
Which one was that
Cruises oiled again
And those came through
Wow that's because this thing is
It's acting up and what I'd say before the show
This morning
Stop sending me that damn image man, I got a three times
Send you what?
That damn image of that dude
The picture of that dude
Yeah that guy
Hey I'll tell you you could send me that picture all you want
But anyway don't know it don't be circulating that okay that's a
I don't know if that's actually
Oh I already
Already sent it to all my friends I mean what am I gonna do
Josh is circulating today everybody you know is what do you think of this guy yeah all the
A gig doesn't he have a great face
Yeah he does have a great face
The audience is probably wondering why would I send that to you I don't know why
I don't know we it was something to do before the show
800 one but I just wanted to see if you agreed with my taste and of course I don't really care what you do
It's like if you sent me a taste of some chick that you thought was really hot and I looked at it like
She's you know I know you have bad taste in women not because they don't have bad taste in women
What do you want me to remember when what's her name the what was the chicks name who is miss USA the chick who got in trouble with Donald Trump
You're like you're a tarot con. Oh, there you go tarot con is something special and you were sitting there
Oh, she I saw her or whatever they showed on TV. I can only gauge why on what they're showing
Maybe she got a huge but bazumbas whatever I don't know. She's got a shapely ass. I don't know
But I saw on TV she looked like a bow wow
800 two votes on the full what's the worst thing you've ever done at work that could be constant construed or
Misconstrued a sexual harassment
I guess once in a blue moon. I got to play that thing if I can find it
Think I'll find it. Oh, yeah here six you will razman
Arasman
Arasman like to meet anyway 802 told her dirty joke 171 like that right there dirty joke 171
Flirted with somebody 146 stalked someone 90 hugged or kissed a colleague 83
Well hugging a colleague isn't sexual harassment. Oh, well these days
Maybe your hands lost their while you're hurting George and I give a big hug
Yeah, even you and I may have I don't remember what I think we may have not just handchicks
Get out of here. Now see first you're talking about you're gonna send this guy's pictured everybody you know
Which sounds awfully gay to me and then I was joking man what yeah, yeah
But now you're saying it just hand shakes if you if I gave you a hug if I saw you would that be good?
No, no, I thought you said that the last time I would you we were down here you said I thought you were saying it we were down there
See now you're getting all flush dude last time I was down there
You were down here you said I thought you were saying that you gave me a hug. I said no just hand shakes
So I never gave you a hug never given me a hug well next time I'm down there if I say I'll never never gonna see again
Anyway, so what are you talking about see and you think that's good? I did I'm whatever I mean
I don't think there's anything yeah, but given a hug this somebody you like I don't think that's gay
The definition of overacting is dense. I'll watch in any movie says as well great. Okay. Don't don't even send those along to me because that pull isn't gonna go up
Hey listen if I don't send them you know
Now Sean isn't gonna get all of you judge if it's a try to get all band out of shape like Charlie B
Charlie be a little bit emotional and Charlie B. It's like a second hobby or a job or something for him
He like works fibersly at it
Where Sean once in a while when he gets inspired and these ones today was obviously not really inspired 808
Tell it let's see stock somebody 90 hug their kids to call a 84
Took it. I mean, and of course it all would depend on what kind of a kiss
I mean if I came down there and gave you a big kiss on the cheek. I mean or on the lips that would be you know
Yeah, not that wouldn't end up with
Took advantage of a coworker who was drunk at a company party 74 sounds like a real party to me
slapped or pinched someone's ass 71
Ask somebody out on a date 64 see that that would a slapping somebody on the ass. I mean, you know, is that the what is that
Pinching somebody's ass is one thing but slapping them on the ass as in good job Billy boy or good job Sally or you know like that
I don't know and it all depends on the way it's done and how long the finger lingery you know what I'm saying if your fingers lingers
Then this is not a good sign then it's harassment
As someone on an date 64
Spide on somebody in the bathroom 56. Oh geez. Spide on somebody in the bathroom
Well, what is that? I don't I don't get it are people getting like naked in the bathroom. I don't think so. Oh, yeah, it's a big party over here
Ah, that is much of a that is much of a party is it used to be when somebody was there
Wow
Talk about the if it matters it splatters anyway, spot on somebody in the bathroom 56 display to sexy counter 28
Warren seductive clothing 11 and wrote a love letter or a note nine
Like that
Okay, let's get off of that. It's a horrible poll, but we will make a thousand spider. Nice going Chris. Thank you
Now I'll speak out of numbers
You know when the last one the book came out and some loud mouth in the orca was on a year
I don't want to mention in a no-name suit Rosenberg steam crant shorts
Fine, but the fact that the matter is that he we got more listeners I got more listeners than a Rogers
They were doing that cum thing, you know, even though we had a force of them they had a two
Yeah, very funny. Let's take a look at the cum now in this trend now
Let's see where they've gone they've gone from in midday from 10 to three from a 48,600 cum down to 39,000
Drop like a rock. They lost almost 10,000 in cum
We went from 46,300 on the shoulder 53,000
So we went up almost 7,000 and let's see we got 53 and they got what 39,000 cum so we beat him by 14,000
I just mentioned and passing cum is still a number that most people pay attention to the fact is we got about a four or five
Shear and they got a what a two something to
Where is it
Can't even find them they're on the second page at no wait a minute
Well, they don't have a two anything they have a one six a one six
They have a one point six share in this guy way and they had a one seven in a book
And he this guy's talking big crap because they had a big cum that he inherited from Joe Rose. Oh my god a one six
I'd be on the first bus disconnected. Maybe if I was you
It's just uh my thinking you know
How do you like that?
And this is this has been the way it's gone over there across the streets and sets the station that these that our colleagues are neurotic about because it's the other sports station
Uh ever since they went on the air they had two months they had the month with the 18 to 34 males
Which I talked about yesterday, which was a totally bogus month about two and a half years ago
Whatever was and then they got this uh
January this this time was just dropped off bogus
See
Ratings are at about one month about one book ratings are what have you done over a period of time? That's what ratings are, you know
Anybody can have a bad month when nobody you know fills out the diaries and then your list is getting any diaries
Well, whatever people are pissed off actually because you know whatever because Josh is getting people upset
813 and a poll by the way don't piss off our audience now sorry
We're real happy to have you here this week. You always do a fine job. Although I think last time last time you did a better job
This time you just bitter last time was better this time it's bitter. I'm bitter. No, I just did joke. We see what I mean
They take a right as he defensive or what it's because it had very bonds crap the good shot is right
You are looking sniffing sniffing his
John and cup and all this other same thing
I just I just know baseball stats and that's how I realize it's the best player that's all don't get mad
Get even
Fox News channel issue the second on the uropogee yesterday from a stick and the running tip of a different
Congressman while reporting on the indictment of representative William Jefferson on bribery charges
He's the god of the cold hard cast that a 90 grand in his freezer
House judiciary committee chairman John come years of michigan whose picture aired while Fox anchors talk Monday about Jefferson's
Diamond have been unhappy while with Fox's apology Tuesday both congressmen are black. They don't look anything
They're all like each other. Oh, yeah, all those black people look like right sure
Conjures was reportedly upset that Fox's first apology was non-specific and didn't mention that he was the victim yesterday
Fox News anchor Martha McCallum explained to viewers that a production assistant picked up a tape
They've been identified as a meeting about Jefferson the picture showed conures
We regret this mistake McCallum said we enoma way meant to suggest there was any connection between the Jefferson
Diamond Congressman Conjures we've extended our apology probably the congressman we do so here as well
But a beat bit a boop bit about a conjure's folks will make a no comment about the second apology other than to say as far as Fox's
Concerned Hubsley and Dreary that's what I think they said
How do you like that John Conjures talking to you to Sean you go John and piece those bastards
now
Oh, and here's some good news a federal judge has rejected a church's attempt to dismiss the defamation lawsuit
Has been filed by the father of a fallen marine after crazy church members pick it at a son's funeral
U.S. District Judge Richard bed on Monday ruled against the church's contention that the court will be fourth to decide
Between different religious viewpoints as if
Albert Snyder of York, Pennsylvania suing the lunatic Reverend Fred Phelps and his Topeka Kansas-based church
After church members demonstrated the funeral of lines Corporal Matthew Snyder Westminster Merlin last year and posted pictures of the protest on their website
The church claims that the death of American servicemen and women in Iraq is God's punishment for this country's tolerance of homosexuality
These are certifiably
people
It's attorneys have argued that members have a first amendment right to express such opinion
Snyder suits in that such rights do not extend the funerals the latest motion to dismiss the case was filed by Rebecca Phelps
Phelps Davis and surely Phelps Europa two daughters of Fred Phelps found her the Westboro Baptist Church
Phelps had raised similar issues and earlier unsuccessful attempt at the case dismissed
The case goes to trial in U.S. District Court in Baltimore in October the church take Fred Phelps and all of his and put him in alkytrads
814 on our world famous fool will slide into a thousand really easy just like Gray Bond sludden into a third base
Mara guy
Real American a halls
We salute you Mr. Public Restroom toilet tissue dispensary filler guy
Mr. Public Restroom toilet tissue dispensary filler guy on the food chain of life you are an amoeba
Even the caught return guy and mock you as you head to the supply room to stock up
Well your peers acquired their job skills at the local community college
You learned everything you've ever needed to know in that rancid
Terlet at the corner gas station
When you take your work home with you it usually involves some sort of nasty rash
You don't get tipped but there's a certain satisfaction to coming to the rescue of an iBS sufferer
I'm taco day
So we salute you
Mr. Public Restroom toilet tissue dispensary filler guy your plunger your land yard and your calisines
You are a real American a hole
Absolutely 20 past 11. I was speaking a hole. Absolutely. Oh
800 and what?
824 on the floor. Oh, yeah, we we got it you're in
Cool
Now before we get to Bob Barker, but how long have I been trying to do that story by an hour?
Yeah, let's go
No, first we got to do Paris, Hilton. It's obligatory. Don't we she was released from an LA county jail early
Today or after serving only three days of her more than three weeks sentence
Providing probation and alcohol related reckless driving case
The 26-year-old obnoxious needle nose hotel arrest was sent home early and they fitted with an ankle bracelet
And must remain confined to her home for 40 days according to sheriff spokesman Steve Whitmore
Hilton trekton of the century regionally tension facility in suburban LA just after 11 30 p.m. Sunday to serve 23 days didn't last long
Wow, I'm trying to be strong right now. She told reporters when she checked in
I'm ready to face my sins even though this is a really hard time
I have my family my friends and my fans to support me and it's really helpful close those millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars
Hilton was housed in the special needs unit of a 13-year-old jail separate from most of its 20 200 inmates
The unit contain now you get no stories by the way take a look at your things. Yeah, I am multiple times. Please stop that
Well, that's not my doing that's because it keeps looking like it's not going through on your I don't know what it's all about
More issues. I think it's because I put that picture up on her. You think that's it? Yeah
The unit contains 12 to person sales reserve for police officers public officials
Celebrities other high profile in March. He didn't have a cellmate. Oh, thank god for wherever might have been a cellmate
Thank the Lord for them after she checked in Sunday with more said her demeanor was helpful
She was focused. She was cooperative and now she's out
She's using this time to reflect on her life to see what she can do to make the world a better and hopefully
uh
To change a better place and it changed the attitudes that exist about her among many people
Oh, brother
She's out
Sheriff's officials that said she would serve about 23 days and uh of her 45-day sentence behind bars, but uh uh
Didn't happen
Didn't happen because she's got lots of money honey. That's what's all about. She's got lots of money
That's the American justice system for you baby. If you got lots of money
We got lots of money. Can you imagine how many millions Bob Barker's got
Enough. Well, yeah, probably enough till he croaks which probably won't get a nose in line with our poll today
Because he's grow up the few at work. Are you picking on Bob Barker now on Barker's beauties?
If you were in his position and you had the opportunity a the fight was right man
I think Bob Barker music. What does that mean? I don't even know what that means
This is I with the students that for the game show host Bob Barker says he is going to retire from the prices right Bob
You've had a terrific career. I don't know if everybody knows but your favorite part of the show was having sex
With different members of the audience right and what was your best pickup line? Let's try it in the car
Pretty lame line, but hey your Bob Barker
So where else did you get freaky geeky with the audience the love seat the sofa and the jeep you go Bob
Are you well in doubt look down here please? Oh, and it's a pleasure to show you this
Holy kill bossa feast your eyes on that
I'll pass on that now this pull from Cheryl and what is it with the polls now everybody?
I guess we got them all whipped up because Charlie be in the Sean or the poll experts
Why did you share a lot of polls and are huh? No, Cheryl has never said a lot of polls
It she may have sent one before or two
She says in light of Paris, Selton getting out of jail. How about this for pull?
Which one of these people really deserves the lengthy prison sentence then they got her scooter Libby
W. Cheney Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez, etc
She says part me if this has been done. No, it hasn't been on Cheryl
I do think it's going to be any contest on there
No, it's going to be close. No
Any poll like that they put bush or and or Cheney on I mean, you know why even bother but thanks anyway Cheryl
Blowing kisses to the camera Bob Barker sited off on 35 years of the prices right and 50 years in daytime TV
And the same low key genial fashion that made him on a date to you time TV's biggest stars as a matter of fact if I punched up
CBS right now, which I will guess what's on now taped many days ago no doubt
Million
When you know they're in commercial I get back to it
Don't let me figure you old host entering the studio to a standing ovation from enduring public in a giant shower of colorful confetti from his colleagues
Just like we had with parents when he came in with the numbers. It was that good clearance
The program is scheduled we're a week from tomorrow like I said June 15
This is over the top amazing. It's like a piece of Americana said Terry Baldwin 55 of Pebble Beach, California
Who had camped overnight to ensure she got a seat in the audience fetch us another player. Please proud to Bob. It's gonna be Patrick Shane
Mark the one on to conduct a show like every other one presenting over his final showcase showdown and during breaks for commercials answering questions from the audience
Oh, G.s
Golf clubs someone asked will I spend my mornings watching the prices right and a few words as possible?
No, he quit then he acknowledged curiosity might get the better of
Barker said before the show is looking forward to retirement, but edit
I know I'll miss the show terribly and miss the people of the show terribly just like I'll say the day that I do my last show
Will I say that no? I know that I'll have periods after I'm once returned when I think boy
I wish I was going over there to do the prices right come on Bob come on
3,095 off two guys got a couple of young
I'm telling you this on a tree actually one start to click the big one of these guys all do them
Well, I'm watching one dollar one dollar a day
Oh
Well I said dumb guys what do you guys know about prices? I beg your pardon what you saying
Uh, nothing that I'm watching it. Oh
Oh marker said before the show is looking forward to retirement, but uh he began his national TV career in 56 is host of truth or consequences
First appeared on CBS and the prices right September 4th
1972 has been the face of the show ever since
1972 boys and girls that's already had a lot before many of you were born
Including you guys
Yes, 35 years. He's played the same game for contestants and filmed from the same spot studio 33 aka the Bob Barker Studio at CBS television city
The only thing that's changed on the prices right is the color my hair
He said only he's wrong about that because the uh the announcer's on the prices right to change too
We started with the Johnny Olson. He's dead and we went to Rod Roddy big fat Rod Roddy with his pink suits
He's dead. Oh and now I couldn't tell you who the guy is now. I didn't know that. I thought Rod Roddy still good at
Rod Roddy is dead real dead. He used to go to a
Bangkok all the time to buy those silk suits and some other things
You know what people go to Thailand for well, we don't want to get into that suck it in and hold it
Child
The
Gulp
Take care
They care more about America, I don't care.
And getting smooth with my best my okay.
Don't go to get this more perfect.
I like it, see you guys next time.
Go, go, go, like you, why do you think so?
I like it, I like it, I like it.
Love the $33.27, $65.60 WQAM, we got $8.48 in the pool.
We'll get to $1,000, no pressure, I don't think, right?
Everything's calm, cool, I'm a control.
Yeah, we noticed they got another checkup on the panel.
Are you watching the prices, right?
No, I can't see dumb guys, she won the thing and she's up there going for a car now.
She gave Bob a big hug and boy he got the, he was smiling from ear to ear.
The last number, $8.481, $5.30.
That's a big $5.30, Bob is like every shot and that price.
Right, right, right, right, right, right.
Yeah, we should.
She has a price of $15,995, is she a winner?
No.
Now I'm going to keep the status of Jeff.
If there are some numbers right, you'll get another chance.
Are there any numbers that are right?
Oh, yes, the one.
There you go, let's carry the prices right.
See if they wanted to hear the prices right, they'd be watching on their TV.
Although maybe they're a car driving right now.
It could be one of their last opportunities to hear the elucid sounds of Barker while they still elucid.
Barker was influenced to the show as prices over the years had long-term produced and robbed your dog quits.
Because he's a vegetarian and we respect his wishes, we don't advertise meat products on the show we said.
At Barker's request they also stopped giving way for codes, remember that?
No.
His long reign is also inspired fan traditions.
Most female contestants, even some men, kiss him on the cheek.
Oh, even some men?
Yeah.
Oh boy, I never seen that of you.
Only in Borat.
No, no, seriously, I'm talking about on the prices right.
Have you ever seen a guy, contestant, kiss, Bob on the cheek?
That would be really cheeky.
Members of the military, whether uniforms, colored students, were the university sweatshirts,
and groups of fans come and match and customate t-shirts.
And that chick right there, she's dressed like a slob,
but she's got nice boobs and everybody's saying,
I like that, you know.
I'm sorry, the one that was just on there?
Yeah, she had good boobs, but nasty.
She was a bit of a host beast if you ask me.
Yeah, that's what I just say.
I didn't say she was hot.
Listen, if you don't think I know a hot chick when I see one man, you are crazy.
There's something wrong with your brain.
I'm just trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
I'm trying to find the truth.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
Here's the next item up for this.
I'm going to read the...
I'll do it later on.
I'm too embarrassed, aren't you?
I don't want to get Charlie B.
I don't want to get Charlie B.
I'm going to get even for the horrible things he wrote about you.
I'm kind of embarrassed to be associated with this poll.
I'm kind of embarrassed to be associated with this poll.
Can you get the old poll?
Can you get the old poll?
Full type sync.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Well, I won't say this.
There was no panties.
We went up a little bit there at night.
Thank God.
When your number starts with a...
Oh!
Wow.
That was the book where we had at 11 o'clock in the night.
Oh!
Oh!
You...
Now, either one of you...
Can you even fathom what that means?
No.
I don't have enough.
Yeah, let's forget about that.
Okay, it was just one of those things.
It was a blip on the radar screen.
Former Miami School Principal charged with failing to be
forward sex crimes.
A former high school principal was charged with misconduct.
Yesterday by a grand jury that claimed he failed to be
poured on campus sex crimes to protect a star running back
who eventually led his team to a state title.
Give me the ball.
Ah!
Dwight Bernard, the former head of Northwestern High School,
turned himself in after the indictment was released.
He was booked in the Dave County jail.
Officials say he was posting 10 grand bond
and would be released last night.
Maybe he was.
Maybe he's out there right now.
Charger stepped from an incident last September,
which Antoine Easterling...
Then an 18-year-old senior football player
from Northwestern allegedly had sex with a 14-year-old
freshman on the floor in a school bathroom.
It was described as consensual, but because the student's
age is, it's considered a crime under state law.
He was 18.
She was 14.
On the flow in the toilet.
The indictment claims Bernard was altered, alerted,
or be considered by the school employees about a month later,
told it needed to be reported.
It was not.
Easterling was committed to play football
at Southern Miss with never disciplined by the school district.
He was arrested and charged with ludon-losibious
battery, but entered a pretrial program
that will wipe his record clean.
The grand jury report claims Bernard didn't report the incident.
Another one related to one because he feared it would negatively impact
the top-ranked football team.
Well, what's more important, boys and girls?
Let's get our priorities straightened out.
Right, especially here, I'm QAM.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball.
Win the game.
That's what's important.
Get your priorities in your ducks in a row.
They all hope that it would go away and allow for the glory of football
to trump the needs and safety of a little girl.
The report said Michelle Delansey, the attorney representing Bernard,
said she was disappointed by the charges.
It's very unfortunate that Dr. Bernard is the convenient scapegoat
of a failed system of accountability within the day-county public school
she's had in a written statement.
He's an administrator of the highest professional standards
and we're confident that the legal process will substantiate his innocence.
He was removed from the principal's job in March.
All told the reports that 21 school employees were aware of the bathroom
trist.
Maybe Chevy Checker was in there doing the trist.
Or maybe Chevy's checkers.
According to the grand jury,
a school police only became aware of after the girls' mother encountered an officer
in December at Duncan Donuts.
Shocking.
I didn't make that up.
That's a part of this.
Oh my god.
And counted a police officer with Duncan Donuts.
What is it with Cops and Donuts?
What is that all about?
Oh, it's something to do some place to go.
But what's that all about?
They got nothing going on.
So, you know,
hit the donut shop, I guess.
I don't know.
8.62 out of pull.
I'll give you the result.
As much as my better judgment tells me, don't do it.
Don't do it.
So, let me take a look at those numbers again before I give you the numbers from the pool.
They're much more interesting.
No speak any English, IE.
That's all I can tell you.
No habla, English in Florida.
CMQ FM overall.
Oh no, that's mid days.
Number one.
By a mile.
A radio mum B.
Is number two.
No speak any English.
You see that?
What I'd say about the old men.
Followed by gloves 94 and life.
And big.
Big.
Now, do this include any of Paul, uh, Paul and old Ron?
Uh, I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, when did they start doing that 14 hour a day?
I don't think it was, huh?
In 8.62, I guess.
Was it?
Yeah.
Probably about a half ago, maybe.
Yeah, I don't think that's included in here.
But we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
Because then Paulie will be on here.
Oh, look at that.
We're kicking the O'Rodgers out.
Yeah, right.
I'll match paychecks with the effects.
So, I'll tell you that right now, sweetheart.
We'll match paychecks.
That's all I really counts in life, you know?
As far as your job is concerned.
I mean, it's nice to be successful.
In this business, it's nice to put up some big numbers.
But the numbers you really care about are the ones on your bank account.
Am I right?
Yes.
When you can go to Woodbuyman and pull out a,
put out a roll of hundreds, the size of Mount Vesuvius,
then you know you've got a few bucks behind you.
So, you really got Pete Rose on the, uh, in the track?
No.
No, I don't, I don't, I don't, to flash my money around.
Only fools do that.
Only people with big numbers like Pete Rose, who's an idiot, a real A-hole.
Yes, he, Pete, you're an A-hole man, you're an idiot.
Sits down at the table there at the track and stacks up
a bunch of hundred dollar bills on the table.
So, everybody can see it.
Oh, there's Pete Rose with some fluszy broad,
and with a bunch of hundreds in on the table.
Don't worry, they'll be gone pretty soon, and they always are.
They're always gone real fast.
She may be stacked, but the table ain't.
864 H.
And the funny part of it is I, one at a pompin' argue,
he asked me a certain race that I gave him a $22 horse that won, he didn't bet it.
See, there's some people that want to lose.
You know I mean by that?
Not consciously probably, but subconsciously they want to lose.
There's nothing worse than a real low grade schmendrick with a gambling problem.
Now me, I'm a high grade schmendrick, and I don't have a gambling.
Now you would say I have a gambling problem.
Yeah, to some point?
No, I don't.
I have no problem.
The problem is I have people like you saying out of go every day.
Listen, yeah, actually I don't think I have a gambling problem.
I think you need to get one.
Yeah, I need to get more, all right, but it's the guy I don't do with gambling.
871 votes, the worst thing you've ever done at work that could be construed or misconstrued
a sexual harassment.
Told a dirty joke, 191 flirted with somebody 165, stalked someone 192.
Hugged your kids to colleague, 90, took advantage of a coworker who was drunk at a company party, 88.
See, that couldn't be me because I'd ever go to company parties, even when I was there.
One time I went to a Christmas party at IOD, and Bob Green put together, oh boy.
Did you ever, did you ever judge everybody about that?
I don't think so, maybe.
At the Ku Klux Klan Ranch in Davy.
Oh, actually, yes he did.
It was freezing, the food was brutal and everybody, and certain people were fighting with other people's wives,
and it was just a nasty scene.
It was pathetic, after he had triple K Ranch in Davy.
Stacked through Prince Somebody's ass 74 at work, not a good idea, unless they got a really nice ass,
unless they're cooperative, unless they've peached back.
Ask somebody out on a date, 67.
Spied on somebody in the bathroom, 57.
See, I know that I understand what that means.
I mean, can a guy actually go into the ladies' tea room and spy on what's going on there at work?
Glory hole, man.
QAM, glory hole.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh no.
You're looking for glory hole.
Yeah.
You tell them now.
QAM, glory hole.
Oh, that's perfect.
Probably at the QAM locker room no doubt.
I can just see the guys out there with the pneumatic drills drilling the QAM glory holes.
Oh god.
Spied on somebody in the bathroom, 57.
Now maybe that means if there's like two-year-old side by each, like taking a peek.
Would that be spying on somebody in the bathroom?
Taking a look.
I would guess maybe.
Well, I'll tell you.
To me, there was a guy the other day, it would be.
They have like four-year-old side by each.
I always look straight ahead of the wall, man.
Sometimes I look down at the fixture to the name that they...
I don't know what the name is.
Roach or something on the plumbing.
But you look straight ahead.
But this other guy was looking and checking this other guy out.
And I thought, oh god, how tacky.
We're going to have a braw right here or something worse.
Yeah.
I thought maybe they'd come to blows.
Displayed a sexy calendar, 28,
Warren's seductive clothing, 11, or wrote a love letter or a note.
10.
Wrote a love letter or a note to somebody at work.
Kissy, kissy, kissy.
Mmm.
See, thank God we never had any of that going on a QAM.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, just remember, if the fish is rotten at the head,
it's rotten all the way to the tail.
And we could tell some real interesting tales,
but probably better not.
Am I right?
Go ahead, man.
You go for it.
Next time when your show is on, you and Chris.
Oh, yeah.
Like tomorrow when I decided to call in sick,
which I won't, but I mean, wouldn't that be something?
And what would happen when Georgia's on vacation,
if I called in sick?
At that my responsibility, that would be the PD.
Oh, Lawrence could go on here.
You know, this morning he was groping all around.
I'm not talking about himself, although I think he was doing that too.
But he was groping all around for the buttons to find drop-ins.
You know, like...
Bought third, man.
Yeah, like that.
And then something about the...
Eight look.
That stuff like that.
And I told him you're just a frustrated,
the one to be talk-cog-guy.
And of course, he probably would want to go on here and talk about stuff other than sports.
Even though it pretends to be this sports junkie, and all this other crap.
I don't think you know the one thing I...
I was a joke.
The one thing I noticed about the morning show that they did get rid of.
They got rid of that square table.
And that seemed to have improved tremendously.
Okay, once they inked a table out of the room there,
or do you think maybe it was a...
I don't know.
What?
Hey, listen, we can only kiss the ground
because that's certainly provided for a more substantial lead-in.
You see what I'm saying?
Through that.
That's right.
Let me put these six at 560WQM.
What do we got today?
Did I give the schedule today?
I don't think I did.
I'm...
Oh, I will see why.
The only two to four.
The power hour with the Humper at the four.
And then the Humper solo from a five to seven
because he's at the ESPN zone in New York for the Belmont.
Tomorrow Dave Johnson will be calling it.
Dolphins all access seven to nine.
Nighttime game that with a K-9 to one A.M.
It's really interesting the way that the whole thing with Eddie evolved, you know.
Looks to me like he's on more than he was before.
Yeah, he is.
Good.
Nice going Eddie.
You go, man.
I'll get rid of that highlight crap.
That was a shame.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls
while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-H1 hour beeping.
Hey.
Yeah, yeah!
What's up, y'all?
It's your boy, D. Mike.
You see how you even saw us with like hooks and concepts, right?
Boop, beat that man up, try that go flat.
It's about the wrong things.
Check this out, y'all.
Ah.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a month.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a month.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L-J.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L-J.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L-J.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L-J.
Hey, sports day.
Not a magazine.
Who woulda booked me?
Who woulda booked me?
Yeah, sports day.
Who woulda booked me?
Not a magazine.
Who woulda booked me?
Who woulda booked me?
Yeah, sports day.
I-N-P-O-L-J.
What a fugitive art can a proffets.
I-E-A-O-L-J.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mom.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mom reading moon.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a mom reading moon.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L-J.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L-J.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L J.
I-E-A-D-N-P-O-L-J.
Raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise
your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids
We are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a race, we are a
race, we are a race, we're a race, we are a jump walk pat I take him up to his rhythm and then he
is written, the 2.2 million said Jennifer Pagona spoke to him for the one high commissioner
for a few years.
A further 2 million have been driven from their homes but remain within the country, increasingly
in impoverished shanty towns.
Pagona said UNHCR is receiving disturbing reports of regional authorities doing the
plan to provide displaced people with food, shelter, other basic services, things like
turlid paper, stuff like that.
Individual governor rates inside Iraq are becoming overwhelmed by the need of the display
she told reporters in Geneva.
More than half of Iraq's 18 governor rates are preventing displaced people from entering
their territories, either by stopping them at checkpoints or by refusing to register them
for food aid and other basic services.
Almost half of all displaced people have no access to official food distribution programs.
Most of those operated from their homes come from Baghdad at surrounding districts.
More than 85% of Iraqis displaced within the country have moved to central and southern
region.
Some mess, it's the nightmare.
And there's your president.
Now British Prime Minister, who's glad on your plane time.
I acknowledge the reporters, they're still in his words, an immense amount of political
detail that needs to be worked out in the years ahead.
Yeah, no kidding.
Tony Blair.
Just a matter of days, first Bob Barker, and then after that a few days, it's Tony Blair.
In fact, maybe the day before Bob Barker's last show at Arizona TV is in June 14 or something,
Tony Blair is making his big exit.
And maybe he'll actually meet and greet with the Queen, although he certainly won't touch
the Queen.
Tony Blair just wouldn't be seen as manly if he touched the Queen, would he?
Well, what do you think that's all about?
It's improper etiquette to touch the Queen.
In other words, her stuff don't stink.
Well, you're a Queen's death.
What?
I said, you're a Queen, tell us.
What's it all about?
I'm a Queen.
What kind of a comment was that?
No wonder Charlie B and Anne Sean hate you like poison and Brandon, who's obviously busy
working there.
He'd be ripping your ass.
Wow, you're lucky that he's tied up.
Okay, yeah, I know you wish.
800-89 votes.
Well, you're creeping toward the thousand, but I'm going to tell you, this is one of those
polls that's so bad that if we get to a thousand, it'll be, you know, unrockly.
It'll be absolutely...
Thank you, Abe.
About two.
Three scientific teams published separate studies yesterday showing that embryonic stem
cells can be made by reprogramming some of the genes and adult skin cells without having
to create an embryo, at least in mice.
Pretty exciting, huh?
You mean some skin, man?
Separately a fourth scientific paper showed that newly fertilized eggs could be used instead
of unfertilized eggs produced cloned mice.
If this technique were extended to humans, it might open up a new source of stem cells
for therapeutic cloning research frozen early-stage human embryos, which are much more plentiful
than human eggs.
The animal research carried out in the US and Japan and published in the journal Nature
will occur to opponents of human embryo experiments, but the scientist involved in the study said
it was too far too early to tell whether the same procedures would work with adult human
cells, let alone whether it be safe to use clinically to treat disease.
These results are preliminary and proof of principle said Rudolph Janissich, a member
of the Whitehead Institute Professor of Biology at MIT.
Human embryonic stem cells remain the gold standard.
It's a necessity to continue studying embryonic stem cells through traditional means.
President Bush, as we all know, sadly, banned federal funding of human embryo research
in 2001 in his appeal of all those right-wing gaskies and has since vetoed by partisan
legislations and would have eased restrictions on the study.
That is still fears among scientists that the US will fall behind in stem cell research
and trend as already taking place in field-such as technology and engineering.
Several states such as California, New York, and New Jersey have begun funding such experiments
themselves and in addition privately funded research on embryonic stem cells is underway
at many institutions.
Scientists said that these breakthroughs could move this research forward substantially
by attracting greater numbers of scientists to the field as well as increasing private
investment.
There are still a ways to go, but at first, the results are very encouraging and certainly
a boost for the stem cell research business said Terry DeVitt, director of the University
of Wisconsin's stem cell research program, but we still have a bottleneck in the federal
government, where hand-strung because the research is inadequately funded, he'd be saying.
Several candidates for president, both Republican and Democrat have gone on record as supporting
human embryo research, which Mr. DeVitt says in the case of the fund, he could increase
substantially during the next administration.
Right now we're stuck, he said.
We're stuck.
Just like in Iraq.
We're stuck.
Stem cell research.
What is it?
Research.
We're stuck.
In other words, a stuck can't get off.
That's it.
894 on the foil.
You might make 900 by the end of the sharp.
Boy, you are really creeping along Chris.
He didn't get to 1000.
I mean, that would be, that would get, that don't wear.
Travesty.
Tragedy.
I mean, even yesterday with that horrible, uh, Marlon game of 1230, we still managed to get,
what do we get?
Something.
Something.
Didn't we get over 1200?
Yes, we did.
We got over 1200 by before 1230 yesterday.
Holy cow, man, that is really impressive.
That was a great poll yesterday.
Sherwood Ross, remember I talked about our friend Sherwood Ross, that wanted me to put some
boring guests in here.
I mean, he emailed me this story this morning, but then I found it was already on Spurkin
Chimp, uh, this morning, which is fine.
Thanks, Sherwood.
No problem.
I mean, I can't interrupt the ESPN radio.
Come on here at 330 and a morning, say, Sherwood Ross just emailed me this very important
story.
It is important, though.
Bush running kidnapping ring 39 more disappeared found.
Is the headline.
Let's face it, Sherwood says we've got a present in the White House is running international
kidnapping ring.
Six human rights groups today, meaning yesterday, named for the first time 39 more kidnapped
victims, they call them disappeared, of the Bush administration.
Not only have Mr. Bush's apparatus dumped the terrorist suspect in secret prisons, but
they abducted some of their wives and children too.
The sons of others, nine left in mastermind, Khalid, chief Muhammad, eight, seven and nine
were kidnapped and tossed into an adult detention center for months while US agents questioned
children about their fathers wear a boat.
And when it ends, the National Off-Manded Cal Fand Galani was seized in Gujarat, Pakistan
in July 2004.
His wife was kidnapped within shades of Joe Stalin, notorious for abducting Soviet defectors
in their foreign sanctuaries.
The duty of governments to protect people from acts of terrorism is not in question,
but seizing men with an even children and placing people in secret locations deprived
of the most basic safeguards for any detained.
He's most definitely is said Claudio Cordone, spokesperson for Amnesty International,
more of the HRG involved in the revelations.
As Meg Satterweit, of the Center for Human Rights and Global Justice at the NY School of
Law, since the end of Latin America's dirty wars, the world has rejected the use of
disappearances as a fundamental violation of international law.
Despite this universal condemnation, our research shows that the US has tried to vanish
both the people on this list and the rule of law, and forced disappearances are illegal
regardless of who carries them out.
CIA spokesman Paul Gimogiano dismissed the HRG, reporting told Rod as the CIA acts
in strict accordance with the American law, and that its countertair initiatives are subject
to careful review and oversight.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Operating secret prisons turns the kidnapped victims into ghost prisons, kept off the
books.
It prevents scrutiny by the public in the courts and leaves detainees vulnerable to abuses
that include torture and other ill treatment the HRG said.
It also blocks the Red Cross from exercising its right of visitation.
In the past, the CIA has denied the international Red Cross visitation to its prisons in Kabul,
Afghanistan, that is hardly in accordance with the American law as international treaties
the US has signed obligated Red Cross visits to prisoners.
And of course, none of the 39 disappeared have been brought to public trial, still are
right under US law.
They don't like you?
They just make you disappear.
If you think it's ugly stuff for the White House to jail, children keep in mind that
the US detains 800 Pakistani boys between 13 and 15, some of whom the Red Cross charges
have been tortured.
By the estimate of human rights first, HRF is of April 2005, at least 108 innocents
while they were never tried, foreign detainees perished in US custody.
Nice.
Kidnapping by the CIA, which the Bush-Chainy regime is converting in a way Soviet cell
KGB, got its start under Bill Clinton who signed off on the first extraordinary rendition
in 96.
The invasion of the body snatchers, though made the jump into light speed on the Mr.
Bush, right now Italy has worn out for the rest of 22 CIA agents who four years ago
abducted Milano resident, cleric Hassan Osama Nasser and filmed the Egypt to be tortured.
HRG says the distributed victims identified were snatched in Iraq, Iran, Pakistan, Somalia,
and Sudan.
Although Mr. Bush, Fibs we don't torture, they've been verified reports to the country,
especially relating to the kidnapped victims.
Time-lating to the US code makes it a crime for an American to commit torture outside
of the US.
The offense is punishable by fines and prison terms above to 20 years, and if death results
that kill us maybe jail for life or executed.
Thank you, Osher, it is more to it, but it will be on our website.
It will probably be on our website about 40-50 times tomorrow, the way that outlook expresses
the work.
So you knew we're defending it, or is it all the best one?
It isn't like a brain fart, it's having issues.
This coming from the guy who can't even send an attachment.
Are you questioning my...
It might be your fault.
I see.
What do you mean by that?
Meaning you couldn't send an attachment.
So, God knows.
You got the picture, didn't you?
I did, yeah.
About 45-900 times.
Well, during the break, let me send it a few more times.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
Yeah, the school today, I never got laid.
The school's just don't make sense.
Sorry to say, I didn't learn a lot of things.
Cause I was so wasted, I tried to party and get high.
Text me to some girls who showed their thighs.
Wanna get laid?
I must get laid.
Gonna drown my pain in the booze.
Well, I'm trying to get myself next down the road.
It's all over.
I'm trying to get myself next down.
I'm not so bad.
The party is not as much as I'm down.
But, all of us are killing me.
I need to score my points.
No, it's all over.
Yeah, what kind of a guy goes all the way through his school and never gets laid?
Gay, or maybe very ugly, or, you know, both of these things.
908 on the pool, you're creeping toward the thousand.
I think, yeah, we're fairly safe.
It's only 1219.
There's Harry Reid on CNN.
He's still boring.
908, you got 92 to go and you got an hour and 41 minutes to do it.
Boy, if you can't do that, you really have fallen.
We can have fallen.
Boy, look at those numbers across his free.
And what did I say?
Do I know my crap or what?
What did I tell you about when January, when we dropped off that really bad month, and
by the way, February was no great chase either.
The next trend could be pretty damn hunky-dory.
I hope.
But when we dropped that off, and they dropped off their bogus January across the street,
didn't I tell you?
They'd be right back to where they were.
They'd be faux.
Sucking wind.
Sucking behind.
However, that expression goes.
How does that go?
Don't finish it.
You know what I'm saying, don't you?
Yeah.
They suck.
They blow.
Kind of like Joyce.
And when I think, actually, if we could play that like one time, you know, just one time,
the whole thing.
Five sounds anymore.
We'd probably get up to an eight-year again, but that's not going to happen because they
don't want us to play anything to entertaining or to amusing.
We want you to get a seven-year-old and just don't say anything controversial, Neil.
Okay, Jono, problem, whatever you say.
You silly person, you.
You tub of garbage.
BuzzFlaash Editorial.
There's been a bit of commentary on the net about a statement by the chairman of the
Arkansas Republican Party in which he calls for terrorist attacks on the US to prove
that Bush's anti-terrorism policies are necessary.
Okay, you don't believe us.
You think that this is BuzzFlaash hyperbole?
Here's the money quotation right here.
At the end of the day, I believe fully the president is doing the right thing.
I think we all need some attacks on American soil like we had a 9-11.
And the Mace Airs will come around very quickly to appreciate not only the commitment for
President Bush, but the sacrifice that's been made by a man and woman to protect this
country, Milligan said.
Yes, Dennis Milligan, the head of the Arkansas GOP, said this just a few days ago, posted
in a June theoretical in the Arkansas Democrat Gazette.
Now this is a monstrously barbaric and treasonous statement.
It's hard to even begin to rack one's mind around how it wishes Americans more terrorist
attacks to prove that Bush is right in setting Americans to die and paying hundreds of
billions of dollars of taxpayer dollars to war-profit tears.
To repeat, Milligan is wishing more Americans to die from terrorism on our home soil in order
to prove that Bush is doing the right thing to prevent such attacks from occurring.
OK, lift up your jaw.
Now, here's our point.
Beyond how Milligan represents the traitorous extremes that Republicans will go to and make
them excuses for failed policies, have you heard one word of denunciation or alarm from
the right-wing media echo chamber about the traitor in their midst?
We haven't, not a peep.
A state Republican party chairman calls for terrorist attacks on the U.S. and the GOP
media-media phones, including Fox Republican propaganda news and Heedness Drug User
Rex Limbaugh are attacking Janet Woods' haircut, but now one of their own who wishes
Osama accomplishes more missions.
Nice haircut, Sean.
Mr. Milligan represents the danger to our national security as do many Republicans because
he prefers to prove his parties leader is right at the cost of American lives at home.
These people are enemies within our midst whose minds and loyalities to an authoritarian
hierarchy of incompetence is more important to them than loyalty to our safety in our constitution.
Yet, the right-wing media cares little about such tortured, psychotic and perilous thinking
from a state Republican party chairman.
They're too busy revving up their character assassination machine against Democratic candidates
for president.
If ever they were proof that the Republican media's shields care little for American
its future, other than ensuring their personal profit and purchase power, the fact that Mr.
Milligan is still chairman of the Arkansas Republican Party is proof of it.
Think of what would have transpired of a Democratic state party chairman that said this, it
would have been a national median Republican talking point up or for days.
But most importantly, remember this point, this is for real, this is how Republicans think.
They wish this harmonies to prove that they are right in pursuing their policies.
They've lost all sense of real concern for our safety and our threat to our well-being.
That's what BuzzFlaas be saying.
How do you like that?
Let's have some more terrorist attacks and a whole bunch more dead people so we can push
the doon the right thing.
Of course, that's Arkansas, you know.
Not a good old boy is an Arkansas.
Not a good boy is all over America, man.
That's why I'm so glad I don't spend too much time.
Too many good old boys, good old boys with guns, crazy people with guns, angry people with guns.
Not 150 votes on the poll.
I just keep mentioning that now speaking of polls, we've talked a lot about polls today
which I apologize for, we shouldn't have only you wanted to pick on Charlie B.
Now listen, he's the one, and you know something he never even applied again, he never
assigned me nothing more.
Because he's wrong.
Well, no, I mean, he is wrong about that.
I mean, if the polls are really embarrassing, what's the point of ways to my facts paper?
You know, I understand what he's saying that I should make the decision.
But then when he lists, well, what was that one about who would win the debate between
who?
What was that?
Listen, once I read them, they went right to the camp.
I still have it here.
Joyce, Beasley Constellery Joyce versus Godfather Constellery Tom Hagen, who would win.
I mean, what is that?
It's a very strange individual that made a poll.
Wow.
And even Sonny won't be able to call up Luca Brasi.
Yeah.
Well, something to worry about Luca.
Yeah, you know about Luca.
Luca Brasi's sweet, sweet, with the fishes.
I can't believe the George thought that that was a Tessio.
Boy, that was embarrassing.
That's probably why George needs that weak vacation this week.
He'll out that brain, George.
Of course, he's had a lot of stress.
You do know that.
So here's Charlie B.
And I went through my prouder.
I just threw out a lot of garbage.
Like this one.
Do you vote on the QM website poll?
Do you see?
Actually, you did send it to me.
You could have schmick canned this one too.
And Charlie, he did send that one.
Even though it would be embarrassing, assuming he didn't have a poll, they could vote on
them they don't.
It's not like Josh is picking and choosing because he's trying to say, listen, he works
if QA, I'm just like the rest of us.
OK.
So he's not immune to embarrassment.
Am I right?
You are correct, sir.
Absolutely correct.
I'm not correct.
Sure.
Here's the one I was thinking of.
Maybe for tomorrow, what do you think?
Matching the face to the voice.
The first time I saw what Neil looked like, blank.
He looked better than what I imagined.
He looked worse than what I imagined.
He looked just how I imagined he would.
I laughed.
I was horrified.
I was smitten.
I was pleasantly impressed.
I was mesmerized.
I was disappointed.
Or I still have no clue what it looks like.
Of course, the only problem with that last one is how could they have no clue what I
looks like when the poll is on our website.
And I'm all over there, including that very nasty looking picture where I'm like orange
next to a pink Brady Quinn, orange and pink.
Man, that picture do stink.
All of it's kind of cute.
Nice going, Miguel.
Got a lot of comment on that, the profile picture.
I think about a change of profile picture like every five minutes.
Some people do that.
Yeah, they do.
Last night my friend, the Z-Man was changing them.
Some people change their underwear.
Like some people send polls every day for like two years to a...
Are you picking on Charlie Began?
I just finally ironed it all out for you.
Sorry, I'll stop.
Just like I straightened out Johnny G who was bugging the crap on me day after day.
Oh, he stopped.
He stopped.
He hasn't deleted him, sovereign, anything drastic like that.
A child is like he did that one time, but he stopped because he can't handle my ripping
them on the ear.
Look, it's one thing to be a fan.
It's another thing to be like such a groupie that you're like just over the top like you're
screaming from the bottom of your up bowl.
I have no life.
Right.
And everybody knows that anyway.
Love you Johnny G. Just stayed up all the way.
Yeah, and see if I miss him now, you know he's going to put something on there.
Am I right?
I don't know.
Well, let's hope not.
Let's hope he took the cure.
Let's hope he's still out there, of course, which you can be sure of that.
Nine twenty three hundred pull is Chris Lymphson.
And it's not Chris's fault either.
Don't be blaming him.
Yeah, exactly.
In fact, I guarantee you, Josh will tell you whose fault it is that his pull has gone
over so weak today.
Josh's.
Josh will tell you.
Oh, that was one of the two.
See, I don't know who they are.
Charlie Began.
First talk radio I've heard in my life with on W.O.D.
Absolutely.
Here.
If you're a DJ who's also Caucasian, don't even mention the blacks or the Asians.
Athletic women with short curly hair.
These are the things you can say on the air.
Homeless men talking about things quite disgusting.
VFCC through your door will be fusting.
Vitaly functions.
Don't even go there.
These are the things you can say on the air.
When our show up, then comes to protest.
Troubles on the way.
Apologize for all the things that you said.
And update your resume.
Yeah, VFC Al Shrockton, color man, rod for the heels.
It's a 12.30 to 5.60 WQM.
I'm thinking of another pool for the month so this stupid ass won about whatever it was.
What was it?
I was about how I looked.
Who cares about that?
See that?
That again goes back to Charlie Began's obsession with...
If Neil was with the right hand, with me, yeah, he's obsessed.
And I don't think those pools most of them are not all that interesting.
Some of them are okay, but most of them are pretty...
Boring.
I was thinking one that we've done before, but it's been a long time.
Which group of people, and of course it's generalizing, but we like to generalize.
That's fun.
That's called picking on people.
Which group of people are the most thin-skinned?
Okay.
That's not bad.
You like that?
Yeah.
And you can put like, you know, Jews and Cubans and African-Americans and Haitians, Jamaicans, who else?
Asians.
Do you want me to say it?
Yeah.
Who else who might we even out?
athletes.
Okay.
Like Barry Barnes.
I don't want to go back to that again.
You like him, you're entitled like him.
Okay, that's your opinion, you're entitled to it, you're wrong, but you're entitled to it.
Look, there's nobody going to ever argue you out of Barry Barnes.
Okay, that's like a life obsession.
I would say next year Russian girlfriend, if you had a pick, you know, and of course your mother and your family.
But other than that, if you had a pick the most important person in the world of you, it would be Barry Barnes.
I'm glad you think Chris, you agree with that?
Oh yeah, exactly.
That's what it sounds like.
Yeah.
He's got a man crush on him.
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
That sounds a little bit gay.
Although he does want to sniff his jaw strap, I know that.
If you had a chance to have lunch with Barry Barnes, would you do it?
No.
You would not have lunch with Barry Barnes?
So you could say, oh God, you're so good, you're great.
See, here's your problem.
I can't separate the professional from the person, is that what you're going to tell me?
I don't care about the person.
Like the person.
The person.
I don't care about that.
Why not?
I had dinner with Ray Whitney and so on.
That kind of person.
People like it's Star Struck.
It's not me.
I had to be Whitney and his wife too.
I was with Chris one night and four of the other day.
We had a great time.
I love Ruth Christian.
And I love Ray Whitney, so I love with Chris too.
So there you go.
It was a good time.
And then Bridget, his wife, loves me even more than he does.
The worst, one of the worst things that ever happened in my life, was when Fat Josh Friedman
went following Ray Whitney around at the arena.
Oh, can we play that bit?
What bit is that?
Oh, come on.
The Josh Friedman bit?
Oh, that's the best.
Oh, my favorite bit of all time.
Man, don't you ever take a bad...
What, what are you doing now?
Hey, wait, wait, where are you going?
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
sort of like that.
I would have I'd show this guy.
but everything was just too difficult.
It was too always sideways.
And he's covered with glory.
And mama's happy.
And mama said he's okay.
He's got to get some young people.
He's losing her love.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
There's stables of that doubting, just to hold in all that greasy old food.
Stay with me!
Johnny Freeman!
I think I'm here at Christmas, I don't like me.
I think he does.
Don't go to bed!
Johnny Freeman!
Come here, come here!
It's no making it so it's so like some diffuser.
I'm going to call you a asshole.
Oh!
Well, we had to use that yellow button there right there.
Oh, Christ, why didn't you remind me of that?
That's a shock.
That also chopped off the part about the scrotum juice.
That's bad.
You don't want to chop that off.
Anyway, not 141 votes on the poll.
We'll get to a thousand.
There's your shot at Johnny Freeman, deservedly.
So he goes up to Ray Whitney in the locker room after the game one night
with a tape recorder, cassette recorder,
and he's bugging him about, well, Neil Rogers is this, and the Ray
of Christ is the RAND in the other direction.
And so, Johnny Freeman tries to spread around the radio station that Ray Whitney ran off
because Josh wanted to do a promo for me or something to do with me.
Well, when we got back to Ray about that, he had rumored,
give him his, my phone number, called me at home to apologize.
Well, he didn't know me any apology, but to explain it, you know,
that this big tub of crap was chasing him around and had nothing to do with me.
It was strictly Josh Freeman.
That was embarrassing.
But then in anything you would have to do with Josh Freeman would be embarrassing.
And he's over there across the street now, right?
Isn't he over there? Yes, he is.
Oh, God.
We got Allison.
We got Toast, which, of course, well, that speaks for itself.
You're like a son.
And like it because she just walked in.
Allison, we love Allison.
Yes.
She walked in the studio just for like one second.
Oh, that's because she was going to say we love her.
And we do.
I never met her, but she's very, everybody has nice things to say about her.
Yes, she's very nice.
She likes the show.
She listens to the show.
She has some clue what's going on.
She hates jokes like poison, and she knows that you guys across the street are a bunch of
fakers, that's what she said, including Joel Feinberg, especially Joel Feinberg,
and that pays the ass to God.
But when Asher took a big dive in his friend up to him just one month, God only knows what's going to happen in the next one.
And then of course, with no dolphins to fall back on.
And that Jimmy Cifilis, though we got him now over here too.
And of course we got O.J. McDuffie, who was on this morning, and probably on again tomorrow morning with Kimba Bullcamper.
Wow.
Hey, listen, they just had a nice trend there, okay?
And when they lose that point nine from February, they're going to like maybe have a real number there in the next trend.
When they lose that zero point nine, that must have been just a statistical fluke.
Or maybe people were just pissed off about that square table.
And gay or not gay.
And maybe they're really a turn out all these sports writers now.
Maybe that's what's good in that number way up, you think?
No.
Don't you think?
No, I try not to.
President Bush's job approval now matching its all-time low with widespread discontent over how he's handling the word Iraq.
If efforts against terrorism and domestic issues, this pulled just in from the APF source of research.
Only 32% said they were satisfied with how Bush is handling his job.
The same low point the measure hit last January, 32%.
I mean, 68% fat.
On issue after issue, approval of Bush's efforts matched previous lows,
underscoring the challenges Republican presidential congressional candidates will confront next year when they face the voters.
28% were satisfied with his handling of the war in Iraq, meaning 72% were not.
Only a third approved of how Bush is handling domestic issues like health care,
with the same proportion of expressing satisfaction with the job-unformed policy, a third, and a warrant error, a third.
Another 37% said they approved his handling on the economy.
In another indication of the public's bleak mood, only 21% said they believed things in the West are heading in the right direction.
The worst mark since the APF source pulled began in December 2003.
The worst 21%
The poll interviewed telephone interviews with the 1000 randomly chosen adults from June 4th to 6th.
But pissed off, they're fired off, they're tired of this crap. Let's have the election tomorrow.
What your kids to grow up, they can start like major leaguers, and send them to the Barry Bonds, Antibolic Youth Facebook app.
Alright kids, wriggle with both hands, line up your knuckles, and squeeze firm.
Now, take that lotion that's squirted out the bottle and rub it into your biceps.
Is this unscreeness your mind?
I refuse to answer on the grounds that I may incriminate myself.
At the Barry Bonds, Antibolic Youth Facebook app, they'll also learn valuable life lessons.
Remember kids, if you make a mistake in Facebook, it is not your fault.
Then whose fault isn't Mr. Bonds?
It's the media's fault.
Yay!
Barry Bonds will change your child so dramatically, you won't even recognize it.
Yeah!
We're the people who've done your father have!
Are you ready?
Make your little slugger the next big thing.
Call the Barry Bonds Antibolic Youth Facebook app today for more information.
But you don't ask too many questions, you got that?
Oh, sorry Josh, I just rubbed salt in the womb.
I just thought of another group of people for the Apollo for the Martin Skin.
Okay, are...
American Indian.
Yes.
Would you agree with that?
Uh-huh.
I mean, even forgetting about locally stuff and about Mepho and all that.
Just think about the Tomahawk crap and about the, you know, the braves with the chop
and all that on the FSU, all that other stuff, you know.
Washington Redskins, all these things.
Give a sense of humor already.
Okay, I mean, what is with you people?
You know, Bose and Arrow didn't work too effectively against those guns, you know,
against some rifles and stuff.
955 of...
I know I'm going to get crap for that too.
Oh, now you're picking on the Indians yet, well, you know, first of all,
putting some real slot machines for a change.
See, here's what I don't understand.
I could be wrong about this, but I do believe that Florida law allows them to put in
whatever is legal under the Constitution.
No.
And so, what?
Is that true?
I believe so.
Well, I don't understand why they don't do that then.
Yeah, why don't they just go ahead and put it in the right way?
That can't be right.
Well, that's what I always thought.
I said I could be wrong, say.
I'm not something that comes on like adamant, like I'm always right, like George, you know.
Hard-ass.
I'm wrong a lot of times.
Just like that picture that I sent you 400 times, you know.
And by the way, Eric, there's nothing wrong with that look of express.
It was my bad.
I screwed it up and I've got it all straightened up.
And that picture didn't have something to do with it.
Do not be taking something from my space and sending me to Outlooker's Press
and then touching it around and sending it up.
Because then it gets all bald up there, you know.
Bad.
At least the way I did it, it screwed it all up.
Now it's all straightened up.
Just calm down, Eric.
He gave me a email on Outlooker's Press.
Let's run without looking at his Press.
Whoa!
Like that, you know.
He should probably help me.
He is trying to be helpful.
That's right.
He's a good guy.
He's trying to be helpful.
He's also a panic man, you know.
Panic like me.
It's all been out of shape.
Psychotic.
I said no problem.
It was my bad.
It's all straightened out.
Everything is just fine.
Oh, here's a email on my blackberry.
And my poisonberry from TomPain.com.
Christian Write Hate Crime Lies.
How do you like that?
Well, good.
Maybe I'll look that up.
Maybe I'll set it to Outlooker's Press.
We get apologized for Josh only putting two stories up last night on our website.
That's okay.
Chris only sent them to.
I thought I sent you a bunch more.
I'm positive I sent you a bunch more.
They just maybe didn't go through.
Maybe it was a technical thing.
Going to Woodbine again today?
If you want.
Call that driver.
Get out of here.
Are you crazy?
Why are you trying to do this?
You know what this reminds me of?
What's that?
My mother.
It's the same thing.
I've got two people now.
In fact, I've got several people now who are like pulling with one hand and pushing with
the other.
Like my mother.
Oh, you're so fat.
Here's that.
Are you going to eat?
You know, pushing the food with one hand and pulling it back with it.
Oh, you're so fat.
Lose some weight.
Like Al Gore that's on TV right now looks like 800 pounds.
Like a giant in the political business.
And you're doing the same thing.
Yesterday when I said I might buy more.
I changed my stance on it because of-
You changed your stance now that I won 1300 bucks.
I see.
Yeah, that too.
But, you know, if you're there all day, you know, you won't want to send a lot of stories
when you get back.
Oh, and that's what it's all about.
I see.
In other words, you might have another easy network with just a couple of stories.
Wait till over the weekend though.
Although I will be going Saturday, I think.
I don't want to get back into that regular schedule.
You want to know why?
Because after I come back from vacation, then I've got Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday,
Sunday.
I've got five days a week that I could actually go there.
If I was that crazy.
Do what you got to do with me.
So the Z-Man, Zisco on our MySpace.
He's the one that's been really lecturing me heavy duty about losing the weight and
quote with the ice cream and stuff, you know, giving-
And all of that, well-intentioned.
Now, all of a sudden, the last couple of days, he's emailing me about this new cold-stone
creamery, Boston cream pie flavor or something like that.
And about how he had enough yesterday to sink a battleship and I had to cut the crap.
I should cut the crap, but he's the one that's telling me about it.
And how, thank God we don't have that here.
Cold stone creamy.
I'd be a dead man.
Yeah.
And so now he's telling me about the other- how orgasmic the other flavors are and about
all this great stuff they got.
But you cut it out fat, so, you know, it's not good for you.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander, okay?
So my fingers extended in the ear, take a gander with that.
This is what I say to that.
And then you're doing the same thing with the gambling now.
You really think I would go to wood by an every day?
Do you think that we get a little bit old after a while?
Only you could answer that.
Yeah.
I'm not talking about the winning or losing part.
I'm just talking about taking up all the time part.
I mean, if that- I could honestly say-
I have no life.
If I went there every day, or like, you were like four or five times a week.
I'd have to be a crazy person.
I'd have to go out and buy me a piece.
Oh, you can't just go out and buy a piece here like in the good old USA.
And now they're starting to get really peeled about guns and stuff.
Not that they weren't before, but they're getting even more peeled.
You want to know where most of the guns here are coming in from?
The USA, Cleveland, Detroit, all of these places.
961 in the pool.
Dark Thompson's pissed off and fired up as usual.
He's always got a good column.
Man, if he would write ten columns a day, I would just read those and go home.
Curses forl again, he writes.
I'm capitolhillblue.com, dark Thompson.
He says like so many of the dubious claims of four terrorist plots.
Last week's announcement that the Bush administration's Keystone cops
Department of Homeland Security had uncovered and blocked the plan to blow up New York's JFA airport,
reaked to high heaven.
According to the same federal guardians of national security who played six-year-old kids
and confirmed grandmothers on airlines no fly lists, while waving a TV-infected
traveler through customs with no questions during an international alert.
A group of evil men with all the elective of five-year-old planned to blow up the airport
by setting fire to a fuel depot several miles away.
The plan, if you can call this comedy of errors a plan, was that the firewood spread
to the airport and destroy it.
Of course, this plan depended on the ability of slow-burning kerosene to explode,
something it does not do, and a number of other impossible actions that violate the laws of gravity and physics.
An announcement of the plot came as the Bush administration came off a particularly bad month
in the failed Iraq war, and just as democratic candidates for president head into another debate.
It might have worked had not everyone with an ounce of common sense from local beat cops to be able to terrorist
vice-versa, been willing to explain how the plan wouldn't work as laid out by the FBI and other linings
ready to run off cliffs for the Bush administration.
Revelations of the plot that wasn't also came as a military judge was set to rule,
that Bush's use of cobbled together military tribunals to detain terrorism suspects
without the usual protection of the Constitution failed not only to smell tests but the rule of law.
Every time Bush suffers a setback on his loophole-filled war on terrorism,
his minions come up with claims of a foiled plot.
He suffers a lot of setbacks, so he had a lot of breathless claims.
Like the recent announcement of a forewrap plot by other terrorists,
who the administration would like us to believe, planted rest up as pizza delivery men to sneak into four dicks,
kill as many American soldiers as they could, and then escape in their pizza truck.
According to the laughable premise of this plot, this handful of gun-wielding terrorists were not on a suicide mission,
but thought they could roar into a military base filled with soldiers trained to fight, shoot it out with them and then escape unharmed.
The laughs you hear come from security professionals who wonder just when Bush and the Department of Homeland Security
hired the writers from Saturday Night Live to devise phony terrorist scenarios.
These latest claims of four plot show the frantic desperation that drives the Bush White House
and its complete utter loss of touch with reality.
In Bush's fantasy world terrorists are akin to the villains of a vaudeville skit, threatening to tie a young Neil a knell to the railroad not kneel.
Young knell to the railroad track unless they get the deed of the ranch until a cardboard cowboy president rides in to save the day and Osama slinks back into his cave to twirl his mustache and utter curses foiled again.
But before we buy into this vaudeville act, we should remember that the word foiled is a derivative of foiled,
which the dictionary defines as to obscure or confuse a perfect definition of the goal of the administration of George W. Bush.
Rights to the always pissed off and fired up and honest and right on target, Doug Thompson.
They'll get him one of these days, I'm sure I'm sorry to say that, but I think it'll happen.
They'll find the cave that he's hiding in the woods and they'll get his ass.
And then we won't have any more Doug Thompson commissary. And that would be bad.
960, what do you got? 965?
Not exactly a 967. Well, let me just tell you this.
I don't know what's going to happen during the summertime because George doesn't really care about the pool.
So he's not going to be making a big fuss about, oh, do you mean he can get a thousand?
And my right Chris, he isn't care.
No, he don't care at all.
Does he make a big fuss out of it when I'm not on him? Of course not.
Like, I'm a moral day. What do you get like 300 and some votes? 321?
Some of them.
But it's a holiday and that's my point is we get deeper and deeper into the dog days of summer.
There ain't going to be nobody around, you know.
So just covering yourselves according, mean consider that.
Take that into consideration when you're sitting there battling for like 500 votes on the pool.
It doesn't mean that nobody is listening, but it just means there's nobody around, which means that nobody's listening.
Why'd you like that? You know.
It's a seasonal town, man. It's a horse and buggy joint.
Four or five million people in South Florida, it's still seasonal.
Oh, it's not the season now. We have to close this down and close that down.
And wait till maybe somebody comes back, used to be after Thanksgiving.
Now maybe around Christmas time. Maybe around Chanooka time.
And then as soon as Easter and Pace Off come around and it gets to be 98 degrees in the shade,
bye-bye, we'll see you. See you in the fall. See you in the winter time.
See you in the first snowfalls up north and all stuff like that.
Three said.
Wouldn't you agree? Yes, you would.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you would because you want to take check next month. I know that.
And Charlie B. If Charlie B were smart, he'd say, you better stop picking on me or I'm, you know, Neil's going to come y'all for that.
But I'm not.
I know. I'm not going to, I mean, you know, I appreciate Charlie B's polls. The ones that are good. But, you know, what, what was the last one of those?
I listen very quickly. I like to shape my legs, arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
Class of 2007.
In a few moments, you will collect your degrees.
You will leave this campus with a priceless lesson about the importance of the English language.
And as you go forth, I ask you to lead lives of crime and drugs.
And if you do, you find benefits, you'll never imagine it.
We see it in the historic new commitments our nation has made to alleviate purpose and character.
So I asked the class of 2007 to plant these ideals in American soil and lead lives of crime and drugs.
If you do, you will lead Richard Lange.
And you'll never be disappointed.
Like the congratulations to you all class of 2007.
And cost of hoist to you. It's a lot of what at 560 WQM. Happy Thursday at Seattle, Seattle, Hunyo.
Well, it's moving right along.
Before you know it, that summer schedule hasn't even started yet.
But it'll be over like just like that. Two shakes of a hamstail will be over.
And then I got to wait nine months for it to happen again.
976 votes on this very marginal poll and Chris is sitting back fat and sassy.
Of course, he's always sitting back fat and sassy.
Because you know that you're going to get your thousand nine eighty now. See that? You're only twenty away.
Like falling off a log.
And if you fell off a log, man, there'd be reverberations all over the universe.
President Bush's nominee for Surgeon General Kentucky cardiologist Dr. James Holsinger
has come under fire from gay rights groups voting to expel the lesbian pastor from the United Methodist Church
and writing in 1991 that gay sex is unnatural and unhealthy.
Also, Holsinger has found a methodous congregation of the current gay rights activists
believes homosexuality is a matter of choice and can be cured to the dinner.
He has a pretty clear bias against gay and lesbian said Christina Kilger, director of the Kentucky Fairness Alliance of Gay Rights Group,
this ideology flies in the face of current scientific medical studies that makes me uneasy that he rejects science and promotes ideology, she said.
Holsinger 68 is declined all interview requests. I can't imagine why.
He's the nominee by Bush for Surgeon General.
Blair Jones, a White House spokesman said in telephone interview yesterday that Holsinger has spread his career in public service and taken care of others.
On numerous occasions Dr. Holsinger has taken up the banner for underrepresented populations and will continue to be a strong advocate for these groups in all Americans, Jones said.
You should live so long. Holsinger has served as Kentucky's health secretary and chancellor of the University of Kentucky's Medical Center.
He taught at several medical schools and spent more than three decades in the Army Reserve, recovering in 93 as a major general.
His supporters including fellow doctors, faculty members and state officials said he would never let his theological views affect his medical ones.
Jim is able as most of us are medicine to separate feelings that we have from our responsibility and taking care of patients said Douglas Scucksfield, a professor of public health at University of Kentucky.
In announcing Holsinger was his choice from Erkis Top Doctor May 24, Bush said the positional focus on educating the public about childhood obesity.
The previous Surgeon General was Dr. Richard Carmona, whose term was allowed to expire last summer, Carmona issued an unprecedented report condemning Second-Anne Smoke.
Holsinger received his bachelor's degree from University of Kentucky, and mentioned a degree from one of who cares about that.
Scucksfield said he has advocated a spandid stem cell research and opposition to many conservatives also has shown political courage in this tobacco producing state by supporting higher cigarette taxes to curb teen smoking.
Governor Ernie Fletcher committed Holsinger for working to fight obesity and other health problems in this Appalachian state which ranks near the bottom of many categories.
He helped to get the ball rolling and focus on healthy lifestyles. Fletcher said.
Now his mother would see me mother Fletcher, I guess so.
As president of the Methodist Church's National Judicial Council, Holsinger voted last year to support a pastor who blocked the gay man from joining the congregation.
In 2004, he voted to expel lesbian from the clergy. The majority of the panel voted to keep the lesbian associate pastor in place, setting questions about whether she had openly declared her homosexuality but Holsinger descended.
Sixteen years ago, he wrote a paper for the church in which he likened the reproductive organs to male and female pipe fittings and argue that homosexuality is therefore unbiologically unnatural.
He likened the reproductive organs to male and female pipe fittings.
When the complementary of the second, when the complementar, the activity of the sexist has breached, injuries and diseases may occur, he wrote, citing studies showing higher rates of sexually transmitted diseases among gay men and the risk of injuries from anal sex.
Holsinger wrote the paper at a time when the church was one of numerous denominations considering a more open stance and allowing practicing homosexuals to join.
It took that step in 1992 saying, gays are of sacred worth who should be welcomed.
Self-abiding, practicing homosexuals are still permitted from serving the clergy. If they're practicing, I thought practice made perfect.
I've been practicing for a long time. Not perfect, but I'm trying.
Gilgur, the gay rights activist, called the paper one twisted piece of work. Holly Babin spoke to him for the Department of Health and Human Services and said, Holsinger's writings reflected scientific data from the 1980s.
It should be noted that in 1991 homosexuals were banned from the military and several years before that homosexuality and Haitian nationality were considered a risk factor for HIV AIDS Babin said to stand in.
Over the last 20 years, a clearer understanding of these issues has been achieved, a query understanding.
Any new compilation of scientific information on health issues facing homosexual populations would have a substantially different focus.
As for the congregational, Ziggur helped establish Hope Springs Community Church, the Reverend David Callahul and told the Lexington Leader Harold last week that Lexington Church helped some gay members walk out of that lifestyle.
I'm walking out of it, baby. I'm going to get off this chair. I'm walking out of it right now. I'm going to go find me a woman. Walk it out. I ride.
Walk out of that lifestyle. It's Jesus God Almighty, the flat earth crowd, Zion America, baby.
But that's his choice and of course it kind of fits right in.
My Palestinian, my Lebanese lesbianese cab driver asked me yesterday on a way to a wood buy.
He says Bush has got another year to go. I said another year and a half. Anyway, I didn't go Oye because I don't think a Lebanese go Oye very much.
Kind of like a lesbianese Oye.
As an O my goodness.
1984, on your pole there, Chris, your inch and toward a thousand. Once we get to a thousand, I'm out of here.
Okay, you think? No. Why not?
Worked good yesterday with that ballgame. Can we make up a ballgame? We seem to be really big on playing Play by Play from the past.
Your station for Play by Play and then we have to hear Zagaki puking and...
And spaszing out. Well, what's that all about?
I got spasced at this morning when I heard Kimba and OJ McDuffigan in the morning show.
Just when they finally were making some progress too. See what I mean by sabotage?
Now that they finally had a really solid month in the month of whatever it was April.
Wax solid. Now, Fattas Johnny Joe probably want to put tapes of OJ McDuffigan in the morning instead.
He's got to be a savature, doesn't he? Fattas Johnny Joe, he has got...
Oh, that's where I can't say that because anyone will take you to lunch again.
Well, he's your buddy. He's an Ojo provocateur.
What's wrong with him? He's got to be a set up man for the other guys.
I think maybe during this segment, when I hit a thousand, I can stop mentioning that I'm not that stupid as Paul.
Is that annoying the fact that I dwell on that? Now, Chris doesn't think so because it's like an ego trip.
Oh, yeah, exactly. Is it? No. Or do I dwell on that too much? It's all good.
What is Josh Stink who isn't involved in that? You don't care.
Yeah. Josh doesn't care as long as I just keep sending like two or three stories for the...
You just wait till the nightmare and you're going to be...
You're going to have stories that haven't been written about events that haven't happened yet.
And it's sent to me four times a piece, right?
Well, I can't help that. I screwed the thing up, okay? And it all had to do with that stupid matter.
If I get a story twice, it gets deleted. So we'll see how many.
Look at that. Yeah. Listen to this. Mr. Butch, Mr. Macho, land down the law.
Just kidding. But of course, that also precludes the possibility of that check from that...
That's why I said I'm just kidding. Oh, yeah.
We've had three dropouts streaming today, by the way.
Just mention that we apologize profusely. Nothing we can do about it, but we're okay.
I probably shouldn't give myself a canary because we haven't had a lot of dropouts lately. Have we, Chris? No.
No, we haven't. Well, good. Maybe the engineers have looked everything low and quit potting around.
Reporter arrested after Republican debate. What a surprise. Not...
A reporter advancing 911 conspiracy theory,
and a heated exchange with advisors to Rudy Giuliani, was arrested following two tonight's Republican debate.
Police in Goss town, New Hampshire, confirmed to Ross Story that freelance reporter Matt LaPaczek was arrested for a Zettelopecseg.
I don't know what his name is. Matt was arrested for trespassing following the debate at St. Ansem College in Goss town.
LaPaczek was asking a Giuliani advisor about comments the former mayor made on ABC News on September 11th
that some say, show he had four knowledge that the World Trade Center would collapse.
Police refused to release more information about LaPaczek's case prior to his first scheduled court appearance on the 3rd of July.
LaPaczek was reporting for info wars.com, which advances theories about the government knowing advance about the terrorist attacks of 9-11.
LaPaczek claims to have pressed credentials issued by CNN, which sponsored Tuesday's debate.
A CNN representative in charge of issuing credentials did not immediately return a phone call or email from our StorySeeking comment.
Reports on LaPaczek's arrest first appeared on info wars.com and the Jones report.
Witnesses said LaPaczek and another reporter were physically assaulted by police, and their camera equipment was damaged according to those reports,
which also included video of LaPaczek's confrontation with Giuliani staffers.
If this were 10 years ago, they'd be throwing pies in our face, the Giuliani staffers instantly sent their reporters after LaPaczek was dragged away.
Well, I would be good if they threw pies in their face. Old pie face, pie poos.
Are you sending me this? Yes, you did, I guess.
Yeah, why not?
Oh, it's from Alan, who I haven't heard from him in a long time, one of our regular fancies in Key West.
He says, I have a legal question for you. I own a condo in Vancouver, where I spend three months over the summer.
I understand that as the US citizen, one can spend six months less one day in Canada each year. That is not correct.
We can spend six months at a time, 180 days, then you leave for a day or two and then you can come back.
I've planted travel to Europe, around Trip from Vancouver this summer with your frequent flights in and out of Toronto.
I'm curious if you ever been hassled by Canadian persons or ever in the airport about the time you had bought a yacht, you had a yacht.
Yeah, a couple of times. They have like a separate room.
Well, I'll go in there and interrogate you.
I remember you just said that. Can you say that that happened a couple of times on this trip, this past trip?
No. Then you said they were like, oh, why are you living Canada or something?
No, no, that was going back down there. That was US customs.
So when you go through a person airport out of the way the US, the one good thing is you go through US customs as you're leaving.
So when you get to your destination, you don't have to go through the whole customs thing like when you're coming back from Europe or somewhere like that.
It's already over and done with.
But this guy, a big fat, he looked like that, a big trooper from Joji.
You know, the one where he used to be in those spots, that big red neck trooper, looks like that only with the customs outfit on.
And he says, well, how long you've been in Canada and I told him, he says, well, what are you living Canada for?
I said, what do you mean by that? He says, well, why do you live in Canada? I don't understand the question.
And as I said, I don't understand the question. He stands my customs card and give me back my passport and say, okay, go ahead.
Just to be a jackass, that's all, just to be, I guess, to see my reaction.
Because I feel like it, because it's not Transylvania, because it's not Costa Rica, whatever.
So that's the answer, if you read the customs thing again, you can stay each day.
You can spend six months up to 180 days.
And then if you leave for day, week, a month, whatever, which I do several times a year, then you can come back for another 180 days.
That's the way it works, hey. So good luck to you all and don't take any crap from these guys, okay?
It's just a little like what's his name, doubly do right. And the RCMP, the Royal Canadian Mounties, they're mountain it.
993, Rormantiger campaign to get to a thousand here, man. 993, and he do all these seven votes in 48 minutes.
Can he do it? And Charlie, you know, it's really ironic that he would pick, I guess it's just bad timing.
Sorry, Charlie, I'm not trying to pick on you, but it's just bad timing.
Especially after a couple of those polls he mentioned like that one about who would win the debate.
Which concert year we win the debate. I mean, Charlie, I understand it's difficult. It's a tough job.
Somebody's got to do it, Charlie. We'll find out if you're still a man.
Hey, do we got to do it?
Oh, back up. An Animoist staff. He's a staff to a caravit. He's the best.
We have one engineer in the building who actually gives a crap. Who's like Hallmark? He cares enough. The scene's very best.
Let's hear it for a step.
Excellent job. See that? Thank you, Steph.
I mean, we didn't have that much left in the show, but for those people out there, I mean, maybe they're listening and asked to be able to for crying out loud.
Or in Nino, in Asia, Wisconsin, or in McKeesport, Pennsylvania, or even in New York, they might be listening right now.
Or maybe in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, they might be listening. Well, they want to hear that I'm sure. They don't want to hear like some.
And of course, during the breaks, they're pretty pissed off about that already.
They're not too pleased about what they hear during the breaks, although they do like the guy with the deep voice.
I don't know about you, but I'm getting really tired of him.
I've been since the bug like the second or third day.
The John Fassenda voice. We have the dolphin. Yeah, I mean, and I'm sure they paid that guy a lot of money.
The flagship station. If you give him come until you live, on Hollywood with another edition of America's Bottom 40,
brought to you by the Oxy-5 Company's newest acne medication, Oxy-1 5, for simple free teenagers.
It's so true.
There must be a little quicker on a tape, boys.
That's a good joke. We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down. Record stories are showing them.
For some unknown reason, you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters.
First, let's review the top three songs on the charts.
At number three, Guns and Roses is singing Sweet Child of Mine.
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitar, slash, and his chords.
Stay the hell away.
And number two, you will who it says, Mary, no living in a perfect world.
And especially not for you, you reason, you don't speak proper English.
And a number one George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back.
Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called Razor.
Hi, Ron. And lose that silly ass, you.
Other songs on the charts, the band Johnny H. Jazz, with, I want to be a hero, is moving down on the charts and deserving.
Apparently, Johnny also gave music.
I don't think he'll status his eminent Johnny, so get a real job.
And there is a song I like, Rod Stewart's newest release, Forever Young.
And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me, Forever Hon.
And now it's time for a long distance dedication.
It comes first from a listener in Pasadena, California, right here, Casey.
I'm 16 years old, President of my class, I'm 6'2", I've brought here,
where 175 pounds and started quarter back to my high school team.
But Casey, I have a problem.
The girls, sampling, will not leave me alone.
It seems as though I've already won before, is my good looks, my excellent physique.
Why can't they just like me as a friend?
Treat me as a person instead of some sex object.
And quit hitting upon me all the time.
Casey, do you have any suggestions, sign Todd?
Well, here's my answer.
Dear flaming horrible.
134, that Bob and Tom, I'll tell you, they're no kidding bowl, that's for damn sure.
2017 votes on the pool, and Chris now can sit back and just to let his poop a gear out a little bit.
Kind of like Josh Friedman, but not quite as, wow, I take that back.
I take that back.
Take that back.
Now, did you meet him?
Meet him, he's actually one of the people that I really can't stand because of a day that I worked on a show.
He worked on his show?
Well, he was filling in for the Crow.
Oh!
And yeah, I was in turning on the show.
Wow!
Josh Friedman fills in for the Crow.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
So, I guess he never heard the Crow show.
I should try Bob, it's right here, home boy.
He did what?
You never really heard the Crow do a show, right?
I heard it.
Well, he would have music going in and out of the break, so he would have music coming up to the break, so he knew to go to break.
Yeah.
It was like his thing.
So, it's supposed to be, if you're filling in for someone, that show runs the same way.
So, I forget who I was, I think it was with Pat Pasani.
He's like, alright, start the music so he knows to get out in a minute.
Well, he's in the middle of some long, winded, stupid comment, and the music just barely comes on, and the middle of it, he stops because he couldn't think anymore,
because music is coming through his ear really lightly.
So, he starts yelling at me and everything.
Now, I'm an intern.
He starts yelling at me on the air, and then he's like, oh, he's trying to finish it, and it's like, forget it, just go to break.
And then he just starts yelling in the break, and I was like, I'm now ready to come through there and just like, hey, I'm going to be like, you know, I'm an intern, just whatever.
So, he's like, before I had a thousand swiss cheese would have come before I was able to.
Yeah, it was the naval, yeah.
So, Pat goes in there and tells me, I'm still like, five minutes late, he's like trying to apologize to me, I was like, whatever.
And now I see him at Hurricane Stings, and he tries to talk to me.
And then he goes, I'm like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm
going to be like I'm going to be like a Brooklyn man who's pissing finger has always. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I have so much. I don't have it. I don't have it. He runs the, he rules the sw , has always childhood, but the
trend today may have been the turning point. Finally, after all this tourists. But then again, it may not have been.
You know how you see you have to be consistent. You know, there are monthly, one month doesn't make a rating book, it doesn't make a story, it doesn't make, you know, a comeback.
It's a good sign. It's better than a continued decline and more of those point, kind of hours, you know.
Like we have from 11am in the winter book. I mean, how is that possible? I know I keep asking that.
How can there be nobody listening at 11am at the clock at night? Nobody. I mean, is the transmitter on? And by the way, you know, somebody must have been dealing around back there on our streaming thing.
I would imagine. You really think that was just a coincidence that I talked about how lucky we've been lately for a long time. We haven't had any problems, any dropouts. And the fact that there were three today and I apologized for it. And I went on about GAS because they did not do them back there. And all of a sudden, look like somebody started did them.
And Stefan back there and probably kicked them in the ass it was ever back there. Probably some OJ on the road, probably Robert Greeper hanging around the building, probably trying to stick it to us.
You know, that's Robert Greeper, the Green Reaper, the Lord of the Board. That's what I hear. I think since I got candy to stop saying that and they got rid of that square table, they made a big comeback. Don't you think? Let's take credit for it. Not.
Although Kim Boe camper and OJ McDuffin, now that's kind of like when you said Josh Friedman filling in for the crow.
It kind of set my stomach churning, you know, I had like a yearning to jump out the window.
Special public service announcement. Don't go to the Promises Rehab Center. It doesn't work. And the Red Bull is served without vodka. And they make you share a room with someone who buys off the rack.
It was horrible.
What? Oh, right. And like, don't drive drunk and stuff. Okay, is that enough to get me out of jail time? Oh my god. Why so do not want to be parisous sale mate?
Yeah, yeah. Where's that? This your boys, he might see how you even saw us with light hooks and concepts. Right?
That's why I go black. Some of the boxes check this out.
I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to
get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I
'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm not going to get a box. I'm when A
Way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order it, way to order
it, we'll get in at least a little more time before we get out of here.
Well yeah, what do we wind up with on the pool?
1026, okay so you've handled room to spare, not a whole lot, because we are really heavy
do do the dog days, plus it's a real crappy pool, sorry Charlie, isn't it?
You liked it though you say you already admitted you liked it well, you know it kind of goes along with this place a little bit
Some of those things have happened sexual harassment somebody has pinched your ass. No
Are you talking about other people?
Well, I've been one of these and and you have been one of these what do you mean by this?
Well, when in what way we don't know about this
Can we talk about this on the year? I guess the person's not here anymore
It wasn't a sexual harassment case. It's just one of these things happened. I happen to have a good time at that one of the Christmas parties
yeah, and
Wasn't like a sexual harassment thing. Well, which guy was it? Oh
Rob always probably Josh Friedman
Now I told him to stay away from me
Just like Ray Whitney ran away when he's something one thing about Josh Friedman anybody sees him coming
They run and the opposite direction. It may not be good. He may not be
Desirous of you know being around but he sure consistent
Consistently obnoxious
So I didn't realize that I never heard that straight
Which I was obviously laughing because he knows what I'm talking about
He knows that you were like coming out of some chick that we actually she came on to me
So I just let him on to you. I just let it happen basically. What does she do just reach out and grab you?
All right, she grabbed your goods. Yeah
She did yes, she did get out of here. All right. I'm telling you she grabbed your pack
I just went along with the flow is all I did
Went along with a what I don't want to hear that better better nip it in the bud right there bud
Well, I never heard this you don't have to tell me this story before the show tomorrow. Okay for a mind me
I sure will and then we'll also figure out what happened that outlook is fresh
We have lots of stuff see the audience thinks I just got one bottle in here. They think so
I think there's a guy or something
I'm a you've heard they think you just sit there and send me pictures of guys or something
The Roman Catholic diocese of Vermont you know that check that you were thinking about getting in July
Mm-hmm the Roman Catholic diocese of Vermont wants the judge in an upcoming trial about the alleged sexual abuse by a priest of bar evidence
On how the Vermont diocese has responded to other similar complaints a 50-year smear is just gonna confuse the issue
Tom Acormick that I see Larry told chitin in county superior court judge Ben Joseph that's chitin in county
It's gonna be a tremendous waste of judicial time. It'll be unjust. He'd be saying a Virginia Beach Virginia
Manages that the former Reverend Alfred Willis performed a sex act on the then teenage in a motel room in Latin New York
I never heard of that and later tried to molest him at a Milton home the suit says both incidents their place in 1977
Willis Nellie and Leesburg Virginia is not being targeted the current suit set for trial June 18
He was dismissed from the priest in the eighties after other complaints about his sexual abuse
The diocese settled another case involving Willis for 170 grand in 2004, ain't that grand?
Church critics charged at the diocese hasn't been aggressive enough in rooting out abusive priests and say that's relevant to the upcoming trial
As late as 2002 that I see's policy was that people like Alfred Willis have to be treated with kid gloves
Said Jerome O'Neill a lawyer who's represented more than 30 people
With suit the Vermont diocese
There's a letter from Bishop Angle and may of 2002 apologizing to him for having to report him to the Attorney General's Office
Bishop can an angle be tired two years ago
The judge city would consider the arguments that today tomorrow's hearing before making a decision on the motion
Disappressed evidence, but he also said that since the diocese in our will is the defendant of the case
It's conduct and responded to the acts is alleged is relevant
Sue their ass squeeze every last time you can't out of these fakers out of these charm-listing perverts
So one thing to be you know run to the mill pervert nothing wrong with that like me
But all these pedophiles made it to send alcatraz are just the shoot them. That's all
1334 votes on the pool. What is the worst thing you've ever done at work?
They could be construed well you weren't doing the harassing so you didn't have any liability there, right?
Or is it better you went along with it? You've allowed it to happen. Yeah
It was a bad idea was this some kind of an oral situation is out this way. No, it's the full Monty
But really just oh no just turned out to be a bad idea. I have a rule that the old slide to Salami
What is the worst thing you've ever done at work that could be can
Construed or misconstrued a sexual harassment not the old buried the banana
Proled duty joke 230 flooded with someone to a two-on-eye. I guess this was a little beyond flirting on
Yeah, I'm sure curious to find out who that was
Maybe it was Donnie B
Took advantage of a co-worker who was drunk at a company party
177 hundred kiss the colleague 105 it wasn't Stu got's like as a
Stalk somebody 99 ask someone out on a date 85 slacked their pants somebody's butt ass 83
Spied on someone in the bathroom 60 Jesus God I can take your nose plugs if you're gonna do that
They might actually been do it be doing some real business in there display day sexy counter 34
Roto-love letter or note 11 and Warren's deductive clothing 11 out of 1034
Yeah, I'm just now and I'm not gonna be able to sleep all night worrying about that story
You believe me? Yeah, I'm gonna have to go to woodbind it
Boor
You're fairy
different
like
Like seas, seas we sing Like roses but we
Yeah
Must tell you we swear with nine days if you want
These outfits to cry
They would kick your ass
Welcome
We got a land
We swelled in that game
We look like candy or designer
We sing like a bunch of pretty whilers
Up with straight our agents says we got a say
We swear in that game
Our biggest fans unswelled your old girls
Who think we're as cute as candy
Yeah
But as they get older they all figure out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get many joy
We do, we do, we do
Watch our clothes on the delicate side
Don't long to do what's essential to us
We do, but today we think that we have better say
We swear in that game
I swear with light
You're fair we
Bye, bye, bye
