gang rate is funny
absolutely
That's what's going on here a Q&A like I tell you that right now
No
Welcome don't do this don't play that and please no fart sound no
is
And
Heard thunder and the wind were吵
Yes, acost heightened lies
and thrown in on the sol
But the mighty castle boy
did he know that wardı
had not come to such
Honey, babies and out for Christ, for the people of light,
And the bench, where station should fight,
And don't be proud of that dream and all the light,
Who's risking so much from hell,
Oh, dead, paid in life,
That's an object that weighs your life,
Dead, paid in life,
You let the people run in,
And be brought in, and your life,
Dead, paid in life,
Dead, paid in life,
You let the people run in,
And your life,
Dead, paid in life,
You let the people run in,
And I know,
Baby, how,
So, how,
Now, there's a group we ought to do a poll on,
Somebody that grants fruits,
I love the grassroots,
But the only problem with that is,
What?
Who the hell knows from the grassroots, me?
Yeah, what about Chris?
For the who?
No, for the grassroots.
For the who?
Not the who.
That's another show.
Not even the guess who.
So, I know, that's the problem with that,
And Charlie, he sends me a self-congratulatory email this morning,
Oh, that was a great show!
Oh, if I do say so myself!
Charlie, you're an idiot,
But keep the polls coming, baby,
Maybe someday you'll send us a good one.
I don't see this current pile today.
If you really did find a finger in your chile,
Or a dead mouse in your chile,
Or is what would you do?
There's nothing worse than finding a dead mouse,
Especially in your pants.
But at any rate,
Yeah, don't play any fart sounds,
And don't do this, and don't do that,
And that's what we're up against.
The reason I'm sour on this is because I'm thinking about that trend coming out tomorrow morning,
And I think it's going to be a disaster,
Because clearance,
There is the master of disaster.
That's a 1003 AM confession by the grassroots.
They don't know from the grassroots,
Especially the punks.
Do you think they know the grassroots?
For Chris?
No.
It's serious.
See, I was going to nail it right there,
And he kept it off.
I don't know if it's there,
It could be a spank.
Yes.
It could be a PR,
I,
Yeah, whatever.
All right, play any fart sounds,
Joyce is going to get all of a sudden.
You see,
If there's any rationale behind the crap that they foiced upon us,
That would make a difference.
You know, then I might say,
Okay, well, I understand.
There is none.
It's just something that someone arbitrarily made up.
In this case, Joyce Fitch.
And the clearance.
Oh, gee, you better be pleased.
I'm a butt plug.
Stop with the fart sounds.
You're an idiot clearance.
That's all I can tell you, man.
And of course, even athletes,
Even Jackson locker room occasionally get fart.
Oh, that American dollar.
Thank you, Mr. What?
Huh?
Mr. President, thank you so much for those low-gas prices,
And that really strong American dollar.
Wow.
You're all hit.
And let me just say on the ear,
Before I get into this,
Before I start this,
A board of thing today.
I want to just,
I just put everybody in the world on notice.
Not that most people care anymore,
Because it's way past that.
But what I've been telling George and Chris,
Before the show for the last few days,
Is that one day,
You're going to turn on the radio,
And George is going to say,
I don't know where the old man is,
But he's not here today.
Right, I think he jumped.
No, I'm not going to jump.
But if you do, remember to take the mic with you.
Yeah, it would be fun listening on the way down.
It would be fun listening on the way down.
But I'm going to just tell you,
One of these days, I'm like just getting the old,
And that nice new car that I am going to have in the next couple of days,
Haven't got it yet, but I'll be getting it.
I'm just getting that baby,
And it wouldn't have to be nice to just,
I don't know, tool around.
Drive off the bus.
Of course, with a price of gas,
And that very weak American dollar.
The year old this morning,
Had a new record of $1.40.
And the Canadian dollar,
Let me turn on the financial network here,
And see, it was 99.68.
It was as close to parity with the,
Even Stephen,
With the US dollars, it has been in the Zillion years,
Which of course means no American tourists are going to be coming here,
Which isn't all bad.
But the number two,
For those of us who have paid American currency,
Used to have a really sweet deal,
Now it's like a hell.
Thank you, Mr. President,
For destroying the American economy.
With your butture, it's war in the rank.
With your massive destruction of human life,
With your lunacy, insanity, madness,
While everybody's worried about,
Oh, OJ, OJ, was instead a poor OJ.
And the gene is six, oh my god.
There's how sharp it and Jesse Jackson, again,
Doing their usual grandstanding.
It's just the 99.92,
All of the Canadian dollar is on the verge, baby.
Michael.
Yeah, Pat.
So the CSF composite index is down.
We don't care about the composite, you idiot.
Speaking with Jack, a composite.
That's it.
I mean, these are good people here,
But stuffy, in some cases,
All the money.
A dollar 40 on the euro.
Do you know when the euro started,
I think it was like a worth about 79 cents.
And then for a long time, it was like 92 cents, 94 cents.
And now it's a dollar 40 against the US dollar.
Markets are also nervous,
They're waiting statements on the American economy
by US officials later in the day today.
The euro has hit new highs,
Regulations, the rate cut on Tuesday,
It rose to 139.88 during yesterday's trading.
And now it got to 140.06.
So it means if you're going to be traveling to Europe,
You better have some serious dollars, baby,
Or somebody else's credit card.
Because you're going to have real tourists,
A buck 40.
But nevertheless, just stay and don't worry about the important stuff.
Like OJ and Lindsay Lohan,
Crap, Crap like that.
Here's the poll today,
And Brandon's all excited about this.
I told you it was good.
I never said it was bad.
I just said we've been 40 trillion times, sweetie.
Just relax.
915 votes on the poll today.
So I guess we might be fairly safe to assume we're going to make a thousand, Chris.
Sounds good to me.
When you have 900 plus going in, I think that's not too bad.
Best burgers in town come from or came from.
It could be a place out of business and some of these are.
Fudruckers is kicking ass, 211.
Now I thought that maybe that was getting a little freak job on there,
That there were some people who were like loading up on Fudruckers.
And isn't the one there in plantation out of business?
Isn't it closed down?
And one recorder sunrise and whatever that was,
Pine Islander.
Huh?
I don't know.
It's gone.
It's fire reports on it.
It's locked.
I do believe.
But nevertheless, Fudruckers 211, if they just wouldn't butter the bun.
If you're one of those people with a sensitive stomach and you don't want to be having a wild screaming diarrhea,
Then tell them, oh, hold the butter.
Don't butter the bun, please.
And then you'll be, it's great.
And I like that goopy cheese they could put on it too.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah.
The goopy.
I mean, same kind of goopy cheese they used to have in the tacos back at Taco Soleil back in the day,
Before they closed down.
Fudruckers 211, try out 150.
Wendy's 85.
Boy, that's a big drop down to Wendy's.
I voted for Wendy's.
Wendy's.
Stake and Shake 78.
I'm interested in that because all I hear is complaints.
So, yeah, after all the years, I was touting Stake and Shake and the rest of the state and then we finally got it.
They have less shakes, I will say that.
You can get the shakes when you go there?
I've never had a problem with other stuff there.
But the burgers are like kind of fall apart.
I don't know, maybe not anymore.
Maybe they straighten out their meat.
Stake and Shake 78.
Arles Royal Castle, which I believe is coming back soon, many times 70.
Those were the little neatly burgers.
In and out 69.
But I'm surprised that many people have heard of it or tried it the old in and out.
That's in Vegas, Vegas, out west.
White Castle 69.
But I remember those days, checkers slash rallies, which is the same.
And checkers is God.
About 30, man.
Burger King 29, Hardy's 25.
I don't know, Hardy's, of course, they don't have Hardy's in South Florida at all.
And we've been through discussing a million times.
Right.
I like those shroom burgers they got at Hardy's. Those are pretty good.
Why is it that the rest of the state has got so many, I don't, I just don't understand it.
Crystal 22, it's not crystals, it's crystal, but that's okay.
And there is that crystal on it in our power line road.
Have you ever seen it?
Nope.
There is one there.
Well, you see Crystal every day.
McDonald's 19, Crystal Queer.
McDonald's 19, Sonic 18, Jack in the Box 15.
Big boy 14, hey big boy.
Fat Burger 8, Burger Chef 4.
Hot and now 3.
Oh boy, not hot and not now.
What a piece of teardew.
And the only reason they started that was because Pepsi was pissed off that these burger joints were using coke at the time.
I mean coke and coke.
Right.
And so they said, well we're going to show you, we're going to put you out of business.
We'll open up our own damn burger joints and drive through places.
And that lasted about what, two minutes?
Well, they do have, I mean Taco Bell is Pepsi owned and so is what else is.
Conflicty Fraud.
Right, right.
That's what I was thinking.
And Vick and Herbs got two votes, which out of 933 they got two votes.
They're long gone.
It's a Rochester place.
And they figured there's all these Rochesterians and South Florida.
They're going to come down here and open in four-large a day and make a killing.
Well, somebody got killed, whoever opened it.
And you got a fact from somebody saying, hey put pick and herbs on there.
They had the best damn burger and the idea, what did it say?
Oh, you want me to read it out of the garbage?
No, it's not worth getting out of the garbage.
I'm just sorry.
I did it.
Please add, Vick and Herbs to the list.
They were the only South Florida.
They were only in South Florida for a short time.
However, they're a cheeseburger with everything was the best I ever tasted.
Hmm, it says like that.
And let me say it again.
If you ever come to Canada, do not try Harvey's hamburgers because, wow, man,
must meet all along.
You should just nasty stuff, nasty crap.
Must meet all rotten.
Anyway, here's the schedule for today.
Let's see if we got anything good on today.
Oh, that's right.
We got the Hurricanes.
Let's start the big game show now.
Oh, right.
No.
I want to spin now.
Give me a sec.
Keep thinking of that guy, you know.
What a jerk.
What a jackass.
Everywhere you go in life, they're a jerk.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
There's always got to be one jackass idiot who just who has like he's never been
lived out of the house before.
Give me a spin now.
And he's pointing at that third rear.
And the good thing is the whole time he was doing it, he never got one spin.
He lost his ugly, stupid ass.
Mad Dog, let's see, two to three thirty.
Oh, he's coming in for an hour and a half.
Boy, that's really a white idiot baby.
Right.
That's going.
We need that.
We need all the help we can get, especially with what Jolly Jo Bell is doing
with this radio station.
You are a butcher, Jolly Jo.
Yeah, plus it counts as one of his 210 days or something.
Yeah, it counts as one of his 85 days of year that he's working.
So only an hour and a half.
Nice scam, Mad Dog.
I'm all for the talent.
Hurricanes Game Day at 330, which is our four-hour pre-game show.
We get a lot of spots in there, baby.
I bet you that...
Joseph Gacken.
Might show up on that abortion, too.
Then we got UM football against Texas A&M 739.
If they get wild to get in, boy.
And let me say, Texas A&M, they got an offense.
They put some points on the board.
Put it on the board, as the Hawk would say.
And anybody likes Ken Hiralson, I think she's a broadcaster.
She's a crazy person.
That was Josh Cordistop that the Hawk was good.
Wasn't it, or was it the U-Chris?
You don't know the court itself.
You what?
I have no problem with Andre Dawson, but it was probably Cordiston.
Not Andre Dawson, that's the wrong Hawk.
No, but Hiralson.
Not even the Hawk.
You don't like that.
You're thinking of Andre Dawson, and then there's always chicken hawk.
UM against Texas A&M 730, then at 1030, after the game,
it's Hurricanes extra points for another hour and a half
so we can squeeze a lot more spots in there.
And then we got the Marlin stuff, as on A&M 940.
Whichever understand this.
But the Marlins and the Mess will be on 940, I&Z.
And then after all, this Kakarai game went with an AK.
How can that be?
How can Gene that, with that AK, or what was that?
Is that on 940?
Also?
It says he's on tonight?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's not on tonight.
Nice job at this casual appearance.
You simple to, you jackass.
I got some fart sounds, oh man, I'm going to give them to personal friends.
I'm going to come down here and bend over and fart right in your face for hours.
1013 at 560 WQM.
We can't, for a week, more and more people are taking advantage of these
meals.
Have price deals on WQM.com.
Guess what?
It's Thursday, today's the day.
Another big new restaurant offer starts at noon today, and by $50
gifted to guests for just 25 bucks to left these tavern in Grille on
State Road 84 in Davy.
They offer fantastic food and a really fun atmosphere.
Go for lunch or dinner or meet your friends for drinks and happy hour.
Dinner on frozen food, grilled or blackened dolphin, fresh salmon,
filet, snow crabs, king crab, lobster, pasta, chicken and veal dishes too.
And they're states-filling, and you're on a New York strip skewer or grilled
or perfection.
And their raw bar is really outstanding as well.
Frieders sandwiches, salads, and their famous chicken wings are a must.
Left these tavern in Grille, they're on State Road 84 just west of
Hyde, Israel called 954-474-1410.
And thanks to me, you'll be able to buy $15 gift certificates that have
fresh disturbance around noon today, but act fast because once they're gone,
they're gone, and lately they're moving fast like hot tamales in Mexico City.
That's QWQM.com starting at about noon today.
What's the best name of the best talent?
New York is new largest sport radio 560 QAM.
And they're sports leader.
Frieders got.
Toto to to do.
Toto to to do.
Way down yonder.
In the heart of Dixie.
The land of God done.
And in our proceeding.
Their trucklamps are cranking.
Out with the fan of me.
Churches of peace and doom.
Or the last of the moon.
Little meditation.
The Christian bedmatch.
New bedmatch.
Reaction.
Little meditation.
Little bed.
All of God's human.
God.
In God could do me.
Now to do that, I'll take that.
In trebenessly.
Don't kill me, how nice.
Most definitely.
They're holding.
Very poor.
So they great more.
Little meditation.
Okay, it's 1020 at 560 WQAM.
I never visited drugs much in my life.
But I think I'm going to start now.
Yeah, but too late to start.
That's what George said.
Well, I'm saving heroin for my old age.
You know what I'm in a wheelchair with the IV drips.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
No, I have a rip's not in good time.
Because I'll be dead.
I'll be putting in the channel.
I'm changing the channel now.
Oh, no, they're putting that.
Yeah.
He's getting that surgery.
They said that was good.
That was good.
Right.
That condition.
Yeah.
God bless.
Marmy Ali or whatever his name is.
I don't want to see that.
Jesus.
God.
Yeah.
Please, out of the pool, five guys famous burger and fries.
Recently opened in Florida, he also says this fan has great burgers.
This is from University Dodge.
That the facts.
Interesting.
Here's an email from somebody.
Scott.
Scott in Pinellas Park.
He says Pinellas Park is the only place that can make tamarind look good.
He says, I miss Charlie.
Like crazy.
I know we're here on the West Coast.
I remember there was an in and out burger on state road of seven in Lauderdor.
He'll back in the middle of the late 80s.
I must have missed that.
I remember so no in and out in Lauderdor.
He'll.
And it says if you want the best burger, well that's what the pool question is.
Five guys.
They're based in DC, but they're spreading out.
One across the street from Me, Herndt Penelope Park.
The idea of a burger is a double burger.
Their fries are cooked in peanut oil.
Wow.
So thanks, Scott.
So let's add five guys on there.
You got Chris.
Chris, whenever you need a five guys.
Chris.
Yeah.
Ruth.
Chris.
Yeah.
And wait till you hear this.
Neil, where's the love for what a burger sir?
Sir.
I guess this is bridge tender junior.
Everybody's a comedian.
Everybody.
Why is it want to be?
Where's the love for what a burger sir?
Well, guess what?
I never heard of what a burger.
Maybe that's why I ain't got no love for it.
They just put one up in Melbourne.
It's pretty good.
But I voted for steak and shake.
Well, was there ever a what a burger in South Florida says what a burger is highly
tempted to run a Texas from what I hear?
Well, what is the pool question actually say?
It says the best burgers came or come from well, we're talking South Florida.
We're not talking about a lot of maybe there is or was a what a burger what what do you think?
What I never know how do you want to put it on there go ahead.
I don't care.
It's right.
I'm easy.
It's free.
Doesn't cost a dime to put it on there.
We can put all kinds of stuff on there.
We got burgers chef on there with David on a business about a hundred years ago.
That was the place where he had the fixins bar.
And you go in there and you get your burger plain or your cheeseburger plain.
And then you put your own fixins on there the onions and the ketchup kind of like going out to you getting the street meat.
You know, like in real cities they have street meat.
You go out there and you I don't think they have burgers at least not here anyway.
You got sauce and hot dog.
I don't understand.
You're starting to cook on the grill which you can cook burgers on the grill.
But for some reason they don't do that.
Maybe they don't want them to pebble up and pull our burgers out there on the streets.
I don't know what that's all about.
So what kind of drugs would you suggest I should start doing?
Because see, fat ass Jolly, fat ass Jolly Joe doesn't realize it.
But I'm thinking like maybe the end of the year I'm just going to send him like a note.
And I'm not going to send it like email or anything quick like that like in a bottle, you know, like a post-it note.
No, like in a bottle I'll drop it on a tearful.
I hope it carries on.
No, that's a good idea.
Maybe it'll drop a little number on his head to it at the same time with the message.
Hey Jolly Joe, bye bye, screw you.
There you go. There's only one for your joy.
Don't do this and don't say that and don't play this and don't do that.
And this is the beastly effing way and these people think that they're going to be like the dominance day.
They're in a dream world. They're losing it baby. They're losing it bad.
It's oozing and we're losing. Can't you feel it like oozing away?
That's what I was waiting for that.
Very good, it's a little sluff.
Yeah, I noticed.
But that's okay because when it's oozing away sometimes it'll be a little slow.
That's what we're choosing to be oozing.
Yeah, as opposed to losing or cruising.
We'll see tomorrow morning when that number comes out at 10 o'clock.
Of course it doesn't mean the damn thing because I can feel it, I can smell it.
You just know it really.
Oh yeah, it's going to be bad.
972 on the pole.
What a burger to have any.
We just put that on there.
Five guys got one.
Well, what we do.
You ever hear of five guys?
Nope. I remember that three guys pizza place.
They used to be in Laudahill. A lot of things used to be in Laudahill too until all the right people moved up.
But that's beside the point.
But I don't want to turn into a racial thing.
Oh, another explosion in Beirut.
That was yesterday.
So give us today's explosions.
Don't keep putting yesterday's crap up there again on CNN.
Give us today's explosions and today's dead people and body parts.
Not stuff we already saw yesterday.
Nobody cares about that anymore.
We have a very short attention span.
The lesbianese government.
Vows not to let the assassination derailed their presidential vote.
Well, good for those lesbianese.
Like my lesbianese camp driver here.
He's a good guy.
Yep.
In fact, I think what I tell you before the show.
I think what I get my new car in the next couple of days.
I'm going to park that baby right in his garage.
Say, hey buddy, when I'm ready to drop it, I'll let you know.
I don't want it anywhere near this building.
972 votes and floodruckers continues kicking ass.
So the best burger is 221.
Charod, a very respectable second, 156.
Which I'm sure Joel will be delighted to see that.
And Kim Bebo came for two.
One of our fine sponsors.
I love Charod.
I used to tell you when I come back from the doctor after I go take my.
You have to be fasting for your blood tests.
Yeah.
So I go see the pill doctor, doctor, what it was named.
Dr. Bob, Dr. Dick, whatever's named.
I go see him and then on the way back as soon as they finish drawing the blood.
I'd stop.
There was a Charod there in Laudahill.
Not Laudahill, what is that?
It's a Nod Hill road, what would that be?
A sunrise?
I don't know.
I'm guessing that.
Well, whatever it was, there's a nice Charod right there.
And I'd go to the drive-thru and give me an ice Italian sausage with cheese and onion.
Oh, baby.
Well, that'll sit you free.
Wendy's has 91, their third, steak and cake 84.
Like Castle 74, Wayne Arles Royal Castle 73.
They haven't forgot it.
That's probably because it's our crowd.
In and out, 73.
Who don't like the old in and out?
Checkers or Aralees 33, same stuff.
Burger King 29, Hardy's 29.
Crystal 24, Sonic 20, McDonald's 20, Jack in a box 16, etc.
Vick and Irv still has only two and five guys has only one.
What a burger, in spite of that, what's wrong with the love for what a burger, sir?
It's not in there, but even that Jack asked in vote for it.
What biggest dinners of best talent?
Here is your Roger.
Watch all of your 5.60 QAM.
Thanks, Force, Leader.
Welcome down the hits with Casey Jason.
Hi, I'm Casey Gaseum.
Welcome back to our countdown of this week's top 20 ringdones.
We're up to our number one ringdone of the week.
But first, our unlimited coast to coast, long distance request and dedication.
It's from Jessica S.
She writes, Dear Casey.
Recently, my sister was caught lip-sinking on national TV.
At first, she blamed her band.
And then, she blamed her asses re-flux, whatever that is.
Anyway, Casey, since everyone thinks I'm the stupid one of the family,
could you play Green Day's American idiot from my sister Ashley?
Signed, Jessica.
So, from Jessica to Ashley,
here's your unlimited coast to coast, long distance request and dedication.
That's American idiot from Jessica to Ashley.
Now, on with the countdown.
Casey's posted, just...
But first, let's recap our top 3 ringdones.
Number 3!
Coming at it number 3, Rondo Aliterca by Mozart.
Number 2!
At number 2, that tune that sounds like heart and soul, but is it?
And now, this week's number one ringdone.
Number 1!
For the third week in a row, walls of the flowers.
Number 3!
Here you have it, the top 20 ringdones of America,
as tabulated by phone billboard magazine.
To win again next week, when we'll once again count down America's top 20 ringdones.
I'm Casey Casey saying keep your volume turned on,
and keep reaching for Fort Bar.
I think Casey's the parents of last minute.
1033-27 before 11 at 5.50 W.D. Q.A.M.
and we're getting on now.
Somebody says George will agree, Rudy's, do you agree?
Well, we both would have agreed at one point.
I would have been at the time of Charm, when we were at IOD 100 years ago.
Rudy's was right around the corner, they were in great aren't they were spectacular.
They didn't last long enough for me to really get with it.
Oh, it's too good to last long enough for it.
If it's too good, people will stop for it, they don't mind if you do with it.
But I did like the, you know, your own condiment that you could fix it up yourself and whatnot.
Really?
I'm throwing burgers.
I never went inside.
Yeah, Rudy's throwing burgers.
Rudy's good, get that on there.
And somebody Jeff says don't forget, Jack's hamburger isn't on US-104 Lauderdale.
Okay, we won't forget him, but I never heard him.
Did you?
Nope.
You ever hear him?
Chris?
Nope.
But put it on there.
Jack's hamburger is whatever.
Hey, listen, we can have 50,000 a month and we'll get 50,000 votes.
Each one will get a vote.
But actually, it's only 1034 already.
Already we got the 997 vote.
Time I click this, baby, it might have a thousand already, you know what?
By 1034, 998.
Look at that, that's great.
Nice go up Brandon, outstanding pull.
I mean, we've done it, you know, a thousand times before, but that's okay.
In fact, maybe we'll do it every day.
And our never-ending quest to find the good eats, right?
So we can let, don't forget we got lefties coming up on our, uh, Neal Deal, starting a noon today.
Now we're never gonna break the record we've said last week.
What was it, 9 minutes?
I don't know.
Is that what it was?
Be I.
Was that a Chris, 9 minutes for last week?
Wow.
I'm pretty impressed.
You almost think we had an audience out there based on that.
If I sound depressed and psychotic, that's because I am.
Because working for Johnny Joe Bell is like, and it's like, uh, I'm trying to think,
it would be like driving a cab and all the roads are closed.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Your livelihood is driving a taxi, and there are all these people lined up who want to take a taxi to go somewhere.
The only problem is all the roads are blocked. They're all closed.
So no matter where you're going, you can't get there from here.
So it's kind of an impediment.
It's kind of like a roadblock for your success in doing it.
And that's what we have here at WDQAM.
We have Johnny Joe Bell, who has come in and just absolutely devastated.
Yeah, I'm not talking dollars in sense because that's all they think about.
Oh, well, yeah, we got the building up and we got record breaking right away.
And the audience doesn't care about that.
The audience isn't impressed by how much billing, by how many spots you can cram in there,
like that hurricane crap we got later today from 3.30 until everybody is good sluffin.
You know, until people can't hand, until people have hurricane coming out of every pore,
wreck them their body, yeah.
And that's basically what it's all about.
That's all I know.
Well, we're going to make some money for the beesleys, yeah.
For the banjo strum and redneck yahoo, and the inner thal beesleys,
we know a radio if you send them a carton full of them.
Let's send them a carton full of cigarettes. Maybe they'll smoke them.
Do you know, I like when I go into the convenience store here,
there are people come in, of course, to buy their faggots in there.
And it's like 10 bucks a pack of cigarettes now.
And they don't even blink.
No.
And most of these people that are going in there, by the way, and buying their faggots,
they're like not the most, yeah, and I'm gonna leave you all.
In other words, how do I put a 10 bucks should be a lot to them?
Probably, right?
That probably is.
But these don't appear to be people with any enormous amount of discretionary income.
And yet it's that being hooked again, like me on the sugar.
When you're an addict.
When you're addicted to that, that's right.
Are you start with a drug talking again now?
Yeah.
Are you gonna start talking about people who snort heroin and things like that?
No, people who snort sugar.
Oh, now that's something I never thought about.
I just thought you could snort heroin.
I never heard of that before.
I thought you had to do the needle thing, like gin.
Right, it was a new thing to me too when I first heard about it, although that was years ago.
All you drug people, man, you just make this, I don't know.
I mean, all you do is drug people.
Well, it might be a hooked on sugar, it might be diabetic, and my blood sugar being just way, way high.
I mean, just ridiculous.
The drug that you're hooked on has caused me three people in my life.
None of the other ones ever have, including alcohol or crap.
I'm not gonna take any of them.
I can't be in the snort and heroin.
I wasn't, you were.
Oh.
I get nervous being around people like that.
I am again.
I don't know a good reason.
Oh.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, really.
A $70 million lawsuit filed by Dan Rather, religious that CBS has formed a parent company intentionally
boxed the aftermath of a discredited story about President Bush's military service to
Curry Favourow the administration.
You go, Dan.
Sue there, ugly ass.
CBS, my ass.
CBS spokesman Dan McClendon called Rather's complaints old news and said the lawsuit filed
Wednesday in States of Pimport, Manhattan, was without merit.
Former CBS parent company, Viacom, Inc., had no comment, their mum.
The lawsuit claims Rather was made a scapegoat to placate the Bush administration after
questions arose about the story, which concerned President Bush's military service, such as
a was during the Vietnam War.
A 75-year-old, rather, whose final months at CBS were clouded by controversy over the
story, said the defendant's actions damages reputation and cost insignificantly, it was
removed from CBS even news post in March 2005.
I think the word we're looking for was unstermatically dumped.
Besides CBS Corp and Viacom, the lawsuit names CBS Presidency or Leslie Moonbeer's Good,
Sue his ugly ass, by the way, that little red lights on.
OK?
I don't know what that means, but just shut it off.
It's disconnected, the dump thing.
It's broken, but they're ever going to fix it.
We don't need to because you're just so you know that you're in charge of that and that
if anything gets on the air, that shouldn't get on the air, it's going to be your other
is pretty much hitting it continuously.
They're just keep hitting it.
Or hook it up again and they'll just keep dumping, dump, dump, dump, dump, dump, dump,
dump, dump, dump, dump, dump, dump, dump, dump, dump, dump, like that.
Viacom Chairman, Senator Redstone and Andrew Hayward also got sued and the former president
of CBS News Andy Hayward, the suit, the suit, the suit, $60 million in compensatory damages
and 50 million imputed damages, you go get them, Danny Boy, stick it to them.
Rather narrated the September 2000 report that said Bush dissimade orders and shook some
of his duties during his National Guard service, which is well documented by the way, and
that a commander felt pressured to sugarcoat Bush's record.
In his lawsuit rather maintains the story was true, but says if any aspect of the broadcast
was not accurate, he was not responsible for the errors.
By forcing rather than to apologize publicly, CBS intentionally caused the public and the
media to attribute CBS's alleged vulnerability of the episode to Mr. Rather to lawsuit claims.
The story relied on four documents supposedly written by Bush's commander in Texas Air
National Guard, Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Killian, critics questioned the documents authenticity
and suggested they were forged and did it.
CBS fired the story's producer, asked for the resignation of three executives because
it couldn't authenticate documents used in the story.
Rather was forced out of the anchor cherry and occupied for 24 years and then an inactive
sheer lunacy and inactive self-suicide, the Admiral Halsey do suicide, but self-suicide,
the lunatics brought in Katie Kirk, even Desperado's, even people in her family wouldn't
watch that bitch.
Remember there's assistance suicide.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Where's the Dr. Jack when we need him?
I could use his services right now.
No, no.
I'm getting ready.
You could use Luca Brotsey services, Dr. Jack.
And investigating panel for the story selected by the network never concluded that the Killian
documents were forged, or that the substance of the documents was inaccurate, and it did
not question the underlying critical fact that President Bush had received preferential
treatment related to the National Guard lawsuit.
Richard Thornberg, the former US Attorney General, made up the two-man investigative panel
with Lewis Bacardi, the retired chief executive of the AP, said he was unaware of Rathers'
lawsuit.
Richard the stolen lawsuit, he said, only, our report speaks for itself.
Bacardi didn't return messages left by the A&P.
Lot of laws, though, he sent messages to.
He said, hope they're in varied.
Issued in January 2005, the 224-page report portrayed Rather as push to the limit with
other stories at the time of the 60-Minutes Wednesday report, he relied on a trusted producer
to not check the stir for accuracy, or apparently even see it before he introduced it on the
program.
CBS rushed the story on the year and then blindly defended it when holes became apparent
said the panel, which was unable to say conclusively whether members allegedly is firing, disperaging
Bush and service were real or fake.
How they real or are they Memorax?
The fired CBS news footage of Mary Meeves, a lot of cheese-kinder Ralph Meeves and Joe Meeves
and Mark Meeves, the Meeves of Michigan.
Later wrote to the panel's examination of the story read more like a prosecutorial
brief than independent investigation for a book surrounded in controversy which published
in 2005.
Rather moved on to a weekly news show on cable's HDNet channel than rather reports, but the
effort is garnered little attention when the show lots of was available only in 4 million
homes, a small fraction of his potential audience, while at CBS.
We don't know where to see it, we don't where to find it, and when you come right down
to it.
This is Dan Rather for one of the final times reporting for CBS News.
You may have heard that I will be leaving the network for which I served as news anchor
for 24 years.
CBS has basically told me there is no future for me there.
Well, why the dog blew off my shoe and called me red butt?
No future for me?
No future for me?
This from a network that hired a party girl to be their news anchor.
I say baloney to you, sirs.
Baloney.
This Katie person drinks cheap champagne out of her stilettos while tabletop dancing
and belting out karaoke, which I'm told is a Japanese influence singing style.
No future for me?
I have been the face of that dump for more than three decades.
Long before Survivor, CSI or the Monday Night Comedy Block, which actually blows, I was
the king.
Yet they have the audacity, the unmitigated goal, to tell me there is no future with them,
no future for me.
You make up a couple of stories about the president, suddenly your persona non-grata.
How about that long-haired freak we had in the radio division for all those years?
They rewarded him by sending him to a company where the cowciels had their own radio show.
If you ask me, that's not too much vision for a company with an eyeball for a logo.
Who could even believe that I, the great Dan Ruther, would become a body's uselessest
boobs on a bowl?
I guess the only way to ensure your future with this network is to cover oneself with body
glitter and sleep with less moombas.
For the record I tried.
Less, was less than receptive.
I have been forced to consider offers that quite frankly are beneath me.
For example, a hosting job on the show, so you think he can dance in a new reality show
called, Milking Cows with Celebrities.
This reporter has rubbed shoulders with the greatest newsmakers of our time.
Gorbachev, Brezhnev, Heidi Fleiss, and now I'm going on casting calls with Screech from
saved by the bell whose own home is in foreclosure mode.
Well, fire my skillet and wrap me in bacon.
I won't take it laying down, unless of course less moombas reconsideres.
Humiliated yes, embarrassed, certainly, but not dead.
Not just yet.
For now this is Dan Ruther signing off.
I have a meeting with the people at sea-allys to become the new face of a reptile dysfunction.
This reporter is in as much shock as Willi Nelson reading his text bill.
But I say this here and now, I will not go quietly into that good night.
I will maintain which left of my dignity, even if I am forced to endorse adult diapers.
Dan Ruther reporting for, well, no one.
In need.
Instead of encouraging people to do that.
There he is.
There is your present and one of the worst sons of bitches who ever ever was on 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue.
Not as present, but just anybody that was on the street.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Not just 1600, but the entire street.
One of the worst, the biggest butchers, murderers, liars, just incredible.
Manglers.
Yeah, but let me ask you something.
You think that OJ thinks that he's above the law.
Best burger in town.
Here's two of them on this one.
Facts.
Duffy's Tavern read Road North to Crowley.
Never heard of it.
And Flanagan.
Good place.
Which one?
Duffy?
Duffy's Tavern.
Get it on there, then.
Chris, you're the one doing all the talking.
And to Flanagan's, which of course is primarily it.
A lot of times a place is where you're the best burger.
You know, just because they have a bar there.
No, that's a lot of times a joint.
The best burgers are in a joint.
That's right.
That's what my late uncle Marvin Rosen told me as he was on his deathbed, but close to
it.
Last time I saw him, the best burgers are in a joint.
And then he was telling me how much he loved those little hot fights Sundays in McDonald's.
This is a guy that was worth like 50, 60 million maybe more.
But he loved those little hot fights Sundays in McDonald's.
And the best burgers are in a joint.
Maybe that's why George is always in a joint or with one, right?
We got a thousand twenty eight votes on the pool.
I think Chris would be screaming and carrying on like a lunatic right now.
Yeah, I got to conserve energy a long day today.
Oh, yeah.
Well, when you're fat like you are, you might burn a couple of calories off.
And I know that with all this food talk on here.
And let's see.
What a burger finally got one.
And it must be from whoever sent me that hostile, caustic facts.
Where is the love for one of our burgers?
Sir.
To sir with love.
Anyway, we got a thousand thirty two votes.
And the Fudruckers continues just kick an ass to two hundred and thirty five Charhot
one sixty five.
That's where the battle is those two back and forth up and down in and out.
Oh, in and out Scott 78.
Wendy's is third steak and shake forth in and out and then white castle and art and
zero castle close by each and after that.
It's a big drop down way down.
So I would say basically there are like three or five six seven, seven joints and
Georgia smoke them all.
So what do you think?
I said, I'm gonna drugs your one.
I could for your heart when you're diabetic and old.
No, I blood pressure.
No, it's not.
What drugs should I start doing?
I highly recommend marijuana if you are going to choose one.
I don't even consider that a drug.
Well, that's a plant.
Well, that's a plant exactly.
I poppy.
Oh, that's something else.
Not seriously.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not going to recommend something harmful or addictive to you.
Why not?
Because I love you.
But you're in the will.
But then so were a lot of other people.
You know, you're worth more to me alive than dead no matter how much money you stick
in their house.
Really?
Yes.
What does that mean?
I mean, I'd rather have you alive.
Well, wait till tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock.
You may change your mind about that.
I have great preparation as we're losing a really good month and their may is dropping
off.
Yeah, tune was a nightmare.
You're a wild too.
Sorry.
My bad.
No, not your bad.
Joe Bell's bad.
Don't take, listen, don't take the rap for any crap we get.
I'll take the rap for the back in the day before he came and put his ugly stamp on his face.
We used to consistently just kick big fat, smudgy, nasty pimpley ass.
Now, since he's got along the whole station, he's gone into tank in the toilet like
more with some.
No, no, no, no.
What is wrong with you, jolly?
Joe, and this is a guy you can't talk to.
You can't tell him anything.
Oh, I don't know what to tell you.
And then they fired McGellen and the guy that replaced him that they stabbed him in the
back with.
McGell goes across the street who is a good guy.
You can also run a board.
And by the way, what's the story, Jerry?
Chris, you run the board for 20 hours to there?
Yes.
And that's because McGell is not there anymore.
And it's a deep spit that they hired to.
He's already gone because he wanted more money.
Nice move again, jolly, jolly.
You just keep making a mistake.
After mistake, after mistake, after mistake, it's just unbelievable.
People who visit developing companies may soon be able to avoid a dreaded companion,
Traver's Diarrhea.
Oh, oh my god.
With the aid of a vaccine, it's being tested in the state led by Houston doctor.
I thought this story would be very appropriate for today.
I'll tell you who gives me diarrhea this and oh my god, just looking at him.
I just want to go in here and do a wicked dump.
But this is good.
It fits right in.
In fact, that would be a good poll to take one day, which fast food joint gives you the
wildest wild screaming diarrhea.
The vaccine delivered through a skin patch rather than the needle is expected to underface
three of its clinical trial next year.
If it wins a pool from the FDA, it will be the first medication to prevent Traver's Diarrhea.
Absolutely correction.
Remember that.
You probably don't remember the first spot was the forpeptobizmal.
At the end of the spots, I do love forpeptobizmal.
Other ones where they go.
They got the singing peeple.
The heartburn, indigestion, diarrhea.
Yeah, indigestion.
We all sing along in my house.
Heartburn, nausea, indigestion, upset stomach, diarrhea, yeah.
It rocks.
We get up and dance.
The skin patch is a focus of a state led by Dr. Herbert DuPont.
I wonder if he's kind of Donald DuPont who couldn't drive his finger up his nose.
A professor at the University of Texas School of Public Health DuPont, director of the School
Center for Infectious Diseases, presented the results of the vaccine's face to clinical
trial of a conference in Chicago Tuesday.
Travellers who received the vaccine before trips to Mexico or Guatemala were significantly
less likely to fall ill with Travellers Diarrhea than those who received placebo as he
reported.
We may be near a turning point of the prevention of this common-off and serious disease
DuPont said, the unique aspects of putting a patch on the skin that protects you against
the common disease is very exciting.
Wow, a patch on the skin that protects you against Travellers Diarrhea and maybe against
the dump in your pants like I didn't answer them a few months ago.
That was bad.
That was not good.
He said he wouldn't find the name Keith Beer Room there, the hotel room.
Whatever, stand there, fumbling around.
Oh, he's wearing that nose for a summer.
Oh no, I got a piece for now.
I feel better now.
I'm good.
I'm ready.
I hope to finish phase 3, the final level of testing in 2009.
Travellers Diarrhea is the most common illness affecting people who visit developing nations.
What does that term mean, developing nations?
I mean, it just mentioned Mexico, Guatemala.
Have those countries been around a long time?
I mean, they're still developing.
No, developing what?
Into something.
Between 20 and 50% of international travelers are about 10 million people develop Travellers
Diarrhea each year.
The agency says, don't be in the onion soup with that restaurant and empty them on the
dam rack.
The market.
The market is a little demurkey these days.
They're good pizza though.
The illness usually is caused by food to drink that's been contended by feces.
Oh no, by Jim de Feseese.
Geez, I never knew that before.
Did you know that?
No.
Wow.
The skin patch vaccine to identify eye-omé corporations designed to prevent Diarrhea caused
by entero-toxogenic E. coli bacteria, the most common cause of Travellers Diarrhea.
It immunizes the recipients of toxic produce by the bacteria, similarly, tendous vaccine.
I just can't even speak after reading that one line.
The illness is usually caused by food or drink that's been contended by feces.
Oh, symptoms include loser watery stool, nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramping, and fever.
Don't fall off that watery stool.
It's rarely life-threatening but can cause serious discomfort and inconvenience.
Most cases result within several days without treatment.
At risk of those people who have been developing countries in Latin America, Africa, the Middle
East, and Asia, they're developing with them very slowly.
Young adults and people with compromised immune systems including those with diabetes
are at high risk.
See there, I just learned something right there.
Phase 2 of the trial involved 170 travelers to Mexico and Guatemala who received two doses
of meat that the vaccine were placebo before their trips of the 59 people who received
the vaccine.
5% suffered from moderate or severe diarrhea compared with 21% of the 111 people who received
the placebo.
No vaccine-related serious adverse effects were reported.
Although when we see him, we're saying there should be the passage as well.
No, all while we all get wild screaming, he'd be so used to the best town.
This is the Neolonger Show.
This is the Neolonger Show.
This is the Brain.
Dordordordord.
Any question?
It was the dumbest heist in Las Vegas history.
Hundreds of dollars worth of meaningless poor home memorabilia was for the taking.
And a plan that came together for OJ's 11.
I don't know why you just don't ask for this stuff back.
Those jokes to me!
Not anymore!
Don't rip the fence foot!
What's that?
We...
Screw it on you!
Now let's just go ahead and do it!
How about you?
You...
You're free, OJ!
You're free, so...
It just breaks us off me!
Two days to know the time of officer, I'll just pay the race!
Cod again and go free!
He's not a point, Joe.
That memorabilia belongs to me!
It was given to me by my Don'tin fan!
Yeah.
You'll have plenty of fans where you're going, Mr.
We had that back to Florida.
Oh, that's it?
I guess it surprised me too. I was reading about Jim DeFese's here. When a
Harold fired his ass, there's a big, oh yeah, it's amazing the stuff you find
online. Just I know that's you know, obviously most people with a brain. But it
just is amazing. I never ceased to be amazed. Maybe that's a better way to put it.
Okay. You ceased to be amazed? I'm amazed all the time. I try not to be. Maybe I'm
amazed. But you play that. An open letter to Harold.
Harold, the publisher from a whole bunch of people, a whole bunch of newspaper
people. Mostly Harold alumni. There's like 80's in and people. And it led to
publisher Jesus Diaz and editor Tom Feeder, you know Tom with the yellow rain coat
that was busy chasing around Gary Hart and Donna ain't so nice rice. Remember
those days? Uh-huh. I sure do. Little twirpy Tom Feeder from the 90's. Hey Tom,
head him on my show one time with Carl Heist and blow it was at a bad show. Was it
a good suck? Anyway, I think the crystal to be pretty happy although
running a country is running a country is busy is running a country it's hard work.
Running a country. We are really kicking ass on this burger pull. Thanks Brandon. I'm
gonna like Brandon to do the pull every day now. Of course now he's gonna have to come
up with one for tomorrow. He sent me a, oh there also used to be burger queen. Let's
put that on there too. That's right. I forgot about that burger green. Yeah.
It was very similar to burger chef in that they had the fixings bar and you put your own
toppings on it and stuff like that and they had the like onion slices and all the good stuff.
Yeah, I like those things. Yeah. Although it does help if the meat is edible. You know like
Harvey's yeah that's a good place to start. Yeah that's a good place to start. I mean in
2009 we're gonna have 1100 votes at 1105. There's, I've met you with mind up with 65,000
votes on a pull today which maybe that's a sign somebody's coming back and maybe we're
gonna be amazed or not. I think we're gonna be amazed tomorrow morning around 1015.
When the evidence is in boy I think it's gonna be grim. I don't usually predict on those things
just how the hell do you know. You know, you know, I don't predict but my prediction is it's
gonna be grim and slim and really I wouldn't be surprised if this station's got some hours
the word the number starts with a like he used to do across the street and by the way Joe will
find burger screw you. Now you threatened me that there was gonna be some article from Jolly
Joe that he sent along and I gave the magazine to Bocher Brian and you'll get it next week. I
won't get it next week. I thought was gonna be in the package yesterday. Well, no pressure.
Literally disappointed I couldn't wait to read about what a jackass at Joel Feinberg is although
I don't need to read about it because I already know it from personal experience or real jerk
or real goofball or real not or not another non-radio person. Well he told us when he called it and he
doesn't know anything about radio and he doesn't know anything about sports. All he knows is his dad
he's got a lot of money and he knows how to spend it. It's all he knows and that he's full of crap
and that Jolly Joe Bells an easy target man. 1101 on the pull we went over 1100 votes now in the burger
pool see and you were not gonna see other day you're so oh jeez we've done it so many times.
Yeah, there's eye sanding. I think both of us were saying it's good. It's all good. It's all good.
That's that's a good point. That's what Fubba says. It's all good. Just another bubble-micing
and Fubruckers this is way out ahead of the pack so I guess quite a brand and they
struck that one down because they had some health violations and health department struck that one
down. Well I wonder what that was all about. I mean that was there a long time because I've been
I've lived in plantation for oh I don't know I'd say about 600 years and I remember one that
thing went up there and now it's gone. See that that's the way it is in life. The good places they
come in and they go and say oh jeez whatever happened to you know whatever right although nowadays you
can't say whatever because now that has a different connotation. Well whatever. Huh? Well no
whatever. No no no. The best burgers come from Fubruckers 239, Charhot 171. I think Charot could
still pass them. I like Charot Lepa but I don't think I've ever had burgers there because when I
go there I always want the sausage or weenies or something like that. But I heard yes.
Especially the Italian sausage that's my favorite. I heard that. But in any rate Charot 171
so I never had the Char cheese and of course I was great. When I was there are they are they really?
Yes. I always remember different people on our station just raping about them and that's probably
because they were getting them for free. Somebody had already voted on the poll when I got here this
morning but I would have voted for Charhot if I could have. Somebody already voted on our poll
this morning. I like that. They're here in the building. I don't know. Not yo. Or maybe yesterday
afternoon. Well how can you change that? Who knows. Already means somebody there in the building
so you can vote. Right. Because that's the way this stupid thing works. For anybody who wonders
why we get relatively so few. Now how come? Well it's like you go on CNN polls and they've got like
53,000 votes or like 200 MSNBC, 243,000 votes, stuff like that. Of course when we get like
1500 votes that's a real feather in our cap because it means it's possible 1500 people might
actually be listening. Might. You understand. We'll find out tomorrow. Thanks a lot by the way,
Johnny Joe for making my final months in South Florida and this whole 31 and a half years I've
been on. Thanks for making it a living nightmare. Okay, Johnny Joe. What you have done. I'll say it
again and I really mean this. This isn't sick. There are people on death row for lesser crimes than
what you've done to this once proud radio station. You are a butcher, a lunatic, a maniac.
I saw it was time to come together a couple years ago. Yeah well he'll be. Yeah.
Did I read the char hot 171 when these 99 so the others after those top two aren't in the running
although you're something might be running down your leg but when these 99, stake in shake 89 they
got the best shakes. That will be tomorrow's poll who's got the best shakes. Yeah,
Nareena wins I think. I voted for Michael J. Fox. Oh I knew you'd do that. There was no down in my
mind. Bad taste. Got the best shakes. That is so insensitive and cruel but accurate.
When these 99 stake in take 89 in and out 80 old in and out. I've seen that and in fact you
know where it isn't Vegas. Well there's probably more than one but there's one like right on the
highway there and it ended out burger. Yeah and because everybody was always calling into the show
saying well you got to try that they're great. I've often thought about trying that but since I'm
never going to go back to Vegas I guess I'm never going to get to try it. Either of you ever try it?
Nope. Arles Road Castle 79, White Castle 79, Rudeys which went on late is all the way up to 40.
Wow what a feather in air cap. Of course they're quite a good memory in their in their cap too.
No that's how good it was. Rudeys was like you said they were like a stake burger. They called it.
Too good to last and they worked. Something 41 votes now. Rudeys was great and many a day when I'd
leave I would either to a flank or of course there was one of those days when we didn't have
any food coming which is pretty unusual but many a day if there wasn't no food I would
drive up there I'm this game full of art and whip right into Rudeys baby and go into the drive
through and eat that baby on the way home. Of course now you can't eat the bun when you got
die babies. At least you shouldn't you know see that's the thing the bread like last night I went
to a restaurant I had a meal all by my own semi-sant there and I had bread and I eat the bread
I didn't order the bread but you know and I had lasagna neither one of which I should be eating.
I'm too disgusted and wrote to you. Yeah I am I keep my mouth shut. What do you mean by that?
I shouldn't be in the lasagna. I certainly shouldn't be in the bread. I don't eat. I'm not even
that crazy about bread like in Faso where he says you know you love bread I like bread. I like it
okay especially if it's fresh and warm you know like in Ruth Chris to bring out that hot loaf
and yeah nothing like a hot loaf and then they in some places they got that garlic butter.
Mmm that's a regular butter but like garlic butter. Man in fact I had a double chicken breast
Saturday night at Ruth Chris had a double chicken breast filled with stuffed with garlic butter.
That sounds great. Oh man that was so good and of course I'm sure it's like like
Feta Tinele Frater like heart attack on a plate. But nevertheless it was damn good.
Something to be said for a good meal and the Ruth Chris here by the way is a much better
well I shouldn't say that. Then some other ones. Is that it was that a delicate way of putting it?
Yeah. The one here is really sensational. It's in the Hilton hotel by the way when you come
to visit Toronto which you won't because your dollar isn't worth like a buck and a half like
he used to be or buck 30. In fact I should go over to that channel right now and then I'll kill
myself after I see that it's finally achieved. I mean this happened like all of a sudden.
One so in that interest rate cut when a 99.87 a Canadian dollar for loony.
The loony baby is 99.86 now. Thank God I moved back down just to touch just to hear a scooch.
Oh brother thanks so much Hilton. You bow so you you booger.
What biggest name? The best town. He's no Roger.
Forty five sixty QAM. The fourth leader.
Hey hey kids. This year's hottest toy is here prepared to be bamboozled by the
battling bosos of Rockham Sucker Rock Tard. Hey man and Kid Rock.
And I'm Tommy Lee. Pay Anderson for longs to me man.
Pams 9.
Dude you knocked my block off.
Rockham Sucker Rock Tard.
Available now at a crappy music awards show near you.
Look at that. Routies has got 43 votes.
See we keep talking about the ones at the top of this pool. Let's uh
fat burgers got a who? Fat burger.
Okay. The chef has got six planning against four jacks four.
What a burger four? Vick and Earth's four. Five guys three. I never heard of it.
Me either. Cotton now three. Well the fact cotton now has got three votes.
So it's enough to make you cry.
Speaking of the hot and now lefties is here now.
Well good. I can't wait. I bet it's hot.
All this food talk you know.
Duffies tavern two and burger queens just went on. I don't have any.
1128 votes. Have it your chris is like dancing in the streets.
Not because we got a lot of votes but because the free food just showed up.
Yes. I'm like 43 minutes to go until we get to um
noon and then we go through that very exciting exercise and see how fast.
Now how many have we got today? We have 50?
100 I believe. We got 150 and that's right because these are 50s.
When we have 50 ounces of it gets for 25 bucks then we have 100.
So that'll take probably more than like 10 20 seconds to sell those.
Yale glider was angry yesterday as he stroked from a Las Vegas courtroom to the
gaggle reporters waiting outside. The long time I'm a defense lawyer
had just succeeded in getting his star client OJ Simpson released from jail
pending a raiment on robbery and kidnapping charges just after mid-night a US
air flight touched down in Fort Lauderdale with Simpson aboard on route to his
home in Kendall. Oh boy. Oh my god.
Amen. Simpson offered no comment left the airport in a
Ford excursion. You thought I was going to say an
Ford Bronco? Yeah.
And said actually but glider 51 wasn't pleased.
I'm living it actually. He said earlier Wednesdays he stomped through the
courthouse. The reason several TV stations that
are interviews with the local lawyer claimed he was representing Simpson free
of charge. Glider put an end to that when he defiantly announced in court yesterday
that he and a Vegas lawyer he hand picked to assist him would be the only
attorneys for the defense. I know it seemed like a Joe Pesky movie in there
glider said afterward but I was really angry I needed to make clear that
worthy only through lawyers representing Mr. Simpson.
Glider may have been understandably upset that someone else was trying to
claim to his clients since 2000. Glider has been Simpson's primary lawyer
in spokesman. Glider was so intent on being in Las Vegas for
Simpson's bail. He has to bribe Kelly Judge to postpone a rape
trial he's working on there. The accuser in the rape case who lives in Kentucky
already traveled to South Florida for the court case only learned it was off
because the attorney for a alleged attacker had to attend to OJ.
I'm not going to allow the OJ Simpson matter to make this case into a circus
judge Lee Ray Sodom and told Glider on Tuesday
according to a transcript but the judge agreed to push back the case after
Glider offered to pay for airfare and lodging for the accuser who was 15.
Glider tried yesterday to downplay the hype surrounding Simpson's later
or latest arrest on kidnapping and burglary charges other than being Mr. Simpson
there's nothing unusual about this case glider said my office handles
tons of these cases every month tons of these cases where people go in
with with the weapon with a bunch of thugs and steal a bunch of crap that they
claim belongs to them wow whether that's true with certain gliders
representation of Simpson has brought a more publicity than any client of his
says this from the hero but by the way we we've got to do something about that
Michael Mayo story because the Sun Sentinel website has screwed up
so if there's anybody out there who can actually get the story to show up
and full online we appreciate if you'd fax it to us right so then the
judge can fax it to me because it's about you know it's about oh
how about that kid from a few that got you yeah
don't tease me bro it's about him well I guess they they were just
teasing us they're on the Sun Sentinel website the headline is there and then
you do everything under the Sun to try to get the story to come up and it won't
show you the story Mike Mayo what a crappy website the Sun Sentinel's got
almost as bad as the hero did blows a former date stated turn these off as
prosecutor glider was mentioned in news articles occasionally the 80s and
early 90s actually began private practice as a criminal defense lawyer
glider attended the University of Miami and received his law degree from
Nova southeastern he defended headline grabbing clients like accused
cop killers and drugs muggers among others but there was little mention of
glider in the press till December of 2000 when he landed new client
oh Jay
glider first represented Simpson in the 2000 are you trying to Sun Sentinel
thing again or is it not going to just print out I mean I'm still on it I mean
I'm refreshing it you know it's very refreshing but I'm not the
suspect showing you the headline and Mike Mayo has got this article about
which he knew the kid and the kid wrote some crap for the Sun Sentinel and
yada yada yada and he was bright and he was this and but he because from his
blog yesterday I wrote that he was going to be writing about it today so I
went right to it and I thought yeah I wonder what might Mayo wrote about it
and there's the headline but it's just a big tape a tease
gliders for our first representative Simpson in the 2001 road raid incident and
the live lawsuit against tabloid that report has kind of been in a pornographic
movie Simpson civil defense team referred him to glider after Simpson moved
from LA to Kindle I'm humbled that OJ put his trust in me
glider said in a 2001 New Yorker profile of Simpson my parents are walking
on a cloud nine because OJ picked me to be a spokesman oh my god wow
since then gliders name and quotes have been printed across the country
every time Simpson said a one in with a law there was the 2001 federal
raid of Simpson's Kindle home and agents confiscated drugs and an awful
satellite TV equipment you hear that the the sirens out there can you hear us yes
they're coming for wow when you live in a big city man there's always sirens all
the time just nonstop police and fire and paramedics and in 2002 Simpson was
taken for speeding his power both through a manatee zone he paid $130 fine I
forgot about that one in 2003 a domestic violence call it Simpson's
home turned out to be false but collended a damaged control actor Simpson
using colorful language vented to reporters he vented after a Kentucky
restaurant tour kicked Simpson out of the steakhouse in May glider against
him after his client he screwed with the wrong guy he really did glider said
just like the run in the cold they screwed with the wrong guy too I guess the
cold screwed the wrong guy glider is probably the attention he's gotten from
handling Simpson's legal affairs in a way steady gig of TV commentary he's
appeared as a legal analyst and doesn't the cable news shows and
discussing cases of Kobe Bryant Scott Peterson Robert Blake and others with
his made for TV draw line an easy smile glider said he's happiest in public
arena is on TV and in the courtroom glider told reporters yesterday not to call
Simpson for comment all interviews will go through me he said just like a
taser gone all the interviews will go through
he'll go and just something I don't know but then again that's lawyers for you
know they were maybe that's what those maybe that's what the sirens ambulance
faces maybe that's what that signify maybe it was an act of God
God that is I was reading that story that thing was a blown off
1137 votes on the pool photographs 242
charcut 179 and Wendy's is going to triple digits with exactly 100
cento I'm sorry see until I forgot I'm in the wrong country how do you say
I wonder in lesbian ease all Chris Chris something about them lesbians sure
that yeah so that's what we got is uh
floodruckers and poor people in plantation they were deprived of their
floodruckers when they shut that one down on the university and um
sunrise it's bad now isn't there like an Arby's right next to that right
I don't know I remember one time I said something
derogatory about Arby's we got like all people but and the people that work
though I guess got all the men out of shape remember that
I like that I like Arby's now what's that uh serial
place we ought to put the phone back on against we think I'd come to serial
was it called serial killer yeah the serial killer
serial right that's all they service serial and the guy they that guy was
honest like uh and then there was always uh
shape or keys too remember those goofballs sure we got through these various
periods and 800 years we'll be able to deliver to
crack call as a promoter we can call us and then
mention the rest of the work out which always
endears them to us and we rip them and ask say oh you don't want to go
there it's bad like that especially that serial
place seriously you can see really you can't think of the
aim for I mean a guy already called like 600 times into it
what only do I not I'm not I'm not able to think of the name I don't want to
think that was you trying to say the serial
connection I think that was it very good what a
mind I got huh serial connection yeah you want the
cream a wheat or the a wheat used today or the rice
crispies just give me the frosted flakes give me the box give me the big
family size box I'll get them right out of the box
frosted flakes talk about a sugar addiction wow
between between the fact that it's all carbs and all pure sugar just
I can eat the whole family size box frosted flakes
credit frost my ass 1140 on there on the survey wow on a pool
best burger joint today yesterday in the future how about ones that haven't
been opened yet
biggest name
560 QAM
and hold it it's Britney and I'm hungry
I'll tell you a lot of people only thought she had a substance abuse problem
and that's why I don't believe she did I just think she's not
again I just want to turn the light down
keep your saggy body out of you your show had no direction
close those can be that we all know so you're looking round
and your voice is no sound people were mocking
and I say we're blocking
love and top fashion were a very dance and bad luck
thinking what would you think in life the crowd was saying Britney
Britney Britney no more Britney Britney Britney
no more Britney no more Britney Britney no more Britney
Britney Britney no more Britney no more Britney no more Britney
30-5 60 W to QA. I'm happy Thursday to you and just half an hour we're gonna be doing our two-for-one meal deal things and
Thanks to Sean the Felix the cat guy on the am I space for
Emailing me a Michael Mayo's calm and I'm sure they're pouring in across the fast machine not
Did you get any? No?
Got a lot of food over here. That's wings
One guy needs to put no need to sandwich because I already got to strangle me to steer while you eat you got one sandwich sashimi
It's a Mona Lisa. It's like a fried chicken with mozzarella with like a red pepper and
What else is on there? Oh, but to things
Ruggola
Wow, all-somic. What?
Bit of grat it's good stuff
I'm sitting here with maybe I have to make some more bacon and make noise and make a lot of noise on here while you're eating by the way
Like that
Mmm-hmm
Whatever the guy yesterday whatever his name was willard. Yeah will of the rat
Anyway, Michael Mayo says I have to admit I admire this spark and Myers writing in 2004
But if stick it to the John Kerry talk in Gainesville on Monday
Which is vaulted into instance celebrity status seem more shock-jock than HL-Manken and
Arambley and sometimes crude discourse. He has to ascended or carry why he didn't contest the 2004 election results more strongly
Why he isn't pushing for the impeachment of President Bush and whether he belonged to the secretive Skolenbones Club at Yale
Still the shock top of shock top response to Mars confrontation obnoxious
What word did you say and perhaps contrabed random of a student activism was a hundred times more offensive?
I mean really tasering a student after he hogged a microphone
Shocking guy in a submission when he wielded only a grateful last book my god the man already endured two hours of John Kerry
Wasn't that punishment enough? Oh my god still by all means Mike Mayo says the campus
Police should have given Meyer the bum is Russian perhaps even arrested him for not complying with the orders
But all they did with their still a stunning public spectacle was give Meyer 21 the attention he seemed to be craving
The 12-page police report detaining Myers arrested charges resisting officers with a violence with violence of felony and
Disturbing the piece of misdemeanor
Notice that he handled a cancourt handed a cancourt to woman before it approached the microphone allegedly saying are you taping this?
Do you have this you ready?
I
Reducing officer Nicole Mallow who tasered Meyer also wrote that on the trip to jail Meyer was laughing and being light-hearted in the car
His demeanor completely changed once the cameras were not inside
But I don't know how much I could trust Malo considering she wrote that Meyer was inciting a riot police
I don't know Myers motivation his website the Andrew Meyer calm makes me wonder the Andrew Meyer calm
This is a guy who be cyberfriend himself as the Andrew Meyer also has an email address of famous writer man
In a 2005 column for the independent Florida alligator he wrote about his
Proprocivity for provocation. I absolutely love the thought that some nonsense I wrote irritated people enough for them to let everyone know
How much they dislike what I wrote he said
His high school journalism advisor described him as passionate and eloquent
O-line Cognitive is not for the Sun Central features editor who supervised him when he contributed the newspaper from
2002 to 2006 said he was one of the finest students I've ever worked with it was always polite and reliable
It was always passionate about politics
Maybe he's an impassioned political idealist a self-promoting narcissist or a little of both with a war rampaging in young Americans dying
It's just nice to see that someone on campus has a pulse
The police is over the top response can only be seen as a message to those who did a question authority
University of Florida president Bernard Macon told reporters on Tuesday he regretted the incident and was embarrassed by it
Two campus offices have been suspended pending investigation the Taser use don't tease me bro
Still this should be a lesson to Meyer if he's gonna be a provocateur
He needs to learn the basics of civil disobedience like how to get arrested without resisting. Oh
Where do you read about that?
Is it like a manual for that?
It's an automatic for that. No
I can't find it. He's an Ozone provocateur. There it is
Like how to get arrested without resisting otherwise, bro. Sometimes you get burned or shocked bro
That's what Michael Mayo says. Bro. Don't tease me bro
Like you got a hand into it. She did a magnificent job of a provoking and being a provocateur
And they reacted like a bunch of idiots and they know everybody feels for him even though he may have been a jackass
You know in a goofball. I find the whole thing funny
Yeah, most of music that's right
Because he was making a mockery of something. I'm glad he did it. I'm glad they taste them. I still don't know. I'm glad for all of it. Right
I'm glad for a hall of aah. It was good fun. That's right. Troph on hall of aah is really good
Not that diet hall of aah. Oh boy. You talk about making a wild run to the magic room
And you know who that was that was your accountant your your from orthodox duo accountant that gave me that
Sugar free a diet hall of aah to panther game that tour. Oh
brother
You talk about a gigantic explosion. Wow. I'm sorry Joyce
Like I said, you talk about a gigantic Joyce
1156 as in Q56 that's how many vote we got on our pool
We're we're thinking like a big number today like what about 45 million votes. Yes, I'm like that
Everybody in America is going to vote on this pool
The best burgers come from or came from if it's a place that's no longer with us
A place that's deceased
Fudruckers 246 Charhot 179
Fudruckers seems to have pretty safe lead
Now there are a lot of Fudruckers in town or my dream. I only knew it before
That's the only one I ever seen
You don't know any other ones. Well, why did you google it? Fudruckers, Florida
Can you handle it? Hey, well, I'm gonna put a lot of pressure on you. You know the food is there
Oh, we're building the party is a tend to drift in that direction. We're dealing with important things right now
Don't be eating with your mouthful. How old?
Charhot 179 they're like 21 67 votes behind when these is in there like I said with triple digits 102
And stake in check 94 in and out 84 white castle 83 and win on 81 after that
It's all the rooties is making a nice move to come from zero to 43 is
staggering shocking
Burger queen the nevanie that's because nobody remembers burger queen only this old queen remembers burger queen
Maybe I made it up. Maybe it was really burger chef the more I think about it burger chef was good
You remember burger chef? Yeah, that was the one the the the one that immediately comes to mind
Way before Fudruckers with a fixins bar. That's what they call it
We got a fixins bar come in you order your burger whatever you like a single double a cheeseburger
What yeah, and then just plain is all they give it to you hold on let us hold the pickles special orders
Don't upset as however that goes but it didn't taste like this Mona Lisa sandwich
I'm sure it didn't
But then again they didn't have Mona Lisa was on the wall
11.58 on the survey boy if we can get up to 1200 by noon. I'm gonna I'm taking the rest of day off
Hahaha, oh. I'm gonna go soak my head in Val voltina
We got that hurricane game today boy. How come you're not talking about the hurry themes
That's what we ought to be talking about is football
Arachite, ink bow!
I mean that's why we're now talking about it. Maybe they're gonna get bombed again like they did by
Oklahoma. So there's only three floodrackers in Florida. Yeah. Miami on 10680
Northwest 19th Street. Wow! One in Wellington,
10880 Forest Hill Boulevard and one in Orlando. Forest Hill Boulevard. I used to live on
Forest Hill Boulevard. 100 years people. And what was the other one in Orlando?
Orlando. It's all about them. They're all a bunch of going anywhere up there. Yeah, they've
used to be, I want to say another three that I knew about that have all been out of business
the last two or three years. Now why do you think that is? They went out of business because
they were shut down like the one in plantation area because don't know. Probably because of you.
Yes, probably my fault. I wasn't bothered to find him enough for not promoting them enough.
floodrackers. I have no problem with them. Just don't butt at a bum when you go there. Just say,
hey don't put it unless you want them to butt at a bum. It's like when you go to Ruth Chris.
You know, they they they broil the stakes in butter. Don't butt at the butt, bro. They'll butt at
high temperatures. So tell them hold the butter when you order the stake of Ruth Chris. If you have
a sensitive stomach and you don't want to be making an immediate run to that room, you know what I mean?
Just tell you. What a pole just came back up very strange on there. 1164 like there was a chunk
of votes that just came in. And of course some of these places wouldn't surprise me. I think
Trump's is the appropriate term for it. That's okay. Our crowd likes food, man. We like to mind
your mind especially. Eating while you're on the air talking with your mom. What is that? My favorite
answer. I'll do it again. Get that world and all bent out of shape. Sorry, let me take a breath.
And fantastic. Ali Joe Bells got the nerve to like send us that email like send it along.
I'm sure he thought it was funny. He thought it was funny. Yeah, he thought it was funny, huh?
Well, he doesn't know what funny is, you know. Oh, yeah, he even knows from funny. He's funny.
Just where do they find him? Where do they dig his fat ass up? I don't know. There were kids.
Carolina. He's under the side of the building. It's oh come on. Greg Reed got
a can't have out of we bring you over here Joe. We'll bring you Joe Bell over to
the place. I did a magazine. John. I don't think anybody does it better.
Nobody does it better than Johnny Joe. He could take a wet dream and turn it into a nightmare.
Be sure to turn this place into the I've earned that in very little time. Over we got Joe Rose
back. Yeah, that how's that working on anybody out there? How many people know about that?
About the third man. How many people know that Joe is back on our station? Morning 7 to 10 a.m.
By the way, nobody does it better. Carly Simon. Right. You're going to talk it up or what?
I don't think so. Too tough and ass-time.
What word do you say? Joe is in the last.
Joe is 456.
2 a.m.
Nick. Fourth.
Later.
This is the CBS evening news with Dan Ruther reporting from CBS News headquarters in New York.
Greening this is Dan Ruther reporting. In shocking news today, this reporter has just
confirmed that President George W. Bush is a raging potter. A gorgeous smoking
re-promade stormer. No, we didn't make it this time. According to recent me or
released hate recordings, made several years ago, President Bush is clearly indicating
that he may have tried marijuana at some time in the past. This startling revolution may explain
his word speech, crystal intelligence, and disappearance from National Guard duty during the Vietnam
era. No, I just can't let that one go, sorry. Not wanting to say I told his own,
this reporter will take the high road and say only.
And that's part of our world. The satisfying, big dude, I hope you're happy now, you stupid
red-state bastards. I'm a man rather reporting for CBS News. I don't want to tell you
to go get a, I get my half of that seven million by the way. I don't want to go. I'm 45 at
QIM and there was more of that article. I'm, you know, Felix the cat there, uh,
saw whatever his name is. He did a fine job in sending him most of the article, but he left off
the first paragraph and then in his email. Because now they fixed it on the Sunsetta website.
I knew, oh man, after I talked about it on there, they fixed it. I think it must be just a
call. They heard it. They heard it. My thing. No. Michael Mayors-Calm, I'll just read the part
that I didn't read before. He said, I tried calling Andrew Meyer a few times on Wednesday.
At first, the voice mail box on his cell phone was full. Later, when I was able to leave a
message, I reminded him that I once awarded him first place in high school journalism contest
for his columns at Sacriss Bay High in Western and hope that given a sudden drill to fame,
he still had time to talk to a little person like me. Finally, with a deadline closing and I
like to disparage plea, don't dis me, bro. But the University of Florida senior is made, don't
tase me, bro, one of the latest instant catchphrase. Didn't call back. And then there's the article that I
read. How do you like that? So thanks to you, Goop balls at the Sunsetta website were finally fixing
that so the world can read what they, and I read it and you know something I got to read it,
and I don't know what the least said. But a beep, but a boop, but about all over the place. When
you say it was like all over the road, okay? Kind of like our format here on QA and not MOR,
middle of the road, not to have an EOR into the road. You know what he said? What? Don't tase me, bro.
Don't talk with your mouthful now. We got 14 minutes until we do the thing here.
So we do the Thursday thing. Traffic jam, the two lane road leading into the tiny town of
Gina early Thursday, as thousands of demonstrators gathered in support of six black teens initially
charged with attempted murder in the beating of a white classmate. The Reverend Al Sharpton,
one of the worst opportunists in the history of the human race, said it could be the beginning
of the 21st century civil rights movement, one that would challenge disparities in the justice system.
You can't have justice needed out based on who you are rather than what you did, Sharpton told
CBS is the early show today, which nobody watches. The six were charged a few months after the
local prosecutor defined the charge three white high school students who hung nooses in a tree
on their high school grounds. Five of the black teens were initially charged with attempted murder,
but that charge was reduced to battery for all but one, whereas yet to be arraigned, the 16 was
charged as a juvenile. This is the most blatant example of disparity in the justice system we see
in Sharpton said you can't have two standards of justice. We didn't bring race in it, those
who hung the nooses brought the race into it. District Attorney Reid Walters breaking the long
public sounds tonight yesterday that racism was involved. He said he didn't prosecute the
students because of hanging the nooses because he could find no Louisiana law under which they could
be charged. I can't overemphasize what a villainous act that was, the people that it should be ashamed
of what they unleashed on this time, Walters said. In the beating case, he said four of the defendants
were of adult age under Louisiana law and the only juvenile charges in adult Michael Bell had a
prior criminal record that's Michael M.Y. CHAL. The case has been portrayed by the news media
as being about race. He said in the fact that it takes place in a small town, a small southern
town lends itself to that portrayal. But it is not never has been about racists about finding
justice for an innocent victim and holding people accountable for their actions. Are we supposed
to do that? Hold black people accountable for their actions too when did that start? I thought
when we had the first O.J. trial, I thought that was like we said, we don't want to do that no more.
The white teen who was beaten just in barker was not unconscious. His face badly swollen and
bloody though he was able to attend a school function later that night. Bell, 16th of the time,
the attack is the only one of the genus, six to be tried so far. He was convicted on an
aggravated secondary battery count that could have sent him to prison for 15 years. But the
conviction was over turn last week when the state appeals court said he should not have been
tried as an adult. Today's protests had been planned to coincide with Bell sentencing,
but organizers decided to press ahead even after the conviction was thrown out. Bell remains in jail
while prosecute is preparing to appeal his money, unable to meet the $90,000 bond. But I'm sure
that we can handle it. Durg and Chris will get it together. We have all family members about the
age of these guys. We said it could have been one of them. We wanted to try to do something
said, Angela Merrick 36 of Atlanta, who drove with three friends from Atlanta to protest the
treatment of the genus six. The rally was heavily promoted on black websites, blogs, radio
publications, but you do understand it was an erasial thing. Students came from schools across the
region including historically black colleges like Morehouse College, Spellman College, Clark Atlanta
University Howard University, Hampton University, and Southern University. Tina Cheed and missed
the civil rights marches at Selma Montgomery Little Rock, but she had no intention of missing
another brush with history. The 24-year-old Georgia Southern University graduate drove all
lights to reach tiny Gina in central Louisiana. It was a good chance to be part of something
historic since I wasn't around for the civil rights movement. She said this is kind of the 21st
century version of it. Others supported the effort but were that it could have ruled race
relations in Gina even further. I don't think it will cause any major confrontation said Odec
to Hickman 72, but there probably going to be some friendships lost. 3500 residents and in
Gina some residents now worry about safety. Who tells her book this far away is Naches Mississippi
to a Alexandra Luziana. Naches Mississippi. Wow, Everbeen Air.
What? Red Cross Officials, man, First Aid, Station Data Local Court House had water
and snacks on hand, portable toilets and flashing street signs to aid in traffic congestion
were in place. Wow, I have a whole big stimulus, a big to do. Oh, there's that kid again
on CNN that he put that on the right and middle of your lunch. Oh, I was about to change it back
when you said that. I'm glad you said which kid it was. Kirk says check a website called tshirthell.com.
That's a good place. They have shirts like don't taste me bro. Barry Bond takes it in the
racked home steroids and in the coal shirts, Obama shirts and it says sorry some of my
sproving is wrong. No problem Kirk. Thanks for the memories. Oh brother look at that. Andy
and Howard. Oh, just died. He and also his boyfriend. That's right. He's sitting there
hand in hand. What a boring show. Yeah, because we don't have Andy on the phone and his
buddy his boyfriend Greg from Port St. Lucy. Oh, how can I continue? How very, very sad.
And they're saying, he's talking about us again. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, and I'm sure that busy
tickling each other's fans in other lives complete. That's correct. They're fancy what?
Goods. So, what an 84 we got. 1184. We're only 16 away from 1200. But boy, what a boring show.
And that's because I'm mailing it in. If we just had those real nifty calls, we could open up that
phone. Yeah. To Andy and Greg and Greg and Andy and Shamba knows that crowd of misfits.
Why not just get a big, a nice big extra large t-shirt and drape it over your body and your ass that
says, I'm a misfit. In other words, I have no life. That's what they ought to be doing. Have
like a big billboard with an arrow pointing to them. We have no life and the neos are life. Even
the way he hates us like poison, which is we would croak. Every once in a while, Greg tries to
get back into my space thing. He tries to get on there and it's not going to happen. Ain't
going to work. And just guess who else tried to get on there again disguised as somebody the other
day? Al Rogers again. Oh boy. Yeah, you draw them in, don't you? Oh, yeah, you pull them. I
am a maggot magnet, both on the air and off the air. I am a maggot magnet. Make no mistake about it.
I make sure I got a lot of maggots in Mexico, wouldn't you think? I imagine. Of all varieties.
11, let's see. Are we going to make 1200 by the top of the air? That'd be really something.
Then plus we got the restaurant deal with lefties coming to the top of the air and you guys are
eating all that great food. What was that sandwich you said again? It was a Mona Lisa, which was
like a fried chicken, filet, breast, breaded with arugula and mozzarella, roasted bread peppers.
Red what kind of peppers? Shabbat of red. I don't know what we can say that on the air.
Not again. I'm sure in Georgia, I'm going to grab a sandwich and they've went like hot,
they brought like a giant tray of them and they last in like 30 seconds. Excellent. They're still there.
Yeah, yeah. Well, thanks a lot guys. They're legal. I can't enjoy any of it, but then again,
I don't need it, you know. We're going to go in China, Duff Dose, Xavier, Locke and Co. I just don't
need them. We're going to go smokeable to revise break. Are you really? Well, I'm going to start
doing drugs. Heavy. In fact, I think I'll take tomorrow off. Oh, I can't do it. You know,
actually, I would do that. No. No, what? You're not allowed to. Well, you have ratings coming
tomorrow morning at 10. Maybe I'll leave at 10.30. No. In fact, if they're, but I think they're going to
be, maybe we'll all be leaving about 10.15. Not Chris though. Hey, you're in. I'm sure they like
you a lot. That's why you're working 20 hours today. 11.91 on our burger survey. Boy,
I guarantee you Brandon is he's rubbing his highlights together right now. He's so excited about
his burger. Although it's not going over as big. What was the one we had for it? Oh, that was the
OJ one. Remember, we had 14. I'm hearing the show. We're not going to do that today. I don't think.
Are we? Be positive. Like I said, 13 would be a nice number. The best burgers come from
Fod Rockers 250. Char Hot 185. Well, it's pretty much about the way it has been all the way along.
Wendy's 103. But I got no complaint with Wendy's other than it's the drive-through of some of
their employees tend to be a little on the side. You know what I mean by that? In fact, I'm
discovering that just about anywhere you go, including here that like when you go into retail
stores and like in the malls and stuff like that, they have a bunch of dumb kids who have no idea
what it is that they're doing and who don't really care or getting paid minimum wage, who don't
want to give you any service or it's kind of like you're bothering them and they're whole, they're
whole day consistent. Hey, bro, what time's the lunch break? What time you're going to, who are you going
out with tonight crap like that? And like you're interrupting this. I mean, they're having a good
time and you're like expecting it weighted on. You want service? And like even in some of those
stores I was telling you about those over-priced stores like Abercrombie and Bitch, right? The punks
that work in those places and oh my god, they all the stuff you have to go through every cycle into
the bank, every transactions like a major like a government transaction. That's how my bank is
here. Oh, here's the menu by the way. Here's today's specials from Luck these.
Pasta Fajol. Oh, Pasta Fajolini, excuse me, that's like little tiny of Pasta's. Pasta Fagolini.
Of sausage appetizers, mild Italian sausage, broccoli, a rame and garlic and oil,
a finished and light spicy marinara, crab cakes, beef carpaccio, St. Louis ribs, babyback ribs,
or like Ron Popeel on that spot. Babyback ribs, never see that the informational I'm sure you don't
want to. I want my babyback. Babyback ribs, group of French, sausage onions and peppers pasta.
Oh, that sounds really good. Did they bring that? I want it. Yeah, I can't eat it, but I want it.
It's great. Can I have all this grilled half chicken and pan roasted filet menu on where
yesterday's specials? So we're going to be opening that baby up in about four minutes.
Luck these we got $150 certificates for $25 on wqn.com. I'd get poised to get on there right now.
Wouldn't you be poised? Yeah, I'm poised right now.
I'm a Russian lady and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Roque Amunista Hour.
Say, guys!
You're fair.
They do like coffee that's got other guys.
Are usually kindness from what they realize.
They want their dogs in a happily lit light.
It isn't yellow, Jonstra.
What's like it's wonderful to feel their beer.
By talking about sports while drinking a beer.
They desire a course to be a sub.
This is queer horse of yellow, Jonstra.
Yellow, Jonstra.
Yellow, Jonstra.
We're what's new here.
Sports all day.
Yellow, Jonstra.
Yellow, Jonstra.
The baddest thing here is something I have lead in.
Anyone who wants to hear your sports will sink in day.
History, the title of the rule.
School, the Shower's free.
Yellow, Jonstra.
They have also dogs that's what a gay made place.
And somebody's kid with the furry canes.
You talk about it all the time and make you a bagged.
I'm afraid you like yellow, Jonstra.
Shurding and burning out, warning shows.
No interest in learning how radio.
Just the sausage party for a musical host.
Who like yellow, Jonstra.
Yellow, Jonstra.
Yellow, Jonstra.
Sports host is these who all end out.
Yellow, Jonstra.
Yellow, Jonstra.
They're on your mind.
To see in your mouth.
Sports, sports, sports.
Sports, sports, sports.
Sports all day.
Passion cat.
Sports all day.
Mexico.
Sports all day.
Mexico cat.
And don't forget starting at 3.30 this afternoon,
Mara cat, freaking bloke.
It's cane's droppings for hours, and hours, and just forever.
Hey, more than you can handle, yes?
Don't be saying I like that. Oh, we have to check our thing by the way. We're got a 52
I'm WQM dot com. Yes sir. Well, we'd be doing better than that if I would remember to look at it because when I look at it
I give it the evil eye and all of a sudden they just
Topped them up like crazy. That was that what it is. Oh now. What is that beat Dan?
Marino is above my thing. Yeah, I know. Well, who are you Danny boy? What the hell is that?
I think we need to beat up Josh Cortes beat Dan. My ass nice going Cortes
It's the last check you're getting from me. No wonder he's not here today
52 left out about 51
They're not going as fast and I don't understand why cuz you were raving about how great the food to lift these ones. Oh, it's great food
And we're talking about food today about burgers and everybody ought to be there
Aptota be whipped up to a frenzy, but they're not going in the huge chunks like the usual video
I'm refreshing and clicking over and over again. It's still says 51
From any out of 100
Well, it took 18 minutes to sell the last time we had a hundred
Yeah, so we're doing pretty good here. We are yeah, no, we're not
Nothing that's happening on there, baby nothing that's happening. I'm your boyfriend that thing over and over and over again
Clicking it. I'm twisting it. I'm yanking it. I'm
Nothing's happening still says 51. That's not a good sign man. Not a good sign
49 see 49 calm down 49 my ass. Are you a crazy person or what? Yes?
Yeah, you're right 49 still a lot. That's still like almost half our left
They're supposed to go like like that
Bush's cabinet is going off script and interview with the earth times commons David Brooks yesterday
Defense secretary Ron Robert Gates was asked if the Rack war was worth it his
Response if I had known then what I know now would I have done the same? I think the answer is I don't know
Oh, it sounds like a fat as Johnny Joe. I don't know what to say
I don't know what to tell you Neil. I don't want to tell you what you want for me anyway. You want like real radio?
Yeah, this thing is slowed down to a crawl. This is not a good sign
Maybe they're hung up. What do you mean by that?
Or maybe they can't find where to click on there because Danny marino because Josh Portis stuck Danny marino above our thing to click on there
Maybe that's it. You think that's it. It's good excuse
blame Danny boy
It's got those fancy. I mean, how can you not see there? Where's got my every person? It says open now
It's got all those colorful, you know multi colored
Yeah, oh, you know what I'm clicking on it and it's not working again
I went back to that and I'm broken on it. It's not working
So I guess you have to go away over on the right and now it's like real small and that's why they're not doing it because you got to go
Way down on the right there to find the damn thing to get on it
I don't know what you do that it changes because it always comes up in the same place for me
That changes what the placement of it you said like you know, it's not working on it when you click the left hand side
That's correct something you're doing right on the right there used to be a big
Like a bumper sticker thing there with it and now it's like a little teeny tiny. It's way on down about halfway down you got a scroll way down
And there's saw grants for it and then there's some other thing under that and then there's that little thing again
Which it works. I mean you click it right away, but who does gonna find that and now there's 47 correct?
So this one is down intentionally I think by
Pots getting around putting Dan Marina will above me. I tell you one thing. It's a cold day in hell
When Danny boy is gonna be above me in any way in any sense you sure positive or he's too old to you
Now that's right. He was always too old for me and too ugly those lips. Oh my god
Anyway, it says a Brooks column says after the speech I asked Robert Gates about best ways to spread democracy
We have a variety of tools. He said not all of them are hammers Ronald Reagan deployed more of the array than many he said
Reagan used forceful rhetoric but also small displays of force shooting down Libby and Jester with a Gulf of Cybria to demonstrate American resolve
I don't think you invade a wreck to bring liberty you do it to eliminate an unstable regime because
Sanctions are breaking down and you get liberty as a vi-product to continue
I asked him whether invading a wreck was a good idea knowing what we know now
He looked at me for a bit and said I don't know I don't know I don't know yeah, I like that
I don't know Robert Gates and his brother V Gates
This is really a terrifying 40
Oh, he just went back up to 48. I know is that possible
You know that people get rejected deadbeats
48
48 yet, that's so great. I don't think we're gonna sell them out. I think we're gonna do like the stewbots today
It'll all know never and and of course on the on the eve of tomorrow's big ratings party
This is not a good sign
It's enough to make you just want to put your head in your hands and cry like an infant
Which I've been doing plenty of that
45 now we're starting to make a little bit of a move to find the kitchen on
Many voters undercut it about 2008
Just off the quaint town square of pizza shop owner and an employee took a break to banter about politics one recent late summer day
They didn't always agree but like many others found common ground on the preference for president no one yet
I'm turned off Chad Verstieg 42 a Republican who runs the pizza restaurant pizza ranch
He lamended the mud slinging by both parties and said I don't look forward to this election
I'll tell you I do any emotions because he's gonna be gone. Oh
And it fellal conservative Joe Ruish 36. I haven't followed enough to even come close to picking who to support
For all the time and money the candidates invested large number of voters in each party remain
I'm committed to run willing to change their or willing to change their minds for must before voting begins and
More Republicans fall in that category than Democrats the difference reflects the wide open GOP race
There are several strong contenders who need Julianne for Thompson mid Romney and John McCain
But none's emerged as a consensus of the dispirited Republican establishment
Conversely the Democratic field is more settled
Swooleries got a size of a lead over the most formidable challengers Barack Obama and John and Woods
Democratic voters have indicated they're relatively comfortable with their choices. Thus more picked somebody to back
It's still all very fluid relatively few people have focused a lot on this people aren't fully committed yet
Said Andrew Kohat a nonpartisan poster and director of the Pew Research Center
Generally most people are gonna make up their mind in the month of the primary and some people make up their mind in the final days
How are we doing on this baby any progress at all?
43 really slow
Let's go people. Let's get these things sold
43 and then keep in mind these are cheapies. These are 50 dollars to the forgets for 25 bucks. We've already sold
57 of them so
Well, what does that mean normally?
50
No, we've had 100 on there like you know big chunks baby. They go in chunks
Well, I think 75 to 50 to 31 to 17 to 6 to 5 to 2 to 1 to 0 like that
Just like the numbers on QA under John a fat ass Jolly Joe Bell thought you're fault
41 so that said
But you know what I'll check back with it like we used to say when we're on SU and check back with us later
We might have something you want to hear on the year check back with us later remember those promos. No
I'm not talking to George. You are
Let's remember the WS you in things with Tom Delvita check back with us later. We have
Some other show on it. You're like this piece of crap. You might check back with us
Now the good news is we have provident 19 votes. Maybe that's the problem. They're all busy as hell voting on our pool about the best
Burger in town now we're in the past fun Rutgers 250
Charhut 189 when these 106 stake-in quake 98 in and out 88
White castle 88 Arnold's Royal Castle 84 and after that Rudy's is up to 46
Remember Rudy Kazoo
No, you don't remember Rudy Kazoo
Well, you're not no
40 were selling these by the ones on that thing. I'm getting too depressed looking bad
I'll leave that in Chris's capable of fat hands. Okay. Can you handle it? I think so not a 40
That means we sold 60 those what he would say which I don't know what that means. So what's that supposed to prove?
It means we sold 60 old man
No, see I call him that because I've been with him a long time. Oh that would have how do you rate?
Well, he just keeps telling me to call you old man. I don't like to say does he really yeah, do I?
When you guys have a nice food fight during the break
We'd better be like we're dwindling down to a precious few on those certificates
Because that's just a shot in mind then that's like a kick in a back-to-ass 38
Did Sports
voor
Guys
Oh the half bullet
The gym
He's President of the
Republican Muscle
and in Archive and
Idiot I don't know why they
want this guy but
no he's here first person
next four years with President
of the
Republican
I don't know what I
can do
God both wants more
and get me
we all voted for
one
if you want this
don't come
from this drumming stupid
me
don't come home
mind this drum
get rich kid
don't go easy
then
don't go easy then
please
President of the
Republican
yeah don't care what it
is
you got them in by hooker
roll the christian
roll it
knows what does you
and I
but you don't go fear
we've got a great leader
with President of the
Republican
we've got a great leader
take a piece of
dance we've got
thirty two certificates
for left hand
and the thing still
doesn't work that
icon still has one on the
left doesn't work for you
yeah works for me
I guess inside the building
if you're inside the
you can see a
QM building in my work
outside the building
forget about it
we're down to thirty one
and there's one
bogus one
so that's back up to thirty
two
you don't find this shocking
and dismay
of course we do have twice as
many as usual you know
you're just parroting that
because he said that there's
something you're off your
rocker there's been several
weeks where we've had a hundred
fifty's
okay that's okay if they don't
want all of them
all come on down there and use them all
that's right and then
the gold one coming what
they're going we're down to thirty
one
that means you sold sixty
nine but don't say it because
Joyce will get upset if you say
that
well see you're not you're not on top of this
every week like I am I
refresh it and I keep watching in fact
during the thirty break
thirty
thirty man well now I feel so much
better
Osama bin Laden will release a new
message today declaring war on
Pakistani president pervert Moussier
Al-Qaeda announced today
the announcement of the upcoming
message came as Al-Qaeda released a new
video which bin Laden's deputy I'm in the
prime in al-Zawari
both of us was being defeated in Afghanistan
Iraq and other places
officials in Pakistan confirmed today
that Moussier is also Pakistan's
military chief would seek a second
five year term as president
speakers in the video promised more
fighting in Afghanistan
North Africa and Sudan's Darfur region
the messages are part of a
stepped up propaganda campaign by al-Qaeda
around the anniversary of the nine-loving
attacks against the World Trade Center
in the Pentagon earlier this month
been released two messages including his
first new appearance in a video in nearly
three years with a really dark beard
and with that pancake make-up
no doubt from his own personal
private studio somewhere in France
where you know the French they never
met it's herestated in life it's always been that way
we got thirty
on theewarges.com
I mean on wqm.com I don't know where it is
this is our 14th week doing this
yes this is only the fourth time we've had
50 no we have a hundred so you don't even know how many we've got you
just you're just making sounds with your mouth
mama mama yeah and you call me the old man
and you're so you're choking on fat so bad that you don't even know
maybe the fourth time we've had to do a hundred
so yeah we're doing very well no we're not
we're not doing very well where it's weak and there's still
thirty on there don't you understand by now they ought to be verifying and ought to say
sold out and we're checking it out and the
seeing who's naughty and nice and see how many deadbeats we got out there
but it's still stuck on- but third man not good so you can you can you're a
rationalizer that's what you are
you're just rationalizing and tomorrow morning you'll see what I'm telling you
man you're going to be you will be weeping like a baby like an infant
that's just because of all the hours I'm working
yeah you'll be weeping about that so he never
did anything about that he never alleviated the
situation currents that you're working four hundred hours today well I've got a
rob doing the uh... manage show who that is rob rob walker who's that he's one
of our esteemed producers robberdw walker yes and he's the guy that I work
with on the hurricanes uh... pregame post game and game and then so once we get
into the game we'll do like we normally do and uh... he runs it for about three
hours and I run the game and then he does post game
still stuck on thirty on there I have a feeling this is going to be a
good situation never if we have certificates left when I leave here at two
o'clock today I'm taking a few weeks off to be evaluate my life
a banner posted on an Islamic militant website today advertised that another
message would be released although it didn't say what had been law would appear in
the video or speak in an audio tape or what language he would be speaking in
et cetera all these things soon god willing come to g-hide from shiko some of
in lot and god protect in the banner reads urgent al-Qaeda
declares war on the tyrant pervert misharif and his apostate army in the
words of a son of the law that read
did did did did did did did that's right that's what they're saying you got it
that's what they're saying just like our uh... general manager what we got to do
Joe and that's that's his response
i don't know what to tell you the other what's that oh twenty nine now there's
another one we're selling by the ones
as opposed to usually the way it goes in chunks
i don't think you'd be good enough job reading about how great the food was twenty
seven all that's because i had my mouth full of it well it's maybe they couldn't
understand were you were about that sandwiched about all the other good stuff
twenty seven more gun hour and thirty eight minutes but who's who's counting you know
the officials in the u.k. have denied Iranian president machimood off
medina job his request to visit the state of the destroyed world trade center
next week a police spokesman say yesterday we don't want to offer dinner
job in new york twenty seven i just got through same twenty seven
so i just said you didn't your cash in it from fatso over there man starting to
affect your mind i think i'm a great i'm a great be the twenty four
vantiquatro wow this is great it's a challenge this week which is unusual
now let's see it's the twenty eighths of old ad explains the twentyth of
september it must be some kind of a it's a ramaid on oh yeah the controversial
outspoken president of mdina job wanted to pay his respects and lay a
wreath of the set of the two thousand one outcry to attack during his visit to the
ungeneral assembly police commissioner Raymond Kelly said setting a
union officials i want to the orthodox jews would have done in the
iris only by the way three million jews in the york not all orthodox of course
thank god but nevertheless if off medina job was there in the
the side of the world trade center at ground zero
but workers are rebuilding the foundations of the set it wouldn't be possible
from to go where other people don't go kelly told cnn
Iranian officials have not put in any additional request of his visit public
platforms at ground zero police spokesman Paul brown told cnn but he said if
there were further requests we'd rejected because of security fears they'd
kill his already spot a slimy ass the raining mission to the wind said it
hadn't been told of the decision but on a statement issued one's the evening
called the rejection unfortunate off my new jobs for apprentices at the time
when i'd love an attack Mohammed Katami condemned them and take ran to
operate with u.s. left campaign to topple al-Qaeda's Taliban allies and
Afghanistan and followed the u.s. considers the randestates sponsor of
terrorism is accused the country of meddling in a raccoon Afghanistan where
u.s. troops are battling Taliban and al-Qaeda remnants more than six
years after nine-leban attacks there wasn't a lot of time to interact before
the arachitech i just thought i mentioned it again there was no al-Qaeda
in Iraq before the arachitech i just thought i mentioned that again
so it was an end again why you hit america what do you try to say
trying to say we got 24 left here on this thing
i'm trying to say i'm really disappointed in this audience man put some
quality food out there to very very modest
25 bucks for a $50 certificate in fact they all ought to be buying up the
three four you can buy up to five if they would buy five a piece we could do
this in about one minute do it in a handful of seconds
and now there's 24
pop refuses to meet khan elisa and you wonder why you probably heard that
song used to play uh... which i think will play tomorrow in the ratings come
out excellent i don't think that's a good idea i think it's a point
yeah khan elisa khan elisa let's play it
Pope Benedict XVI the Nazi pop refused to meet u.s secretary state khan elisa
rice in august saying he was on a holiday in an Italian newspaper reported
Wednesday rice made it known to the Vatican she absolutely had to meet the
Pope to boost your diplomatic credit ahead of the trip to the
Middle East a coriander lecester daily reported without citing its sources
she had to meet the pope she's just dying to find out where he gets that
dress she was hoping to meet the pot of it as some residents of castel gondolful
beginning the big and the beginning of august the purpose on holiday was the
official response they blew her off it said to be quite illustrated that
divergence of you between the Vatican the White House about the initiatives of
the bush administration in the Middle East the newspaper said the pope had
rejected all meetings with political representatives during august and it's
august though baby the Italians they all uh... van elusin august
shows you how dumb you're dealing with a bunch of dumb goi and running the
government in the u.s. what do they know about italy huh august nobody's there
u.s. ambassador to Vatican francis really said relations between martian and the
holy sea were close see since the beginning of formal diplomatic relations
in nineteen eighty four the west and the holy sea have enjoyed a high level
of white array of issues but we don't want to see no kind of lisa that's what
it said in the coriander de la sada
how we doing on there still stuck on twenty four
twenty two see you're not even paying any attention for christ's
you could be giving me a big boost in confidence here
a lot of pot never boils that's what i was told you could yeah by a boil this
slip your head and stick your head in for about a half an hour and see if it
reaches a nice boil
twenty two twenty dose and it's on his old jay coming back to florida on cnn just
what we need
no one can
bring the box to the
the
leader
today on tmc
jimadas newhamid
and del all called breaking a prostitute
and he said that if she continues doing what she's doing she can be stoned
these two uh prostitutes will keep doing what they will do we can stoned them
but wait there's more britney what would make terrorists think that you're a prostitute
i did it with my dad that's it was not my drive we're country okay
did you know that they want to ston you i've experienced in
in parties but never what that i could never do something like that what i've been
around people and i've gotten the high off of it no not stoned is in high
stoned is in pro rocks at you for being so stupid
now today on tmc
okay twelve thirty two and five six and have it to reboot my computer i have a
issue here on it oh yeah i'm having a reboot and so how are we doing i had twenty one
seventeen wait refreshing
yeah seventeen we have seventeen to go and that's not so bad we're getting all
been out of shape of our i know Chris so yeah i know impatient Chris what's wrong with it
that's how fat people are what can i say very temperamental and impatient
author of tays all this is a great for last
that's the book that he had in this hand by the way the book and your my
question to his hands moments before being swarmed and eventually tazed by
police a mysterious yellow book reported the Washington post isn't so
mysterious after all it's the latest from bbc investigative reporter author
great to last
how do you like that mm-hmm i'm just trying to see if i can get back
on our site again here get it back up i'm having bad i'm trying to get it back up again
foreign issues oh there we go i think it's going to work thank god
you're just mailing it in there you're mailing it in you're not full of anybody now
you're mailing it in you bastard you old bastard
okay now let's see if i can get our thing on there now i haven't had the difficulty
is getting a qm dot com up maybe that's the problem maybe maybe it's getting
swarmed on you think not well i'll have Chris keep his eye on it
70 right on it 17 17 still
but we have 255 votes on our poll on our burger poll which is not so bad anyway
getting back to great plast about 11 people called me after it happened
plastel roster than i saw the full clip on youtube
plast book armed madhouse from bagged out to New Orleans sorted secrets and
strange tales of a white house going wild was the basis for maris comments to
senator john kerry who've been feeling student questions in a format the
university of florida at f you i'm video mark to be heard telling kerry like to
recommend the book to him it's called our bad house by great plastel student
said he's the top investigative journalist in america i've already read a
career apply as marwin on the repeat conclusions from plast book which
contains kerry actually one the two thousand four presidential election
which anybody with a half a brain already knows
and
i'm getting my computer straight out here so don't worry about
well
what's the latin
oh okay
uh...
uh...
or more but now i think i'm going to be on wqm dot com
see part of the problem is in spite of what christian cuz he was stubborn fat
i'm clicking on that thing all night did work this time so not a thing is
work the code working the coast is clear
let's go still say seventeen
correct but that's always a good excuse because the other little banner thing for
the uh...
meal deals is way down in the middits you were they stuck it out in little teeny
tiny need like the magnum vision reading glasses to see it
and i'm sure that's no coincidence or accident i was duck i'd go into the
josh cordis have you ever come back and just really stick it to him i'll
work and i'm sure in his case
yes like to third the way down the page
yeah and it's small tiny used to be by twice that size
you know i'm not that
yeah i guess they said you know your ratings are good enough to shrink it
right yeah everything on this stage everything shrinking believe you mean
anyway what my was referring to a corner plus was a chapter in the book called
carry one now get over it in which he says millions of votes quite constantly
two thousand four-lifetime were discarded not counted or prevented from being
cast in the first place a fact the author says has special relevance to the
low cal of myers arrest there's an entire dimension here that's not
being covered plus to the controversy the interesting thing to me is a
journalist is at the myers instant occurred in the land to a county florida
one of the worst places in the country for black voters
addressing carry before he's taken away where officers myers sites reports
presumably from police book about this in front chance i would disenfranchise
the reporters in florida oh i don't have any of my mouthful
they were deliberately disenfranchising voters polis set of a lie to the
county home to gainsville's university of florida f.u.
gainsville is horrendous he said and i'm sure more ways than just one
calming the area the center of the attack on a black voter polis pointed to a
two thousand one article that he wrote in the nation which details what he says
were efforts under republican leds state government to purge voting rules of
felons who were convicted in other states eligible voters under florida law
almost half of which may be black according to statistics in the piece
it's one ugly place to apply to also rather than the police's actions in the
myer case palen comparison to intimidation techniques used by authorities
against minority voters during elections as for the tazer admire the office as
he sympathizes i must admit i feel some appreciation for myer he writes at his
website especially because even on him it being shot with untold arms of
electricity i thought he was handcuffed he wouldn't let go of his
mysterious yellow book he was just screaming how how how like that
class that he'd like to speak to the students contact my lawyer to arrange a
conversation his lawyer maybe i'll go down and cover the trial he added dead
seriously our good buddy great-grandson writes some really good crap he's the
best that's why most of his stuff has to be published in britain because the
mainstream media in this country they don't want to touch it because it's too
close to the truth and you know what they feel you can't handle the truth isn't
the way it goes that's what they say
seventeen still on there still fifteen well why don't you tell me that i just
changed thirteen thirteen see now it's getting down to just a few left now they're
going to start getting nervous i am the price doesn't change this isn't like
eBay okay right it's not like an auction or something like the price doesn't
change these are fifty dollars to give you a year's for twenty five bucks
and that's the way it it just is it's not going to change if there's ten left or
there's ninety left whatever the deal is that's the deal
shlameo shlameo shmero
high-non-smarty make you pick okay from hundred and sixty two both there we go
with the numbers again for the numbers guy i'm mailin in india pali i'm going to
put a novel open stick it right in the old shoot
u.s. caused more deaths in a rakton santa hussain says anti-war tribe you know how
do you like that sounds like a much economy pinco
proper gander to me in proper gander yeah the world tribunal on a rakt the wti
grouping of ngeos intellectuals and writers opposed to the war in a rakt
accuse the u.s. of causing more deaths in a rakton outstead president santa
mwhusain with two wars in thirteen years of criminal sanctions the u.s. have
been responsible for more deaths in a rakton santa larry ever said
journalists told hundreds of antivacabas get an istanbul
can you imagine how it must smell an istanbul
well why i don't know just i get that feeling i i i never been there so maybe
it smells like lilacs found it in two thousand three to wti's model on the
nineteen sixties russle five you don't create it by the
british philosopher Bertrand Russell that he announced the word vietnam it's
held about twenty sessions so far in different locations around the world
a symbolic verdict was to be handed down on monday by the fourteen jurors of
conscience including the militant indian novelist
our own dot he roi winner of the ninety seven booker prize for the god of small
things
yeah i'm thinking about uh... small things have a god you know sure
the tribunal has for the past years been gathering what it says is evidence that
the war launched in march two thousand trade outsthatem was illegal is also
been gathering evidence of exactions allegedly committed by coalition
troops
it's verdict on monday after final session is expected to condemn both the u.s.
and britain roi told the gathering here the evidence
collated this tribunal should be used by the international criminal court
who's your decision the u.s. does not recognize the trias war criminals
George bush tony blare john howard silvia brilisconi and all his government
officials army generals and corporates the usal participated in this war
and i've been a bit from it all these books all these go and far bison
that's what they said you think it's falling on deaf ears of you picture because
we're worried about oh j baby oh j and britain and uh... and the colon all their
stuff important crap not important crap like with a lot of dead people in
murder and bloodshed and robbery in the february on a grand scale
we're interested in sportsman robinia what do they stand around the joint
there about oj i have no idea i don't know what the people is back up on the
wall we're going to hire back the water Nazis and we have like a
another monument to oj there he wouldn't build an oj statue in front of the
building that's a good job put jolly joe in charge of giving something to do
from hundred and sixty five and a pole jobs you're going to make fourteen
who
the best
the largest 40
40
qa m
nix
four
later
in florida
absolutely
only got four left okay what do you know excited about
you guys just come down
we don't enjoy make a
in the
they got the best
that you ever seen
has anybody in that
they were
they tell you this country where the gun
j
rasslaman has some he want to sell
and from a mile away you can detect the smell of
sport
sport
he like
of
the split and
smoke
and
smoke
smoke
and
the
gun
j
r
and
you
can carry lots of
in the gun
smoke every day until
you're
with all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign
state
american
jordas come here and say
got nothing like this in the US
they smoke
smoke
and
they like
of the split and
they begin to
come and
smoke
and
they
can be good
i'm not
telling us on you are a rasslaman
you like to smoke the giant
slip whenever you can
then people coming here for miles around
to buy the earth from you
buy the ounce of dick
rasslaman
say to her, am i you right
they can be good
and then they smoke
smoke
and just smoke
they like
of the split and
smoke
and just smoke
smoke
smoke
smoke
they can be good
they can be good
yam
pro 47 and 5 60
wqa and happy Thursday
we got three certificates left for lefties
left for lefties from lefties
around lefties in line lefties
three out of a hundred i guess that's not so bad
because it's not even one o'clock yet
right so we can all be out of shape before we're excited about christ
out of there
just that latino temperman
i must be
if you eat some more of that food you probably come down to i know works for me
jesus court painting survives acl you attack how do you like that
a disputed portrait of jesus or main ethys
slide del city court house in lousiana after a federal judge refused to
grand a demand by the acl you to have the pain you move by the way christ
out you keep your eye on those three okay let's go and we're down to well
i have a feeling we're going to sell them all out we don't want to do
us two guys no worries
and leave up there on the website for days and weeks on it always still have
thirty eight left from two weeks ago it wouldn't have to be something
if they got such a gigantic audience over there in the afternoon why can't they
even sell out their certificates
huh because no one's listening and that must be it they must get a lot of wire diaries
over there across the street joe you idiot you're fairy
the court today recognize that the first amendment allows public officials
and not the acl you to determine what's appropriate for acknowledging our nation's legal and cultural heritage
said mike johnson senior legal counsel for the christian legal group of alliance
defense fund in a statement front it that's not mike johnson the hockey player by the way
former leaf the acl you soul and stated objective in this case was
that the jesus painting removed but the constitution is not for it but public
buildings from memorializing great figures from our history
is jesus a great figure from our history
from our mythology wow the jesus portrait which has been on display in the court house
for more than a decade had spread the acl you to file a lawsuit
claiming that the display violated the separation of church and state in response to the city
of slide l mounted initial portraits of fifteen of the history's prominent
loggers alongside the jesus painting the frame portrait and on august 31
included those of confucius and mirabi moses charlamin and sir William blackstone
alongside the sixteen famed portraits framed famed portraits are reproduction
the west constitution amount of explanation the various figures in the paintings
however the added prints did not appease the acl you which refused to drop the
case it's sad we've reached the point where such images have to be
defended adf johnson said the ruling today is believed to be the first ever federal court decision
to specifically be viewed up hold as constitutional an image of another
adult jesus on public display how about the baby jesus
what about me how about the baby the baby is sick the baby
while such images not religious symbols are common in public buildings throughout the west
not have been challenged in this manner before we had it
judge i've been a little melon friday ruled against the acl you instead of the only
remaining issue to be resolved is attorneys fees
adf has many times defended communities in southern Louisiana against acl
lawsuits including after her came Katrina when the acl
sued the block of probably funded memorial to storm victims because it included a
cross
like i told you too many goyam baby
now look at this what is this from the california catholic daily
praise could give important testimony in sex abuse case sent for treatment
in canada after an emotional breakdown this is more in a story that we had yesterday
but monsignor year-ell remember that orange diocese former chancellor monsignor
jr. yolho was with former bishop normen mcphirlins who is his point man for
dealing with sex abuse allegations isn't a canadian treatment center and doesn't appear
likely to be returning anytime soon possible setback for the plaintiff in a sex
abuse lawsuit against the diocese in which her else testimony is considered critical
hey father come on help us out father
during a july deposition in the case against the diocese involving
allegations sex abuse by former modern day high school assistant coach who is accused
of oh boy who is accused of inserting his erect penis into a white sock
to perform a sock play for the male students
no why didn't i ever think of that
urella so upset by questions about his handling of sex abuse
that he walked out of his unfinished deposition crying
it was later learned that urella tricked into the south that institute near Toronto
hey father what's that thing in your sock
you're all the pastor of st. Norbert's church in orange
remains on temporary medical leave from the diocese and his attorney prefer
a canissee i wonder he's keen to walley has written the plaintiffs attorneys to
tell me that urella cannot finish his deposition do not understose medical
condition oh no not him too the judge asserted urella specifies
condition but so far he hasn't complied sex abuse victims lawyers have charged
that his chancellor urella was among the diocese and officials who kept priest
in active ministry even after receiving force of their past abuse last fall
urella came under fire when he was considered for renomination of the orange
county human relations commission complaints from abuse victims forced urella
withdraw with draw his name from consideration
how we doing on those three certificates by waste of three seven
oh back up all seven out
well don't have a whole dead piece
so in other words they went through the dealer and now we got seven
okay well we're gonna we're gonna have another hour and eight minutes we'll see
we got seven left there for lefties 25 bucks
during bishop Todd Brown's September 10th
deposition plaintiffs attorney john manley oh yeah there's the manley man
press Brown to reveal what condition urella had to require inpatient treatment
bishop Brown insisted he didn't know what urella was being treated for
well manley asked if urella was being evaluated for childhood childhood
sexual abuse Brown replied I do not know that
Brown's attorney Peter Kellan objected the question is to whether or not
Southam was a pedophile treatment center bishop Brown admitted that although
Southam treated a variety of problems pedophilia was among them pedophilia as can
I feed you a little girl or a little boy
bishop Brown decided to transfer urella Southam at the suggestion of father
Christopher Smith the assistant vickerer frees to had consulted with urella's
doctors and attorney Brown also testified that he had no idea
he wrote because of witness for the upcoming trial nor did he know when he
expected him back count on point it out there were at least four similar
treatment centers available in the u.s.a. the diocese of orange is posted a spin
versus fact sheet on its website which maintains that urella was not sent to Southam
to flee jurisdiction and avoid testimony but that the recommendation place
months senior urella residential treatment facility was made by him and
self his doctors his family and close friends at the diocesan liquor for
frees father Christopher Smith but a week but a week but a bit about
according to the September 19th Orange County Register Hennessy City saw
urella was in the stress late august Hennessy got urella in appointment with the
pre-psychologist who suggested immediate hospitalization on September 18th
but why in Canada yes my understanding Hennessy said is that this facility
treats a variety of conditions but is uniquely qualified a matters involving
clergy members and understands pastoral life oh yeah Hennessy said plenty of
swords have agreed not to require urella to complete the deposition as long as
they could use what he said in the position for a 2001 molestation case
during a July death and i'm just reading that one sentence again
during a July deposition in the case against the nice season involving
allegations of sex abuse by a former modern day high school assistant coach
who's accused of inserting his direct penis into a white soccer
performance sock play for the male students urella was so upset about questions
about his handling of sex abuse complaints as chancellor he walked out of his
unfinished deposition crying
let's see we ought to play it again play or we're over soon you can play that
colorate a response not out of the way
crying don't do it we did enough music yesterday okay we don't want to get
the trolley be all whipped up again that was great that was the greatest show ever
i was alright but not anymore
well this thing still isn't it sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't
that icon on there on the back of the like every day else
yeah i like everything else at our station we got the seven left seven
certificates and they're just sitting there okay i guess so i guess we must
go on to zero right not that i saw no oh so we just went back up to seven other
was four people change their mind or four people more likely in this crowd are dead
beat like
the best out
you know what i just work like you five sixty q a m
and then sports leader i just break with i like to shake my legs arms and
we're listening the Neil Rogers one or two hours
and
was
ạt
not
I want to do that's good to go to geese
I want to hear you go on the day, but there's no chance at all
So does that make me a sports queen if I want to see him grab the ball?
Absolutely
Oh baby wow
Look at that kid
He's waiting on that boy that gravy
Oh
I've had a huge screen that helps me see his bones
I can do what I want but I ain't gonna never get none
No, the days of a business school. Okay, that's not so great
But I'm also know that it's not me at least until 18
I'm great now
I want some wing
You wait
No man quite like gravy
Oh baby wow
Look at that kid
You wait
No man for like gravy
I want to one at five sixty WNM were making a little progress there were down to six now
I say it's got six left
On the lefty certificates on wqam.com go down on the right side about halfway into all life craft
They got on there in middle of those 85 different spots
And you'll see that little batter with my push on it and then you'll be able to get on there
Because that other thing it it works some sometimes it do and sometimes it don't even though Chris says oh no
It's you Neil. It's your computer. It's your uh, yeah, whatever
It must be a Canadian thing you think
Yeah, thanks up and I must be it
But in any rate we got six left and I'm not gonna get an offset about it. What am I gonna do?
I remember one week when we had a hundred when we carried it right down the last few minutes remember that?
Yeah, no
I do like the last like about eight minutes till one
Till two whatever the hell it was what time do we get done at one o'clock? Okay, see you
Geo pin we got 1290 votes on the pool so 13 is in I'm going for 1350
What do you say Chris 1350 on the burger pool which I'm not paying any attention that because you got me all whipped up about this
Then uh, Neal's deal thing oh well, but we got six left
Six certificates 50 bucks certificates for 25 bucks and we can't sell those out
Jesus got all my jolly joe bell which you've done to me to my life to my life
You've reached any you've torn my kiske's out and he don't even know what that means
That's the problem with Beasley broadcasting too many goyam. That's the problem
In fact if you ask me that's the problem with the world too many religious nuts of all stripes and varieties
Goyam and Jews and farbissana Muslims and not so farbissana and Buddhist and all this other crap
Maharishi my he's yogi bearer all these crazy people but a beep but a boop but about
all this garbage
George has got the answer drugs sure
Let's start beetles. That's what the beetles didn't look what hadn't did for them. Uh, a lot
1294 votes on the pool now that what five we're down to five. Okay, keep your eye peeled on that thing
When we get to zero we're gonna have like a big party in our pants
The best burgers come from fun walkers 268 that's been leading all the way and it's still got a nice solid lead
I would say rock solid
Not to meet the uh vote
char-hut 200
Stake and shake one oh six oh stake and shake and Wendy's are tied for third now at one oh six
What uh where the hell did that come from probably the people who work for stake and shake now?
I like stake and shake it's just that
Uh for a period of time that the burgers was the meat was falling apart
Okay, you know what the one up there on sunrise by the soil grants. No
You know, I don't know that one. No, why not that's not your territory, but it's my territory
I could walk there while I go with Christchurch not from this house for sure
Stake and shake and Wendy's are tied for third one oh six white castle 96
You know, I'm not so sure I have read or white castle. I mean that's so long. I'm gonna have it not all
You sure what I'm sure I have not royal castles all over the place when they used to be down here right and like Wayne Arles
Is mentioned to come back Arnold's will help castle eight five. We hope we pray
Rudy's 46 which Rudy's we put it on there as an afterthought somebody fact didn't thank goodness and we
Raved about how great it wasn't made a big gigantic move and it went up to 40 and then that was it
I guess all the Rudy's people piled on you know piled on
Now is the end of that 46 I thought it was gonna make a
Astronomical movement up there. You know you ever have an astronomical movement
Just this morning. Yeah me too
Checkers slash rallies 38 Burger King 36
Hardies 33 crystal 28
Sonic 24
Mickey D's has got 23
Jack in a box 19 big boy
16
Flanagan's
12
12
Jack's hamburgers 12 never heard of it. What a burger 10
Five guys nine vickin herbs eight fat burger eight and eight and eight
Burger chef seven
Duffy's tavern six burger queen three and hot and now only three
I guess not too many people want to eat with a queen
That's four certificates. We have four now. Okay. Well, so it's slowly but surely you know
We're almost built in the day if we can get those four gone by 130
I'll feel like we've had a major accomplishment here, you know
We don't want to have a stoo got situation because it's really embarrassing and people look at that and they go
Ah
Look at that two weeks later and he's still trying to pedal crap from two weeks ago
Because they don't have enough listeners to sell like all the stuff all out
You know you can make up all the phony baloney crap you want and tell you and and they had like three months of wire
Diaries and they're during the last two years. Oh, where are you? Well, we'll see what happens tomorrow
You know, I should know but I'm a big mouth now
Because like I said, I've got a real sick feeling of the pit of my stomach and a good part of it has to do with those numbers
Coming out 10 o'clock tomorrow morning
What do you what's your take George? What's George think? I think it's going to be better than it has been
Which is saying a lot
You really do yeah dropping off a big May I know and including and still hanging on to a horrendous zoom. I know
Oh, I think it'll be better not great. We're just in the right direction. How's that?
I think it'll be up from the previous threat. Well, okay. I'm figure
All right. Well GOP contender mid Romney is launching a radio ad today
Touting is opposition to game marriage. We talked about this yesterday and here's the radio ad today
Well, I'm not here. It is but here here. It's here
It's alive
Romney has been hit by conservatives for being soft on gay issue gay in the past says he is the only
Major Republican candidate backing a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage
I'm more homophobic than you are. Yeah
Not all Republican candidates agree but defending marriage is the right thing to do
Romney says in the 60-second spot targeting. I was evangelical Christians and meant to send him apart from Fred Thompson
John McCain and Rudy Giuliani in the Iowa caucus race who is the most bigoted of them all
Giuliani takes a different approach in his new Iowa radio spot for training himself as the Republican most likely to win over moderate voters in the general election
Many conservatives are a leery of Giuliani because of his views on gay rights and abortion
Meanwhile
Romney said in an online session that he would have not have to agree politically with any appointees
He would seek to present his Supreme Court
But he'd expect them to be strict legal constructionists in the model of chief justice chief justice John Roberts
Oh, you're right. He listed three other conservative jurists, Clarence token Thomas, Anton Antonin Scalia and Samuel Alito as model appointees to the nation's highest court
In other words, I am an Aussie's what he's trying to say
So all you people that are all whipped up about well Mitt Romney looks so good
And he's got that nice haircut almost as good as John Edwards, but not quite as expensive. Yeah, right
A freaking fascist if there ever was one
And see that when you're Republican. That's what you have to do you have to appeal to the base
So here's that that queen with the vest on again that bolt hit a queen on CNN
Oh, I'm not working and he says the Fed has got to have rules out. Can you tell me what this is all about?
I asked you I keep asking this what what is that all about? There must have been a focus group somewhere that said
Airby show
Has to have one token
silly looking queen and hopefully with a vest on right is that what it's all about must be
Like what is that guy the movie critic Michael musto is that the guy you know who that guy is?
No, oh my god
He huh Michael Mayo
Hold the male Michael musto he makes Charles Nelson right to look like hercules even now
Even the charlie in the box
So how are we doing we still got what for yeah?
Well, that's no good
We still got four certificates left and we got 51 minutes to go. Well, if we don't have this hold by two
I'm gonna go and slink off into the distance and never be seen again and even if we do sell mine I might do that
But what do you think of that you think that's a possibility?
What?
Just you know taking off
Because I'm sure I'm sure a person and you are you know trapped in the situation that you are in life
Uh-huh
Which you're always belly aching about and rightfully so uh-huh
Um, I'm sure you've kind of played it that every minute of every day
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
More and more so lately for me. I just think about what especially this new car coming the next couple of days
Uh-huh. I just hop in that beautiful
Sites and drive off into the sunset sure
Drive off into the solstice
10 past one and five sixty-veh-de-que-way in
Oh, what's the problem officer deploy from the vehicle
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt you will be removed from your car and shot
The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2
The new laws in effect now so click it or be shot
Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders
It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise
curping and fighting
But the annoyance you others so under Patriot Act 2 eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot
It's the law
We like saying that
The law
It's the law
It's the law maybe 1315 we still have four on me that's on the pole 1315. That's not bad
I don't think we're going to make 14 but 1350 is within reach Chris and then they will fear you
No, we're down to one we're down to one
See what we can do that. I can buy myself for Christ's I'm not going to do it because that would be cheating and then they talk about me
Oh Neil Rogers has to buy his own certificates on the 50 50 thing to get over there like that, you know
I don't want that
We're gonna now sharpen arrived in Las Vegas this morning to vote most to support for O.J. Simpson
And raise awareness about racism in the desert
Oh, come on. He's back in China now. He's a sternum all up. He's throwing the pot
And Jesse he's smoking it
When informed O.J. was being served only vanilla pudding for desert and jail
The else spoken sharp and called on all people of color to unify against the bigoted policies rampant in erud regions around the country right
They should be serving in chocolate pudding everybody knows that my guy bill Cosby would be really peered about that
I bet that even jello j.e. yellow
I thought racism was bad in the big city decried the rotund river and but do you know there ain't a damn naturally
Formed what monolith there ain't a damn naturally formed monolith in this whole country named after a brother
Oh everybody
Then quoting from the coasters Charlie Brown. He said why is all why is everybody always picking on me and started to cry
Is he a crazy person or why why is everybody always picking on me and he started to cry the rotund reverend
Oh
He's a sharp and water clown. Oh boy. Now of course they're all in Gina, Louisiana, baby with a banjo underneath
It was under the carpet. We came to pull the carpet up if there are roaches and we turn the light on
Don't blame us for being those that get rid of roaches
Yeah, okay, you all know something about roaches. Okay, because he's probably got a couple of the anstereic
Attorneys for a young man sexually abused by former Catholic priest who was also his great uncle
I guess he wasn't so great, huh?
Soot church. What does that mean great uncle
Like um your father's uncle I think I believe I'm not sure
I'm speculating
Soot church officials today allegedly knew for decades that the priest was abusing children
But did nothing to warn the public reading his own family. This is in Wilmington, Delaware
Francis Delucas 77 was sentenced by a New York judge earlier this month to 60 days in jail for repeatedly molesting his grand nephew
Michael Dingle 18
He liked to dittle with Dingle and his berries. Oh, no
But the look who pleaded guilty to one count of second to be sexual abuse two counts of third to be sexual abuse and two counts of
And they do the welfare of a child return to his hometown of Syracuse in the early 1990s
After being dismissed from public ministry in Delaware where he was accused of sexually abusing a minor 30 years earlier a
Great uncle is the brother of one of your grandparents also called a grand uncle
Hmm
Exactly he was arrested in October right now. Do we get rid of that last one era Chris?
Yeah, we got one to go 25 dollars for a 50-dollar certificate to left these the food is sensational
Yes, it was
Wtqm.com we got one to go let's get that thing sold and stop making us
Have to like beg like a dog on its hind legs. Okay. Get with it. We're doing you the favor and act like they're doing us a favor
Bastards
Anyway, the look who was arrested knocked over after Dingle told his parents
He'd been sexually abused by the looker from the time he was 12 or 13 until the age of 17
The look was served in Wilmington for 35 years
Dingle's attorneys alleged that officials with an ICC's a woman into as early as 1958 that the looker was molesting young boys
But did nothing to stop him the Saudi instead to shuffle him around from parish to parish how unusual?
What a novelty
Shortly after the looker was arrested in New York last fall woman can bishop michael sulfur rally released the names of
20 diocesan priests including to looker against him that ICC's had substantial allegations of child sex abuse
Attorney Steven Newberger said diocesan officials had a duty to warrant church and soul authorities in New York about to looker
But failed to do so and they failed to use reasonable care to protect children from him well
So many of these isolated incidents you know
And
And there's all the protesters running around there in jena in jena lousiana
That's in the news in the news
1320 are full on the burger pool nice job there uh by the way random
Where's the pulpit of marvel for christ's sake although I do have all these trolley b-poles
Yep, I mean this I don't know is this man lost his mind or what
So absolutely
Well we're sold out we're sold out
It's unofficial they're gonna recheck and re-evaluate and they're gonna like pass it by boopus and talk us and stuff like that
And then we'll be sure if there's anything left we'll tell you
Because I know that there's a whole bunch of people just chomping at the bit
Oh
Now look at this look at the pool from trawley b
I think the college keystone cops all spelled with k's mm-hmm who tasted the goofball guy fascist you
And then when that's not a bad pool. I'm gonna have to change that first part but I you know
The college keystone cops with the k charlie, you know
Here's a guy's ready getting carried away with himself. That's obvious
When he sends me an email this morning
Padding himself on the back for what a great job
But what a great show that I just did with erosmith and how I even played once on you had never heard before proving that you know
You learned something on this show
A pastor who admitted to sex charges involving two girls in kenteno
Has been sentenced to two years in four months in prison
They sentenced in hardened county
That
Against Paul leftler could allow him to serve just one month
Prosecutors say leftler used his position as pastor of freedom of the spirit church in kenteno to get close to the teenage girls real close
They say he had sex with one girl. He's been trying to get close to another
Well, if you're gonna have sex with him you got to get fairly close. I would think it helps
Leftler being guilty to gross sexual imposition. He didn't say anything before the sentencing. Yes, cherd day
Another isolated incident
All right, let's get back to that pull now and we got we are sold out as which is that keep your eye on it to make sure that we don't have a bunch of come like
Top and back up will do
I mean a hundred. Yeah, I guess I guess you're right. It's a lot
Like listen when you got like maybe 200 people listening. That's officially sold out
Visually sold out. You're positive. You're 100% sure. Yeah. Did duff come in there give you a big pat on the ass
No, he said he wanted to give you a kiss though. No, Jesus. Hey duff you fair not for me
Nist from here, baby
124 votes
You know if we'd have forgotten not forgotten
But if we would have begun a little bit easier on selling the certificates, because if we did on that we wouldn't have sold them
If we'd have really pushed the pull we could have made 14 hundred again
Which would be twice in one week during the show
Now even George who's very skeptical of all these numbers. I toss her around and all the polls stuff
Yeah, what kind of and really doesn't care at all
Even he would have to admit that that it has to be a sign of something
Yeah, yeah, maybe there were a few people like
Struggling out of the show here. It's a sign maybe it's a hand sign
Maybe it's a high sign
High sign driven by George Napolitano, Jr. at Pompe no Park. Is that place still open or what?
What
Pompe no who does the best burgers came from or come from
Fudruckers 274 in Characters 203
Fudruckers still as a substantial lead
When these 110
Stake and shake 109 white castle 95
In and out 93
Arnold's Royal Castle ladies so how can we set Arnold's Royal Castle?
I mean we love weighing in all that but shouldn't it just say we're all castle? There were a whole bunch of them
Should and yes, yeah, that's what it should say hey Eric if you can do that for us
He can do it. We love weighing our own but just take Arnold's off of there and just put Royal Castle because we just got white castle
Although Arnold weighed Arnold's the last one going and it's still he had the big fire last year was it last year?
Earlier than that before that
Taking it long time but he's we've got a very very marginal neighborhood and he's you know one of these days
He'll be open again 87 for Arnold's Royal Castle
Rudy's 51 okay little chunk for Rudy's again
Shackers and rallies 39
Fett Burger King 36 Hardies 33. I love that's room burger man. I love my shrooms
You ever go to Hardies?
Yeah
You ever have the shroom burger? I think I might have the shroom burger when we go to Carol on the weaned in Hardies all the time
You know what there used to be in upstate New York having to work there were anywhere else was carols
Have we talked about this before?
Not that I can recall C-A-R-R-O-L
Well, however they spelled it carols they had really great fries and marginal burgers and they had like ice cream and crap
Carol that was like in Rochester in upstate New York boy that's 100 years ago
It's like talking about Don and Bob's again. Oh
Don and Bob's had the best but that wasn't in South Florida
Crystal 28 Sonic 24 McDonald's 23 Jack in a box 21 big boy 16
Flanagan's 13 Jack's hamburger is 13 water burger 12
Five guys nine Vick and Irvings eight which was a similar to Don and Bob's and also Rochester place
And I was here for about five minutes in South Florida for a lot of deal. Oh all those rochesterians are gonna come flocking in here to
Vick and Irvings wrong
And the people of South Florida are gonna really love it because it's really great food wrong
Five guys nine Vick and Irvings eight fat burger eight burger chef seven where you had the Fickens bar
Duffies tavern six burger queen four four for the queen and only three for a hot now not so hot and not now not ever
You know that it's now we're never by Elvis
Mm-hmm. I would pick the never part for that place
1332 on our award winning poll on eowarges.com
I hope you're right about those numbers tomorrow because that's gonna determine the future of my life
You know, not I mean one trend is is everything right but if it's really is horrendous and grotesque
I might just look at it and go and then they just just silence you know
I might just go and wipe my butt real good one last time and hop in my new car
If I if I had it but then which I seriously doubt and I hope I don't
I
Know
I'm
I'm a North leader hey
Spent of palmin or
Poverts over this performance by the golfing
Welcome back to ESPN's NFL of all con team selection show on Matt Franklin. I'm Ted Brewster
And that's a remarkably resilient Lewis who will be talking to one of our all con team selections momentarily
Well, we have our defense now. Let's take a look at our offense. I mean offense
We started wide receiver and Antonio Bryan of the San Francisco 49ers two words that best described Bryan
Speedy and elusive apparently not to elusive from the long arm of the law following his DWI charge great point math
Our next selection is Cincinnati Bengals Whiteout Chris Henry the Bengals uniform is known for its stripes
But prison stripes might be more appropriate for Henry fire arms possession assault and a DUI hey if it's true that
He's a great athlete right on matt at running back on our NFL preseason all
Con team is Ruben drones of the Cleveland Browns. He assaults opposing defenders with his hard running style and apparently assaults family members as well
And finally a quarterback. It's none other than Michael Vick organized the dog fighting ring
funded it
Chilled some dogs personally, but what a fucking good athlete well put right now
Let's send it down to our rubbing recovering reporter Lewis who's with Michael Vick in his pit bulls
Now
Now that's what I call an offensive unit with some serious offenses. Well, that's all the time we have thanks for tuning in the ESPN's NFL all-con team selection show
To the next week as we select our NFL all-con cheerleading squad so on
1131 at 560 W2M. Don't forget it's uh hurry canes game day today
Maybe starting in 3 30 year to the man doll. We got hurricanes up the old back don't shoot boy. We got more hurricane crap
They have a lot of spots in there too. I'm sure
Mm-hmm now there's a Joe and who else is on those games? Joseph Yankee with who?
Um, they do yeah the game's actually Josie and Don Bailey
Yeah, and I think the much alive farm with scoreboards from uh they each do like 65 70 live spots during the pregame show
No
And like and like during between between the snaps and again seven steps
I never heard ever hear that promo again where he says seven steps drop. I'm gonna kill somebody and maybe I'll
Where's the guide? Why I can play for you. No, I don't want to hear it
I'm actually breaking out of my deep depression. I'm you know because because we sold all certificates now. I mean, it's took a while
In fact, let's look back on that thing. Okay. Let's look back on a page with the stats because I'm just mailing it anyway
Mm-hmm
emailing it in
Yeah, we're emailing it in and let's go over that page. Let's see if it doesn't go over there. What do you want to know?
Let's click on this one little tiny banner looks like a band-aid
Okay past deals okay, um-hmm past deals blue moon fish company sold out an hour and two minutes first time
They've been on a couple of times
Then last week we sold them out in nine minutes, but that was only Fiddy you know Fiddy
So it's a wide variety and now let's see do we have one that took a long long time one hour 55 minutes Joseph's on the grill
Joseph's on the water
Well, it's the same thing
Joseph is on the grill
Next is like you know Jesus and Mary for crying out on this night's all that you know
You're going to Joseph's on the water. Yeah, not on the grill
Why don't your ass on the grill why not
Our 55 and then of course we said that the reason for that being that nobody knew the place because it was new and it was hard
You couldn't see it from the road and stuff like that
Remember that
There is swelery looking like a real pretty bitch
By the Republican Congress back in 1997 when senator Hillary Clinton was herself in the White House
Very familiar with this program. That's right. Uh present Clinton present bus this morning
I need to realize how care is out there
Well, it's neither fair nor
reflective of what the bipartisan support well, what is the big stimulus with her other than her last name is Clinton and she's married that's right
What what is it? I mean what's the rest of it?
But what's the life that's in it with any other one always saying what's not to like in her case? What's to like?
Nothing the ice princess
So now does it say what we did today would left these on her yet or not one hour 20 minutes
Well, that's not so bad. That's not the all-time longest one
And again, it's because we had a hundred river house hour and two minutes once upon a time that must have been a hundred
Correct correct
So what do you get all excited about? I don't know. I'm sorry. What are you getting all the press and negative about up?
Look on the bright side, you know always look on the bright side
Have a big smile on your face even even on payday in your case, which I know is easy
Well, I got kind of a nice payday today
Why is that because that was 105 hours
At what 275?
relevant one that
1349 in the pool. I'm telling you we could have made the 14 easy
Now it's dubious. I don't think we're I mean it's possible
It's easy everybody's got a favorite burger joint. I would think unless you're you know what other category would have could have put on there
I'm a vegetarian. Oh, yeah
Yeah, well, you know, that's right up your alley. You love those people from pay to huh?
Yeah, eat a pizza person or I'm not a burger eater
We could put both I'm a vegetarian. I'm not a burger eater. I'll put them on now
Like Oprah remember that before when she got sued by those goofballs in Texas and they should have won by the way
And then come to find out that Dr. Phil was the attorney that won the case that makes me sick
That just makes me stop cold before putting another burger in my fat mouth or whatever she said remember that
Just stops me cold. I got news for a honey you stopped me cold
I was watching Jack caffity on CNN last night. They had some special um
Hour with him. I were to feel since they can't pull his on's ass
And I enjoyed Jack caffity's good
And he actually has something to say and then he had a wippy goldberg on there and all of a sudden my channel changed to another station
Coincidence. No
It's programmed like that. I can't look at her. I'm sorry
1353 on there. We could make 14 under we need 47 votes in 25 minutes. It's like two a minute
So tall order for this grab especially the way they're acting up today man act up
That's what they're doing. They're acting up and schoolries on air
He is what I wanted to be sure that I'm presenting to the American people you know this week
I came out with uh and a comprehensive healthcare plan that I think would cover
She's starting to sound a little bit like we had a cause. I mean probably she's doing a lot of speaking and stuff like that
But she started to get that real scratchy. You know what I mean? I'm good
Seriously anybody who ever wonders
About the sanity of mankind and about and trying to rationalize things to make no sense at all
Just listen to read your cause, babe. Although I don't see her anymore. Thank goodness
Maybe that's why viewership is going up on MSNBC
But just watch her for like 10 seconds and listen to her speak and ask yourself how can this person be in broadcast?
You know, it's like I like that and like Lenny Martez
How can all these people who can't speak? How could Bobo Wawa who's got this horrible speech defect make millions of dollars being on television
She can't even say it. How could Tom Volkow be doing that and not only you as he could even say it
Yeah
Don't confuse us with the facts, man. You just you know
All this crap I just
Nice pickup by the way over there across the street Joel nice acquisition
They'll guys all those all those hockey games are gonna put you over the top at night too
See this this we do we talk about it at the time. It's like lunacy if it fails over there we take it if it fails over here they take it
Like I told you it's like like training baseball cards
It's like the hot potato you take him we don't want him. No you take him
Hey Mikey, maybe Michael take him Mikey likes him
Like that
Now what was that what what cereal I bet you they had that cereal at the cereal um what is it life?
No, no, it was it life cereal Mikey Lex it is life. No, and we'll say that the cereal connection concoction
Cereal bowl who knows oh the cereal concoction okay, and it really is such a place cereal connection
Yeah, I bet you I mean and that's it
I can't eat cereal because it's all carbs man, and then you put milk on it, and I can't drink I'm not gonna drink cow's milk
You have to be a crazy person
1357 votes on the 22 till one what is it you do you eat ice cream you eat cheese you eat cow's all the time
I don't drink milk. Oh, okay, that's different not by itself. Not not like yeah, I understand what you're talking about milk products, okay
And then you get like all ed flamin your throat and you start doing that
Unleashing a big frockey, you know
That's what the orthodox Jews do they have a big frockey is that what it is oh, yeah
And if you're not orthodox like in Brooklyn, they'll come right to your door. They'll knock on the door and go
Like that
Mickey Mouse's walk that's Mickey Mouse making mr. Mellow. Oh, I didn't think I was gonna get you
This is Robert Eiger presidency over the world
You don't have to give your title every time you call. I'm sorry. There's everything okay over there
I'm not easy you pick it up
Okay, goofy's in rehab. Oh, no, I had a send him to the suck lodges in there with Lindsey Lohan. Oh, I'm so sorry sir
God the office is in shambles. I can't find anything. I didn't realize goofy had a problem. Oh, yeah
He's all kind of
That boy that's horrible sir. Yeah, it's called it's booze. It's weed. It's everything you can think of
It's like the eighties when Chuck Grogan and I used to party pretty good
Send goofy my best sir
You but I couldn't find your number you could know a goofy has some sort of
Firewing system. I don't know what the hell it is. It was put together by an alcoholic. Oh everything okay
Oh
Oh, that's how to do the young star high school musical one and
sir
So someone with connection have you seen the pictures of online pictures online? Oh, she's adorable
She totally nude wow
Where did you see new pictures of the
I told you they're online having you see them on your computer unfortunately. I don't know how to turn on my computer
Hi, I don't take a town card to work do you take a little tiny
But how can you hear me on the phone when I help it on well, sir. What is it? I can help you
Attention, okay, so what is it I can help you with?
I want the metal
Huggins in my office. She's my kind of woman really she's a bit young for you sir. No
No, have you seen mini?
The two both talks move enhancement plastic surgery on the cross feet
Vanessa's your type of woman I don't understand
Pictures right my kind of woman because she doesn't
And
Razor come again. Oh god. What I go too fast for you Reverend Jim. She's all much
We eat top of the border. Well, yes, sir. I believe in the desert area. There are tumbleweeds. Oh, no, no
You functioning there on I'm sorry. So I really don't understand do you remember the 70 oh sure sir some of my best days that a great timing
Oh
Well
I understand now you enjoy women that have hairy legs that's you know to ages on I understand and
Okay, well, I mean, I just don't get it all right. Well, this has been
No, yeah, this has been very educational
Yeah, I want to have a meeting with okay, all right. Oh mother line dring
145 branded means put it what I say Brandon is pushing me to get that 14-hour votes push it push it
But we're not gonna do we're gonna fall short. Sorry sweetie
1366 I know we're gonna fall short because we need 34 votes in 14 minutes. That's just not gonna happen
Not in the cards, you know, I every time you think the audience is gonna come through for you big time
And this pull was on fire, baby
And I thought for sure writing those two categories. I'm a vegetarian. I'm not a burger reader would like you know a place for people to go
You know, I mean what do you mean? You know what I mean about place for people to go where it's really hot and it burns all the time
There's a lot of those have any votes they both have the big O zero
Like I said, we got two bogged down and if I would have taken my time
We still would have sold out this certificates, right? Yeah, my fault. I'll take all the blame for it. Not Chris today
Because he's got a rough day today. He's got to work the next 75 hours
Because clearance is an idiot wants to punish you for being on his show and actually being associated with the show
We need 33 votes in 14 minutes ain't gonna do it. We got 1367 on the burger pull the burger master
Oh, how I hate to get up in the morning is that where he says something about the burger master in that song
I don't know what the burger isn't the burger master the bugler or something what are you talking about the burger master?
It's in that song. What's on what's all how I hate to get up in the morning
Is that like a made up song or something? No, it's a army song. Oh, how I hate to get up in the morning
You know that's hot so it's from
When you were in the army
What you sang it when you were in the army?
No army archer used to sing it
Remember army archer who is the movie critic
With the new brothers like not as big as Andy Rooney. Well, it's on TV or radio
What without a TV or radio TV army archer
You sure you guys need to get a little house. Yeah trust me. I'm out of 20 more votes in 13 minutes
It's not gonna happen. Sorry Brandon. I'm trying out by some pushin. I'm pushing. I'm pushing
Here's some bad news
New York's got nothing on us neither the Chicago Los Angeles or Atlanta says this on central when it comes to inflation
South Florida has the highest annual rate of the major metropolitan areas tracked by the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics Equated the latest rankings released yes, Turd day
The mommy for a lot of day on annual inflation rate of 3.7% for July and August beats the nation's annual inflation rate of 2% by a long shot. Wow
Now what do they can't afford those certificates?
And they can't even afford to a vote on the poll might cost them something see that's the thing I don't understand it costs nothing to vote on the poll
And just because a well sucks and if you know 18 people voted in
In 7500 blocks within around you. Oh, you can't vote. That's all excuse
Right right. We got 1372. We're gonna have me 28 and 12 minutes not gonna happen
We're gonna fall just short and then we'll be depressed
All the rest of the day we're gonna be depressed
Rent and the price of eating out are among the cost that are increasing the most sharply in South Florida
Government figures all that's definitely two said Vincent Evans
Software at FAU whose budget is straining under the price of gasoline. Thanks again for low gas prices Mr. President
Utilities even fast food. He said he and his friends have mastered the order of figuring out the cheapest fast food items
We are dollar menu errors. He said
During the past 12 months the Bureau of Labor Statistics said right in the area has jumped
7.4% far faster than nationwide 4% annual pace
Although the figures don't specifically include Palm Beach County inflation certainly doesn't stop at the county lines
The other measure of housing costs is something called owners equivalent rent which economist Kieran Ransom said is what a homeowner would charge to rent out his or her
House that figured jump 9% in South Florida three times the three percent increase nationwide
Why the government doesn't have an answer
But local landlords have suffered from steep property tax increases as well as insurance cost rises just as homeowners have
If there's a good thing about the new figures it's that they aren't going up quite as fast as they were earlier this year in June
South Florida's inflation was also the highest among major major areas
The BLS reported prices were climbing at 4.4% annual rate. I mean for a lot of deal at the recent peak and early last year
Rising at a 6.1%
annual rate
While South Florida's prices were going up the consumer price index nationwide actually went down
The national index fell 0.2% longer for the first time it's tumble since last fall
So in other words another good reason not to live in South Florida. I don't want to be you know
Negatory chamber of commerce will get really upset with me about that
And it would be the first time too
So how are we doing on there? We're gonna make that 1400 not
1300 and what?
79
We need 21 hosts in 10 minutes. That's just two a minute
You folks could do it if you're hot pile on it and we have one vegetarian and one not a burger reader. Oh
Right
Yeah, see those categories help this well. I mean if we may if we just barely make it by the skin of our ass
It'll be because we added those categories. How would I wouldn't you think we have a whole bunch of it your vegetarians on there?
I imagine no
Only a couple you think
The
Hasry only one so far and then we're not making any progress on there. We've got nine minutes and we need 21 votes
That's over two a minute not gonna happen grand enough. Oh sorry 1380 we need 20
This is really pushing it right to the limit boy. He people could do it
If these people really cared enough to send a very best in typical non-South Florida fashion
Easily we could do the 1400 for the second time this week
And make and give us a good feeling a good rosy feeling about life and wouldn't want you to feel better
18 George wouldn't because he doesn't just doesn't care that's right because this is his Bailey wick
To try to you too
His baby wily dick wily what
We're Jennings
I'm looking at this pull from Charlie. What do we need 15 in nine minutes the coverage of in two a minute now
Now they're coming now they're coming through it. They just wanted to put the Brandon through a lot of angst here in the end
1385 we're still alive baby. We got exactly eight minutes. It's 152 in the big city
Here's the result of the pull so far just to top few the best burgers come or came from floodwarkers 281
Char Hut 208 those two have been way ahead of the pack ever ever since
Stake and shake 111 d's one level. We can't separate the two
White castle 97 in and out 96 nice job. Thank you Eric Eric at Arnold's off of there world castle 90
Rudy 64 Rudy's is making some good in roads there 13
Checkers are rallies 40 41 burger King 39 hardy's 33 crystal 28 and then on down from there McDonald's Mickey D's only 24
Jack in the box 22
Who's in last place?
Oh, I'm a vegetarian one and hot and now three and I'm not a burger reader three
Well skews us okay
Probably even shouts about it on every day. They you know they're not gonna lower themselves to be in bovers
So what do we got we have 13 what are you telling me 1387 we need 13 in seven minutes
I think we we got a can do attitude
Which means it won't happen 88 well. We're trying for here uh Brandon whatever your name is 153 a Q-1 to
have five six oh
Miss Peterson. Yes, how does Bob Williams down at sores Bob's boss. Oh, hi. How are you? How are you today fine?
Are you sitting down? Yes, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. What do you mean bad news?
Um, I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now and Bob's okay, is he?
Oh Bob's fine. Oh a little upset but fine. He's been a good worker for us. He's made all his quotas his bonuses of always been in line
Um, but we're gonna have to let him go
What do you mean? We're gonna have to fire him and
Unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing
That's not very fair
He's been very loyal to you. Yes, he has like a slap in the face
Um, I can imagine you failing that way absolutely, but
Feeling that way you don't understand we just had a baby. Yes, I understand
The in-yang understood this is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing
I fully agree with you, but there's something is happened down here at the office that that we can't overlook
It's an it's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself
Um, I don't look quite how to tell you though. Why are you firing him?
Um
Top of his desk making love to his secretary
Well, I can understand you being upset at this point, but
That's a good one. Son of a bitch. I can't believe this well. Um, he's gonna need your support through it
Right now he's on his way home to you and he's got another thing coming when he gets from
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm
He knows
Now I don't feel so bad about
