You did a lot of things!
Ah!
If the Rogers are sports hall radio, WQA!
Hello.
I'm calling for Peter Browns.
Peter?
Yes.
I'm Clarence.
Expert Radio Program Director for SportHold Radio in Miami.
The only thing that matters.
It's been brought to my attention that you're in the market for a new sport hall gig.
And what just so happens that we're working favoritiously
on blowing out our midday talents.
Why?
Well, he wants money.
But he's just not obedient enough.
You have a way to what kind of money are we talking about?
I will discuss that later.
Hey!
You're just gonna love it down here.
The fun, the sun, the surf, it's paradise!
Give me a number to work with here.
What exactly are you offering me?
Peter Brown, I want you for my sport hall!
So I can put my hand in your underwear!
You can kiss me when we go on a date.
Then I can bite your arm and nibble on your ear.
All for the boys, painters and adults,
You'll pop your shorts!
With our coverage of pink ponds,
Can't get over how I'm earning well over six figures!
Having never known about radio before.
I have a stable now,
Of sport hall sick of ant-hors.
Not a problem since the management here is sharp as a mots of ball.
Absolutely.
Peter Brown, I want you for my sport hall!
Peter Brown, I want you for my sport hall!
10.02.56, it sounds like a hang-up to me.
We don't want to get hung up on QAM.
Well there's one right there.
See now we're even.
So what's the story? Did you find an engineer?
I told Stephanie's checking on it.
He's checking it out because it's got a red light.
It was green all before.
This is just like yesterday when we had that technical glitch that lasted for two hours.
Remember that?
It kind of like straightened itself out.
We were shot-seeing.
Was there any like follow-up on that?
Like oh, while it was the free piss and the boop-iss and AT&T or something like that?
Or else, of course not.
Now don't say that. Don't be negative.
Tell us wrong with you. It's almost a new year.
You got the great new lineup being unveiled on Wednesday, I guess, January 2.
And on Tuesday, we're all off.
Now did you get that nailed down or not?
As far as I know, nothing's changed. We're all still off.
I know that.
What about George?
George is on vacation all this week.
Then he's going to come back on Monday and work one day and get another day off.
Of course. What a scan. Nice going, George.
Anyway, there's no pull from yesterday. You know what I'm going to do?
See, we're all off kilter because we had that Christmas day.
And then we had Curtis and the Beast down there.
That's enough for to anybody off kilter, especially the Beast part.
But anyway, so when we get to a thousand votes on this one,
it's just a few minutes, then I'll put the one on for tomorrow,
because Eric's already ahead of us.
Nice going, Eric.
Thank you.
And apparently, according to the staff, it's down. It's on the internet side.
We're on it.
We're on it.
It's on the internet side.
Well, the phone, I don't understand.
How come the phone is all lit up? QIM?
Yeah.
Yes.
Hey, do you hear that news about Benazir?
Yes, she's dead.
Yeah, you know, that's like, which is from the Sheriff's field, right, Ben?
Who?
The Sheriff.
I shot Mocharaffee.
Okay.
All you people that are big Benazir butto fans, yes, she's dead.
They had a suicide bomber and then she got shot and the neck and she's dead.
I'm going to get into that, just relax, okay?
I don't know what everybody's all whipped up about.
Benazir butto.
If you want to the shopping malls right now, besides all the people taking the crap back,
and you asked 100 people, what do you think of Benazir butto getting shot?
They're looking at you and going, ha, why?
What flavor is that?
God.
After I die, I expect a blank.
That's the poll from yesterday.
985 vote.
Well, we'll get to a thousand real fast.
And to keep showing all this file footage of her when she was alive, which is before this morning.
I honestly have no clue after I die 378.
Well, guess what?
It's going to be real peaceful.
Become nothing more than worm food, 264.
And Charlie B. 70, a whole song of the dance about Ben Franklin said this and you know,
Charlie or such a pseudo intellectual schmuck.
Just stop already, okay?
There's nothing wrong with that.
264 said they're going to become worm food.
Have a good rest.
154, that's what I voted.
Have a good rest.
Look on the bright side of death, man.
Have a nice peaceful rest.
No stress.
No IRS.
No, uh, opinionally as boss.
Just a nice rest.
No bills to pay.
No nagging mother.
No nagging wife.
No nagging bitch.
Live on an afterlife.
I've been 19 silly people.
Must be a joke.
Be reincarnated 45 and become a ghost.
25 out of 985.
Yeah, what that was?
That gigantic flurry of collar.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to wish you a happy thoughts over and kiss my ass.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, Pat, now buy a happy bend over.
Anyway, Pakistan former Prime Minister Benizier Bouteau has died after a suicide attack.
Uh, G-O-T-V quoted her husband saying the politician died following a bullet wound in the neck.
The suicide attacked left at least 14 dead and 40 injured.
I think now they're saying 20 dead.
But, you know, who's counting when you're talking about Pakistanis?
Uh-huh.
I've told you that's where we should have done it.
Pakistan, baby, and Saudi Arabia.
That's where the attack should have been, not this rack attack.
The attacker said who had detonated a bomb as he tried to enter rally where thousands of people gathered here.
Bouteau was speaking.
Bouteau was said to have been leaving the rally when the attack occurred, was taken to hospital on unconscious state.
That's where most of you are right now in Florida and unconscious state.
Earlier, a spokesman from Bouteau told CNN she was safe and taken away from the scene.
Well, guess what?
Surprise.
She's dead.
Earlier, four supporters of former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif died,
remembers of another political party, opened a fire on them at a rally.
See, this is the way they do it in Pakistan and some of those 85-4-world countries.
They don't just get on TV and call names and make a lot of cheap shots like we do here in America.
What they do is they blow each other away, which is a good way to get rid of the opposition, I guess.
Well, she's dead.
Bouteau is assassinated and she's been making a lot of appearances with both bloodsprings.
I do see a connection, don't you?
So now, it's on the internet side.
I don't know what that means because it's still not up there.
It's still a lot of blood.
I know more that you will be like, what the hell is he talking about?
It's something with the internet and hopefully it'll be done soon.
But you don't have to get silly about it now.
No, no, no, because I'm reading it and I'm kind of like, okay, so I know you'll just be like, what the hell did he just say?
So why don't you give it a try?
I mean, you're assuming that I'm doing it.
Okay, well, here it goes.
But technically, you're not.
No, I know you're technically adept.
Yeah, he says, there are several, several streaming servers in which one you get depends on what part of the country aren't.
Our server and text can get the stream fine, but the one in California can't.
What that has to do with us?
I don't know, but that's why we're not streaming according to Eric.
I see.
But it's definitely saying that it's something different, so I don't know.
But both of them agree it's something with the internet, so you know.
It's something with the internet.
Let's get out of the corner right away.
Call up all the way, okay?
How come Al didn't run, man? That's what a shame.
He's got movies to make.
Do you have what it is?
Yeah, he's big time moving.
We need somebody to save the planet and, you know, invent another great invention like the internet.
We need Al Gore, even though he's boring himself.
He already won one election, why not give another shot?
I guess now after what happened to date, don't say another shot.
That's bad. That word, yeah.
Bad choice words. Sorry.
Well, there's Barbara Star, who always, a Georgia always calls her Hank.
Situation really caused a good deal of concern when there is instability in Pakistan.
There is a security vacuum.
There is concern.
Al Qaeda, Al Qaeda, simpletizers.
Al Qaeda.
Kill that vacuum and see Pakistan as an area that they can use to...
Well, thank God they don't have any nuke.
So that's right, they do.
Them and the engines, man.
Uh-oh.
Maybe they'll all kill each other.
Although it's people from Injury, man.
They're rather harmless and some of them look pretty good.
996 votes on a poll, so after the break, we'll have our thousand.
Okay?
And then we can switch over to the new one.
Okay, sounds good.
WDQYM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I'm in Virginia.
I'm in Loud and Clear on the internet.
Really?
Perfect.
Well, this thing must be a stunt thing just to drive me nuts.
I don't know what they're telling you, but I'm here in Virginia.
And Southwest Virginia and their Tennessee were all the mugwomps are in here.
Yeah.
Perfect.
All right. Thanks for the good news, Talia.
Have a great new year.
Have a good life.
All right.
Bye-bye.
See how they're like that?
You guys give me a funny baloney, man.
Well, maybe because he's not on the California server.
And the California server?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't want to go through all our sector, a law horse manure.
So at least something.
Well, we got one person, one guy listening there on the internet,
and wouldn't surprise me if we had some others.
Maybe some people will fix.
Maybe my close personal friend Brandon will send me a message on my space and say,
oh, guess what?
It's coming in loud in the queer.
Or not.
He'd know about that.
He would know about what?
Queer.
You are.
You want to start off with him now, too?
No, I'll let him fight with us, man.
I'll let him fight with us, man.
He'll trash your fat ass, mister.
You're the biggest name to the best talent.
You're his new projects.
You're the five sixty quam.
I think sports leader.
Oh, God.
I'm dying on the air.
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead dead.
A rock.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Oh!
The mint ribbon we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
We're playing around by the way, nice, cool, and stiff.
Eric, we can somebody.
Somebody somewhere.
So to look low, man, air, Christmas tree,
it may be the last one that you see.
Dead grade your house in green and red,
cause someday you'll be dead.
Oh!
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens,
it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snow live today.
That you thank God for your family.
Cause someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows, that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning,
let good tidings fool your head.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Everyone you know.
Dead dead dead.
You fell all very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead dead dead.
Happy Hanukkah End.
Merry Christmas everybody!
Oh did I mention that yesterday was like crazy here
because it was Boxing Day.
Oh my god, just unbelievable.
Would you get in the box please?
What?
What did you get in the box?
I got my thousand bucks in a box from Woodbine and Randall.
Oh right!
I was there 10 minutes, I had a thousand bucks in a five dollar wheel of fortune
and I ran.
That place was jam packed.
You thought they were handing out bags of money
because it was a holiday in a Boxing Day.
What did you get in your Mississa?
Did you go out to somebody bring you a Mississa yet or not?
Did Zack bring you one?
No, Zack didn't bring one.
No look.
Come on Zack bring a Mississa for a...
and Brandon gave you a good shot here.
Nice going Brandon.
He says you're coming in loud and clear
and Chris is coming in big and fat.
Who the hell does he think he is?
Don't get me started on his fat ass now.
Oh!
I think you've picked a formidable opponent.
We're back up streaming by the way.
We're loud and clear.
Love you to your Brandon.
He hates you like poison man.
Not as much as he hates Josh Cordis.
Well that's good.
Well that may, I don't know, that may go away
because I think he's got the hots for Josh's Russian girlfriend
which everybody does including George.
But there was this Russian girlfriend.
That's what I just said.
Yeah.
Fatso.
What did you say?
What grade will you give the year 2000s?
Oh wait a minute I better read the final result.
We got to our thousand votes.
What a surprise.
We needed about five or six.
After I die I expect two.
I honestly have no clue 384.
What is that?
That's such a cop out.
Become nothing more than worm food 268.
I have no clue.
Oh.
Have a good rest 156.
Live on in an afterlife 122.
Both of my dogs are dead.
I don't think they're making a comeback.
Okay, tiny, tiny, come on.
You piece of crap.
I'll be reincarnated 45 or become a ghost 25 out of a thousand votes.
See that's the one thing about getting dogs.
Now if you're real old, it's not so bad.
If you're ancient.
I mean even older than me, real old.
Then it's not so bad because then you're probably going to have the dog
a lot of live you.
But in most cases if you're like younger, your dog is going to die.
Or be put to sleep or something like that.
It's going to be so sad.
You know?
I love dogs.
Why?
Just get stuffed.
Yes, stuffed this.
Fad so.
No thank you.
26 votes on this poll.
What grade would you give to your two thousand?
That's a pretty good one.
I like that poll.
And that was from somebody.
I don't know.
One of our other poll people, anonymous.
See.
I can give it a see.
It was okay.
Just fine.
8.
See.
See this.
E.
Thank God.
I said thank you.
It's almost over.
6.
B.
Better than average, but not grade 6.
D.
It pretty much blue, but wasn't the worst ever.
5.
A.
One of the best yet if not the best one.
And F the worst of my life none.
Well, that's great.
Nobody out there says that 2007 was the worst year of their life.
Switch you vote for.
I voted for V.
So I voted for V.
Better than average, but not grade.
I don't know.
I would say that at all.
Well, first of all, these choices suck whoever said this poll.
You know?
It's a good poll.
Did you just love this poll a minute ago?
The choices are worded very poorly, okay?
They're worded poorly.
How about is there a choice that says the best ever?
I mean, A is one of the best if not the best.
I mean, that's kind of like Comsikom sa.
You know, it's like wimpy.
Like this idiot here.
Hello.
I don't like the choices, but anyway, it's fine.
It'll do.
Yeah, I voted for better than average, but not grade.
I made a couple of great new friends during this last year,
which is nice.
Oh, that's good.
And made a lot of money.
And then having a really good run at woodbine.
I mean, what more is there, huh?
And you voted for what?
I voted for B.
Better than average, but not grade.
Well, you're making all the big money.
Big bucks, you're a superstar.
And they're very important to...
Well, it used to be an important show.
Well, if I was making the big bucks, what would have been A?
Well, there you go.
So I guess I'd better change mine, A.
One of the best.
Yeah, I might vote A.
Let me change my vote.
Not.
36 votes out there already.
Our goal is to get to a bunch of votes.
And a bunch of really good calls today too.
It's still a holiday, man.
Well, once we get to next Wednesday, after the first full day of the new year,
then we'll get serious.
Well, still a holiday isn't this place.
Well, there are a lot of people not there.
Well, more power to them.
Okay, more time off for everybody.
That's what I say.
I'm off for their hardworking bastards.
What about management?
Are they there?
Joe Bell?
Who's going to be QAN?
Hello.
Oh, yes, I've got death.
Who's going to be QAN?
Hello.
Hey, it's my birthday today.
You think you could play Chesterfield?
Bigger than Freeway?
You're very strong.
Who's going to be QAN?
Yes.
We ran out of Christophe.
Joe Bell?
Yeah, oh, yeah.
Believe me, those two need the family-sized, uh, jug.
No question about that.
How can he sound like almost human there?
A little lower register than usual?
And they're interesting?
Maybe they're just getting started, so.
Yeah, they're just getting lathered up.
Rectome.
Trust me.
WDQAN.
Hello.
Happy Quanties, Neil.
Back to you.
I, something Mr. Troll, my Rectome.
And Mary Newier, too, by the way, Schmuck.
Mary Newier.
Yeah, Schmural.
Schmendrick.
That was High Mishmendrick, by the way, for those who didn't recognize his voice.
Okay, let's see what we've done here.
I got a huge pile.
Yesterday, I made a mistake in taking a lot of calls like this one, for example.
I'm alive.
I'm alive.
And, uh, I'm alive.
Yeah.
What a bad piece of news that is.
Venezuela is dead, and he's alive.
You see?
Although I don't know that much about her.
I know she was the leader of the opposition there.
She was against our good friend, uh, Moshera, the dictator, who took off his military uniform
to pacify everybody so they didn't kill his ass, but they're working on it.
Maybe the packers will all kill each other.
That would be a step in the right direction.
And then what do we do?
And then we have a party.
Democratic presidential hopeful, Sodor Redclinton, may have shot herself in the foot.
Trying to get Iowa voters to place support to her.
She is encouraging them to caucus on January 14th, but the problem with that is it's 11 days
too late.
Caucus is just to come up soon.
Next Wednesday.
What'd you say?
And, a rally featuring her husband, former president, Bill Clinton, and Saturday campaign workers
and supporters to sign in mail cards that said, yes, I'm an Iowan for Hillary, and with
their contact information as well as other supportive friends.
One small problem in the upper right hand corner of the card, it says, I blank, pledge to support
Hillary Clinton in my precinct caucus on January 14th, 2008.
Unfortunately, problematically for a swelery, that's 11 days too late, because the Iowa caucuses
are January 3rd, and organization is key to getting voters to vote over the events and
support their preferred candidate.
The political.com internet site that specializes in politics in first report of the mistakes
that Bill Clinton's second event on Saturday had the wrong date crossed out and replaced
with the right date.
They crossed it out with like a crayon and wrote in the right date.
That's swelery, man.
She's really got her crap together.
I'm afraid she's going to give it.
That would suck.
Huh?
That would suck.
That would really suck, because that would give the Republicans because she's the most
polarizing of all of the Democratic candidates.
People either love her or they hate her like poison, and quite frankly, I don't love her.
It's just one of those things.
The only thing she's got going, yeah, she's a senator from New York, big deal, but she's
above his life.
And everybody knows that's a marriage of convenience anyway.
I wonder when the last time was that she even saw it.
You know what I mean?
Well, that'd be.
I think a long time ago is when the date would be and I'm not going to get too graphic.
Now, no dropout.
That's good.
The green light is on.
Everything is kosher, baby.
We're moving right on ahead.
And for all these wimpy, winy people, let me just tell you right now, I want to go on record.
Hank, by the way, is only got three shows left, I believe.
Now, let me see.
Do we don't have next week's schedule yet, right?
No, yeah.
Notice he working on Monday?
I would assume he is.
No, I'm not asking for you to assume when Chris, you don't have the schedule, so how can you tell me?
But I'm just, it would be nice to know.
I'll try to find out the next break.
Maybe Allison knows.
Or I can ask for today also.
Asked to Humper?
Yeah, I'm working with him today.
Yeah, but he's not going to be until much later, and that's not going to help me.
I'm going to be a woodbine.
Okay.
I'm going to be back to Grand I-1 yesterday.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
The others that old saying when you're hot, you're hot, and when you're not, you're not.
I don't know what it is.
The place was jam-packed.
I went to the high stakes room there, the $5 machines.
That was pretty empty.
Big, big, all the shluppers when they were playing the dime and two cent machines, you know.
Like the quarter-shock guy, that was the shluppers when they were.
So I went to $5 room, and there was this big fat lady playing two of the machines at the same time.
Like as far away from her as I could.
Thank you, by the way, honey, for taking up those machines that were dead as a door nail.
She was losing her fat ass.
And so I went to one of the wheel of fortune machines down the other end of $5 jobs, the five times one.
And I got a couple of spins and I got back to even a thousand bucks I ran out.
That would be a good segment on a short of a day.
Meals day at woodbine, I'm looking near and go by the whole thing.
And let's see the first hit I got like blank bar seven.
I can start writing them down.
Now you had your taxi driver take up there, right?
Yeah.
I did that drive myself because I didn't want to bring the comb back.
Or what? Did you have to wait for him to come back?
No, he waits around there. He hangs around.
Oh, wow.
And I call him up and I say, okay, I want a grand.
Let's go and he picks me up in one minute and I'm back here in two shakes of a lamestail.
That's a nice driver.
He's a good guy. He's a lesbian. He's terrorist, but he's a really good guy.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
He don't hold me a rod.
I support him at 5.60 km.
The fourth leader.
Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Baby, aren't you a couple missiles?
Tour to place we know.
Do do do do do.
And he, my madame,
whose first name begins with a route.
There's one thing we all understand.
Huh?
Alcatamone will be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Let's go with the saffrono.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
That special forces are some tired of jumping through them who's.
You don't need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
All right.
Alcatamone needs a nuclear tank.
Why don't we stop pussyfoot and go blow up Pakistan?
I'm dying over here.
Boom boom.
Boom boom.
Jeff Rion, at least lost it over time to the islanders last night.
They really suck very bad.
1032 at 5.60 WDQAM.
And Andrew Raycroft sucks really extra bad.
I made a couple of good say.
Let's get some hockey talk on what he's saying.
I don't want to rub it in.
I do want to remind you that you and a lot of others are very, very wrong.
About that new lineup that starts next week.
Oh, it's going to be the big.
Oh, it's going to be replacing Hank and Geldy is going to be doing this.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
We were just passing along what we were told.
You were told by whom.
Oh, by some sort of name.
Well, it doesn't make any difference now because your sources are full of crap anyway.
The big ol' my aunt.
Rock solid.
Well, that was what tortured.
What's your journey?
I'm not sure.
Much of Yentos.
You see one thing about me that you don't know because you never were there when I was, well, maybe you were but I never saw it.
But, you know, I'd show up like it when I was doing the show there.
840 in the morning and do a little show prep your raid to do the show.
And then at 2 o'clock, boy, I was off the door.
You could be standing down in the parking lot at 30 seconds past 2 and I would be down there coming off the elevator and out the door.
I'm my way to my Corvette.
I'm not one of these guys that hangs around and pah pah pah pah pah pah pah y'all yanteing all day long.
I can't stand that.
You know what I mean? Like a social butterfly.
Because it's bad from around that creates a lot of problems and stuff like that.
By the way, speaking of pah pah pah, I mentioned a rumor called me the other day.
Yes, you did.
Did I mention it on the year?
No. I think so.
I did.
Well, you mentioned it on the year.
I don't want to repeat him on the year though.
73 votes on the pool.
He had some really caustic hostile things to say about the squeakmester.
Called it an early Christmas gift for Hillary's campaign.
A new Iowa poll seems to show swallery with a stunning double digit lead over her nearest rival among like the Democratic caucus goers.
Oh my god.
I don't understand this. I mean, see, and then this is the stupidity of the whole American system.
Iowa and New Hampshire, which represent absolutely nothing.
Nothing.
And the caucuses in those two states determine the future of the candidates to a great degree.
If you don't survive there, you've got a little big tourists, Rudy Giuliani.
Clinton and Abamma were neck and neck and neck in last week's American research group poll.
But in the new survey conducted December 20th to 22rd, she leads Abam by 15 points, 34 to 19.
Abam is now in a statistical five per second place with the genit, which is about 20% of the...
I just don't get it.
He was in a place. But then something happened.
I mean, I had the same position for years. Upside down and backwards.
President Bill Clinton is fine tuning the message.
Abamma is a person of enormous talent.
He's a very gifted man.
Very large.
The so incomprehensibly large, you know, it's huge.
Back to the studio.
Wow, it's 11 o'clock at 5'60 W.C.Y.M.
Those of you listening on a radio, which is what it's supposed to be all about, good morning to you.
And those of you listening on the internet, you're not.
It's one of those things, man.
It's just a, you know, we saw a little bit of a break up there in the beginning and now all of a sudden it's like a massive outage there.
Now is your internet's working or what?
Hello?
Hola.
This is good. I hear nothing.
What's up?
What were you?
I was dealing with our internet here.
I got no other work.
I thought we were disconnected.
I thought it was off the air.
No, I didn't say that or something.
I apologize.
Yeah, you should.
Well, I was doing that so I had to make a quick bathroom break.
They're working on it. They're trying to get everything rebooted and ready to go again.
So we might be having these dropouts less or less.
You mean on the internet?
Yeah.
Not on the air.
No, the air was still on.
And apparently Texas is up in California's down.
Oh, look at that. We know we're both back up.
All right.
We got two green lights. California though had 127 dropouts in Texas 104.
You talk about numbers, man. We're going to have numbers up the old shoot today for you.
That's right for that guy that gets all bent out of shape.
Well, he does his read numbers. The numbers from the pole. The numbers from the phone.
And the numbers are like that.
Good. Maybe I have an apoplectic breakdown.
Maybe I have like a brain aneurysm or something.
And like an explosion in his head.
I was going to see this brain.
Well, now you got that too. Both back up.
Yeah, I got both back up.
All right. So if you want to stream it, baby, there you go.
There you go, Brandon. Oh, you can't hear me anyway.
168 votes that are pulled about 2007.
Nine say it was the worst year of their lives.
Boy, four babies.
I'm so sorry.
WDQA and hello.
The pole owl with Tom Chikun, Eddie Camplin.
Oh, man.
I think you did this to try to divert my attention from the fact that you were so far off on his new lamp.
I was so far off.
I knew the light up starts on Wednesday. Am I correct?
Sounds good, yeah.
And here's what I think it is.
You got to the big O still doing five to seven.
Walking all-in.
The warning that is AM when most people are sleeping, you got Joe Rose doing seven to ten solo,
which is the way it should have been in the first place.
Nice going big dog.
Then we're still here at 10 to 2. Trust me when I tell you, we're still here.
Uh-huh.
And then two to four, it's Jack's jerks, Jason Jackson.
And then four to seven, it's Mr. Mad Dog.
And then seven, who knows after that?
It's that dolphins all asses crap.
And then the beast at night he thinks.
Now what's the story? Does no other guy that gig permanent or what?
That's what he's saying, but who knows?
He's full of crap.
He is so, you know, he plays the game.
Oh, I don't know anything.
You know, they don't talk to me right.
WDQA and hello.
I got it. The power.
Good. WDQA and hello.
We love you, Neil.
Oh, yes, we do.
We are the tronets.
Thank you, Ian.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Who's going to take over, man?
Take over what?
Oh, I don't know for that.
Take over what?
Yeah, for stew guys.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
Yeah, I'm torn because yesterday I made a bad mistake of taking away two guys.
I was going to take over what I was going to do.
I was going to take over what I was going to do.
I was going to take over what I was going to do.
I was going to take over what I was going to do.
I was going to take over what I was going to do.
I was going to take over what I was going to do.
Just to piss off, do Lieberman.
WDQA and hello.
We take away.
I'm Gary Sarner, too.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Yes.
For your business listeners, what's Cox a hoist?
Cox a hoist?
Yes.
Let's take a good dump.
Really?
Yes.
Thanks, man.
You're welcome.
I go, he's your friend.
Okay, let's get off the other thing here.
The green light is still on.
It's going to be a great day.
I can feel it.
I can smell it.
I'm going to tell you one thing, my prediction now, my fearless prediction.
2008 is going to be a great year for some of us.
It's going to be a fabulous year.
I don't know about you, Chris.
You're going to get a raise.
That would be nice, which means you'll be working somewhere else.
I'm sure.
I don't want to read this thing about climate change.
It gives rise to a new world order.
It's so depressing.
I don't want to read it.
I'll save it.
While most of Mitt Romney's competitors Zigg DeCrosseye, with the former Massachusetts
governor, zagged across New Hampshire, trying to fend off a surging John McCain, and
sure I'm always once an impregnable firewall in the Granite State.
Romney, who previously focused much of his attention on Rudy Giuliani and my Cuckabee
end of the two day Christmas break by launching repeated broadsides against McCain.
Attacking the Arizona Senators' initial proposal on the illegal immigration, which McCain has
since modified, Romney said under his ability thought for everybody who came here legally
could stay forever.
Does he still believe in that or not?
Oh, yeah.
He's a flip flopper.
How about you, Mitt Romney?
What about the game marriage thing?
What about everything else?
Borshin.
Every other issue on the plate, just like the Boston Globe said in the New Hampshire
union, the Manchester Union leader, he's a liar and a phony, Mitt Romney, and that's correct,
on both counts.
Romney also asked whether McCain admits that he was wrong about opposing President Bush's
tax cuts.
I'm happy to talk about times I was wrong, Romney told reporters at a ski lodge in the shadow
of Pat's Peak.
But I don't recall Senator McCain saying he was wrong to say that all illegal aliens
had been able to stay here permanently, or to say he was wrong to vote against the Bush
tax cuts.
I think he was wrong on both counts, said the nicely quaffed Mitt Romney.
However, he won't express that in prevalence about Bush's tax cuts, Romney, has taken
a harder line in immigration.
He flipped flops all over the place.
McCain's campaign responded with a statement highlighting a new Hampshire union leader editorial
published yesterday like one printed in the Concord monitor on Sunday told voters they
can't trust Romney.
Don't trust him, okay?
He's phony baloney.
Did I say Concord?
I'm sorry, Concord.
You do understand it's Concord Michigan, but Concord, New Hampshire.
You understand that it's end of England thing, right?
It's like Worcester, Worcester.
Worse your ass.
You ever been to Worcester?
I think I've driven through it.
Have you really?
Yeah.
I've been to Boston and stuff.
Well, thank Concord for that.
What a great city.
Boston is man, the food.
Oh, man.
You can't beat the food in Boston.
Well, when I was there we weren't really worrying about food.
It was more about drinking and, you know, partying and stuff, so but hey.
You weren't worrying about food?
Correct.
Even the cheesy places like Joe and Nemo's, which I'm sure is long gone, you know.
I wonder if Brigham's ice cream parlors are still around in Boston.
Hmm.
Anyway, so it goes on about the McCain said this and Romney said that and only a few days away,
baby.
Six days away to next Wednesday in Iowa caucus.
Oh, brother.
And like I said, what a system to think that people in these Yahoo bum fork states they're
going to decide the future of the world.
Pathetic.
John Edwards, the only Democratic presidential candidate campaigning in New Hampshire yesterday
said he wanted Granite State voters to know that he's taking the state seriously.
Well, somebody's got to.
Green light is still on, by the way, and no more dropouts.
Right.
Edwards who returns to the day to Iowa for bus tour until the caucus went door to door
to the dozen homes in Nashville, New Hampshire, attending town hall, town hall,
style meetings and Conway and LaConia and gave pet talks to volunteers in Manchester
and Salem.
Salem, it's a gala man.
Salem, New Hampshire, home of Rockingham Park.
Boy, I made many a trips there up U.S. one from Boston to Rockingham Park.
I had my 1960 Corvere.
I lived in Commonwealth Avenue back in Boston.
I didn't know where to go.
I was working at Sears in the Mayward to Department of Sears.
That's where I was thinking where to go to get my money from.
Well, and I go up to the get into Corvere.
One of my friends from Boston, and they wouldn't have any idea where we're going.
I say, let's go up to Adventure Car Hop, which is in August on the way to the track.
We get some crap there to take out.
And then I just keep driving north.
Oh, no, we're not going to the track again.
Are we?
Yeah, too bad.
You don't like it jump out.
And we wind up at Rockingham Park in Salem, New Hampshire.
Isn't that exciting?
It's amazing.
There was tug-boy, then Bobby Huntress, and Bucky Day, and Al Winger, Eddie Cobb.
Look out now.
179 votes on the pool.
I'm going to get harness racing intensive for the next year.
I think that would be a good show, don't you?
Uh...
Yeah.
In fact, I'm going to tell you right now, here comes Harold Fisher with perfect sky
on the outside.
A long run needs a home.
Danny's for him needs a home.
You want to adopt a horse?
Huh?
Yeah, whatever.
So don't leave these...
Let me take your room out here.
No, I don't know what's going on with you today, but at the top of the hour when I came
back on here, and I'm talking to the sounds of silence without Simon or Garfunkel, I'm
thinking to myself, uh-oh, we lost the connection because of the...
Well, I apologize for that one.
That was bad.
That was bad.
You need to have Brandon come over and give you like ten lashings.
No, thank you.
Like they do in those barbaric countries like Saudi Arabia, where they, uh, you know,
give so many lashes, I'm sure that I've got it.
No, thank you.
How do you know?
Well, he's your friend, isn't he?
Yes.
Don't you keep nice people around?
He's my pen pal.
Does that make sense?
How great would you give the year 2000?
Maybe 187 votes and nine people say the worst year of their life.
Boy, wish you could send him a whole bunch of money if you had any.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Does a cocktail hoist mean lift your chainy dick?
Dump it.
No.
Dump it.
Idiot.
Goy.
That's a problem like my friend Alan Finkelson said all the time, man.
That's the problem with the world too many goyam too many crazy, too many crazy
religious of all stripes.
That's the problem.
Not just goyam.
Plenty of crazy Jews and Muslims and crazy everybody.
It's a crazy world, baby.
It's a doggy dog world.
Whatever it how that means.
Everybody stop and think about what that means.
It's a doggy dog world.
What does that mean?
Uh, I don't know.
Ever see a dog eat another dog?
No.
I've seen a tiger.
Where the hell is that story about the idiot with the tiger?
I got that in my pile.
Why the hell is it way down here somewhere?
That's an important, here it is.
The pig that was made have dangled leg over tiger's moat.
Well, that's a real genius to do something like that.
The mother of a 17-year-old boy killed by a tiger with a San Francisco zoo said the
attack is forever room Christmas for her.
Right.
Sources close to the investigation told the San Francisco Chronicle that police are probing
with one of the Siberian tiger's three victims, climbed over a fence Christmas day and then
dangled a leg or other body part over the moat.
Another body part.
Oh God.
I can only imagine which one that might have been.
Police said Carlos Suso, San Jose, was killed just outside the tiger's enclosure.
The two others who were injured were about 300 yards away by a cafe.
A shoe and blood were found between the fence and the moat the Chronicle said.
And a footprint's been found on a metal fence at the zoo.
The investigation is looking into the possibility the tiger escaped by a latching onto a leg or
other body part.
Don't just stick your leg in the tiger's pus, okay?
Not a good idea.
You idiot.
There's more outside of these real lodges.
4.560 km.
8.4th.
Leader.
Oh you're looking at the thing you're thinking about tiger news?
Tiger go take no crap.
If you're gonna pull on my tail, you're gonna get bitch left.
With a left right right right right right right right.
If you're gonna screw with Tiger then I will kick your ass.
Why?
Kick your ass.
Step off, punk.
The name's Tiger.
Ti double go.
And quit making no sound stickers.
Sound like that to me.
Look at 17 at 5.60 WNQM did I even make some of the schedule?
I did not.
And today is like a pristine schedule right right between Christmas and New Year's
man.
You better kiss the radio.
Kiss it.
As Bubble would say kiss it.
We got Jim Manditch at Hooters and the Pines 2-4.
Power Hour with Mad Dog and Hank 4-5.
Humber all by himself his third.
Now is this the second last show or third last we haven't found out yet?
He will be on Monday.
Third last show on QM for the Humber.
5-6 and then the 6-7.
It's Miami Dolphins all access with Hank.
Oh boy.
Hurricane Hotline 7-9 and then the holiday boy is on the state in Texas night and midnight.
Wow.
That is something.
I can't say the word on the ear.
Long time and we have had no more dropouts, rough and streaming things are coming up roses baby.
Did we ever figure out what it was?
I guess they were like resetting crap.
Are we setting this stuff here early in?
Yeah sure.
No problem.
Long time associates of President George W. Bush are consolidating their hold on American media with the string of recent purchases.
Ross Story says consolidating their hold on American media conservative media mogul Rupert Murdoch that Nazi bastard news corps pronounced of late the sale of eight of its US television stations to a private equity firm
Oak Hill partners for an estimated $1.1 billion that's expected a close sometime next year.
The deal leaves Murdoch with another 27 television stations in major US cities such as Boston, New York, NLA
as well as the New York Post controlling interest in B. Sky B a movie studio 20th century Fox Wall Street Journal publisher Dow Jones of company Inc.
Oak Hill partners lead investor Robert M. Bass a long time associate a George W. Bush is also the founder of Fort Worth Texas based bass brothers enterprises.
Oak Hill issued a statement announcing the stations would be jointly managed by broadcast holding company local TV that was created by Oak Hill for the purpose of purchasing
nine other TV stations from the New York Times previously this year.
Robert Bass along with his brothers Lee Ed and Sid from a wealthy Texas oil family all attended Yale University where Ed was a classmate in front of George W. Bush.
The brothers later became Bush's number five career patrons as well as business dealings with now president Bush.
Robert Bass is also the founder and chairman of Arian corporation which has been the recipient of several very lucrative DARPA contracts from the development of supersonic laminar flow wing studies along with research and test flights.
News Corp had originally intended to sell off nine of its US TV stations however bass is subsidiary local TV couldn't purchase W. H. B. Q. TV in Memphis as it had previously purchased CBS fully at W. R. E. G. TV.
F. C. C. Communications rules allow market do opales but only one of two stations under a single owner can be among the markets four top stations and must be at least eight unique station owners in the market once the do opal is formed.
The company will immediately focus on back office administrative functions added Lawrence then will move to creating specialized knowledge teams for TV assets yada yada yada yada.
The site also lists among its holding to stay issued online privately news court purchase 23 large and mid-size stations as well as nine small to mid-size stations purchased from the New York Times.
It's going to be a sad day in history maybe when like three companies on air we newspaper every radio station every TV every billboard every dim sandwich board it's going to be a sad day when all you get is improper ganda so all you get all their handicapping at the fairgrounds.
Well he's actually running in the fifth race we'll talk about him later. Okay good. Yeah let's get a lot of horse racing and heart and harness racing and hockey on there.
The map was incredibly ugly allergy steam is scored both leave goals last night there embarrassing for three loss to other islanders for the hell air.
2012 votes on the pool what grade would he give the year 2007 by the way Benizio Bruto is dead she got shot she's dead the pack is are going nuts again that unusual no that a bullet no pack is a crazy well of course and ask the Indian Zeltagia.
Year 2007 D is leading it pretty much blue but it wasn't the worst 69 D E thank me oh god it's almost over 46 see it was okay just fine 43 not sound really positive doesn't be better than average but not grade 31 A
was one of the best yet if not the best ever 12 and F the worst year of my life 11 don't you feel really bad for those people there's a show here we are to what you're describing.
Well here's the funny thing this area there's a police station very close by but since I've been out here which has been for a good hour and a half I've not seen one police officer come to the streets and try to stop these protesters now they don't want to get killed and that's what a crazy or what there's
Michelle from there but but but but big Bb said hover and dread something like that that was his response to her getting shot he said I didn't
do with that WQ a.m. Hello Neil I'm shocked how I fixed this phone yes sir it was hard enough to listen to Joe Rose's show with small doses of jacks and now he's going to have we have two hours of him on his own show yeah following you I mean it was that what you
want you trying to say to me so you're not going to be listening between two and four exactly sir well take up Ma Zhong would be good and there you go back okay have a good time you know
something I I've seen the tiles you know I've seen a Ma Zhong set uh-huh but I haven't got any idea what in other words how you play it what it's all about is that the one where it stacks up
in the back indoor shuffle board oh down there what and I don't know no they have these tiles they have like like like dominoes or some I don't know maybe somebody will send us all the rules for
Ma Zhong I know who knows them don't know who knows new Ma Zhong rules and then we can play it on the air WQ a.m. Hello
and back at you speaking of the FCC speaking of hubman Dread on December 18th the five commissioners of the
who wrote this Amy Goodman truth dig dot com on December 18th the five commissioners of the FCC met a Washington DC and
by a three to two vote past new regulations that would allow more media consolidation this despite the US's public
increasing concern over the nation's media being controlled by a few giant corporations this in an
FCC commissioner Michael Cobb said of the decision we generously asked big media to sit on saddest knee tell us what
it wants for Christmas and then push through whatever these wishes are politically and practically feasible no test to see if
anyone's been out of your nice just another big shiny present for the favored few who already hold an FCC license and a lump
of coal for the rest of us happy holidays it was Bush appointed FCC chairman Kevin Martin now just 41 years old who ran
through the rule changes you serve president Bush well as deputy general counsel for the Bush
chain campaign in 2000 he was active during the Florida recount before that he worked for Kenny star at the
office of independent counsel during the Monica Lewinsky scandal rumor has it he may run for governor of his
native North Carolina his wife canteen Martin was a spokeswoman for vice president Dick Cheney in the midst of
the scandal around the outing of CIA operative out of the plane she now works on Bush's communication staff
the federal regulation in question is the newspaper broadcast cross ownership ban it as per decades preventive
the same company from owning both a TV or radio station in town as well as a newspaper underlying this ban is the
core concept of the public interest cops couldn't have been clearer today's decision would make George Orwell proud he
said we claim to be giving the news industry a shot in the arm but the real effect is to reduce total news gathering
mergers will result in newsroom layoffs and less not more coverage of local issues
Martin's new rule is also going to hurt the diversity of the U.S. media one Gonzalez former president of the National
Association of Hispanic Journalist recently testified at a congressional hearing on media ownership he said
even as our nation has become ever more diverse racially and ethnically minority ownership of the broadcast
companies has remained at shockingly low levels direct experience has shown us that ownership matters when it comes to
a diversity of voices and meeting news and information needs of minority communities
Gonzalez pointed out that the new rule will allow 19 minority owns TV stations in the country's top 20 cities
to be targeted for takeovers by newspapers further reducing minority ownership
there is a reason that journalism is the sole profession explicitly protected in the U.S. Constitution
as a check and balance on government it's essential to the functioning of a democratic society
as Thomas Jefferson famously stated
were left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government
I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter
by eliminating the newspaper broadcast cross ownership van Martin claims to be saving newspapers
in the New York Times op-ed PC rights and many towns and cities and newspapers and endangered species
if we don't act to improve the health of the newspaper industry we'll see newspapers withering die
as cops pointed out and is scathing the sense of the rule change
we shed crocodile tears for the financial fight of newspapers
if the truth is that newspaper profits are about double the S&P 500 average
the problem facing Martin as big media friends isn't that newspapers are unprofitable
it's that they're simply not as profitable as they used to be
this is in part because of the internet
people are no longer having to rely on the newspaper to post a reclassified as for example
with free online outlets like craze list
the media system in the U.S. is too highly concentrated and serves not the public interest
but rather the interest of moguls like
rupert Murdoch and Sunder Redstone a control CBS
Viacom media corporations that'll benefit from Martin's hand out of the same ones
that acted as a conveyor belt for the lines of the Bush administration about
weapons of mass destruction in Iraq
we need a media that challenges the government that acts as a fourth of state
not for the state
we need a diverse media
the u.s. congress has a chance to over all Martin and the FCC
and to keep the newspaper broadcast cross-ownership ban in place
it should do so immediately before the consolidated press leads us into another freaking war
the biggest name
the best out of tears is no largest
forty oh five sixty qa m
the fourth leader
fighters remain first high on these long ladders
houses and hand
vibrations brings the music of the beach voice to Broadway now there's a new music
collection that brings the music of Broadway to the beach voice
it's fan vibrations twenty of your favorite show to son only is the beach voice
can't my old man river from showboat
remember that old man remember
not the sun but the sun
just keeps rolling yeah keeps rolling
and this classic song from oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
that vibrations is not available to the stores to worry simply and here 95 plus
shipping and handling call now
eleven thirty two o five sixty w to qm happy holidays to you from all your close
personal pyzons those who are so are left
so let me ask you this how many people do you think
because this is obviously the deal now it's a wall-to-wall
Venezuela, but today on CNN, and MSNBC, Fox News, I'm sure all the way.
I don't let that channel darken my TV under any circumstances ever.
You know what, I'm channel surfing that goes through the Fox, it goes through there like that,
on automatic pilot.
Well, there's Mitt Romney.
Question, but the violence that we see throughout the world is violent.
Because the video is like you, that's right.
Because religious getkeys like you, fanatics, nut jobs of all the different
straps and varieties.
It doesn't make any difference whether it's Mormon or Jewish or
Goliath or Arab, it's just a bunch of crazy people killing each other.
Well, you got the Sunnis and the Occurrence and the uh, oh my god.
And don't forget the Sheas.
If you're gonna get a haircut, don't forget the Sheas.
So you were in Boston, huh?
Yep.
For how long?
Uh, today's I guess.
Any word of eating?
I mean, we ate, but it was more about the party.
Oh my god, the sub-savages and the pizzas and the pasta, the Italian, the
everything.
That's where I got fat.
That's where I got fat in Boston.
1961 and two for about a year.
Just eight and eight and eight.
Did anybody call in about Briggins by the way or sent us a
Faxor like that is Briggins still in business?
I can Google it.
Oh, sorry, I find out.
Uh-oh.
We have a Faxor coming in right now.
We really do?
Yeah.
I don't know what they're putting down there.
I'm the 27th of December and right between Christmas and New Year.
I would think that today is another day when people are taking a lot of
their sluffing and taking a lot of stuff back.
Wouldn't you think?
Uh-huh.
Take a lot of that Christmas.
More you.
Sorry about that.
What is your story about having some water when you were asking the question?
So, okay, well, it's just bad timing today.
We're just not on the same page.
No, thank you.
Why am?
Hello.
Now, why does she do us all a favor and call it quick to the end of this year?
No.
You do us all a favor.
No, do me a favor.
What's that start?
Five another station.
Yeah.
Find something else to listen to besides calling here in Belly.
You can.
Yeah, yeah, do us all a favor.
Yeah.
Somebody else must have turned his radio on to this show.
You know, if that's what always cracks the hell out of me, it just cracks me up big time.
Yeah, if you don't like it, just change it.
Yeah, just turn it off.
Find something you do like, although in your case, I doubt that that's possible.
Schmuck.
Do us all a favor.
Probably one of them busier apologists.
You know, we probably has lunch with Joe Bell.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hey, man, there you go.
That's for the last caller.
This spring, premium cable subscribers will be able to relive the drama of the contested
2000 presidential election when HBO, they've used this new film recount.
And creating a controversial document that networks sought to relay concerns that be said some of
its predecessors and Christianizing real world events by allowing the actual people portrayed
in the movie to suggest script reversions and visit the film set, the political reports.
That's what they be saying.
And of course, we live through it, baby.
You remember that?
Did you live through it?
Oh, yeah, of course.
I'll never forget, I'm on here one day.
This is the day of the election, 2000.
And I'm on here and it's between one and two o'clock and a woman from Palm Beach County calls and she said,
yeah, I can reasonable sounding woman, not an old trech.
She says, Neil, I'm ready to have a nervous breakdown.
I think I made a mistake.
I think I voted for Pat Buchanan.
I said, what?
She said, I wanted to vote for Al Gore, but the Palm Beach ballot is so screwed up with this
butterfly ballot.
And sure enough, that was just the first indication we had that a lot of people in Palm Beach
County and a lot of old Jews in Palm Beach County voted for Pat Buchanan because of Theresa La
Por and her stupid ass butterfly ballot.
Boy, the most persistent warning being he did by HBO comes from last year's
controversial ABC series, the path to 9-11 mini series.
That film written by an avowed conservative activist was widely criticized for its negative portrayal
of former president Clinton's efforts against Al Qaeda and the implication that members of his
national security team allowed Osama Vidnod in the slip away.
And by the way, having the Bush people let a great job of finding Osama Yamama and Mulebolo Omar
and all this other goyem.
One of the writers credited on the ABC project Peter Lance told Ross Story earlier this year
that the mini series producer distorted the findings of his book, oh, I got a light out.
On the mic on the mic pot of all things.
Well, we can't hit something.
I didn't have a return for you for half a second.
Have you heard?
Like I can hear like you know the hum of your mic open and whatever you just hit it just
appeared for half a second.
Yeah, right.
Because I hit the because I want to get the light back on again.
Schmuck.
Okay.
One of the writers credited on the ABC project Peter Lance told Ross Story earlier this year
that the mini series producer distorted the findings of his book,
a thousand years for revenge and producing the anti-climbing assault.
I was sick and Lance said sick and like that.
That's right.
In an effort to avoid similar controversy, we count writer Danny Strong,
port over several books including Jeffrey Tubans, too close to call,
and deadlocked the inside story of America's closest election
written by the Washington Post political theme.
Strong also personally interviewed the film's main subjects.
Democratic operative Ron Claim.
Claim?
Bush's confinon James Baker the turd and Cheney Bush attorney Ben Ginsburg.
Oh, do I despise that creep?
What a creep with the red hair.
Do you know the one that we've ever seen him on a talking hit shows?
Oh, I can't say I do offhand, but no.
He makes my skin crawl.
I'd rather listen to Arnie Ginsburg.
Woo-woo.
Former Clinton official Sandy Berger and Madeline Albright
complained about their depiction in the path to 9-11
and ABC was forced to add a disclaimer to the film and cut some scenes
just before it was air-ized year on the fifth anniversary of the terrible thanks.
Producer Cyrus Naurista, whose earlier credits included the showtime movie The Day Reagan was shot,
claimed earlier this year that the mini series DVD release was being delayed
because of meddling by Hillary Clinton a claim her campaign denied.
Lance suggested the mini series took his votes reporting on the FBI's failures and turn the
minutes successes. Furthermore, he said Naurista misled him and how his material would be used
and then failed to properly compensate him. HBO and the recon producers are trying to avoid
the same sort of problems by showing the script early grants to players in the recon drama.
Some noted small problems with liberties taken in their portrayals,
but so far there have been no major dust-ups of the fact that affected the path to 9-11.
But a beat put a boop put a boop.
So that's coming out on HBO when it is say this somewhere sometime soon.
Next couple months.
The spring.
About the mess of 2000.
I'm sure we'll be seeing the judge again with a big eye popping out of his head looking at that
hanging chair. Remember that judge in Palm Beach?
Yep.
Staring with his eye just bulging out of his head like well well.
This is the way to conduct an election.
This is the way to fix an election is the question there and of course the answer is
that your fan asked former governor calls our current president and says don't worry,
blah, blah. It's in the fixes in you one three o'clock in the morning nobody knew for another month,
but the fixes in you one for and a baby.
The very time I was sparking around standing back when I come back.
You won't weigh in the sports leader.
And done as dirt.
Absolutely.
I'm dying on the hands of life.
Oh the heartburn.
Don't go, don't go, every time I see.
Don't go, don't go, that pretty tired it dimwitch.
Don't go, don't go, don't go, he's president from the ****.
Republica's muscle is in an archangular idiot.
I don't know why they want this guy, but the least here is the first room to next four years.
With president thumb ****.
Oh what I get to come both once more and get to we all voted for.
Oh why?
Here you want this.
Don't go, don't let's drum and stupid me.
Don't go, don't find this drunk in which kid.
Don't go, don't be easy then.
Lumber than me.
He's president from the ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got him here by hook or throw up with Chris.
All I know is what's best.
You will die of a hell no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president thumb ****.
Huh?
President thumb ****.
Yeah, this light is going on on the mic switch.
I guess I could replace it with one the other light.
Good night if I want to get rid of you because I don't think any engineers
are going to be coming in the studio again in the foreseeable future like in the next few years.
So you never know 14 till noon.
Have I got pardon?
You never know.
You never know.
Could be a surprise.
Could be a knock on the door anytime.
Oh, 249 on your pool.
Now what's your goal today?
500?
Um, keep in mind that this is our secondary pool.
This is the one for tomorrow.
About 450.
What?
About 450.
Come on man.
All right, we'll go for five.
No chance despite a recent national intelligence estimate finding that Iran is
all that it's nuclear weapons program.
Libertarian leaning GOP presidential contender Ron Paul says there's still a great
possibility of US military action against the country appearing on MSNBC's morning Joe.
Paul the scramble characterizes a deteriorating situation on the ground in a
racquet of Afghanistan and said the US was preparing to kickstart yet another conflict.
This time in Iran.
It's getting worse over there.
He said Afghanistan's getting worse.
Turkey is bombing Iraq.
And Pakistan is blowing up.
By the way, Venezuela Bouteau is still dead.
She got shot and killed this morning.
And we're getting ready to bomb Iran.
A bunch of those neo-cons want to bomb Iran.
How about if we just bomb the neo-con sounds good to me?
As to how the US could justify military action against Iran and the wake of the
national intelligence estimate which determined that the country hadn't actively
pursued a nuclear weapon since 2003.
Paul said he didn't think the report would do much to the tourist strike.
I think it's a great possibility.
Read see more her.
She's the expert over there said Paul of the feelings of
prosecuting investigative journalists who had previously reported that the US is
preparing a preemptive strike against Iran.
And the Iranian Revolutionary Guard has been declared a terrorist organization
for the purpose of them being the targets rather than having the nuclear power
plants Paul said.
So wait and see.
There's still quite a few neo-cons.
I want to go after Iran under these unbelievable conditions.
Un-failured.
Concluded Paul.
That this is the absurdity of the whole mess we've got in there.
Stay out of entangling alliances.
Stay out of nation-believe.
We ought to just get out of that place.
That's right.
Isn't that what Eric Burton in the animal said we got to get out of this place?
Amen, baby.
Get out of that place before it's too late.
And you know what?
What?
Too late.
255 in your pool.
I think you can do five.
I don't know.
Five.
I will go for five.
Everybody QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I think your show is doing real well.
Hey, George, nothing there.
Anything to do with you.
You know what the best part is?
That I hang up on you real fast every time.
That's the best part.
And the audience hates you like poison.
And I wish that something horrendous would happen.
You like get attacked by a gigantic bed of red ants in the middle of the night,
like two in the morning, wake up and find 80's Indian red ants crawling over.
You're part of your pathetic, every poor of your pathetic dumb body.
Sad and tragic.
But you know what?
Life goes on.
We're doing just fine.
Speaking of crazy people, the National Rifle Association,
and boy, oh, you people out there, if there's any NRA members.
Oh my God.
What is wrong with you?
What are you thinking about?
You know something one of the worst inventions that man ever made
before he made the bomb, of course.
That's the worst place you can kill so many more people at one time.
Was the gun?
Is there any doubt about that?
Probably not.
Oh, it's just for hunting purposes like a good old Mike Schmendrick there yesterday.
Huckabee was out there hunting and showing how macho he is.
I mean, you talk about childish and juvenile.
The American public is anybody going to buy into that because he's going out there
with his gear on and hunting to show the farmers in Iowa.
He's a good hunting guy.
And Mitt Romney doesn't hunt all that much,
as opposed to talking about the fact that Mitt Romney is just an unabashed
liar.
I talk about issues when you can put on a good dog and pony show and go out there and hunt.
The National Michael Association has hired private investigators to find hundreds of people
whose firearms were seized by city police and norleans in the aftermath of her
king Katrina, according to court papers filed this week.
That's right.
Let's not feed him.
Let's lock it their houses bill again.
Let's just make sure they get their guns back.
That's right.
So they can go out there and shoot each other.
The NRA is trying to locate gun owners for a federal lawsuit that
lobbying group filed against Mayor Ray Naganhead and police superintendent
Warren Rylew over the city seizure of firearms after the
August 29, 2005 Hurray King.
In the lawsuit, the NRA and Second Amendment Foundation claim the city
violated gun owners' constitutional rights to bear arms and left them at the mercy
of roving gangs, home invaders, and other criminals after Katrina.
The NRA says the city seized more than a thousand guns that weren't part of any criminal
investigation after the hurricane.
Police have said they took only guns that had been stolen or found in abandoned homes.
NRA lawyer Daniel Holiday said investigators have identified about 300 of the gun owners
and located about 75 of them.
Some of them could be called a testify during a trial he had it.
Finding these folks has been a nightmare holidays.
Not as much of a nightmare as the NRA just to ask good old Chuck Heston,
you know what I would have what a great scene that was in the voicing for colombon.
You son of a bitch.
Ask a little Chuck what is a spandex pants.
Did you see that movie I hope?
Uh, only parts of it.
I don't think I'm holding it.
Finding these folks has been a nightmare holiday said that's really the
guts of our case to establish that there was indeed a pattern of the place
going out and taking people's guns without any legal reason to do so.
In April 2006 police made about 700 firearms available for owners to claim
if they could present a bill of sale or an affidavit with a weapons serial number.
An attorney for the city and police department spokesman
didn't report attorney, reporter's phone calls yesterday.
Alan Gottlieb found her the Bellevue Washington based second amendment foundation said
the police department has returned only about a hundred of the thousand seized guns.
Obviously we don't expect the city to find everybody.
We only wanted to see a good faith effort and that's what the city didn't do.
Gottlieb, it's a bad example.
Let them get away with it.
That's where I get everybody their guns back.
We get about food, we get about housing, we get about clothing,
we get about being their kids back to school, we get about hospital,
get them their guns back, baby.
All right.
In court papers filed Monday, NRA attorney says finding the gun owners has been
difficult because the storm has scattered so many residents.
New Orleans had an estimated 455,000 residents before Katrina
are less than two thirds of that number live there now.
The NRA is asking for delay in the trial set to begin
from where 19, saying they need more time to find gun owners.
US district judge Carl Barbier has ruled yet on the request
as of yesterday.
Let's get on it, baby. That's the important crap.
Although Benazir Bouteau is wall to wall.
There are two things I want to bring out.
Go ahead.
Wall to wall on the talking head net works, baby.
And like I said, if you went to the shopping mall right now,
what all the people returning to gifts, the crap that they don't want,
and the wrong sizes, and you ask, who's Benazir Bouteau
who got killed this morning?
They'd look at you and say,
Hi.
That's right.
Huh?
Like that.
Just like that.
Huh?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Hey, Tom.
I'm going to look at you.
You're going to get something.
I've been at this side.
Good one.
Once again, proving what I said about these idiots,
oh, well, if Neil and Hank were just treat the car
as nice and not hang up and rip them in a-
yeah.
Well, we get nice carers between them nice.
Does that happen very often?
Almost never.
Well, we get people who really have something to say,
who, you know,
have an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
Who can conduct an intelligent,
civil conversation.
Like,
do us all a favor with carathy and the vissier.
Do us all a favor.
You sound a big-
Like that.
That's good.
Those are good calls.
And of course, I'm just going to sit here and listen to them.
I'm going to feed them very nice
and be real civil with them.
You give back what you get.
If you sit and take cramp man,
that's exactly what your life turns into.
That's it.
Don't do it.
That's my best advice to all your kids out there.
Don't take cramp during your course of your life.
Okay?
When you work for other people,
that's, you know, you've got to,
you've got to compromise.
You're always going to take cramp when you work for other people.
Open up a shoe shine stand.
Eliminate stand.
Go on business for yourself.
WDQA and Hello.
Uh, you got a cup of meal?
Speaking.
I just want to say,
get your hands off the U38.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, good one.
That means you want to mean WDQA and Hello.
You like it?
WDQA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, Neil, I think you're doing a great job,
but I would like to make a small correction.
Tom Brady went to Michigan, not Notre Dame.
Who said he went to Notre Dame?
Brady Quinn went to Notre Dame.
Oh, I fully understand that,
but on several occasions it's been mentioned.
No.
Oh, yeah.
No.
Oh, this is something Notre Dame.
Oh, yes, I have that.
What?
It was mentioned.
A mentioned by whom?
Course.
Yeah.
Like Reverend Jones, you mean like you?
No, I'm just trying to make it.
You're an idiot.
WDQA and Hello.
I got something to say.
WDQA and Hola.
Are you going to send a hand like a gift before you
accept disaster?
Yeah, I'm going to send a sandwich.
Salami and Rai.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Salami and Swiss, I want to make sure it's safe.
Yes, sir.
Uh, yeah, if you heard about this Captain,
a soldier from the Port of New Zealand was killed,
and they buried him last week.
And it was in a paper.
And he wrote his last email to his family.
Headed so on ahead.
And this is from the horse's mouth.
Now you haven't read it, right?
It should be in every newspaper in the world.
Yeah.
He said every one of these congressmen
senators or they have no idea of what is happening
and yet developing in the issue.
All right.
Here's a West Point graduate.
That was a Captain, you know, a bonafide hero,
a true guy.
And he's not there doing what he had to do
because that's just a dude he not that he wanted it to.
But as you get a whole lot of going on,
I'm going to get a hold of it.
More is that after it would Lindsay Lohan
and what Britney Spears knew sister
and all this other cock-a-ride
in the Americans obsessed with it.
What is it after it with that?
Nothing.
Oh, that's right.
Only a passive, um,
submissive group of sheep of lemons
could sit back and let this crap go on.
I'm not going to get all whipped up about it though.
Because Ben is your butto.
You know what?
He's still there.
Bad news, baby.
That's talent.
You know his nail-rojects
work at you 5.60 QAM.
I think sports leader.
Homeland security time rage.
Advising you to put duct tape on your radio
when I raised the warning color to Bink
for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
Mid-on-off plantation and driver model 2.
She thought that alcohol was the enemy.
But she knows that nothing, nothing, nothing,
nothing, nothing.
All right, since our chosen and chaplain
wait before they get one child's name
with the two groups.
The president was Hoover.
There were no TV.
And no I love Lucy.
She still preoccupied.
19, 19, 19, 19, 25.
You're the best, that's what we probably can pick
in our party and stories.
She's writing well ahead of Constance Roosevelt.
And the president's wearing a party
until I just want to 16.
Let him know.
Again, some 90 minutes, let him know.
She knows all the classic.
She knows every line.
She's both gone with the wind.
Freakin' a Mickey Finn.
She did the jarl stun.
To Duke, L.N. Tann.
For our remind would will
when she crept the mountain burrow.
She wore it up there like a butterfly.
Heather Prohibition.
She could have no maker.
She loved the comedy show.
Like George and Ways,
he was forever having two evils.
There was a pretty awesome second.
I don't know who I'm sorry.
He knows their chosen and chaplain
wait before they get one child's name
with the two groups.
The president was Hoover.
There were no TV.
And no I love Lucy.
I don't feel free.
I could fight.
19, 19, 19, 25.
We're about 10 years too late.
Yep, everyone.
Things were great.
Clinton was president.
OK, was innocent.
But we could still see friends.
And we could send blood.
I've hit.
Barely had an internet.
And there was no fan yet.
Never heard about been laughing.
Was famous always in the black.
We still care about my gun.
And not about sneak attacks.
And all that great music.
Yeah, you could take your big.
Black kid was sent from God.
No cell phones.
No ring shows.
No.
I cosplayed Horace's.
Or hoody.
That brandy was a cutie.
There was a land.
This for a set.
And Julius went from life at the fulcans.
We're smashing the Beatles' tragic action.
But nothing quite feels right since.
19, 19, 19, 19, 95.
19, 19, 95.
You know Mariah and Whitney.
They beat the pants up, Whitney.
We still had some easers.
But also there was Peter and we had Sophie.
Be Hawkins.
Yes, he was good for Dawkins.
I wonder if he's through about that.
19, 19, 1995.
Okay, 12, 04, 5, 60 WDQ.
I'm happy holidays.
It's, wow.
Almost the end of the year.
Aren't you excited about that?
Oh, yeah, exactly.
Now, how, what did you say you voted for B on this?
Correct.
That's what I voted.
Better than average, but not great.
Could have been better.
I would say like maybe an A minus.
What grade would you give the year 2007?
In fact, up until I would say about a month or two ago,
it was like an A plus.
D, it pretty much blew, but it wasn't the worst.
D is leading 93.
Not good.
See, it was okay.
Just fine.
Just fine.
Oh, where?
Fine.
68.
Well, there's Benizio Buto when she was still alive,
but she's dead now.
E, thank you God.
It's almost over 56.
B, better than average, but not grade 40.
A, it was one of the best yet.
If not the best of my life.
Only 18.
Wow.
So how do I make your year?
You're not so good.
What?
What happened to make your year not so good?
And F, the worst of my life, 14.
Are you directing that to me?
Yeah.
And you expect to come back here again tomorrow?
291 vote.
Chris wants 500 today.
You're not going to get it.
For it.
Didn't you say 450?
I'll say that.
Wow, you're dropping.
It's a busy day, man.
WQAM.
Hello.
Oh, man.
I'm sorry.
I was thinking, baby, because you're all over sale.
But I think about four, you're all over sale.
Could probably they got their own equipment.
They're probably better than this.
All this stuff used to be really good, but the problem is
there's been no maintenance on it in a long, long time.
But then again, we don't want to go there, do we?
No, no.
We don't want to go there.
Speaking of bad equipment, if you thought
controversy over voting machines was the thing of the past,
think again, just in time for the 2000.
I was thinking about this during the last hour.
I was thinking about that year, $2,000 cramp
and that fixed election.
And I went and voted.
And then after the election was over,
and we had all this crap going on with the hanging chads
and the whole thing up in the year.
And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, I wonder if I vote
really got counted.
I wonder if I got a lot of, huh?
Of course it did.
Yeah, probably for Bush.
Yeah, just not in the right category.
Yeah, maybe for Pat Buchanan.
Just in time for the 2008 election season,
Colorado has desertified hundreds of faulty
electronic voting machines for being error prone and easily hacked.
We need a good machine, man.
That's what we need in America.
We need a good machine, man.
This news comes on the hills of a massive study in Ohio
that also found critical flaws in Ohio's voting machines, man.
Bad machines.
Yesterday, Colorado's Secretariat State
might often desertify three of the four voting equipment
manufacturers allowed in the state,
affecting six of Colorado's 10 most popular counties
for their inaccuracy and for the ease with which
they could be hacked.
Today, he backed fracked slightly,
noting that some of the machines could still be used
in November if a software patch was installed.
Maybe they can get Dickie Lee to come by.
He's got patches.
While Ohio's Secretariat State Jennifer Bruner spoke
to MSNBC about Ohio's study,
where teams were able to pick locks to access memory cards
and use handheld devices to plug false vote counts
into machines.
Great.
They also concluded that hackers could break into the machines
with a magnet and a PDA.
What's a PDA?
A personal data,
whatever, like, you know, a personal data.
It's a very personal data thing.
We learned that there are critical security flaws,
you says, because these machines are essentially
computer-based voting equipment
and they don't have the basic industry required
standards for security that we would use on computers
that we would use for banking or communications
or other things in our everyday life.
All of these things.
Bruner is recommended that for the March primary
counties with touchscreen machines allow voters
to request a paper ballot that can be scanned optically.
She also reminded voters they can vote
through the mayor using absentee ballots,
which, of course, they can just toss them
they can Schmidt can and toss them in the garbage.
In the long run, Ohio may move to optical scan ballots.
They will be checked by the machine,
but also deposited in a ballot box
and counted at the Board of Elections.
Bruner also proposed an early voting period,
15 days before elections at vote centers
located throughout the state.
Well, we need to reach the law board to take care of all this.
All the states can have that great butterfly ballot, okay?
So if you think you're voting for Al Gore,
you're really voting for Pat Buchanan or some of the Nazi.
Man, the beat goes on, you know,
and they're all, that is their boot always dead.
And she was promenastered twice,
and better beat better boot better up.
And she came back in October.
And if she was smart,
she would have stayed wherever the hell she was,
but she came back and now she's dead.
He's today, at least by the wrath of the mobs.
When the people got angry and they took to the streets
in Karachi, Lahore and Rauk Indi,
the first thing they did was start attacking
the tearing down the campaign posters of Musharraf's party,
the PML party, and they wanted those ripped up
because the public was just lashing out wherever it could.
You know, it sounds like to me a big party.
Yeah.
As the late Don Cox would say,
why I still can't get over the fact that he's dead, you know.
Yep.
That's life, baby.
That's life.
What?
You work with him?
He worked at, when I was at W.Y.N.Z.
He was right in the same building at I-95,
which later became Zeta.
I-95.
Sierra, friendly with him and stuff?
Yeah.
He was a good guy.
He had his issues, you know,
and he was a good guy.
I just know the great train.
I just know this late night was a Toyota
of something commercial.
Kindle Toyota.
Yeah.
Oh my God, you had to bring that up again.
Mark Jacobson and Don Cox,
and then he kept slipping me on there
because it was one of my sponsors.
And they kept him, you know,
embarrassing me to go on that thing.
I did this as a favor to them.
Why did you say-
Why do you-
What?
I didn't know you were on that too.
Oh, several times.
I mean, not regular,
but I mean, once in a while,
it'd be one of the guests.
In fact, the last time I was under,
they hit a band.
They had Pete Sanprich was one of the guests.
He was one of the strangest,
most humorous A-holes I've ever met in my life.
And he had hands like a monkey.
They introduced me to him before the taping.
And, you know, and I shook hands with him.
And his hand was like a claw.
And I thought to myself,
you know, tennis players,
they had like, you know, soft hands.
Do you know what I mean?
Like, not like-
Yeah, not that soft, you know.
But he had hands like claws.
Maybe I probably love a racket.
What's so well?
Is that what it was?
Maybe.
What a racket.
But anyway, that sure was an embarrassment.
I wonder if Mark Jacobson is still alive.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Neil, can't you-
Sir.
I'm warning all that Cox and all that man.
I'm fine ears, man.
Yeah.
What?
What?
Yeah, he was good.
Yeah.
And he's responsible for me being here now.
Bill Tanner.
W-Q-I-M, hello?
Sir, you're a Christmas Cathy.
W-Q-I-M, hello?
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two back?
Now, here's somebody that's got all the stuff queued up.
It's called Best of's.
Yeah, but I'm saying he's got it all queued up
and sounds like he's got his own studio there.
So it's not like he's playing it, you know,
over the phone.
Not great.
Not fair.
What I'll do is what I'll do is if he'll call back.
I'll just get up and walk out and let him finish the show today.
After all, it's a holiday time, you know.
Everybody's home with a lot of holiday time off.
Not that there's people in the building screwing off.
You know, you made that very clear.
Didn't you?
Something like that.
Oh, and Josh is here today.
Josh is in clearance.
Yes.
Now, you better understand.
Josh to us on this show is Josh Cortes.
I apologize.
Clarence Dero isn't always will be clearance.
You're fairly isn't that.
Yeah, 309 on your full.
What do we say 400?
Let's go for 400.
Oh my god.
We don't want to be late.
I just need the best out of two.
I just want to say, I feel like I'm sorry.
Press conference today.
I'm the sports leader.
The U.
NFL films presents the game's greatest scores.
He was born Thomas Edward Brady Jr.
and he grew to rule a New England dynasty.
Three Super Bowl rings, twice Super Bowl MVP and a playoff resume.
A kind to a first class ticket to Canton, Ohio.
However, his prowess on the gridiron gives way only to his prowess in the bedroom.
For late in the 2006 season, Tom Brady achieved the greatest back to back scoring
feat in the modern era.
First he impregnated Sultry Hollywood starlet, Bridget Moynihan, then against all odds.
This heroic field general, bedded and inseminated,
lingerie Supermodel, Jezel Bungeon.
And so in honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets,
we bequeath the laurels and regale among the game's greatest scores.
Number 12, Tom Brady.
But you said he went to Notre Dame and like that.
Yeah, cars are good, man.
We had good calls to the ammo.
They've been from from an idiot standpoint.
They've been pretty good.
You don't think they've been stupendous?
Stoop.
You had part of that, right?
Well, yeah.
340, what do we got now?
It can't be right.
317.
Don't get too carried away now, man.
If we had 347, I would jump right out the window.
Bring them like, we get a lot of good calls like this one today.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, it's a lady.
It's a real car.
I can't believe it.
Yes.
Hi.
Did anybody call in about the break of the yet?
Oh, they're all over the, you know, it's funny.
You mentioned that you must be psychic because I just googled it during the commercial break.
And there's like 80 million break-ups all over Boston.
Yeah, they're right.
I just thought of a doctor's appointment.
I tried to call earlier, but nobody picked up, so.
That was great.
Thanks a million, sweetie.
Talk to you later.
Have a happy.
Bye.
See, there's a lady that called a guy's, we don't know for a break-up, is we don't need
ice cream, we have right, you fat, slabs, you're eating plenty of ice cream.
Okay, you're shoveling it down your post, but she was nice enough to call, let me know.
And of course, I just googled it.
And then, you know, in a couple of minutes in between, I forgot all about it.
Hey, that was nice.
Wasn't that nice?
And then of course, we went from break-ups to Tom Brady.
See, all the Boston stuff.
Uh-huh.
What's wrong with that?
I didn't say anything.
You know, you better watch it, I'm going to start putting a hockey stuff on here.
Go for it.
Oh, there's Paul Marisa, loser.
You see it on his face, man.
I'm certain that's it.
loser, unless we're talking.
loser.
Oh my god, Paul Marisa, the coach of the Leafs, man.
He blows, fire his ass, and that John Ferguson, that the same time, junior.
You know John Ferguson, junior?
Nope.
You remember his ancestor, Shane Ferguson?
Sure.
317 on your full.
Well here's Calder, first race in six minutes.
You want to hear the first race from Calder?
Hey, why not?
4 is the heavy chalk, 3 to 5.
Well somebody's got to pick up the horse racing crowd now that Eddie Kay has gone, Hank's
got only three shows left.
Can you believe that?
That the hopper's only got three shows left on his face?
Three shows, baby.
That was funny.
I wish we had that schedule for next week.
Now that Clarins is here, you better tell him, hop on that schedule.
And you also better tell him, I'll be here on Wednesday, when he likes it or not.
What?
We'll do.
No, don't tell him that part.
He knows that.
Thursday, that's another story.
You know what?
Let's call this just that soap hopper.
Remember one day at a time, wasn't it soap hopper?
I'll tell you.
You've day to day just like in sports day to day, that's right.
Just like what's his name there on the lease?
Carlo Coli Acabo.
Couldn't play in a fixed game that kid.
So anyway, here's the five minutes to the first race at Calder, six horse field.
The next red I'm sitting up here and I'm watching the races from Calder.
You ever go to the track?
Yeah, I've been there.
Where?
The horse track.
I've been to Calder and Goldberg.
Not to pop that hard.
I've never seen the buggy horses.
Wow.
Nope.
Never saw Wally Hennessey sitting there along the rail just like he was trapped in like he
like he needed to compass in a road map.
Oh, no, that's Dave Ingram.
Who needs to compass in a road map?
Sorry, Wally.
How's it going, A Wally?
Wally's having a good year.
The Seattle Post and Challenger.
Oh, I look at that.
Calls.
QAM, hello.
A.L.
Yes, sir.
Take out the play by play for the Maple Leaf on TSN.
Usually it's Joe Bowen, but last night unfortunately it was a Chris Cuthbert.
He sucks, man.
Chris Cuthbert sucks.
That's right.
It's so to the Leafs, by the way.
Anyway, I see there's a lot of calls on here, but I'm not going to get sucked into those.
Yeah, let's get some hockey talk on.
Don't let me forget.
We got four minutes till post-time at Calder.
You got four minutes till post.
I have no idea who the new race carer is at Calder, another Phil Saltsman retired and
the Bob Savage is dead.
Boy, little Bobbie Savage.
I just can't believe it.
He wasn't that old.
I don't think he there.
He married this big tall abroad from Chicago who had tons of money.
I guess he had a good...
Maybe that's why he died at a young age.
Had a good one, huh?
He had a good at home.
He had a good one really good there toward the S&.
Let me tell you right now, man.
She wore them out.
But I guess so.
Bob Savage came up to your elbow, to your hip.
This chick that he married, she was about seven feet tall.
She got a basketball player.
She was huge.
She had lots and lots of money.
He was very nice to me.
Most of the time, Bob Savage.
He was okay.
Anyway, this Seattle Post and Television Zero editorial cluster bombs, it's still not
okay.
I sure hope I can do this in the three minutes before post-timer called her for the first
race.
It says, surprise, surprise, after a year investigating itself, the Israeli military,
okay, it's prosecutors, concluded that it was justified in using cluster bomblets,
millions of them in its war with Lebanon last year.
The reports tell us that the matter is now closed.
Well, that depends on whom you ask.
Enter these such as human rights groups and the UN begged to differ with the Israeli
military.
The United Nations called use of the devastating bombs in the final three days of the fight
when the end of the conflict was clearly inside, shocking and immoral.
The bombs which were dropped in populated areas, farms and so on, have a 30% failure rate,
meaning that they explored later and many have been doing so over the past year.
Just last week, a 35-year-old man collecting firewood died instantly when one of the Israeli
bombs went off.
In fact, more than 30 people have died in similar fashion since the end of Israel's war
with Hezbollah.
The Daily Star of Lebanon reports an additional 200 of them wounded by bombs, most of which
were dropped in the final 72 hours of the war.
For these victims, the matter is far from closed.
Earlier this month, UN Secretary General, Bain Kymun, I wonder if he's kin to Kakamoon.
Bain Kymun called for a ban on cluster bombs at a conference in Vienna, Austria, which
the US declined to attend, by the way, where 130 nations gathered to consider a ban.
This is named Morley ambiguous issue.
Well, how come we're going over to Ecuador now where there's six minutes to post-time,
I guess, for the post-PoSpray?
Two numbers, one, two, three, four, six, seven, eight, and nine.
Now, even, even, no, Chris knows that's the great Tom Durkin.
You know that, don't you?
Uh-huh.
Red.
Old red, Tom Durkin, no, you know.
Anyway, getting back to the cluster, bomblets.
This is named Morley ambiguous issue.
The use of these bombs, which in effect linguran is landmines and continue killing long
afterwards or over is wrong, and Israel was wrong to use them when the end of the war
was imminent.
Its military might not be able to see that, but the rest of the world can.
writes the Seattle Post Intelligence, and, sir, whatever you say in the editor of yesterday.
They're pissed off and fired up.
Uh-oh.
How many minutes?
Three minutes to, uh, I don't know, six minutes to post an aqueduct.
Let's get the races on every day.
What do you say?
Good.
Thump it.
And then we can go to the, not only do we have the NFL that work here, which, oh, gee,
we don't have, we're not going to be able to see the game on the good news is NBC and CDS and the NFL
network all going to have the Papia Giants game on.
It's Saturday night.
Play by wife.
Here's the breakout stage.
Right with Benetanko.
Benetanko stage with the play.
And Big Seymour, Tommy, Tommy comes across.
Oh, big Seymour, Andrew Raycroft.
He couldn't stop a Boeing ball from 100 yards away.
Unbelievable.
Now, what was I just looking for?
Oh, the first race at Calder.
Look at Squeezed in here before the break.
Except I think he's showing all this crap from Acqua.
Now, close to Showy, man.
How New York rules the world, you know?
Everybody else could have something really heavy duty going.
Something exciting.
But New York always comes first, but I think they'll go back to a Calder.
Do you?
Yeah, of course.
Are you glued into it?
Are you excited about it?
Sure, man.
So you were to wear.
You were to Calder and Gulf Stream.
And how'd you do it?
Did you enjoy it?
Yeah, had a good time.
I walked out of there with a couple of bucks more than I weighed in.
And we went to the Capitol plain.
I wasn't going to be kind of a Whombler.
But I was going to be the Gated Calder.
And of course, this is what I hate the most about Thurberian race.
We're not reaching the GADS post time.
It's how long it takes to get them into the Gated.
Especially when one of the horses or more acts up.
And they say, oh, I don't want to go in there.
I don't want it.
Yeah, but it's a race.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
There is a four-go in 3-5 heavy duty favorite.
The two, the deuces, the second choice, 3-1, the douche.
It's only a six-horse field.
How long can it take them to get in?
Waiting for sticky, skipping.
Yeah, I got the sticky, sticky for you.
Come on, let's go.
Stippy, sticky, sticky, all in line.
There we go.
Now this guy's okay.
He's not bad.
And they're all.
And very even start.
Yeah.
Thunder, counter, is fast.
And we're up and out.
The lead to the Red Mercury came out of the water.
And he's got a four-go in order.
A four-outside sticky, skipping now into second.
From the rail, BL's the door.
He's just moving through.
Bolerium is just one.
But only about four-linked off the pace.
He's dead.
And the only one not showing speed is Camp Town Kid.
He's now got about seven or eight to make up.
On Thunder, counter, and Eddie Nunez, as they move out.
It's a hard on him, Mark.
It is Thunder, counter.
Now just three parts of a length from Red Mercury, Bolerium there on the end.
I may be caught wide into the turn.
And his money.
BL's the door is down along the rail.
Now with about two and a half lengths to make up.
Stippy, Skippy, is dropped back just a bit.
Nothing yet from Camp Town Kid.
They're into the far turn.
Thunder, counter, shaking away on the front end.
He's open out.
He's not a lead at two and a half lengths.
It's Thunder, counter, going well past the quarter-ball.
He's got about a four-linked lead as they come to the top of the lane.
Bolerium is trying to out-get out after him.
Whip is out now on Red Mercury.
They're just going up and down in second and lower.
And now he's being on Thunder, counter, who has opened up quickly now,
deleted by a dozen.
Thunder, counter, and a blink of an eye as daylighted this field.
And he is powering down to the line.
Thunder, counter, very impressive.
He'll win by about ten lengths.
Camp Town Kid, a good rally up the rail for a second in front of Red Mercury.
432 in the first decoder.
You got it?
432-5.
Show one to two shots.
Three bucks.
Right, ain't that enough?
Yeah, go catch your ticket.
Let's go catch your ticket.
Here comes the money.
You go for nice.
432-560-QAM.
B.
Sports leader.
The quailing is an in-bisole.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you, Mr. Guy, who still thinks Bush is doing a good job.
Mr. Guy is still thinking Bush is a...
Who commutes to work with a spy on your face as you paid $3.78 a gallon
and adjust the plastic Jesus on your dashboard.
How's the million now?
Bush is approval ratings are at an all-time low.
But you don't care.
You're a Red Stator and broke back Mountain never played a theater near you.
Don't watch, brother, we bear.
There's no such thing as global warming.
Those sinners in New Orleans got what they deserve.
And yes, the Earth was created in seven days.
Don't tell me that it's ever a moonshot.
The Warner Rack is a noble fight.
And by golly, one day we'll find those nasty weapons of war.
You're a real American A-hole.
Absolutely.
You bet $1.31.560.
It sounds like I'm talking while I'm eating your right.
Does it sound like that?
I'm sorry, Alison was telling me something.
What was she telling you?
She was doing a good job.
I'm going to be the producing for Hank at a Thalphance Camp.
So she's telling me what to do for him.
When is this going to be?
Today?
Yeah.
You're going to see the offer?
Correct.
Well, give him a big kiss for me.
I'll give him a big hug.
How's that?
I'll give him a big sum.
Okay.
And I'll give him the number to have him call on Monday.
On Monday would be good.
We can have a farewell cross-dress crossover.
We'll do.
You know what I'm eating now?
Because I'm going to the woodbond again right at two o'clock.
I got my cabie, my tourist cabie coming.
You missed a big dinner for Hank last night apparently.
They had a big dinner for Hank?
I'd sure was, yeah.
Who had it?
I don't know.
The station had it?
Apparently Clarence took everybody over there.
Clarence had a dinner for Hank last night?
That's what I'm being told for somebody else.
Why?
That's what I'm being told, yes.
Wow.
Are they going to have a big dinner for me?
Well, you'd have to come down here.
No, thanks.
Anyway, I'm having a weeny and some Swiss cheese.
Cool.
Now who is the one that told you they never eat?
I have never had a cold hot dog.
I can't believe that.
Why?
Have you ever had cold bulone?
I'm not really into bulone, you know.
So Lamy?
Yeah.
Mortodella?
I don't know what that is.
You're better than your with it.
Okay.
Did you put the hot dog first and then it got cold and then you had it or did you just take it right out of the package?
I took it right out of the package.
Oh, I've been eating cold beans all my life.
That's what I hear.
Yeah.
Where's from?
Where's that?
Nothing.
I don't understand how anybody can get as fat as you've been and be so then picky and what they eat, you know.
What can I say?
It would seem to me that a fat schlab like you would eat just by anything you can get your hands on.
Well, no.
340 on a pool.
Oh, speaking of idiots, there's wolf looks for you.
The boss has been sad.
Oh, he's been dead for several hours now.
People have fought so hard.
I put my feet.
It's our spirit.
It's her spirit still on there.
See, her spirit lives on.
She was going to bring democracy to Pakistan, likely story.
And the US were the ones who said, oh, yeah, come on.
Come back to a Pakistan and get things going.
Bring democracy back.
That worked out really well.
There's not a person who's dead because of George Bush.
I just mentioned that in passing because of the Neocons.
These are a bunch of lunatics.
These are maniacs.
Okay.
They don't know from democracy in that part of the world.
They don't want democracy.
And what they want is to be left alone to live.
They would like to have water and electricity, things like that.
But other than that, how's our act on?
It's a mess.
A lot of dead people, a lot of body parts.
That's what I hear.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neal, I'm from Canada.
Have you heard of this slap off?
I heard.
Okay.
What kind of a bad phony accent is this?
Have you heard of this slap off?
How long have you been working on this one, pal?
Have you heard of this slap off?
Yeah, I heard of it.
Ruben Jones.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count 5, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless
line.
I don't want to read any bedtime stories while I'm eating.
So I sound like Mushmouth, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Like the Crow, Mushmouth.
Don't we have one of those drop-ins where he's doing Mushmouth?
I'm not sure.
Or that's right.
You don't have this stuff, do you?
Nope.
I'm going to have a DCS button.
How about Mushmouth?
You have an M&B, but the Crow, the Meeb, the Bloppa.
Okay, but?
Yeah, there's the Crow Mushmouth.
Don't see him, no more, we're either.
Well, a lot of people have come in and come out.
So, clearance had a dinner for a Hank last night.
Why?
Were you there?
Were you invited?
I just found out about it today, so I was really not.
You weren't invited?
No.
So, who was that?
Um, Mr. Goss there?
I don't know, I can try and find out.
Did you tell clearance about getting the schedule for us for the next week?
No, he's...
I haven't actually seen him myself.
I've been told he's here.
I've walked by his office three different times, and he's not in it.
Oh.
Well, he's probably out playing my big party.
Oh, that's a good say, a funeral.
Or it could be.
It could be that kind of a party.
WQIM, hello.
Neil, are they going to make room for the trial when the Hank leaves?
Yeah.
Yeah.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Look, I followed you through every diet over the years.
Everything I have, balloons, backups, and free-picks.
What are we doing now, Neil?
Waiting for the box.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Have a good time, pal.
I have a great new year, okay?
Mind your mind, Joe.
I got no solutions for you.
Although yesterday I will say this.
I had no carbs of any kind yesterday.
I had the good.
Am I blood sugar down nicely?
Cool.
I've had no crap here so far today.
And I'm going to whip my bread at two o'clock, and I'm not going to eat any garbage there either.
Although I could get a couple of Snickers bars, but I won't.
Hmm.
I'll stick with my weenie and my Swiss cheese.
Did you say they have a macaroni and cheese up there?
No, when you stop, yes they do.
Good, really good macaroni and cheese.
Well, don't get them.
Why?
Don't get it.
You are such a bastard.
That was the farthest thing from my mind.
Every racetrack in their cafeteria.
Well, at least everyone I've ever been at.
Has great macaroni and cheese.
I don't know why.
Even if the rest of the food sucks, the macaroni and cheese is always great.
Calder had great macaroni and cheese.
WQAM, hello.
I do.
Yes, sir.
I was thinking maybe you can slice them up the back of Hank's neck and cook that up and bake.
No, no, no, no, no.
WQAM, hello.
We all back.
Yes, sir.
I got a question.
On your list on the website, can you download them and put them on an ipod?
If you missed them or something like that.
It's a question, Chris.
Computer risk group.
I don't know.
I don't use iPods.
So I think iPod is only iPod specific tunes.
If I download it like on two, I don't lose or something or if I just save it in like a file.
My guess would be no if it's only going into an iPod.
If you have a regular MP3 player, that's not an iPod.
It would be a yes.
So I could probably download it and maybe listen to it on a Windows Media Player.
Yeah, you could do that.
Okay, and the complete shows?
Sure.
Okay, thank you Neil.
Thank you for that.
You've got the time, man.
And the price is right.
Thanks, Paulie.
Thanks.
Here's your guy once you're the entire show over and over and over again.
Good for you, man.
See, there's somebody as opposed to these hard-ass.
Why don't you retire now, you miserable old Jew-fag son of a bitch, you fat slava.
Because I don't want it.
I don't want it.
It's as simple as that.
There's some people who would like me too.
They would, they, they want it, but I don't want it.
And guess what?
Even though I'm just sitting here talking to myself.
I'm not to hang it up.
And they'll have to stick me in a box.
Yeah, good, don't hang it up.
They'll have to croak before I'm off the air.
Somewhere.
Even if I just do the show on the internet, I could do that, couldn't I?
Yeah, of course.
You can go out and sell a bunch of spots.
What biggest name?
The best town of Turgers and Illogics.
4205.60QAM.
The next fourth leader.
There's an, on Clear Street right now.
The Middle Eastern world.
We'll be exploded to a dumb at people killed.
With the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescitation.
And the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled.
To get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there, Tautin and the right.
Wee is drilling it over and over.
Into our hits.
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
3000 people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught.
Going after sat down to.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
Unnamed in Laden.
But no one seems concerned all.
Humvee and complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right.
Wee is drilling it over and over.
Into our hits.
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass-professor.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
Flying obedient cattle don't have any reservations.
That'll undergo battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall.
It's halibut and it's no.
With no objection at all.
Democraft don't have the balls and the right.
Wee is drilling it over and over.
Into our parade watch, then.
I have.
Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I have.
Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Yes, so they lied a little bit.
Okay, while we're going to get upset.
14-1, that bit is so classic, man.
It should be played on loudspeakers from coast to coast, from pillow to coast, all over the world from out to the end of time.
When you think?
I totally agree.
I love it a bit.
Here are some facts that came in, which I guess that means you just checked the facts.
You know, is that going to be with us tomorrow?
Uh, Zach is off tomorrow now.
He was supposed to be off today and he would have been with us tomorrow.
Except Joe decided.
You know what?
I want to take today off so you take tomorrow off.
Joe Rose.
Correct.
Not Joe Mama or Joe Castello or Joe Bill.
Joe Rose.
Here's a fact that says, a Neil Don't worry about the misdeedling of the election in 2008 because they're not going to be one.
Something's going to happen.
B and it'll delay the election.
Maybe they'll just call it off.
That's one thing I'm worried about.
These don't worry about anything to stay in part of the Neil Cohns, baby.
And we got a bunch of people who were faxing us earlier, like right before 11 o'clock, central Florida area getting you to find on the Internet.
Thank you, central Florida.
I heard you online on the Internet before and now you'll be gone.
Can't hear nothing.
Back to A and broadcasts Don and Mommy.
Well, Don, I hope you're back on the Internet because we're back on their frowers.
Here's one that says, hear you now in Orlando area offered 20 minutes.
And I said, these people will let us know what was going on there with you.
That's when they hit all of it.
Oh my God.
We had some real crap going on earlier in the beginning of the show.
Technical crap.
Now that we got it back up again in Texas and California.
And now that the servers are back up and Eric and Steph and everybody has been standing on a head and doing cartwheels, everything is just fine for a long time, right?
Correct.
It's for a few minutes.
We're streaming it.
Even Ken and Natobico sent me an email on my space.
How's it going?
A cam? We're back on there.
I'm sure he knows it.
Obviously he's in Toronto.
He's listening online.
I think I should be on the air in Toronto, don't you?
Yeah, sure.
What?
Talking about how the leaf sucks so bad.
I mean, you know, you can watch the leaf TV, which is nothing but propaganda.
Oh, there's a Jason Blake.
I guess Jason thinks he's still playing for the islanders.
Nice giveaway there in the overtime, Jason.
And I said, handing them the game you idiot.
You, uh, God, is he ugly 371 votes on the pool?
Which grade would he give to your 2007?
Oh, look at that.
That's good news.
Oh, not bad news.
F, the worst year of my life, 26 and A, one of the best if not the best, only 23 in last place.
A.
So I guess it wasn't a very good year.
Remember that song?
It was a very good year.
No, was that?
No, no, no.
You don't remember that song?
No.
That's way before your time.
That's because I'm old.
You know, old and craggy, old and crappy.
And of course, Ben is their butto.
I mean, you know, she isn't even in the box yet.
I don't know.
How do they do the funerals?
You're asking me how I did.
No idea.
Nice smite though that she always wore.
Had like the queen, you know, the queen's got that scarf that they...
Not a scarf.
What do you call that thing that the world is in a scarf?
Sure.
Over their head of shawl.
Yeah, probably.
I think shawl's over the shoulders are probably scarfed.
Nice one.
Well, it doesn't make any difference though.
She's dead.
A head scarf, yeah.
Already, she is not even in the box yet.
They're writing all these speculative articles.
Here's one by Rick Moran on the American thinker.
Who killed Budo?
He says conventional wisdom would point to finger at Islamic
extremists in Pakistan as the ones who pulled off the successful
assassination of former Prime Minister Ben-Zerbuto.
They made no secret of the fact that killing Budo was the number one priority.
They despised her relative secularism and the fact that she was a woman doing man's work.
But most of all, they needed to kill her in order to bring on rest to Pakistan.
They'll sit in the stage for what they hope could turn into a bloody civil war.
And the victory of extremists.
In this scenario, Al-Qaeda knows to sympathize with them both in and out of government
could be responsible for her death.
The intelligence service, ISI, has many Islamist sympathizers and its ranks
and getting through the security that surrounded Budo could have been facilitated
by the professionals in Pakistani intelligence.
As details of the attack are revealed, that aspect of the puzzle may come together.
Who else might have carried out such an attack?
The Pakistani people apparently are blaming President Musharraf,
thinking he offered her in order to give her a rid of arrival for power.
Or the reasoning goes, he had Budo killed her and reestablished some kind of one-man rule.
The problem with blaming Musharraf is that the lasting the Pakistani President wants at this point
is violence in the streets.
Dawn is reporting that tear gas is already being used against protesters in Peshwar
and the possibility of millions of Pakistanis riding in the major cities
is Musharraf's main nightmare at the moment.
This is not to say as I mentioned above that elements of the government weren't in on the plot,
but Musharraf would have had to have a death wish to kill Budo.
Is it possible this was a lone nut?
It's possible but not very likely.
Security surrounding Budo was several layers deep
and it would seem extremely unlikely that anybody could wander through the security net
and blow himself up.
This is why the finger keeps coming back to a detailed plot
with perhaps complicity among Budo's bodyguards.
The reason for that speculation is that the early reports indicate that shots were fired inside the vehicle
immediately before the suicide bomber detonated himself.
It could be that the bomber was able to push his way into the car following Budo
who witnessed a save-way shot as she was getting into the car.
The next few days will tell the tale for Pakistan and separates to bring democracy to the country.
Elections scheduled for a little more than two weeks from the naval feature
a new leader of Budo's Pakistani People's Party can hear she fill Budo shoes
if not Pakistan's in for some very dangerous times.
Is there a connection between the killing of Budo and Musharraf's campaign in the Swag Valley?
Quite possibly.
From December and the 8th ABC News, the Pakistani Army is claiming that Swag Valley
is clear of Islamist militants.
We should this make any sense.
From December the 8th ABC News claim that the Pakistani Army says the Swag Valley is clear of Islamist militants.
We share our forces of killed 290 rebels and arrested another 143.
But Pro-Taliban Cleric Maluna Files Lula is still on the run, but they got some name problems.
With 200 to 400 hardcore fighters including some foreigners.
What's that guy's name on the Cowboys that we were talking about yesterday?
Oh, uh, uh, the Marcus wear.
The Marcus.
I mean, what do you like better? Malana or the Marcus?
I'll take the Marcus, because I can say it.
Nia, Files Lula.
It's not unreasonable to assume that the remnants of Files Lula's forces are behind the attack on Budo
given that they were kicked out of the Swag Valley almost three weeks ago in our desperate
to continue their campaign of destabilization.
Also, Major General John Juah of the Pakistan Army says it will take about four months
to completely restore order in the Swag Valley.
Maybe they need a Swag Squad.
In the meantime, Pro-Taliban forces could very well have dispersed and then regrouped to conduct the attack.
And maybe chickens peat and maybe this and maybe, uh, you know, who killed Cockrobin?
And who did this and who did that, you know?
That's the way it works in America, man.
All the conspiracy theories, all the plots, all the... let's assume this.
You know, don't let the dust settle for a couple of minutes or give it a sticker as a box.
There she is again, but she was a... if you think I'm a snappy dresser, what if he had me put the shame?
I guess it's, you know, it's that traditional thing.
The Berkha and the Jerkha and the... you're gonna go to Hodge, by the way.
Is it a little of that thing over with already? Hodge?
You're all slump into a mecha?
Uh, no idea if it isn't.
Let me tell all you kids out there about a school.
Religious people are crazy people and they're responsible for all these dead people, okay?
All over the world since the beginning of recorded time, man invented all these stupid ass religions
and they keep fighting amongst each other who's about to write religion,
and they claim to be pious and holy and all this other crap,
and all they are a bunch of murdering intolerant bastards, okay?
All you kids, if your parents tried to slump into church or shul or the mosque tell them, eh, fed you.
That's a raspberry, by the way.
Forget about it.
376 on your full, like I said, we're shooting for 400.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, you know, it's the time, man.
It's that time of the year. It's the most wonderful time of the year is what they say to me.
It's the most horrible time of the year.
Now, what did you get? You gonna get gifts for Christmas?
Yeah, I got a couple DVDs, got a couple of serve, got a lot of money, DVDs.
DVDs, yeah.
Uh, got some shirts, got some gift certificates.
Wow. Yeah, you know.
Well, it sounds to me like then you won't have to get that raised this coming year.
Yeah, okay.
Well, I mean, with all that free stuff and all the free meals that you keep...
Suck it up there.
You don't need money.
What do you mean money is the root of all evil?
Then maybe evil.
Look at me, man.
I'm a magnet.
You're a pushover.
I'm a magnet, that's me.
But then by the me, though, I like handing out money like Sandy Claus.
Sandy Cow.
5670560.
Maybe the one or two hour will take a lot of calls.
What do you think?
No.
Not a good idea.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
I was just answering your WDQYM.
Hello.
Maybe this call will decide whether we do it or not.
QYM is nobody on it.
So you see, it's still up in the air.
Well, he didn't wait long enough.
Okay, if they just would wait another half hour.
Oh yeah, so apparently Mandage put the dinner together.
And it was Mandage, Josie, Curtis, John Cope, the Beast.
I forgot about Allison was there.
What does this have to do with clearance?
Well, Allison said clearance with the other half.
Yeah, without a doubt.
But then I was wrong.
They came back in in the last break and said,
actually it was Mandage that kind of put it all in.
Animal and Mad Dog.
Oh right.
He's a good guy.
Yes, he was all of you.
I thought I was told it was all the people that Hank likes.
Why did he was here?
He was in Jaguina gathering.
Now, why would you say that?
I don't know.
I can't speak for Hank.
I don't know how many people around there.
He likes your not.
So was clearance at this day or not?
I believe so, yes.
Yeah, he was there.
Yeah.
He was one of the many that was named.
They called him Josie, so I'd let you know, re-translate.
You know how hard I'm biting my tongue now?
Don't hurt yourself.
There's blood spurting under the log, under the schedule, under the board.
I'm biting my tongue so hard.
That was a reason.
Leading, huh?
That was a raspberry.
I'm always doing a best out of it.
He's no magic.
Sportage of 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
I don't know.
Since he reslead, he has won Natasha and I know, lo, to have to look for him.
So, instead, we listen to a near-roger's fair and balanced one to two hours.
Hello.
I'm calling for Peter Brown.
Speaking.
Peter.
Yes.
I'm Clarence.
Expert radio program director for Sporthold Radio in Miami.
The only thing that matters.
It's been brought to my attention that you're in the market for a new sporthold gig.
It won't just so happen that we're working favoritiously and blowing out our midday talents.
Why?
Well, he wants money.
But he's just not obedient enough.
Yeah, but wait a minute.
What kind of money are we talking about?
Oh, we'll discuss that later.
Hey, you're just gonna love it down here.
The fun, the sun, the surf.
It's paradise.
Give me a number to work with here.
What exactly are you offering me?
Peter Brown.
I want you for my sporthold.
So I can put my hands in your underwear.
You can kiss me when we go on a date.
Then I can bike your arm and libel on your ear.
All put the boards, panthers and the dolphins.
You'll pop your shorts.
With our coverage of ping pong can't get over how I'm earning well over six figures.
Since figures.
Having never known about radio before.
I have a stable now of sporthold sicklepan tours.
Not a problem since the management here is sharp as a matsu ball.
Peter Brown.
I want you for my sporthold.
Peter Brown.
I want you for my sporthold.
That was some more bad information that you got and passed along to us.
You're just, I don't know, I hope that the new year brings you better psychic powers.
Okay.
Or better inside the informers maybe.
That's what you need.
I will fire the ones that I gave us the bad stuff.
I mean, who told you about that?
Peter Brown is signed up to do an incline story.
We didn't hire anybody.
And that's true.
At least he was being honest there.
Nice going clearance for once.
You know what they did know them?
They knew by Wednesday and Thursday.
What they were doing, but they didn't want to announce anything.
How big you pardon me?
They knew Wednesday and Thursday.
Who's this they you're talking about?
The people involved with the afternoon powers that be?
Yeah, well, the people involved with the move.
Yeah.
New about it.
Wednesday and Thursday were told not the same thing.
Or so?
What do you expect?
Boy, I would think that's something.
You would think that's what I've seen a man get a shovel and dig his own grave before,
but you're doing a hell of a job.
It's all good.
It's all bad.
You better watch it, Mr.
You better watch your peas and queues.
WQA-Q-A-N, hello.
Would you like to order five?
No, I want-
Just die.
Doesn't have to be painful.
Okay, die of painless-
Okay, that would be just as good for us.
Although a painful one would be better.
389 and you're full.
I don't know, 450 maybe a little bit out of reach, you know?
I mean, they're not coming in and chunks and clumps like they ordinarily do on a regular day,
because it's not a regular time.
Well, I can't wait.
I cannot wait until next Wednesday.
Once we get into the new year, we get back like on a regular all this-
All the excuses that people were like,
well, we're busy taking this stuff back to the store and we're busy at shoppin'
like here yesterday with this boxing day crap.
My God, you don't thought that they were giving merchandise away,
that they were handing you a hundred dollar bill with every press immersion dice day you took.
Crazy people.
And it would buy me yesterday, my God, you could barely move.
And all the-
I was like a teenage renair yesterday, the oldest of the old dead people were standing on two feet.
And you try to move somewhere like-
When you get out of my way already, you idiot, you lunatic.
Get out of here, eh?
Did you say a little Buddha?
Say hello to who?
Budo?
What are you talking about?
You said dead people were there.
What language are you speaking?
WDQA and hello?
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I was wondering, you know if I could buy your tape?
Buy what tapes?
I mean, one day, I mean, worth-
I mean, this is probably going to be the end pretty soon.
I mean, what am I going to do as far as hearing you?
What would be the end pretty soon?
What does that mean? Am I going to-
I'm feeling that we're not going to see heavy down here anymore.
I mean, as-
Wrong.
Guess what?
A real-
A real market is going to call you and sell you to come up here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Publix is going to call me a real market.
Sir, just calm down.
You're-
You're out of your mind.
You're losing it.
But I think-
Let me say it again.
I will be on the air in South Florida until I croak, has that?
I-I-I thought I'd never say this, but I thought I'd think that, uh, 790 would be a good place for you to sell-
Well, let me tell you this right now, sir.
There are two chances of my working for Joel Feinberg, okay?
I want you to write this down on both risks.
None and much less than none, okay?
Zero.
Joel Feinberg, who fancies himself as a real big shot, who talks at big game-
Oh, well, I'm going to make an offer.
I'm going to do this.
Joel Feinberg doesn't put a penny in front of your nose, number one.
And number two, he wants to make very sure that I understand that he doesn't allow anybody to-
He doesn't allow anyone to go out here and criticize him.
Why is that?
Even for beating up a girlfriend or stuff like that.
And for anything, he's an idiot.
He's an idiot.
He thinks because his dad he's got a lot of money, and as a result, he's got a lot of money.
Therefore, he's a big shot, okay?
Therefore, he's like, uh, beyond reproach.
He's beyond-
Well, screw you, Joel Feinberg, okay?
I don't want any part of 790.
I don't want it, you can have it, okay?
It's too sporty for me.
WQA-N, hello.
Firetower.
Yeah, that's for damn sure.
QA-N, hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
I was praying I'd been listening intently all week hoping that Hank would have some saluliqui-
like, uh, when Wayne said that he wouldn't play in Broward.
Like if the drop like 11th hour contract in his life.
Yeah.
I'm looking forward to that.
I'm going to be listening.
You're going to be listening to what?
The Humphur?
I want to see, I want to see Hank say something, and then they're dropping 11th hour-
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
I'm going to be listening to what?
Boy, did they look weak in that Patriot game and the first half?
It looked like they were shell-shocked.
Before you could put your ass on the sea, it was 28 to zip.
Oh, but we should have them off in a second.
I have to shut them out my ass, okay?
They were playing parchesie in the second half, okay?
They were playing parchesie in the second half, okay?
They were like a walkover.
Stop making excuses.
Okay.
I know 114 is a lot better than 15, and no question about that.
It's a very draft pick we're going to have.
Yeah, great.
By the way, the Patriots have a first round draft pick from the 49ers.
Yep.
WQA and hello.
For Neil?
For Neil what?
It's my talk to him about Heizanga.
You're speaking to him.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Only from beautiful Palm Beach.
Yeah.
When I can't stand with this business genius that he was saying he was going to sell the
stuff.
He was saying that he was going to sell the stuff.
He was saying that he was going to sell the stuff.
He was saying that he was going to sell the stuff.
He was saying that he was going to sell the stuff.
He was saying that he was going to sell the stuff.
He was saying that he was going to sell the stuff.
396, boy, we can get over 400 men over the hump.
We might make that 450, but I really doubt it.
425 sounds reasonable to me.
WQA and hello.
Uh, Medication.
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Neil.
That's the email that does not read articles.
Great.
Great.
How much does she pull in down, huh?
What kind of number is she got?
Oh!
Point.
Oh!
Who is she?
Some bitch on the era America.
QA and hello.
Eric P. Dax, tell them the ghost of them was there at Hank's dinner too.
And it's still my birthday.
I want to hear some gold from him.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Whisperer, Jr.
Very unimpressive, sir.
Okay.
Very weak performance.
Florida may not be the mag that once was, is the Harold,
at least not according to the latest census bureau estimates.
Over the 12 month period ending July 1, Florida still grew,
but at a slower pace than usual.
According to figures released today,
the state population increased by 1.1% to 18.3 million.
Over the previous 12 month period,
the growth rate was 1.8%.
Over 18 million people in Florida, huh?
I guess the word hasn't got out.
Greg Hartford demographer with the census bureau called Florida's
diminished growth rates growth rate rate 19 last year compared to the 9th
to the previous year, little surprising.
The state's population has been exploding for decades,
fueled both by retirees migrating from the north,
and immigrants pouring in from the Americas.
No speaking English.
In other highlights, Louisiana, which laws 250,000 people after Katrina
tore through in August 2005, saw an increase of about 50,000 people,
a 1.2% increase, total population in that state is 4.3 million,
but still a long way from the 4.5 million who lived there before the storm.
Things are not at all well in New Orleans, said Greg Rigg,
or a lifelong New Orleans resident urban planning expert.
They're clearly getting better, but it's no time to be popping the champagne quirks,
he said.
Go pop it!
Okay, and the cork either.
In Louisiana, the beer estimates an increase of 29,000 people,
where the state from other states, accounting for more than half of the jump.
Do we care about New Orleans?
No.
I mean, yeah, we have Rochmonis, we have sympathy for them, but other than that.
Who'd hell wants to go there in the first place?
Nevada regained the title of fastest growing state,
having increased in population by 2.9% to 2.6 million.
Nevada held that title for 19 years in the ruby for being buffed off by Arizona last year.
Arizona is the second fastest growing state, according to the current estimate,
where the population increase of 2.8% to 6.3 million.
Only two states lost population,
Michigan population, did by 3, 10% of a percent,
and Rhode Island saw a decrease of 4, 10% of a percent.
Ohio's growth was virtually flat.
Besides Nevada and Arizona, other western states
made the top 10 fastest growing Utah was there.
Oh my God, watch out for the tumbling tumbleweed.
Idaho 4th, Colorado 8th, and Wyoming, number 9.
In the southeast, Georgia was number 5 nationally,
North Carolina 6th, and South Carolina was 10th.
A lot of people, 18.3 million in Florida.
Can you believe that?
And at least 2,300,000 of them speak English.
What's your biggest name?
The best out.
New York is near the largest.
Fort like the 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The third.
Hold on.
I have five pizza burger combos with a super sized diacol,
and fries, a new contract with a two-year extension,
and a dozen Zeppelin.
A oily paper bag of griveness, a gallon of pistachio,
mint ice cream, industrial sized box of cornflakes,
a one-month membership, a blue boy online,
and a quarter-sum-yong guy.
Yeah, a cool cool sandwich on Pomponico,
a line-flavored, grisco fluffy, a box of tripe tenders,
10 nearly burgers, a bromo-seltzer, and a pocket full of miracle.
For now, yeah.
If anyone is still there with the contract negotiation
the other way, I should bring your attention to you.
Hey, wait a minute, Neil, hold on a second.
Excuse me, you'll take trays.
I said try, try, try, try, tenders.
Oh, I think I still have the free baseball cards
with a family lead.
Okay, this is your best one, Johnny.
Okay, well 17, WDQ William, hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil there.
Speaking.
Yeah, Neil, I love your show.
I've been listening since the IMZ days, man.
Oh, Rob.
That's like you're the greatest thing in the world, man.
I'm glad to hear that you said you're going to stay here
for a while, man.
Forever.
Forever, that's good.
God bless you.
Neil bless you.
Yes. Have a great New Year, Pellie.
You do that.
Here's a couple of thanks to this.
First of all, there's one with 85 pages about
Jetcrans survivors on our airboat hero from,
I don't have any idea what this is all about.
Were you here then?
No.
No.
December 29, 1972 Crash of Eastern Airlines
played for one of your games.
No, I was not here then.
I don't know anything about this story,
and it's like way too long.
But thank you anyway.
Do you have any idea what that story's about?
No.
Closet listener faxist says iPod can play MP3.
I download your show and it will remove the dead air.
Copy to my iPod and take it with me.
I only listened to you on the net when it's working.
Well, it's working most of the time.
The day we had some issues earlier.
But now in Texas and California, it's still working.
Oh, on the servers, baby.
Well, that was a spastic creative time there this morning, wasn't it?
It was interesting.
Now, was it just a coincidence that the phone,
that my phone thing, I don't know?
No, probably not.
Probably when they reset the internet here, maybe on the net.
Yeah, that's true.
Here's one that says sometimes the internet cuts out
when you're running a spot and QM doesn't want to hurt
then all of a sudden it's back.
I'm running a spot.
Well, we go to commercial.
Why?
When we go to commercial.
What does that mean?
We can't play our regular video.
I understand that.
Listen, those of you listening on the internet,
kiss your monitor, okay?
The price is right.
WKWAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is this Neil?
Yes, it is.
Oh, okay.
I like to call it on the show.
I make a pardon.
I'm sorry.
It's Eddie from Western.
Yeah.
Neil.
Let me ask you a question.
You said, is this Neil and I said yes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I had a question for you.
So, why did you tell me it was Eddie from Western?
Oh, I'm sorry, man.
Go ahead, Eddie.
I got a question for you.
What ever happened to feel angry?
Does he feel on the show?
The beats are all out of me.
He's on.
He's off.
I don't know.
No clue.
We can go to the ball.
We can go to the ball.
We can go to the ball.
We can go to the ball.
We can go to the ball.
We can go to the ball.
That's incredible.
Anyway, great show.
I've been listening to you for years.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks, Pellie.
Have a happy.
See you.
That was Eddie from Western, by the way.
Now, he just got confused.
That's all.
Don't start being nasty to the callers.
Like, I get accused of doing.
Okay.
410 votes on the poll will never make 450 by the way.
Like I said, 425 would be a nice uneven number.
It would be really good.
In fact, 425 grand of woodbind would be really nice.
Maybe 6 million on the, what do they call that?
I forget what they call it.
A lot of money.
A lot of money.
Although, actually, the lotto of this Saturday is 22 million.
How many tickets do you buy?
I haven't bought any yet, but I will.
Okay.
All depending on how much I win it would buy next couple of days.
22 million is the lotto.
Tax free, by the way.
They don't play those games to taxing you.
I mean, taxing people on lottery or gambling winnings is so obnoxious.
So disgusting.
So American, man.
Are acceptable.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a big bet going.
Tom Brady was on the cover of GQ.
Do you know, is there any truth to it?
What's the story?
You know?
What about it?
Well, that and also Georgian Adam sat on your lap.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Happy holidays, Neil.
Back to you, sir.
I am currently driving my daughter home, I'm I-95.
From an early age, I got her native hair in the school of Neil Rogers.
And we were wondering if we could get a little bunny, takes it dumb.
Oh, yeah.
Fat chance.
Yeah, sure.
Dump on this.
WDQA and Hello.
WDQA.
Yeah.
You know, still I hear you hung up right after we said it.
Mm-hmm.
QA and.
Yeah, Neil.
Just want to let you know that you are my favorite entertainer along with Victor Borg.
And I just want to know, do you think now that Hank is gone, maybe George can do the power
hour with that?
Yeah, Georg is going to do a power shower, yeah.
I love it.
And you told me that wouldn't be good calls today.
I don't know what's wrong with you.
Oh, yeah.
413 on your full.
Well, that's why you're negative because the pool isn't exactly set in the world on fire.
And I don't see what the difficulty is.
There ought to be like a million votes on here because it's not, you know, it doesn't require
an opinion.
We're just asking for information.
That's all.
Was it a great year?
A good year?
Although the choices do suck.
Should I add eight plus?
Should I add eight plus?
No, not eight plus, but I did choices.
Aren't really a very well presented, if you ask me.
I don't want to look a gift to pool in the mouth because somebody who occasionally sends
us a pretty good crap, you know.
But nevertheless, it sucks.
417 on there.
And the worst part of it is worst year of my life.
30.
Look at that.
About 30, man.
And it was one of the best if not the best only 24.
So 2007 will be glad to close the door on its ass, you know.
That's pretty interesting information at the Mad Dog through a big going away party for
hanging.
That's gone, Mad Dog.
I'm proud of him.
Oh, your boy, Kimbo is there too.
You know, you have this magnificent way of spoiling everything, you know.
No matter how good it is, you can spoil it.
You could spoil it, but Anna's split.
I could be sitting here with my spoon getting ready to put the first spoonful from the
banana split and you'd probably walk by in fart real bad.
That would be a good idea.
Yeah, you would.
Out loud, no less.
No, out loud.
WQAM, hello.
I'm still here.
Too bad.
QAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Camille.
Yes, sir.
Hey, when are you going to be on satellite, right?
Not.
I'm thinking that it's not going to happen.
Just because, I mean, the contract you have with QAM, when that's not going to happen.
The satellite isn't paying anybody.
How it's taken all the money.
Satellite is paying nobody any money.
Really?
For sure, yes.
You get so much more exposure, I would think you would get a huge audience that way too.
I mean, besides.
But let me ask you this question.
Sure.
After all these years, and in my age, you think I'm worried about having a lot of this huge
audience, it's the high man.
And if they don't want to pay any money, you think I want to be on there for the honor
of being on satellite?
No, no, no.
You got to get the money.
That's right.
You got to get the money.
You got to get the money.
I mean, I want to be.
I want to be.
See you.
50 million year for Howard, baby.
Squat for everybody else for the rest of the world.
Oh, but we're serious.
We're the Alex Bennett, Lynn Samuels, Farrell.
People that can't get hired like a real job on regular radio.
That's who they put on there.
Bubba loves punch, who went to go back to regular radio again, just to make a few bucks.
He's working his ass off.
He's working double duty now just to make a living.
So the concept is great.
You know, and the serious next thing, the whole thing about satellite radio, the concept
is great.
The problem is that they don't want to pay anybody any money.
Oh, I'll tell you one thing.
I'd rather work there for peanuts than work for Joel Feinberg at any price.
That's the MSJ.
I'm sure you're listening right now.
You weasel, you phony.
Oh, I don't want anybody ripped me on the air.
Well, you know what?
Good luck to you.
Okay.
You got a real piece of crap over there.
A real losing operation.
What?
We're at the fun of them.
And it's not just a question of where's the fun of them.
What does he think he is?
He's such a big shot.
He's not going to let anybody say anything about him.
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
Paranoid.
Loser is the word.
Loser with a lot of money.
That's you, Joel.
Loser with a lot of money.
Maybe that's why he beat up his girlfriend.
Alegged.
Loose self-esteem.
WQAM.
Hello.
And he knows it's all daddy's money.
WQAM.
Hello.
Uh-oh.
Two in a row.
Can we make it three?
QAM.
Neil, thanks for your advice.
I just walked out of the bank and I fell on.
We got a lemonade and huge size.
All right.
Good luck to you, Pali.
We get a 50% cut.
418 on the pool.
Like I said, 425.
Piece of cake.
Sounds good to me.
Well, it's just, you know, it's not Christmas.
It's not New Year's.
But it's that period in between when it's just like chaos, you know.
People are shlumping.
If I got my shirt and my pants on and during this next break,
my socks and my shoes.
I actually didn't know I'm wearing socks again, did you?
And probably don't care.
What is this whole olive oil and your shoe thing or whatever?
Ancient history.
Okay.
When you die in the song, you're going to take good care of your feed, huh?
Because it's in that song, what, uh, in Book of Brian's, you know,
what are you doing here at 69?
Yeah, you want me to play it?
If you want, sure.
I just didn't know what, you know.
Now, I do have a bottle of olive oil in the kitchen, which I can go out there and
sweat on my feet.
But if you think I'm going to mess up my beautiful carpet here with olive oil, you're dreaming.
I feel like I'm going to make a poster.
Oh, they're like a poster.
There's no objects.
425.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Scusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Absolutely.
I'm going to get sold.
When he'll get sold, will he be there?
A bit to rot, though.
Will he still be coming down to Paris and to Dines?
Will they be both places at the same time?
Will he be in the air?
Or still be fat?
Or will he adopt the cat?
I don't think he'll want to move back to Florida.
When he'll 69.
No.
No, no, no, no.
And by boy, boy, boy, boy.
Make your consent with you, splapping around in his underwear.
It's indicated worldwide on the satellite, or just to wait for the beastlies to die.
Will he be spending most of his time?
Lungin' at Fort Vine.
Keeping his time filled, rewriting his last will.
When he'll 69.
If he's going to spend a lot of hard times in the town of Oily,
or is that too quick?
He'll be an old game shoe.
A much older, cranky girl.
With a blue oil, it is shoe.
Oh my god.
Or the lowloin.
Will he retire or be on the air?
On sport-hole radio.
Will he win lot-dough on a very unpuncle?
When he'll 69.
Or...
...the door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door
door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door
door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door
door room door door, or door, door door door Ms.
nyaboah, but one of thyself is shell door door door door door door door door door door door door door door doesn't look same but this room was locked up
that crowd, you know. Could you hear them Gucci cooling in the background? Something like that.
Backdome, yeah. WDQ, QAAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. This is used with trivia. You were talking
yesterday about Commander's Ghost. Commander Cody, yeah. That was actually like a psychedelic
band from the 60s called Commander Cody and the Lost Planet Airman. They played all right.
I remember that. All right. That's all I got, Neil. Okay, some useless trivia. Like you said,
let's play trivia with Mike Spindell. What do you say? Come on. Don't you people want to have fun?
Don't you want to have a good time? No. See, Spindell never realized he was on ear and
South Florida. Where having a good time is almost illegal. Don't you want to have a good time?
They want to have a good time, Mike, but listening to you talk trivia was not the answer. I wonder if
he's still alive. Mike Spindell. I'll never hold something. Never heard of the guy. He used to be on
the WSNEWS and then he was on INZ on the weekend. He did a trivia show. In fact, he was on WKAT. I do
believe when I started doing trivia, I could be wrong about that. Maybe I'm dreaming. I know
Craig Worthing used to do those awful trivia shows. Come on, Craig. Admit it. I wonder how Craig's
doing. He's still alive. I'm serious. You lose track of all these different people that you've
worked with and they used to be on ear and it would be cute. It would be interesting if
somebody would like compile a, you know, like where are they now? Besides dead. We know the ones
that are dead. At least I think we do. For $29 and your poor, I think you've got an outstanding shot at
430. Let's go for it. Kick in big fat ass on the 27th of the week. We got it. Nobody to QA
am. Hello. Hi, Neil Aurel. Okay. Two things. You heard about the Benzir Bouto was assassinated.
Now, why would you ask me that? I mean, am I living in a vacuum, sir?
So, there he's talking about it since the moment I came on ear this morning. Yes, you're still dead.
I thought that didn't hear you. Yeah. The interesting thing is that not only our father but our husband
and we're also killed there. It's kind of a crazy place to be in politics. Maybe we want to send
the, you know, Joe Bell there. Okay, great. 5.6705.60. I thought he was going to say something else.
And calm 5.60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. You don't need the secret service. They're not going
on your door, Chris. Yeah, I don't want that. No. So the way that, because that's where I thought he was going.
Yeah, have you heard that the Benzir Bouto is dead? By the way, she's still dead and they're still
hockin' a trinic about around the news. He's phony, a British accent. You're going to get your
Bouto in a box? No, I'm not. I'm going to go to Woodbuy and have me a good day. I'm going to have
some fun. I'm going to have me a great dinner tonight. WQA-M, hello. WQA-M, hello.
Yes? I called you. Oh my god. Are you calling from a box?
You didn't give me the necessary spare time. Yeah, well, guess what, you old cocker. I wouldn't give
you two seconds of airtime. Colour in a box. That's right. It's the colors that make this show.
The colors older than sawdust, man. Older than dirt. Older than Malthusla's great grandpa.
You didn't give me the necessary airtime. He had that death rattle in his voice. I could hear it.
He'll be dead before the week is over. Maybe that death catago visit him.
437 on your pole. I think you're going to do it 450. Then we'll really. Then we'll have hit the
apex of something. 437. Really? It's fine. WQA-M, hello. Hey, I'm Daniel. Yes, sir. What's going on, boss? How you doing, Pally?
I'm doing great. Can you play the Mickey Mouse, bitch? No, get out of here. All during the holidays,
you want to do all these requests. The same thing over a Mickey Mouse, the bridge center,
the bridge center, Mickey Mouse, young Neil, the bridge center, Mickey Mouse. Over to that.
That's been up in a few different parts. Yeah, that's what you ever put on a box yet.
Oh, casket with body carried from the hospital. I wore you work.
It's in the right side of the Pope through this slot by the slab. Remember, they were
schlepping him around in the almost pretty cheesy casket, too, by the way. Look at that.
Looks like an old pine box, isn't it? Well, maybe that's what they like to do. You can go out
through the backyard and make that with a hammer and nails and some cheap plywood for Kwanola. Come on,
you can do a little bit better than that. Right. The best talent. He's Neil.
I mean, well, how much are you?
I'm 60 QAM. I think for it.
Leader.
Neil Rogers. I mean, look at Rosie.
Anybody that has the kids Rosie, I feel very sorry for it.
Cell phone video, Saddam Hussein's execution.
Edicle Smith has until the end of the day to get a paternity test for her four month-old
daughter, and Smith claims that boyfriend Howard K Stern is a father.
The cult of Indianapolis, when Super Bowl 41, the tug of war over Anacol's body, Howard K Stern
wants to bury Anacol in the Bahamas. A space shuttle astronaut is doing the Florida courtroom
this morning to face serious charges stemming from an alleged love triangle.
Police say 43 or Alisa Noah Aquas armed with a bevy gun and knife when she drove from Houston
to Orlando to confront a woman she considered her romantic rival. There are reports that she
reward diapers to not stop. It's called light earth and it will involve concerts on seven continents
to promote awareness of global warming. Video Britney Spears with a shaved head circulates
over the internet now and around the world. Well, it took a big court battle with the body of
Anacol Smith has finally been in bomb. America voted. San Gaya, you are going home tonight.
Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin has died at the age of 76. Rosie O'Donnell delivered a
long show on the view this morning announcing she's leaving the show. Could Paris Hilton be going to jail
or legal trouble today for actor David Hasloth? Big fat lesbian loud-roasting attacks innocent pure
Christian Elizabeth. Ligilow and cracks up her car. Jailed life for Paris Hilton. The hotel
Harris is spending her first full day in a county long cut. Paris Hilton has been sprung.
Remanding Paris Hilton back into custody immediately.
If President Bush had not acted, vice president Cheney's former aide would have been
reported to prison in a matter of weeks. Al Gore's son has been released from a Santa
and a jail after reportedly posting a $20,000 bail. Actress Lindsay Loewen is now out of
rehab and reportedly already spent a weekend partying in Las Vegas.
Anti-war actor The Cinty Shea and several hundred protesters are calling for the impeachment
of President Bush. We had Lindsay Loewen booked on the show tonight but apparently she was
already booked. And have you heard about the Britney-Siris photo shoot? Her behavior has been
described now as a complete meltdown. Nicole Richie is president. Richie led guilty last
week's of driving under the influence last December for driving the wrong way on the freeway.
Another mug shot for Lizzy Mo. Mary Bonds has become baseball's new home run king but is his record
Tintin? Playing bumper cars with Britney Spears could this be her latest meltdowns? The
other two reportedly crashing her Mercedes into a parked station wagon in Hollywood when inspecting
the damage she managed to hit the car again. Harle Roe has called it quits. The flooding with
so bad Hillary Clinton had to switch from her pantsuit to wet suit. But tell is recalling millions
of Chinese made toys today. On the day Michael Vicks should have been with his Atlanta Falcons
teammates getting ready for tonight's big game. The star quarterback instead was in a federal
corporate pleading guilty to dog fighting charges. Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing
despite a guilty police stemming from an incident in an airport men's room. Craig stated he is
not gay three times. Saying he did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis airport. Today a very confused
president bush ordered a ban on all pencils and photo from China because he said they may contain
the lead. I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people at the Minneapolis
airport. Las Vegas police are calling OJ Simpson a suspect. He says he was conducting
quote a sting operation at a sink and stumbling around. Britney Spears big comeback
full flat. Pamela Anderson has walked down the aisle once again. Yes you know my now Britney
Spears has lost custody of her children. Yeah. But who's got to talk to them at night and
let's think a lullaby tonight. Kid Rock is out of jail following his arrest after allegedly fighting
outside a waffle house restaurant in the Atlanta area. Harry Potter fans this one's for you.
It turns out the character Dumbledore is gay. Vice President Dick Cheney is going hunting.
I don't know if the writer is going to strike her not. Hudson Coles. This is the latest in NFL
history that unbeaten teens have met. House Democrats introduced a proposal yesterday to impeach
Vice President Dick Cheney. Another hard scare for Vice President Dick Cheney.
controversial radio host Don I'm Mrs. Back on the air. Former Vice President Al Gore and members
of the U.M. Climate Change panel are now officially Nobel laureates for their work on global warming.
House beat because for 34 13 13 at 0 now the NBC announced that Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien
are returning to TV in January. Pamela Anderson she filed for divorce on Friday. Then yesterday
she had a change of heart.
Far Long Live.
You fell.
We'll take a cup of kindness for
I
Have a great depressing 149. It's 11 before 2 in the man dog for you have 452
I told you to do your 450 man. What a day huh? Oh, right? I'm gonna win 80 zillion dollars
It would mind today or least four or five good luck WQ a.m. Hello Q. I.m
W Q a.m
Hello
W Q a.m. Hello
Let me just do that. There's a guy with the show cute up nice film with your CDs
That's maybe the guy with the eyes and sister somebody Q. I.m. Hello
Q. I.m. Yeah, I wanted to thank you for
We want to thank you for getting out of our face
Yeah, I'm gonna thank you for being Reverend John Reverend John Reverend John Reverend John
You know, like I said somebody out there knows who that son of a bitch is and somebody out there is gonna break
Both kneecaps to be a great idea and we would applaud give you like a sitting ovation would be not yes
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 6 6 11 rising singular wireless line. Come any Q. I.m. Hello. Meal. Yes. How's everything going great?
Listen, I just want to talk to you about a couple of things one
Where did you get that tape you just played now the cut up of all the events over the year? That was great
Where did I get it? Yeah from one of our services one of our you know where they may crap
They did a wonderful job. They did that wonderful job. Beautiful. Yeah
Second thing what do you think about this situation with Jason Taylor? I know sports public sucks
I think you're pardoned. What do I think about a civil situation with Jason Taylor? What does that mean?
He's bald. He's still bald
That's a sports talk and I thought it's gonna be from the one. Yeah, and that's gonna be
Conflictly without you sports talk now. So so now why are you bringing up sports craft? I know I hate sports craft
You want to get out of here then?
What do I think about Jason Taylor? I think he's old and he's basically finished
That's what I think about Jason Taylor Jason. There you go. Okay. What? Jason Taylor is that old and finished?
Okay, he's great. Okay, if he's playing on a dynamite team
He's gonna be a fabulous again. He's gonna make a tremendous comeback. He's not bad. You're this is sick of forkin him
He's done. Are you sure you're thinking of the right person? Yeah, I know exactly who I'm thinking of number 99
Okay ball-headed. We've got a talent. That's again this year. Let me say it again done finished
He's on the way out the future of the future of your team is not with the Zach Thomas
Oh, yeah, no, Taylor. You're living in the past baby. He's better years in the behind of we still has good years left
Dominic Q. I.M. Hello
Meal actually called up for all of the day and I asked him about Miami. Yeah, he claims that you know everybody loved them
He got longer with Hank. Mm-hmm. You were a great friend of his not wrong. Yeah, and you know what your problem sir is?
I have no life. That's exactly right. Dominic Q. I.M. Hello
Just like I predicted the Jason jerk shows four hours of basketball dog awards two hours two hours two to four
WQ. I.M. Hello
Q. I.M. Chewing line. Nobody Q. I.M. Hello. Hello. Meal. Yes. Could you explain what old
Ang Zai means old anxiety? Yeah, I think of you got it. Look in the mirror man. WQ. I.M. Hello. Yeah, just happy holidays to you
I want to know if Sam's Zach's got a job yet. I'm talking about that. That's that
WQ. I.M. Hello. Q. I.M. Hello. I.M. Ola. Hey nearly two things number one the Boston couldn't be the woman's band the
Bangles of the L.O. Special team number two Christian right now sir the bangles suck okay
They're one of the few teams that lead the dance ever chance of beating they said also
Prince when they fire you there because you're showing a big parallelie I got a job for you
You're okay great. No thank you. 455 Oda on our pool they go out of the bang. What am I saying that for?
We still got tomorrow and Monday and then 2008 to the bigot off including you make that
Officially I mean I'm just saying that because you keep saying it. I think Rudy Giuliani is in a
Barrett County. What does that have to do with anything? Who cares about freaking Rudy Giuliani?
Like Joe Biden says every speech Giuliani gives us a noun or verb and then 9-11.
9-11. That was that was the best comment that Biden ever made in his life is a noun of
Urban 9-11. Mr. Hero okay what else you got to show for us Rudy?
He's got 85 lives. The best out of Tito is now Roger. Goodbye!
