I'm Junior, honey.
Got my check, finally.
Oh, right.
I know everybody's working soon, though.
Down in Miami, where the loser's out there
is a big, fast, fast, and made, Charlie Joe.
He manages a radio station there
and planning arms to pay in bills.
Joe don't care.
Joe's picked a point out that these lead greed
has just been increased.
Cracker please.
I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice
but to move on your desk a steaming pile of joys.
Oh, I'm looking forward to seeing that big Joe
on the corner of the job in Paul Meadow Park Road.
Walking through the traffic ticket cardboard
time, it says, oh, that big pop.
Can you swear me a dime?
Oh, no.
You're trying to get your stuff up up up up up up up.
That'd be, that'd be, I'm going to get my stuff up up up up up.
Oh, that'd be Joe.
Well, that's not a great good taste
because good old, that'd be Joe.
He here kept facilitating, I don't know what he did.
The thing with my check.
See, I don't know about you,
though we've been through this about 40 billion times
already over these nine and a half long QAM years.
On payday, guess what I expect?
I don't know, a flower.
You get paid, yeah, a hard pansy's right.
But it's a daffy deals.
I want my freaking check on payday.
Not the next day, I don't want a story,
I don't want to start a dance.
Well, you should have heard yesterday morning
when I called the Orphids there
and Freaky Carlos came.
What happened to him?
They give him like some butcher up pills or something?
What do you mean?
He sounded like a real human being.
It wasn't that long.
Maybe you had the wrong number.
Oh, well, Mr. Rogers,
then he puts me on hold.
It comes back to tell me that,
well, Joe Bell is in high level meetings right now.
High level meeting.
What does that mean?
Up on the roof.
High level meeting?
Up on the roof there.
Up on the roof.
Well, I'm sure it's tempted to play that again.
It's not, it's not a very part of it.
But at least you like this.
Love it.
Well, I can't convince you to give Harry Potter another try.
I told you I'm going to pretend to like it for the sake of other people.
Oh, well, that's good.
George's love is Harry Potter, by the way.
Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
I don't know, and I really don't know the family.
I just don't get all whipped up of us.
Fingers up your actions.
If somebody read great looking at it,
then I might have a different opinion.
You know me being a real old pervert and proud of it.
Speaking of perverts,
Russell and Coco starts to soft this moment
with a really interesting facts.
Thanks, Russ.
And now that I see this handwriting,
I realize that it was Russell and Coco who used to be.
Remember he denied that he was chronic.
Remember that?
Yes.
Unbelievably chronic.
But not lately, I haven't heard from him in a while.
In a duogsy age.
How does that go in a once age?
He says, I believe I was going to love this one from Central Florida on late Wednesday,
and this is my representative in Tallahassee, Russ,
says, though I've never voted for him.
Thanks, Scott.
Another big fat, smelly,
hypocritical, right-winged, pious, patriotic, neocon,
Bible-thumping, loser, bites to dust,
and here's the story.
State Representative Bob Allen was arrested yesterday afternoon
at a local park in Titusville
after offering to perform a sex act
and undercover officer in exchange for $20 police said.
Oh, what?
Alan, Republican of Merritt Island,
was booked into the Brevard County jail in sharps on the target.
What is sharps? Did you hear sharps Florida?
No, never.
Huh. On a charge of solicitation,
you commit prostitution, a second-degree misdermine,
or punishable by two a year in the County jail,
and a $500 fine.
Oh, we're fine.
He was released a few hours later after posting.
Did I mention that Kielde is going to be doing nine
to noon across the street for a while?
And maybe forever, who?
Yeah, he mentioned that.
Boy, what?
How can we?
I think it's time to hang up my microphone,
like that poll said the other day.
Bye-bye.
He was released a few hours later after posting
Pavitor Bucks bail-corded with jail spokesman.
The legislator was first elected in 2000.
Couldn't be reached for commonly yesterday.
It is from the Orlando Sentinel.
Titusville police were at Veterans Memorial Park
on East Broad Street on a burglary detail,
when they noticed an unshaving man acting suspicious,
going in and out of the restroom with three times
of Lieutenant Todd Hutchinson.
I wonder what Jim Noggle would think of that,
and Kimba Volkampor.
Wow.
An undercover officer decided to go in one of the bathroom's stalls,
Hutchinson said, moments later,
Alan knocked on the stall,
or an operative form oral sex on the officer for $20
according to police spokesman.
Wow.
I wonder who's getting the 20 bucks?
The officer identified himself took Alan into custody.
Hutchinson said the officer had no idea
the suspect was a state lawmaker after he was arrested.
Alan mentioned he was a state legislator.
He said, Alan told the TV reporter what happened
was a misunderstanding.
Right.
Something got lost in translation.
Yeah. Well, he was knocking on the tea room door.
You need any more TP in there, you know, like that.
But Hutchinson...
Was that code for something?
But Hutchinson said, need any more BJMATP in there?
Hutchinson said the representative did not dispute the undercover officers
for what happened in the park.
Alan 48, who cheers the House Committee on Energy,
is married and has one child.
He's also a former little league volunteer.
Oh, well, well, that is interesting.
And his donated time to the boys and girls
from the Central Florida.
Well, Bob Allen bites the dust.
Thanks very much Russell and Coco,
no matter how chronic you are, that was outstanding.
Always good to see another right when you're going down,
so to speak.
Oh, that's possible.
I beg your pardon?
I said, how's it going?
How are we doing on the pool?
I mean, when I read the pool today,
it's going to take at least a half an hour,
so I'll read it four times and go home.
Oh, 654.
What do you think?
Would we make a thousand off of that, Chris?
You know it.
I know what.
I mean, if I may be asking the question, Schmuck.
So, Gellie is going to be on 9-9 in the Cross of St.
on Monday.
He said the kid and Gellie back-to-back, wow, wow, wow, wow.
That sounds like a real recipe for the disaster.
Guess who died?
You already know.
Yeah, yeah, lady Berge.
She was most famous for saying,
plan a tree, a shrub or a bush.
Lady Berge Johnson, the widow of Lyndon Johnson,
who wants to subscribe her husband,
is the brains and money of his family,
and was business skills cushioned his road to the White House,
died yesterday afternoon at her home in Austin, Texas.
She was 94, believe me, that's plenty old enough.
Mrs. Johnson was hospitalized for a week last month
with low-grade fever.
What does that mean with low-grade fever?
I don't understand what that means.
What does that mean?
99.6% of the city.
Not much of a fever.
She died.
She died of natural causes surrounded by family and friends.
Mrs. Johnson was a common studying
until, instead, are often moody and vulnerable husband
as she quietly attended to the demands imposed by his career.
Liz Carpenter, her press secretary of the Rears in the White House,
wants to note that if President Johnson was the long-arm,
Lady Berge Johnson's was the gentle hand.
Maybe that's what that represented wanted to be in the atterium,
the gentle hand.
She softened herts, mediated quarrels,
a lot over many political opponents.
Johnson often said his political assent
would have been inconceivable
about his wife's devotion and forbearance,
other shared that belief.
Planned a tree is shrubber a bush.
That's what she said.
After Johnson became the Democratic nominee for President 60,
James Rex in the Washington columnist of the New York Times said,
Lyndon could never have made it this far without the help of that woman.
She was often compared to Eleanor Roosevelt,
although not nearly as ugly.
A first lady she greatly admired but did not resemble,
luckily for her.
She was ugly enough, but Eleanor Roosevelt,
she could have been the ugliest woman who was ever born.
Am I right about that?
What?
And not only that, but a bull-dike.
How did she have all those kids?
Well, I guess she just, you know,
she was just ready, willing, and able, and gross.
I guess she was probably flattered by the fact
that anybody would want to do her, Eleanor.
Wow.
Mrs. Roosevelt was an instigator and innovator,
willing to error cause without her husband's endorsement,
Ms. Carpenter said Mrs. Johnson was an implementer and translator
of her husband and his purpose, a wife and capital letters.
His purpose, like when they brought 58,000 dead kids home and body
bags from Vietnam.
Mrs. Johnson had one major cause during the Johnson presidency.
Here it comes, highway beautification.
At her husband, Push Kong,
was into passing legislation to further the program.
She made many trips to explain her husband's programs,
like had started to job core more on property,
but she never hesitated to admit during the early years
that their marriage was being expected.
Coffee and newspapers in bed and her shoes shine,
and his shoes shine, she was happy to comply.
How do you like that?
Coffee and newspapers in bed and shine my shoes, bitch.
Well, what kind of relationship is that?
I don't know.
Good one.
Bonnie Angelo reported with her,
Mrs. Johnson, her time magazine, said she took a lot of crap
from him, and most she didn't say crap I inserted the crap.
I see.
She took a lot from him, but she always said,
lended his larger than life, and she took him with equanimity.
She was the eye of the hurricane,
the com center of the mailstrom that was LBJ.
She had developed her own public projects.
She was an early supporter of the environment,
and in championing highway beautification,
worked to manage billboards and plant flowers and trees,
is what it says here,
but those of us with a really good memory here are old,
like yours truly.
Remember when she used to run around sand?
Plant a tree, a shrub and a bouche.
It's all she ever said.
Plant a tree, now they're going to plant her ass.
Isn't that wonderful?
She was 90, right?
Maybe the poor people.
Our job's in his dead, only us old parts.
Ever, you need to remember her.
Me?
Yeah.
No.
What do you say like that?
Well, you don't even like Harry Potter.
What tell do you know?
Nothing.
All the young people are,
all over Harry Potter.
Sure.
Children and little girls.
Hey, what's with you?
That's what you said.
I said, I said, children and girls.
You're knocking my friends on there,
and they're going to start getting really pioed to you
unless you keep sending in that stuff.
Oh, I guess they'll cut me off, then, huh?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, here's a bad story.
Two people were stabbed early today,
in Lauderdale.
It won't be a dispute over a bicycle
said police were sending in Rick Rocco.
That's a good name, Rick Rocco, and that could...
Sure.
Can you use the TV to bring back some to Rick Rocco?
It's Rick Rocco.
On Channel 7.
The victims' names weren't released
were 18 and 14.
Their wounds were not life-threatening.
Well, thanks God for that.
According to Rocco, police received an emergency call
about 430 this morning,
arrived to find the 18-year-old with a stab wound
of the chest, and a 14-year-old with a head injury
possibly from a knife.
The victims were in the parking lot
of the Villa's Townhouse, a townhome complex,
and the 2300 block of North was 55th way,
no way, way.
Three men were being questioned in the incident
early today, no other details immediately.
Well, both victims taken to Broward's
Animal Medical Center, and in that case,
I say good luck to them.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
That's bad.
You shouldn't say that.
Don't be knocking our fine hospitals,
Neil, that's bad.
No, that's good.
Honest.
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQM,
it's Thursday, L. Dose de Julio.
We got...
What is that?
No, they were at the Zoes Summer Groove.
What is that?
They weren't, they're actually in studio.
Well, why does it say that I'm a schedule?
Because they didn't get the abbreviated
or a new one out of the time?
Oh, what a jerk, Lawrence.
And by the way, speaking of jerks,
who's filling in for Devin Accounting this week?
The last week, whenever the hell it was,
whoever she is, another jerk.
Oh, she forgot to mail it, check,
and then she gives it to the curator.
He can't take it on the payday on Tuesday,
so he winds up taking it to the wrong place yesterday,
and Fat Asgeali did beat Joe's got to get involved.
Mad Dog at 2, we got the power hour
with Hank and the Mad Dog together, four to five.
In the same studio, must be a big studio,
Humber between 5 and 7,
Miami Dolphins all accessed between 7 and 9
and a game night with Eddie K9 to 1,
although, what does that mean, game night?
What game are we talking about?
Is there a baseball game night?
No.
There is baseball games tonight.
There is?
Not for us, but for other teams here.
Oh, is that one's game night?
Correct.
I thought it meant to...
and that's another mispron, I thought it meant game night.
God, your breasts are beautiful.
Absolutely.
BAH!
Gellby, Gellby,
Talking on a sports show.
No!
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad,
a mere old girl.
A little sports host,
what else are you doing?
You dare, more Gellby.
Gellby, talking like a baby.
You need a little training.
Like that you understand.
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands that choke.
Your scrub comes Gellby.
Gellby, Gellby, Gellby.
Gellby,
Your lucky management don't care.
Gellby,
You don't belong there on the air.
And Gellby,
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that
should find another job.
And they should only take you back
when both your baby's dropped.
Gellby, Gellby.
When you're gonna grow up,
Gellby,
you make this one a grow up.
You feel these weak people
go to broadcasting school.
Your free Q-Bes and boys make you sound like a fun.
Gellby, Gellby, Gellby, Gellby, Gellby, Gellby, Gellby, Gellby, Gellby.
And I get it 560 over here.
And now, some of the two sports stations
continue like swapping people back and forth
to info side by each.
One over here, one over there, back and forth.
And I'd say, I don't know.
Like musical chairs.
Now, who do you think would be more successful?
Joe Rose over here or Gellby over there?
That a trick question?
That was a rhetorical question.
I see.
Okay, let's go to the poll results here.
Cause I'm the poll expert.
I'm the poll man.
In the poll position.
I've seen a few polls in my time.
But I heard 164 votes on your vote.
And who'd yesterday?
What?
564?
That's not my two hand.
Why do you say that?
Oh no, cause you said that.
And you've seen a lot of polls.
And then you said 564.
Oh, more than that.
I'm sure.
700, we got on our 700.
And then again, I started it.
Yeah, the 700 club without Pat Robertson.
Maybe he'll buy soon too.
We got rid of Jerry Falball.
Maybe he'll come too.
Pat Robertson wouldn't that be wonderful?
Absolutely.
And anyway, here's George's poll yesterday,
which I thought was marginal none.
But you made up this one yourself.
I think.
No, no, that's a Charlie B.
Isn't it?
Well, the one today is a Charlie B.
About the Canadian entertainers?
Sure.
And we left off while we didn't put groups on there.
So we didn't put Rush.
We didn't put the guests who we put individual singers.
What item, George, yesterday?
Would you be most embarrassed to self-conscious about buying
and public view?
Adult diapers like the pens, 120,
although June Allison would have put you in her will.
Will she?
No, she won't, cause she's dead, but she will.
If she were here today, she would put you if you'd buy some
of the pens in front of everybody.
Maybe I should have had some enhanced damage.
It couldn't have hurt.
Oh, boy.
That was a really bad experience.
I mean, I've had that experience four or five times in my life time,
which is an average of once every 12 years.
But see, if I don't do that again for another 12 years,
that means I would be 76.
Then I have a good excuse.
You know, I'm an old fart.
You know, I can't control my poop.
Really?
120.
Well, I don't know.
You've had it happen.
No.
You have never had that happen.
No, I haven't had to play here.
No, I didn't.
I forget.
I would go forward to it.
Of course, I'm going to go forward to it.
No.
I can't anyway.
You know, he said no.
And Chris said he never did either.
We've had close calls.
Close calls.
I mean, right on the edge.
I had one of those yesterday as a matter of fact in the Eaton Center.
Oh, boy.
I haven't had so much as a wet fart.
By the food.
Well, we don't want to start getting graphic like that.
You want to get Joyce now for Christ's Ex on the 12th of Julio?
And all type is 120.
Male performance enhancers 81.
Oh, no.
Home AIDS Test Kit 81.
A vibrator 50.
Porn 42.
Well, what would be one of the somebody seen you buy that?
Everybody buys it.
Why is it?
It depends on the kind of porn you're buying.
Oh, I see.
In other words, if it was you, that would probably be not too good.
Well, it might be good depending on who's in it.
Lice or crab shampoo 40.
Now what would you go along with that?
That green lotion.
I once had crabs.
It's clear.
Clear?
The shampoo.
It's clear.
Oh.
Some friend of mine who got it from his girlfriend and then he passed him on to me.
Well, that's a...
Did you ever have that?
Crabbs?
Yeah.
But not from a boyfriend.
I didn't ask you where you got it.
I just asked you to ever get it.
Yeah.
Oh, those are the stories we were talking about yesterday.
They hang on like tenaciously, just like Robert Griefer hangs on here on QIA.
A couple of shamanos.
Animal 38.
Oh, yeah.
Especially if it is a lion.
Cute.
Oh, no.
It's in the bag, baby.
Suppositories.
A lot of these seem to be anal-oriented.
Suppositories like Preparation Age or Aneasol is always dangerous.
17.
Or ten.
Those of us who have had Royad's periodically over the years, we know our suppository.
We know all our stuff.
Our ass stuff.
Condoms 14.
Well, that's childhood.
I know.
Isn't that kind of outdated?
Yeah.
Back in the day, everybody was like terrified.
Oh, he went the drugstore, bought a pack of condoms.
You know what he's going to be doing with those.
They chop off arms first.
Not anymore.
I would hope not.
Vaginal creams 12, especially a guy.
They're not going to think it's for you.
Oh, I see.
Yeast infection treatment 11.
Tampons 9.
Fart remedies.
Haha.
Sure.
Oh, I wonder if Joyce ever goes into Walgreens and buys fart remedies.
I'd love to have a picture of that.
Like gas, sex, or bino as we're talking about in mine.
Yeah.
Dusch 7.
Let me ask you this.
Yeah.
If you bite and take into the counter and they put it in one of those little bags, what would that bag be?
A container.
Oh, let's say it.
Oh, container, right.
A douche container.
Jumbo packed toilet paper 5.
Yeah, like a big like 100 rolls is not, you know.
That doesn't look good.
It's just.
Haha.
Why do they do that?
I guess for trailer trash.
They like to buy the 60 year roll size.
The kind you need to have a wheelbarrow to take out of the store.
Bra 4.
Now, I guess a guy.
What's embarrassing about buying a bra?
I don't know.
Yeah, we couldn't figure it out either.
Wart Remove 3.
Wart Strong with that.
Personal lubricants like KY Jelly 3.
Oh, boy.
It's getting really busy back there, ain't it?
Die products 3.
Anti-fungal creams are sprays 2.
Underwear 2.
Oh, what's embarrassing about buying underwear in public?
I don't know.
Jesus.
Dandro and there are guys who, well, there are people who don't wear no underwear.
So I'm going to take that to me as some of the most.
I just don't cotton to that, you know.
Dandro and shampoo 2.
Breast enhancers 2.
Bad breath remedies 2.
PMS Slice Menopause Meds 1.
Pest removal products 1.
I mean, I guess if you can see the environment they know you got roaches in the house.
Look, we're in Florida.
Who doesn't have bugs?
Who had to deal with them?
Hair removal products 1.
Hair loss products 1.
Breast.
Hair removal like a neat stuff like that.
I wonder if Brady Quinn buys those in public.
Hair loss products 1.
Breast control pills, creams and foams 1.
And home pregnancy kit 9.
The big zero.
Out of a PULP 3.
564 votes.
So Charlie, be that pulled and go over extraordinarily well yesterday.
And George had a self of a fallout from it.
No, he didn't.
Well, that's because George doesn't care about it.
That's right.
See, some people care enough to send them very best whether it's the pull or whether it's so.
Well, whatever it is, you know.
And George does.
And he just wants to sit and rag on Harry Potter.
Which, take all the time you want.
I'm sure you already did.
Did he do that yesterday?
No, I didn't mention it at all.
The movie, yeah, a lot of people want to see it yesterday.
I got an earful.
What?
A Harry Potter.
Did you?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
My daughter, I told you, went to see it and told me all about it, including all the stuff that I wouldn't understand because I didn't read the books.
No, did she like it?
Yeah.
She likes the books and the movies.
Really?
And she's like 18 or 19?
She's 18 and a girl.
I can't.
Oh, I see.
So you're saying this for like little kids and girls of any age?
Correct.
Is what you're saying.
Oh, then the rat cliff is so dreamy.
Oh, I see.
That's what that's all about.
For a Brit, he's not.
I will say this.
He's starting to look like human.
I wouldn't say he's hot or even lukewarm looking.
But how old is he supposed to be now?
Well, I'd better, I gotta be careful because if he's like 17 or 18 and I said he was hot, that would make me out of the purge.
I'd take you to the legal.
He's what?
He's level legal age?
We're looking it up.
Chris is looking it up.
I like we really care.
We have to find out how the punk, the kid that played.
What's his name?
Daniel Radcliffe.
Radcliffe.
Oh my goodness.
I wonder if he knows the Queen.
You think he's had a personal sit down with the Queen?
July 23rd, 1989.
89.
So that makes him 18 on Joe.
And that's right.
And then 11 days he'll be 18.
Oh, geez.
Like I said, he's really gross.
I'm gonna say bye, bye, bye.
Good luck to Miguel.
Are you deserved?
You're a good guy.
Of course that's why he got screwed over.
727 votes out of this pool.
By the way, here's a message from your former friend and Harry Potter fan who says, the
pedophile in me says, Hermione is pretty hot.
I think her name is Emma Watson.
Well, I just eyed the IMDB-google, the Emma Watson.
Her birthday was April 15th, 1990, which means she just turned 17.
Okay.
So.
But I saw her picture and she looks so pretty interesting to me.
It's so long I was in trouble.
Oh, man.
Which I'm up.
I'll look at her picture next year.
I'm making fun.
I'll look at her next year.
No, you won't.
You'll look at her right now.
Yeah.
I see.
Okay.
Tainted.
There was a real, real hot blonde young blonde chick at Woodbuying the other night.
By the way, six winning sessions that are all woodbuying for the old queen.
All right.
It's a miracle.
How the hell am I doing that?
Six winning days in a row.
You know what I'm learning?
Well, yeah, I'm not always gonna win like a whole bundle full of cash.
I should like last matter one nine hundred bucks.
And you know what?
That was enough for me.
It's almost a grand life flew out the door.
You know, rather than give it back and sit there and lose another thousand.
Am I right?
Good to know that.
Wait a minute, John Money.
Oh.
Are you still knocking Harry Potter or what?
You got that high on the chicken there and he's.
What do they make?
They can make what they look like.
Are we watching movies just because of the way people look?
Yes.
Of course.
Yeah, sure.
The tenth and wolf, man.
What's that guy named James Marzen?
Jesus.
God, does he look good in there?
And when I found out he was thirty four in there, maybe if you're like an adult, you know?
For once.
What?
I just got a message here that I most definitely cannot read on the internet.
Oh boy, I mean, talk about really, well, at least honest anyway.
See, if George was honest, he would say the same thing about Harry Potter.
I have honest.
Let me tell you something.
You know what?
You know what he looks like?
Look, am I not interested in chicks in my daughter's age?
Brackets.
Thank you.
Have the words, age appropriate.
I am an age appropriate.
So long I wouldn't recognize her.
What do you know you wouldn't, she's tall.
Age appropriate.
She's not tall.
She's not tall at all.
She's not tall at all at all.
Right.
Age appropriate.
Have you ever heard that?
Yeah.
I'm interested in people who are age appropriate.
I'm not, there was legal.
Not only legal, but within these decades of age.
Four.
You might want to write that down in your calendar.
Next April, the 15th, she'll be.
It's a good, it gets taxed day and it's also a, a, a tack day.
That, that last message I had just got.
I should have saved that.
You know how you can save them on your crackberry.
I could have saved that.
That would have been real good for, uh, crack me a blackmail.
Who's your favorite Canadian entertainer of all time?
Is the poll question.
We have 731 votes.
That was just, I wish I could bring that back.
Once you'd delete, you can't bring it back.
But I sure wish I could.
Look at that.
It's in your trash.
It's still there.
It's in my trash?
Yeah, you can save it from there.
In my blackberry?
Sure.
Trash in your blackberry?
Oh, trust me, you got to everybody.
No, there's no such thing as, go find a blackberry.
No.
No.
I'll let you know from trash.
If you have an email client, there's a trash bin in there somewhere.
It's not an email.
It's an instant message.
Instant messages don't go in a trash.
Will you just mind your own business?
Go watch Harry Potter and no.
Who's your favorite Canadian entertainer of all time?
So you don't want to watch it because you're afraid you might like her.
She's underage.
Neo Young is winning our poll, 81.
That's to me very sad.
I mean, I'm not going to say I didn't like Neo Young 100 years ago when he was with, you know, all those other guys.
Crossbeen Swills and Nash and Rambler.
But, well, what's the big cynist with Neo Young?
Can you tell me?
He has some good songs and he has some bad songs.
And David Crossbeen had a bad liver.
Neo Young 81, William Schatner 69.
Those two leave me limp.
How can those two be your favorite Canadian entertainers?
You don't know your Canadian's, eh?
I mean, that's John Candy 68, Jim Carrey 48.
Whatever happened to him, he's still making bad movies, I guess.
I didn't see no one in a while, but as far as I'm good, yeah.
Good.
In fact, let me ask you this.
Would you watch Harry Potter or Jim Carrey movie first?
None of the above.
Oh.
Michael J. 545.
Dan Acquired 41.
What is that?
Neo Young.
Oh, yeah, it's so low.
Yeah.
I don't want to drown you out.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You know, one of those things played way too much, as you would say.
Hardest stone.
This is about the beastly manager.
This is about Joyce.
I feel like that.
Did I need a lead bit or what?
Fun.
Dan Acquired 41.
I feel Harman 39.
Oh.
I can't stop thinking about that message.
I won't tell you.
Whatever.
Mike Myers 34.
Leslie Neilson 29.
Tommy Chong 27.
Tommy Chong.
As a Neuf teaching Chong?
You want it only.
Teach Marin and Tommy Chong.
Until this day, I never even knew his first name I had a first name.
I guess everybody does sooner or later, except Prince.
Princess first name is Nelson. No, it's first name is Prince. Prince Nelson, Prince Rodgers Nelson.
Oh, our panel Anderson 22, should I attrain 17? Now she ought to be way I voted for her. She ought to be much harder than that.
Yeah. Donald Sutherland 15, he leaves me limp.
Iwan DeCarte wrote 12, which you didn't know she was Canadian. She was born in British Columbia. Raymond Burdten, which I knew he was...
Well, art all Canadians more or less, it said British thing. Celine Dion, I'd like to find those people and blow their brains out if we could find them.
Gordon Lightfoot 9, Kim Kertral 8, Eugene Levy 8. Oh, come on, you silly people. I guess he was on SCTV, right?
Right. And lots of movies, the American party. No, I know the movie. Don't you think I know who that is? What is wrong with you?
Well, you're old and out of touch, so I thought I'd, you know, keep you up today. And do you think I've seen any of those movies?
No, might want to. I don't want to. You might. Why? What's his name, Christopher or Chris, whatever his name is that you think is so hot?
Was in them, at least the first one. The one from Star Wars? Hayden Christensen?
No, not him. Chris, who? I'll follow you. I'll follow you. I better see that in his crying. Chris Klein. Wow, at least in the first one I'll shirtless.
So what does that guy tell you, Eugene Levy? Getty Lee 7. We didn't put groups on here, so we didn't put Rush.
We didn't put, um, guess who? Martin short 7. That said, he for subtle and seven.
Avril Lavigne's only got seven. That's bad. Now who is it that doesn't like her? Was that the Chris? No, I was a no problem with our liking.
No, it was a dodge quarters. I can cancel that check. I can stop payment. Alice Trebek 7. The answer is that's your blows. I know because I don't know the answers.
I get all the same crap. You don't even like Harry Potter for Christ. That was easy shows like we'll unfortunately see Harry Potter is for kids and in the world.
I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer.
I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer. I don't know the answer.
Sandra Bullock. Sandra Bullock. She's great. Our link letter for Al, Al, Al, Anus Moore said for Sandra. Oh, Sandra. Oh, three. Paul Schaefer three. Natasha, uh, Hensridge three. I don't know who that is.
Kenner Rees was born Toronto and we're ashamed of it. Brian Adams three. Anne Murray three. She's a man. Anne Murray Rick Murray. Anus two. Rachel McCatams two. Nelly Frittano two. Lauren Green appear. Jason Priestley two. Diana Crawl two. Ever see Diana Crawl? Burton Cummings one. Ryan Gosling one.
Never can he can't alone. That's a never Michael Boobley one. Oh, guess who likes Michael Boobley? Hey, listen, some people just they've got issues. Matthew Perry one, Margot Kitter one Joe Flarity one.
Jill Hennessey one. I wonder if she's kind of Wallahennessey. Hayden Christianson one who's uglier than my ass, but make up man makes him look. Oh boy. Remember I told you that? Yeah, I'm Hayden Christianson.
Guy, but a guy on Bego one. Oh, Guy, but I was Canadian. Faye Ray one. Faye Ray. She was in King Kong. That's right. Eric McCormick one. Christopher plumber one Alan thick one. He makes me ill and no votes for Victor Gerber. Gerber. Who's that Percy faith?
David Monty Hall. Meg Tilley Dave Thomas or Corey Ham? How could the money hall have no votes and Corey Ham have no votes? Are you kidding me? What Corey Ham is going to get votes? He's Hamish. Are you kidding me? Yeah, I'm kidding.
Don't forget that movie when he was banging the guys wife. I forget what's moving away. He was like make it all the way to the movie. He's a walking joke. Corey Ham? Yes. He don't have his good Ham is Peter North for example.
What a show. What a totally man. That's David. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it.
He did it. He did it. He did it. He did it.
I think I'm still beauty who I am
Or can that car make us so cool?
Well, I really...
Want to helemaalize you
That baby'sよろしく bombs
Think it's going to be...
The master now sees the things
then allening, that's okay
But far too much.
They change
That's a fresh little smile
All is always feeling down with the fleeting
I don't look fell asleep
No, friend
Oh, well, it grabbed me
I don't show
I wish somebody got hit with a piano
Buzz the bomb
Who ran the jersey bomb and still alive
What a grand old star, grand old
Why not just black and white
Come and kill me and throw it over my head
Find a hell not, we can still be old
Kill me or get that car
Never so, friend
Oh, friend
What a scam, what a scam
What a totally amazing
That David K. did the fun
Ha!
He didn't even kill all he wanted
So listen, speaking of that
Yeah
You know what I said? We had a corrected schedule
during the second page of our schedule for this week
Even though it's only Thursday
We got all the way through Sunday
For those who are keeping track of like what days there are in the week stuff like that
And I noticed that there's a glaring missing name on Saturday
We have a new deal on it, that was the change
In fact, there's a couple of changes on here like underwear
Curtis and Mike Burrino
Oh, it's five o'clock on Friday, five to six thirty
I guess the Humphrey's, I don't understand that
It says the power hour with Mad Dog and Hank
And then Curtis and Mike Burrino five to six thirty
Where the hell's Hank going at five o'clock?
What does that mean?
You know what it is, it's just cut and paste
So in other words, it's another error, is that what you're saying?
Of course, even the Marlins don't make that many errors, they make a lot
But anyway, Saturday, remember I left the other day to see if we had Gildey on again
He was on a original schedule, two to five this Saturday, well guess what?
He's been penciled out, he's done with us I guess
Because Curtis and the Beast are going to be on Saturday
From two to five
Your favorite friend, Hank, will be in New York tomorrow, that's why he's not on
Also, why does it say he's going to be on the power hour?
Well, because they just forgot to change that part
Because clearance isn't, it can't even make out a schedule, something as simple as that
He can't even make out a freaking schedule
Because he's as simple than a moron, he spends too much time in the sack with the Beast
I wonder if the Beast's wife knows it, you know, clearance in the Beast is still doing it
Of course he cares
Oh boy, yeah well, yeah I guess that's an excellent point, who would?
Okay, now let's read all those names on the pool again
Oh, 786 on here
And you had what yesterday, 500 and something, of course you don't start years ahead of time
Let's start it at nine
That's bad
Hustler published your Larry Flitz idea yesterday that investigate is working for his magazine
Are involved in more than 20 investigations relating to his recent call for information on Washington sex scandals
The investigations include high ranking Republican and Democratic members of the Senate and House
Flin said that a press conference in LA, which raw story, participated in by a conference call, it's pretty raw
We've got some really good information here, he said
Of course that's what he said about the Bush and that abortion thing too, before the, which election was that?
2000 or the last one?
Sure, whatever
Senator David Vitor, what we know about that, revealed Monday night that he'd been a client of a led's DC Madam, Deborah Jean Palfrey
After reporters working for us, they called him about the allegations
If somebody's living a lie, they become fair game, Flin said referring to Vitor's family, value, stances
In opposition to the same sex marriage, phony baloney Republican hypocrite
Excuse the redundancy, their Flint said his investigations were not meant to be which hunts against frisky members of Congress
I don't care what their sex life involved, he said rather than the role of exposing hypocrisy, oh no
Like that the jack acts up there in Titusville
Unfortunately we have too many of these guys in Congress, I'm going to do my part to get them out
Flint till reporters adding that it does mine spending his own money to do so
And add that writing the Washington Post last month offered a million dollars from Flint
For information about people writing a list of the fair would like to officials, he said that yesterday he paid 150 grand or one of the full pay J-A
The exposure of Vitor came from Flint's cooperation with Palfrey in securing a complete list of her phone records, not a response to the post-add
He said referring to his past court battles over in Décency charges, the hardcore magazine published it, said the government did everything it could for 15 years to go to behind bars
This is payback time, he said and paybacks a bitch
He said payback is like a choice, it's a bitch
And of course speaking of that, just a little tiny, I don't know, probably can't find it anymore, there it is
Ain't no part sound anymore
Yeah, see just a little, a little, oh I see, wow excuse me
Sorry about that
Let's see WB who used to be a chronic factor, we haven't heard from him in a very long time, says without Dudley do write her Maggie Chudow on the list, I'll have to stage the boycott
Well too bad
Maggie Chudow
Was Canadian?
Yes, can me?
When she was like Maggie Chudow, when she was like a prime minister
Well the Margaret Chudow was the prime minister of England, but I mean what is she actually with Canada?
I don't know
The only, the only, uh, brick that they care about here is the Queen, she's on the I.O.
She's the, they, they, all this other crap
And Dudley do write, well WB, you know what do we don't hear from you?
One of those rare days they let him on the outside I guess, very sad
Anyway speaking of Vitter, he's got a long history with prostitutes, says Capital Hill, baby
Very good, Dudley do it
But that's all I know, baby
This race Louisiana Republican conservative Senator David Vitter not only like high-priced call girls in DC, but frequented a pricey brothel in his hometown of New Orleans in a two days and three days flame with another prostitute in the 1990s
So you guys out there if you got like some underage girlfriend, unless the guy from NBC is going to come over the camera to your home
I have a time on two days and three days what?
I love that show, I forget
I have mixed feelings about that show
Yeah, to take a closer, I don't know the guys name
I'm not really big on contrived crimes, you know what I'm saying?
In other words those guys that they're in trapping and it certainly is in trapping
Those guys might have actually wound up getting a hold of some real churroid personal life
I'm all for that
The fact of the matter is that they are creating, they're seducing and enticing and creating crimes and these guys being human
I'm not making excuses for them, but you know human, they're not human, they're some human
Yeah, especially the ones with the 11 and 12 year old girls, that's what you're trying to say
Sure, okay, so screw them, right, hard
Well you first, no
Republican officials in Louisiana help cover up Vitter's downyances with prostitutes saying it's very sleazy and it's illegal
But okay, it doesn't apply to senators, they're in a lead group, they can do whatever they want
According to this, Jeanette Mayer who ran an expensive warehouse on Cannell Street in the present city said
Senator David Vitter was a regular client of her staff as her when he served in Congress before he was Senate 1 in 2002
He was a regular
Mayer called Vitter a decent guy who she said just seemed to need some company during visits to her $300 an hour brothel
As far as the girls coming out after seeing David they all had nice things to say
It was all about sex, in fact he just wanted to have somebody to listen to him, you know
And his wife, I said his wife must not be listening, Mayer told the AP
Wow
Federal prosecutors unveiled the existence of the $300 an hour brothel in April 2002
It was like the similar operations in other U.S. cities
It wasn't all about dirty, raunchy, crazy sex, Mayer told AP
It was just a bunch of guys coming over hanging out with the girls and having a few cocktails men being men
Having a little tale, a few cocktails
Mayer was among 17 defendants who clearly girded the investigation with all the guilty pleas
There was never a trial and they kept under raunchly listed customers that reportedly included prominent lawyers
Doctors, professors, professional business people
People who are horny, baby, no matter what their profession is they could be horny if they were a guy they're a horny
Trust me when I tell you
Or maybe just don't trust me, okay?
Okay, you could trust me with Harry Potter because I'm going to watch it
Okay
I will, eventually
When it's free on cable, that's right
On cable, that's a dent, I will watch it then
I will
Sorry, I will, now I'll protest that way
It's not something for me, you know what I'm saying? It's not something I have any understanding
Likewise
794 votes because I heard a rumor that it's for like kids and little girls
Or girls of any age
Right, so ladies, the chick flick, is that what you're trying to tell me?
Well, you know, chicks are into like, you know, fantastical stuff like that
Fantastical? Well, that's not a bad thing necessarily
You ever got to see a fantastical?
Yeah
At the fan
This is the new Roger show
Waaaah
Ha ha ha
This is your brain
Waaaah
Waaaah
Any questions?
Well, she hits!
I ain't never said no
That's the third annoying
Waaaah
Waaaah
About the same, the noise
Yeah, yeah, I ain't never said it was the third annoying
That's the kind of kid who knows how to say that
Waaaah
That they all say hey me, my dad who's the third annoying
Waaaah
They are so�low
And mama got the boys lost
There comes the boys of theって
Says John, Joe, now
Those who execute one another
Who does that he can call
I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna
die, I'm gonna die
George Richards blog in a Miami-Hero who's George Richards and I don't know?
You know Chris I believe he's one of the Miami-Herald sports reporters usually does
hockey
I see and I was given to us for the beast. Oh the beast brought this in well
It says here's what I've heard of late Steve Goldstein
AKA Goli as all but accepted the team's FSN that's Fox and offer for the television game
He just needs to agree to the contract contractual terms. It's expected he's gonna do so
Which means that he could have actually stayed on QA and done the Panthers on TV
Because he's not gonna be doing non-radio
George okay, what but as far as radio goes it says Craig Minervini's expected the coach look as his WQM hockey baseball pregame host Jesse Agler
Jesse's called a few baseball games this year sounds pretty good
But so did Craig when he filled in for good y'all the last year it says Craig Minervini
But there Craig Minervini is to sports what Greg Videl was to
The rest of radio. Oh glad you explained that to me. Yeah, I don't know what the big simmuses with him
He is a bland and boring if the Panthers were making this call sorry Craig
But that's just the way it is. Okay. I call him as I see him you suck if the Panthers were making this call
Don't stay in the market in other words for the talent of course
They probably won't stay in the market as far as the team because there's no interest in nobody cares
And it's a it's a franchise that doesn't belong there
You know we had fun with the rats a hundred years ago. That was great
But that was it
If the Panthers were making this call don't stay in the market expect them to look to a young voice who is currently calling games in the American
Occultly also a wild card. And this is Brian Goldman
He's Jewish the Panthers coordinator of communications Goldman University Pittsburgh Grand as an aspiring broadcaster who called pit football and basketball
He's doing a lot of TV work on Florida Panthers.com speaking of com QAM.com. Are we gonna start that right at noon? I guess I
I guess I notice on huh they'll let us know. No, they're not gonna let us know
We mean that let us know the reason we we had a baseball game that one day that we started early
Don't you remember when we got it right in an hour we sold out the whole
Hundred yes, now today we've only got 50 and I read about that for almost a hundred dollar right and they want to tell him 54 minutes and 33 32
Oh, there's a hell of a second. Yeah, that's why we just starting to say before you know for my fat ass
There's a countdown on there on the website on QAM.com. It shows you when they're gonna go on sale
So I you people out there don't want to get those 50% savings there on the hobo's deals
I know is it starts getting closer noon I'd hop on that
And then as soon as it goes till I get starts in
Jam on it is what I would do when you jam on it that puts you on it especially with low carb
They don't is there say that's on
811 boats on the pool we got a thousand in the bag baby. It's in L. Secco
Chris have no one nobody worried about it. Okay. Well, you might permission to just forget about well. Thank you very much
Female
Excuse me. No, thank you
Commonly associated with parts of Africa and the Middle East is becoming a growing problem in Britain despite authorities efforts to stamp it out
I just asked you one technical thing sure. What is that that you plan jam on it?
Oh, well, what do I know from that nothing I guess sounds like I want to wrap the main nothing
What is it?
freestyle baby. Oh
Okay said oh why is it that because I followed your advice very
Acciduously here whatever that means and when I'm printing stuff out from websites that give me the fugitive and printing out
Rages like CNN which so the website should only quote and so should CNN
The top line yes in every story
Are you familiar with what I'm gonna say no? Oh, it's it doesn't it doesn't pronounce clearly in other words
It's like it's got like a white line through it
So it makes it difficult to read all the way to the fine job reading this one, but it's just I don't know
It might be your printer might be something you're doing wrong. We can work on it
You know yeah adding here. It's always something I'm doing wrong. Yeah, yeah, you're right
The Metropolitan Police Britain's largest police force hopes a campaign beginning this week will highlight that the practice is a crime in England
Female circumcision
To make their point place are offering a 20,000 pound that's 40,000 bucks reward for information
Leading to Britain's first prosecution for a female general mutilation the detective chief superintendent Alistair Jeffrey said
I wonder whatever happened to Alistair Schnook
He died didn't I think he did oh
What a shame
In Britain the problem mostly involves first generation immigrants from Africa in the Middle East
Police say they don't have it's just amazing the way women are treated in this world how they're used and abused and just
sad
Is what it is and it's all you heterosexual guys who are doing it don't blame us bag its for we're not really responsible for that
Police say they don't have comprehensive statistics about the number of victims, but midwife comfort Momo
Momo I would like something
His name is comfort Momo
Who specialized in
The hospital's a clinic some works with police told news conferences. Oh, she is a sheep. Oh, since he treats 400 to 500 victims every year
Well, you'd want a sheet that we work in otherwise it might be like sexual undertones and overtones
There'll be like having a male gynecologist. Oh, that's right. They are yeah, I know
Ranging or carrying out the procedure in Britain or abroad is a criminal offense punishable by up to 14 years in prison
But no one's been prosecuted since it was banned on a British law in 2003
Police estimate up to 66,000 girls in Britain face the risk of a general mutilation
And if you've seen those British chicks, you're probably thinking well, what differences are they?
Is that what you're thinking? Yeah, yeah
I'm thinking well, what is it with the brits pasty in the Irish to I shouldn't say that because we got a lot of Irish people out there
Yeah, I don't want to like insult you or anything like that
But Irish people generally are very pasty complexion and that pasty look like give me give an example of somebody like that
What like Irish like Ron Howard there. I'm very good. That was ginger. That was who else? Oh, they're my favorite who the Irish
Favorite what?
Favorite sluts. Oh favorite people
Favorite drunks sure exactly the time of this campaign is for one good reason so we can get in before the summer holidays
If we set a time when young girls are taken abroad and she's subjected to general mutilation
Mutilated infants girls in women face irreversible lifelong health risks both physically and mentally according to UNICEF and other charity groups
A third is believed the number of genital mutilation cases peaks in the summer because the extended holiday gives girls more time to recover
They're by making it easier for those responsible to cover up their actions
Female general mutilation usually only involves the removal of the clitoris and other parts of the female genitalia
Those who practice it say it tames a girl sexual desire and maintains her honor it tames her desire and maintains her as she kept her honor
Like in a godfather she kept her honor
Speaking to the godfather what they'll ever happen to my good friend Brandon
He liked the vanish from the face of the earth as you like I don't know what happened with him. It was just talking to him
Are you a lot what no?
Talking to Brandon no you don't communicate with these people no well, why not?
What do you like anti-Semitic or something?
Because they are not my type is one of your people man. His last name. I don't want to give his last name
But he's in that way. Yeah, he's not my type
Not means one of your people like that
Anyway, female genitalia can I continue with the story when lead poor Brandon alone already with his godfather trivia
It is practiced by Muslims and Christian life females in a general mutilation deeply rooted in the Nile Valley region and
Parts of these sub-Saharan Africa and also done in Yemen and Oman
It's also done in
C.I. Can't yeah, I'm on and oh my you used to be able to do that real fast
But now we got that you like it stuff in this because everything in the DCS is alphabetical
I like yeah, right?
Though through migration practice spread to Western countries like Britain while the Brits, you know
Most of them ought to be castrated anyhow forced sterilization man
I'm telling it's the only hope for the future of the world forced sterilization. I'm gonna do this selecting who can you know
Who can keep their goods and who loses them?
Between a hundred million a hundred and forty million women are believed to have been subjected to practice in Africa an additional three million
Girls face the threat of female genital mutilation every year according to UNICEF detective inspector Carol Hamilton has been
Investing in the practice since 2004 said some immigrants had written may bring being
Made-bring practitioners from their home country to mutilate several so to because it's cheaper. Oh, it's like a package deal
Like we're never used to say we got package deals and then they come in work on their package
Now is that that that would people don't use that term for females package you never know say I don't
You know what I mean incorrect and say that nobody uses that I mean we've heard anyone referred to now nobody refers to a woman's
Privates as their packet no because I'm assuming a package has to have something like to put it. Yeah
Like I said, this is an interesting story, but you just threw the
Here's something that's my dear depressing
McDonald's is trying out coffee shops in Japan that will challenge Starbucks by brewing a bargain lattes the fast food chain said today
How do you like that? I got my latte and McDonald's at Mickey D's
The Japan unit of US based McDonald's will launch 15 pilot
McCaffay stores in Tokyo August 29
Am I saying that right McCaffay? Yeah, that's right. How else would you say it? I don't know?
The stores have ever changed first four way into the coffee shop business will offer low-priced beverages to lure families to release said
Yeah, you get your little kids a
Cafe latte McDonald's said it will consider offering McCaffays across Japan in the next fiscal year
The cafe business in Japan has been shrinking and stood at a 1.052 trillion yen
That's $8.61 billion in last year down five percent from the previous year
But sales at specialty coffee shops like Starbucks have soared the Seattle based coffee chain
Which first opened a store in Japan in 97's got almost 700 stores across the country and saw sales jump 16% last year to
646 million dollar Starbucks
That's it once there's a Starbucks and a wall green on every street corner than the world will be safe
You're gonna you walk grease ball goon bars come out of the woodware
Get a little surprise for you son. No, no, no, no, dad
Oh, you got a king just only think you know what's right and what's wrong
Think again on July 4th
Creamworks pictures presents the summer blockbuster
What you're about to see
It's totally classified
There you go. What is it?
It's transgenders. Who's that tone to me?
It's sarcastic contemptuous tone that means you know everything because you're a man and I know nothing because I'm a woman
Some come here to destroy us
Most come here to give us
Fashion advice. I take great pleasure in reaching on touching as many straight men as I possibly can
Transgenders co-starring Carson Chris. They buy how can I
Reach out and touch as many guys as possible without going a jail and Nathan Wayne. I was adorable once
Transgenders this is all this been rated ash for scrumptious. It's 1118 at 516 now
Transamerica by the way, which has nothing to do with either one of those two things. Oh, yeah, it does have to do with that
That's a good movie and we talked about that before was on again a few days ago. You mentioned it
I haven't seen it yet. You haven't seen transamerica. That's about transsexuals. Is it transvestites?
No, transsexual not transvestite. Okay, and she's got a rather large
Mobile just had that package is yeah large Adam's apple and large package at any rate 835 votes on the pool your favorite Canadian for a form
I'm only going to read the first the 600
Neil Young 92 that just frost my faddle ass. What's the big simmiss with me young?
Well, yeah, that's who they like you know, they like what they like they're not like vanilla ice cream too
And I would say that his music is
Very much like vanilla ice cream now some of it's okay like you played hard to gold and that was yeah rockin in the free world is good
Yeah, cause be still nice and young stuff is pretty good. Yeah, he was rocking around with the you know
They all up a loser people for a while so the young kids rediscovered him
William Shatter 75 John Candy 74 Jim Carey 53 Michael J Fox 48
Dan Acquired 47 Phil Hartman 42 Mike Myers only 42 for Mike Myers
What's that all about? I don't know I decide out of mind
Leslie Nielsen 34 now he should have a lot more than I'm not gonna read anymore. I'll give you the ones that have a zero
Leslie Nielsen should have he should be up in the top four or five. Shouldn't he? He's great. He's hysterical. He's a panic
Percy Faithman Dave Thomas none of Corey Hamgo and everybody and I don't care what you say man Corey Hamad is moments
You say so
You maybe yeah, that's right. That's what I'm trying to tell you you're talking about all these
Underage young chicks of that stupid Harry Potter movie. Yes, I am. I was anyway. Yeah, somebody was somebody was sticking their nose in there or something
I think knows rhymes with nose
So anyway, that's so what we got on the pool. We got our thousand votes easily made today
We got a 37 and so we 11 20 it's only 11 20 for crying out loud my god. Can't you move that hands on the clock? I had a little faster
Jesus God almighty
They don't realize four hours is a long time. Do they sure?
First of when you're taking calls like you've been doing see those people are bitching the yellow moon
Oh, no, you won't take any calls. That's right. But you do sure I'll summer long that's right
And I'm actually they're great. Oh, spectacular. What about missing?
By the way, Al Rogers don't try to like send me any more emails on my space or your face or our place because I blocked your ass
I don't want to hear from you. I don't want to know from you. You make me want to vomit
You know, it really kills me both those people and you know this
They pretend they don't get the message. Oh, I know people like with the guy with the eyes the guy with a fanny pack and
Greg from Fort St. Lucie and all those guys that whole crowd of misfits
That's how you know they're crazy people normal people get messages. They pretend they don't get the message
They're in denial come on here and say I can't stand you you make me nauseous
You're a crazy person go away. Don't get dark in my life. And it's like ah, oh, isn't anybody?
Oh, like that. I
Mean even what's his name near what's his name? I forgot about the chronic
Email her what's it a Johnny G? I shouldn't have said that because he took a nice rest here for a while
You can make him cry again and stop. Yeah, I was trying to stop him and cry like a baby
After the Senate Judiciary Committee heard from former top Carl Roe aad Sarah Taylor who didn't have much to say by the way
She can't say this as she can say that the House Judiciary Committee announced that the White House had asked former counsel
Heria and Myers to not even show up
For a similar hearing today on the firing of those eight U.S. attorneys don't show up here yet
The refusal to appear hood open Myers to criminal content charges when the panel convenes according to a letter sent to her attorney
We are aware of absolutely no court decision that supports the notion that a former White House officialized the option of refusing to even appear in response to a
Congressional subpoena said the letter from committee chairman John Cone is a Michigan and Linda Sanchez a California
I wonder if she's keen to work Sanchez for a sake. I sure as hell hope not
Taylor appeared yesterday before the Senate panel and answered some of its questions while refusing to ask the others on executive privilege grounds
Myers refusal we've been appeared today to let her says could subject me as Myers to contempt proceedings throw that bitch in jail
Yeah, I'm extremely disappointed in the White House's direction to miss Myers that she not even show up to assert the privilege before the committee said John Cone
years
We understand the White House has asserted privilege over both her testimony and documents and we're prepared to consider those claims at the hearing
Myers attorney George Manning informers of the panel's fight would not appear and letter sent late Tuesday night
Sanchez still called on Myers to testify. I'm hopeful that Miss Myers will reconsider the White House's questionable
assurances of executive privilege and give her testimony on the firing of your attorney. She said
Now of course keep one thing in mind when it comes to this White House. Okay, if I can fight a keep one
I'm above the law. That's right
They and all their cronies past and present see that's the interesting things that people that don't even work there anymore
The bill wasn't government private citizens now. They're given like instructions. Oh, you don't the and it is like just like the pardon with a scooter
Libby you know, we don't want him singing man
polls
Have long-term
Serious security
For the United States. Oh my god. You know you look at that and you think is this is this a put on is this something from a Colbert report?
No, it's for real. Yes, Israel. That's what Wolf Blitzkrieg said is real
Why might the whore first sliced him into Sanjay doctor poop there?
But I see other days in the road. Oh, they had Glenn Beck on I couldn't change it. Oh, no
I remember that he's an entertainer and all his fats are wrong
And that's like they don't let anybody on CNN to say anything like you know good about Michael Moore. They just got to shred him
And just because doctor pooped is a shelf of the medical professor of which he is a part
Where's the consider him is a very credible person? That's right
Who do you believe this fat entertainer guy who makes a bunch of goofy movies or do you believe a doctor?
surgeon right
A surgeon sounds fishy to me
844 votes on an award-winning pool might actually take some calls today, but you know what?
I don't think so. I got a lot of got a big pile of stuff here now that Miguel's not with us anymore
I guess I can read as much stuff as I want
Can I yeah, he'll still complain
Why he's listening sure we miss you already Miguel come back
Georgia's gonna tell a story on the year in a minute here about the promotions guy for the new not not the a new promotion to get at this
Yeah, I heard the the flunky that was responsible for getting the Hummer to it is no longer
Around oh, he's no longer that what I heard well, isn't that something actually fired somebody who deserved to get fired from
Malcolm off the top the grim reaper the lord of the morning listen to his if he finds out they're firing people have deserved to be fired
He certainly is long overdue
You know what I mean by that they go nowhere. Oh, I know that he got a hammer called the naked pictures like nothing off to a cop
Everdrew firm. That's how is it hummer got towed
They got a ticket and then the of this punk opened up a big stupid mouth to the cop
And the cops said oh, how about if I told you instead?
That's when I was told
844 on the pool and in the less than I guess about half an hour. We're gonna open up the QM store on there WQM.com
When you think that the Duff would be like coordinating and like in there with you know like I think I'm running around
He's been here like by time
He's been either doing what I know guys. He's been in there. Yeah, he's like playing a Brady Quinn
You know putting his hands under guys crunching stuff like that waiting for them to snap the balls
Yeah, who you guys?
Who's you like to feel relaxed once again?
Oh that's what a silly goose you know and there's a camp has ever goose
850 even on the pool man. We're gonna slide right into that thousand
Surely you've got all the Harry Potter books and you've got the Harry Potter homes for next to me kid
But now you got to get the Harry Potter pet proctology kid man. That thing's great. Check out your cash
Yeah
Harry Potter pet proctology kid bar your addition sold separately
I'm 31 and 560 WQM. I hear that flick is just awesome as the rumor that I'm hearing that's what George told me
Yeah, now that uh Brady Quintin me just sent me Chris that video where he's down under so to speak where did that come from?
That came from Allison
From Allison know us is she a big Brady Quinn famed which he'd like to get her hooks into him
Well, who knows he knows you adore him so she's a silly fellow and it says on it he looks comfortable on there
What does that mean? Well, I guess because he's not grabbing himself at least the part that I watched
Yeah, did you see the picture under that?
The picture of what
Well, there's a picture under it. Yeah. Well, I better go back to this. Okay one moment please. Here's George. Hey, how's going everybody?
Did I see the picture of a one?
Yeah, he's brought to us skull to the third story which aptly will be the next game session as a
Talking about all right. I think you should have dead spin right
Deadspin.com slash whatever yeah, there's the there's a video then there's a
Scroll down. Oh, he's standing behind the disco. Well, he just stand it up straight. It's not over the story under that one
Oh, there's another one under which athlete will be the next gay blog episode about that picture
We've already got both of those pictures of you know and grab it himself do in the Michael Jackson routine
But do you have him stretching or whatever?
Yeah, there's the one with the two guys we've already got that on a website where they're called grabbing each other's crotch
Which I still find a little just a little bit gay kind of strange
And where was what what are you talking about
See what's the only which actually will be the next gay blog obsession
Yeah, what about it click the picture next Twitter you said you already have that picture in them
We already handed on there. It's on our website. Oh, get out of it. What is wrong with you? Are you some kind of a fag or something?
No, you know, Allison wanted to make sure that you saw it. I seen it
He's afraid to actually send it to you so that's why I sent it to you
Radio quins unskitty buff now. Who's this goofy? Uh, Ossie that he's a threat Michael's from the old is Brett Michael's
Am I supposed to know who that what the old group poison from the yeah, that's the lead singer
He's the lead singer of poison. He sure looks the part. I'll tell you that
Man, oh man looks like he's seen better days and Brady's got his you know, he's got his arms up in the air. He's kind of pumping it
Anyway, what do we get on the pool 856 votes and Neil young is still leading the way that's I don't know
What does that say about our audience that they're old? Oh?
Now why wouldn't you say that that is so bad now you start you're starting to sound like Joel Feinberg now
Well, they got the old guys over there now that we got guilty on there. That's gonna bring the young audience
Give up now now that we got guilty and acid the kid
Wow
What what I like you said before the show but don't sit on the air because then they get jolly Joel coming there and fart in your face
Well, I'll try to get it on tape if he does
Yeah, and then we can see if Joe yeah, well, what if it's Joe uh Joe Bell farting is Joyce gonna Joyce that that's what I like to know
What if it's one of the beastly crois who's cutting the cheese then we can play it
Fox News reporting Tuesday an increasing number of Republicans and Congress criticizing the Iraq war
interviewed Senator Gordon Smith
Costs sponsor of a resolution for withdrawal on Fox News no less wow what a shock
Smith is known for a speech license similar which he stated I for one and at the end of my rope
When it comes to supporting a policy that has our soldiers patrolling the same streets in the same way being blown up by the same bombs
They after they that's absurd and may even be criminal and by the way Gordon they're not the same bombs
They're different ones but they are similar but not a match and the board goes back
Smith told Fox if I could do anything over I would in the speech I gave would replace the word criminal with the word insane
Insane
He suggested that the search might have had a chance to work in four years ago
But said on my numerous visits to Iraq each time I go the government seems more and more dysfunctional all we're doing is depending on them to step up and govern
Did I miss something what was that always gonna play insane in the membrane but it was too slow. Oh
Smith went under a spleen legislation
He's sponsoring saying there's nothing in this amendment that says we would draw from the war on terror when Fox hosts
Shlipper Smith pressed him over hey schlepper you fairly
Press him out whether there might be a civil war in Iraq that is indistinguishable from the war on terror
The center denied both points. It may become a full blown civil war acknowledge
But the point is it's not ours. It's theirs. It's not something we can win
I'm just tired of American kids dying for that. He said I say amen to that
Shlipper Smith you idiot you uh you fair. Yeah, remember when he was a channel seven
He used to like cruise the apartment lot behind the station there. Nope. He had I would do well. He was always like lurking
lurking
Some people inside the building were working and he was outside lurking slipper Smith
Really cracks me up when people call him ship. Oh ship smiths are they share ship my ass
Like that the fag hag right? You know I haven't heard anything about her in a long time. Is she still alive by the way?
anything
not all the uh mr. mr. Rogers Elizabeth Taylor no no and culture no
The one that used to uh uh uh
Correspond with us
When the so that one broke or something that one yeah no I don't fag hang
859 votes you know I'll never forget that baby you told well
She's a big fan of yours Neil of course that's only got today. Yeah. She's a fan of anybody who's right
Fag hag I still don't understand what that's all about maybe someday when we have plenty of time right she's willing to fill it for you
You know yeah
What a joke that is well she's on serious though. Linson or at least she was I don't know because they hear nothing about her
In fact, you know something I hear nothing about them anymore either
Both series and XM were losing money like crazy and they never approved that merger yet and very likely they won't
Don't hear nothing more about that do you nothing? No
Huh no
Oh, Neil you got to get on serious. You've got to go nationwide remember that when we were I was taking those stupid
Anscages yes like I'd like to some button I can push oh guess what folks I'm gonna be on serious so this week
I'm gonna make $80 trillion and I'm gonna save the world from itself
And I'm gonna clean up the environment and you read of all the crooks and clean up the medical profession and make Michael
More the president and all this other stuff
Will be wrong with having a real fat president, you know
I don't know but I had that way problem
But he wasn't like what you call real fat. No, who's the last fat president we had I don't know tap over Cleveland
Taft we were hard tapped. No, he was fat wasn't he yeah, he was but I think Rover Cleveland was well. I say he was after him
Was Warren Harding fat in the head I guess he was kind of chubby
On Friday of last week Condi Rice played hookie writes Maureen Dowd and spent the afternoon of the Tiger Woods Golf tournament at Congressional Country Club in suburban Maryland
She had lunch at the clubhouse with Tiger. We dedicated the contest to American servicemen
She followed Phil Mickelson and Brad Faxon for a bit after having them over to the White House on the fourth to watch the fireworks
She gave interviews about her newfound affection for golf laughing about her Aaron drives and wicked hook
Like W going out voting and fishing in Kenna Bunkport is Britain and its new Prime Minister Gordon Brown reeled from
Terrorist attacks Condi after this is if she didn't have a care in the world of winers. She's she
The Homeland Security Chief Michael Trudeau has a gut feeling that a kind of cell might be coming or already be here
summertime seems to be appealing to them. He said suddenly more like a meteorologist than the man charged with keeping us safe
With 30 mortars hitting the Greens only yesterday in army recruiting wilting some bush advisors are at long last coming around
The Baker Hamilton report recommendation that they should engage in intense diplomacy with the countries around Iraq
Someone might tell Condi who sent him one of her golf interviews that her zest for his sports is so all-encompassing
That I love anything with a score at the end that she'd get better get to work or America score in Iraq will be zero the big
The Iraq where she helps sell is turned into grand deal devouring everything inside and making it un inhabitable
It is ravaged Iraq bushes president see the federal budget the Republican majority American invincibility and integrity and now John McCain's chance to be present
And there's no beable for insight just a bunch of spectacularly wrong hawks
Stoverly continuing to be spectacularly wrong at what an alarm Republican senator John Warner calls a time in our history unlike anything I've ever witnessed before
Watching the war in tribes in Iraq Rome over islands caused the beginning of a reconciliation among the war in tribes in
Washington is they realized they have to get the car keys away from the corining president was crashed into the globe
With Republicans in revolver with the surgeon losing patience and Bushes worried as one put it to the Washington post that July is become new
September the president decided to do a PR search to stop as if he's acquainted with reality
But in a speech and Cleveland the president was still repeating his deranged generalities making a tiny concession
He said we would be able to pull back troops in a while
Whatever that means but as Congress to wait for general David Patras to debrief on the surgeon September
Rather than focus on the report do this week that says the ineffectual Iraq government has failed to meet benchmarks set by America
It was ironic that his strongest importance of the bitter end was the Republican who was once his bitter rival
There was speculation that mr. McCain would come back from his visit to Iraq and revive his bullish
Revives his both support of the war to save his imploding campaign, but the opposite happened
As his top advisors were purged
McCain went to the floor of the Senate to reassert his warped view that there appears to be overall movement in the right direction
Like W. Senator McCain values the advice of Henry Kissinger and said we can find wisdom and several suggestions put forward recently by Henry Kissinger
Why they continue to see council from the land who kept the Vietnam war going for years just to protect Richard Nixon's electoral chances
Is beyond mystifying but mr. Kissinger holds their attention with all his warnings of American impotence and bolder mean random radical Islam in Iran
Can't W. McCain see that American muscularity stupidly thrown around is already in bold radical Islam in Iran
The president mentioned in his speech yesterday that he was reading history
He's been summoning historians and theologians to the White House for discussions on the fate of Iraq and the nature of good and evil
W. Thanks history will be this alibi when presidents have screwed up and want to console themselves
They think history will give them a second chance. It's the historical equivalent of a presidential pardon
But there are other things morality strategy strategy and security that are more pressing than history
And I say strategy strategy strategy
No history is just the fanciest way possible of lying to the now-or-distracted tension from what's happening now
That's what marine dowsett in New York times and it didn't cost you nothing to hear it here
I mean for conscience something I probably would have read it better and we're just a few minutes away from opening the QM
Storom W. Q.A. in dot com by the way, where's death to tell us about
you
I'm more a terrible result is what they say to get away was having everything that way
No, but it has attention through their busy little day while our leadership has gone insane
You see
You know, this is what we all pay to build a bond that makes your head of these games
They put boom the project when the word got out about a bond that turns a box whole ground
You fairy
It's all
The way by making them want to do them all the way
It's all
Get
Oh
This is
The dating room of movement here
The intergovernment that you said a great idea
Let you do the world
Who's a boss in here
By turning everybody queer
Absolutely
Game balls, game balls
That's what each of us
Make them walk in prince letters
And save their balls
Game balls, game balls
What are we gonna do
If they jump a game bomb over you
Then you're gonna see the whole world
There's a picture of Brady Quinn
She having his balls in it
Thing that was pretty interesting
147 and of course Chris is the one that centered along
He blamed Allison for
But Chris is the one that's scouring the internet
Oh yeah, of course
And of course, the internet pictures of Brady Quinn
He could have been a dolphin you know
But we don't know what it is not
He looks too good to beat you what
We're glad he's not
And why is that he's not gonna be that great of a quarterback
Here's the pull we have 878 votes
I'm just not gonna pay any attention to anything you say
I thought you knew a little a little something
No wonder they hate you in a sports fraternity
They despise you like poison
Do you say this game?
Yes, he's not that great of a quarterback
Who's your favorite Canadian entertainer of all time
He's no AJ McFeely touchy-feely
Near the young 96
He's no daddy's culpeppers with the six bad knees
Near them is still he's gonna win it I guess
I need your
Sorry?
No, it's sorry
Not sorry?
This is a Canadian pool
Yeah, no way no way
Near the young 96, I don't like that
John Candy 83
William Schender has dropped a turd
He's dropped a notch
80 probably those bad TV spots he does
What are they for?
I don't know
Some travel, not travel velocity
What's the one he does?
Something I don't know
Jim Carey 56
Michael J. Fox 49
Dan Acquod 40
I'm gonna read him all by the way
Then it'll be like 130
Phil Harman 44
What a shame man
That goes to tell you
You know, go argue guys out there
You get hooked up with some sarcotic bits like that
And by the way, all of a sudden you're dead
Mike Myers 42
Who ought to be doing much better
And at least they kneel some 38
Who's got that fart thing
That he carries around in his pocket
Remember when he used to do the late night circuit
He used to be on Johnny Carson and Letterman and all those shows
No, whatever
No
No
And he has a thing in his pocket
That makes fart sounds
And then he got joist I guess
Tommy Chong 31
Shania 2025
She also ought to be doing much
But Pamela Anderson 25
That was just waiting for that
Donald Sedele in 20
Getty Lee 13
You find the Carl O'13
Raymond Burr
Gay 11
Celine Dion 11
That is so sad
Gordon Lifewood 10
A real lightweight
Eugene Levy 9
Who's in those really nifty movies with the
What?
Cline
Alistra 9
Martin Short 8
Who does that horrible thing
The King Quick Hewspot in the money
Or would that blow up turns himself into a blow up the
What was he called that character?
Jimmy Glick
Oh, Jimmy Glick My Ass
No, we're Larry Glick
And the Lemonade Stan on WBZ
Now that was funny
That was entertaining
Martin Short is not
He is short but he's not entertaining
He is Canadian the way
King of the troll 8
Keeper Sedele and 8
Paul Ika 7
J Silver Heels who played
Tato on the lone ranger 7
How could J Silver Heels be Canadian
I guess we got engines
Yeah, lots
They're like in a
Caliwet
Howie Mandel 7
Over Levine 7
Rich Little Sede
Roman Gamel 6
Tom Green 5
Well, whatever happened to Tom Green
They put it in the beginning
They did do him what they did
Everything else they destroyed him
Isn't that what they do best on MTV?
They show on playing music
They're actually many idiots
They're playing cars
Occasionally, I have one of those shows on there
That you know, with all those hot young people
That look like they should be shopping at Evercrabby and Bitch
Is that what they get those people probably?
Probably
Sandra O is got five
Who is she?
You've already told me this a million times
I don't know who that is
She's an Asian actress of mediocre looks
But she's in a lot of movies
I see
Joni Mitchell 5
James Duin 5
He ain't doing so good anymore he's dead
Alicia Cuthbert 5
I wonder if she's kind of Chris Cuthbert
The hockey answer for TSN formerly of the CBCA
Our link letter 5
Sarah McLaughlin 4
Katie Lang 4
You fairy
Evangeline Lilly 4
I wonder if she's kind of Eli Lilly
Brian Adams 4
Oh boy, he is despite
He's almost as much as my hated as much as Greg Beauty
Don't have to worry about me playing any of that
Good
Is that old George McGurther?
They just hit on there
They got tapes from election night 72 after Nixon defeated McGurther
And I bet you said on the night of his election
So he's alone contemplating the effect of his victory
Complaining if you will, celebrating
But it's Nixon alone
A few days after his election victory, Nixon's shuffling his cabinet
Yeah, shuffling the deck of cards, okay?
Brandon Fraser 4
Allane is more said for Paul Schaefer 3
Hey Paul, you're fair!
You're fatholing me, you're fooling everybody else but not me
Isn't he married with a bunch of kids and stuff?
Oh sure
Why is he put on that Faggy act is, huh?
Act?
Oh, Nelly Furtado 3, Natasha Hensridge 3, Kiana Reeves 3, speaking of 4
Wow, Diana Crawl 3
Everybody would like to make Diana Crawl, I don't know what she looks like
Have a seat on her
Crawl, I guess she's adequate
No
But you really wouldn't want to make Diana Crawl
Maybe
And Marie 3, Burton Cummings has only got two celamentate dose
What kind of garbage is that?
How does that sound like a real garbage to me?
Burton Cummings only has two, you want to know why?
Because you want to see who would have said in parentheses the guess who?
Yeah
How many people do you think know that Burton Cummings was lead singer of the guess who?
All of them
Oh, and he's still only got two votes?
Rick Moore, Anus 2
Rachel McCatum's 2
And he's Campbell 2
It's Neve
Whatever
No, I always say it wrong and then you correct me
But today you're not correct him
I don't correct you because I don't know how to say it
Neve
Michael Bouglay 2
He couldn't sing as well as a paper sack
He's always with his Harry Potter
Meg Tilley 2
Lauren Green 2
Jason Priestley 2
He's really a garbage
Victor Garber 1
American Woman
Now we're talking about Canadian performers but they're singing about American women
And that's because maybe Canadian can be a little bit too much for American guys
Although I tell you one thing
If you go to ever probably in Bush Bush with that bitch
You'd see some hot numbers in there from one to a minute
How'd you like that?
I can barely even hear the damn thing and I kneel down like a son of a bitch
Ryan Gosling 1
Money Halls only got one vote
Oh, let's make a deal on that
They don't like him because he's Jewish
Matthew Perry 1
That's why George hates him
Margot Kitter 1
That's your flirty one
Is it a time thing?
Do you think our audience doesn't remember money hall?
Let's make a deal
Did you say time?
Yeah
No time
Margot Kitter 1
Joe Flirty 1
Joe Hennessy 1
Hayden Christensen 1
Manatee Rose
It must use 85 pounds of pancake make up on when Star Wars 85
Nile Amigo has 1
Faye Ray 1
Eric McCormick 1
Christopher Flummer 1
Alan Thick 1
And no votes yet out of 870
No votes for Percy Faith Dave Thomas
Can you believe Dave Thomas doesn't have any votes?
I didn't know he was Canadian
Well, I know you know
I thought he was Fort Lauderdalean
I know he's dead
And Corey Hames still has the big
That is the big
That's a different Dave Thomas on that poll
It is?
The other half of Fabin Doug McKenzie
Oh, those goyam, those guys
Right
I see
The real connox
I, Lattie
Well
Yeah, I know
I know
Do you think we don't see plenty of them here?
Imagine you do
917 votes on the award winning poll on the Nile Roger show
And guess what's going to be opening any second now?
The QAM store on QOWM.com
For those $100 gifts you get
For not gifts you get
They're just certificates you can give them gifts
For what do you want to do with them?
For only $50 saved a half price
For hobos in Dear Field Beach
Now, you think I ought to check on that thing
Before we get going?
I think you ought to
WDQM.com
Now here's what you do
You click on WQM.com
And nothing happens
Though there it is
And on the left hand side
Underwards says the Nile Roger show has come
I would be faced
It says open now
It's got all those dollar signs
And that's the store
Or is that what it means open now?
Yes
Because it says 4 minutes and 10 seconds before
The store itself is open now
You can go on there and look at everything
These certificates talk on self another 4 minutes
For another 4 minutes
For a
Minutes and 1 second
But who's counting?
It's true
It's Nile Roger
This is pretty quick
Whenever I shake my ball
I listen to the Nile Roger's 12-1 hour
Oh
Time for a reason now
I want to win
You ain't cheap
Go on there and play like gravy
Win
Nile Roger
Nile Roger
He's a football player
A solid world of meat
With kind of guys
And I want to do
That's what he will do
Eat
I want to eat
You'll go on a date
But there's no chance at all
No
So does that make me a sports queen
If I want to see him grab the balls
Oh baby
Wow
Look at that kid
You ain't cheap
Go on there and play like gravy
Win
A ride
Nile Roger
Nile Roger
I've got a high-division screen
That helps me see his balls
I can do what I want
But I ain't gonna never get done
No need to age up a vision school
Okay, that's not so great
But I'm just gonna know that you'll madly
At least until age 28
I'm crazy
Now
I want to win
You ain't cheap
Go on there and play like gravy
Win
Won't it be wild
Look at that kid
You ain't cheap
Go on there and play like gravy
Win
Nile Roger
Nile Roger
Well, I have you taken a look at the
www.dvdcum.com
Chris
Starts open
No, the store is open but they're all gone
They're all 50
Oh wow
And in 60 seconds this is all certificates are processing
Please check back later
They're all gone
That can't be
It's gotta be a mix up there
Why do you say that?
For 50 to sell out in a minute?
Yeah
We'll find out
What do you mean we'll find out?
What the hell does that mean?
Well, it took an hour to sell out the other ones
So I mean for 50 to 500
What do you mean for those?
No, but the first time we didn't give it all
We didn't give it the build up like this
You understand these things
It requires us to hear the amount of build up
It's like sex
The blue moon was an hour and two minutes
And that was a
That was pretty awesome
But these are all gone
It says all certificates are processing
They're all checked back later
There might be some, you know, who didn't buy them
Like that?
Like what?
Just like that? They're gone?
They're gone, 50
I kept refreshing it, clicking it
And it went like from 38 to 28 to 14
To 2 to 2 to 0
Wow
Well, I mean assuming that's, you know, legit
I don't know
How do we know if it's legit or not?
We'll have someone make a call
Make a call to home
To the person who runs a store, I guess
Well, who's that?
It's an off-site company or something like that
That runs this part of it
What are you talking about?
We don't write this store
It's another guy that deals with all of it
That, you know, when we opened up the store early two weeks ago
They had to call him to tell him to open the store up and early
So
Really?
Yes
Well, what is you some kind of a slacker?
Is that it?
Not that Q&A would deal with anybody like that
That
Quantity remaining zero all certificates are processing
Please check back later, it still says
You know, that means we did sell it all of them right?
If we sold out 50 in one minute
I'm taking off the rest of the week after the day
Oh, that means that, you know, we're number one again
Well, what are you, what are, what language are you speaking?
In other words, what are your consultations?
Everybody listening out there, you know, listen to what you're trying to say
And how can we compete when Geldy comes on?
I didn't start it on Monday across the street
Let's give him a big buildup baby
Let's make sure that everybody knows Geldy's going to be across the street
Even though he's going to be doing the Panther games on TV, it looks like
I mean Dave Strader is going to be going, I guess that's good news
Because he sucks, he talks to his teeth
I don't, I'm not into guys that talk through their teeth
He's got a very annoying sound to him Dave Strader
When he did the Red Wing games, I couldn't stand him
On ESPN, I couldn't stand him
I mean, he's no Jeff Rimmer, but then again
Call up Rimmer, let's do a hockey show, sold out
They've all been verified and certificates are sold out
Is what it says now
Now you ought to be kissing, you ought to be kissing my fat ugly old smelly ass
What you ought to be doing right now?
Even George ought to be kissing, kissing
I ought to be distracted by the food, so you know
For the worst kids in the world, Chris, and that's good timing though, isn't it?
Excellent timing
And we can talk about man this stuff is really great
And you ought to go on there and get it all too bad, they're all gone
There were 50 and now there are none, none, count them, and you end, none
As in, can you say penguins?
Wow
That's scary, well, dust that he's calling to fight out a fey, are actually also able
You don't understand, he didn't call all he wants, but it just changed from that other thing
It's that they were processing them, and now it's this certificate sold out
Right
Well, why would we say that if they hadn't been verified and it wasn't checked out?
Schmuck
Okay, Duff is calling, he's going to make damn sure because we want to make sure that there aren't like, you know, a bunch of them left on there
And then we owe, we lied to you, we give you some bum information
We sure don't want to give out no bum information on QAM like Katherine Harris died in a plane crash or stuff like that
Because then Miss Fudge will put it on her website tomorrow and 80 trillion people will read
Oh, Neil Rogers puts a misinformation on there, he ought to be fired, oh ho ho
Stuff like that
Or Tom Jickel will write, gee it wasn't very entertaining when Neil Rogers put information on there about his stupidhood
Stuff, you know, we hate you Tommy. Okay, you're just full of aloney all you want is all right wing crap all propaganda all day
As long as it's rush it's okay now rush is not our pool all the what's his name is the lead singer what's his name?
Get it, get it, I was about to say it for telling I knew who it was what you guys told me this morning
Sorry or no, it says sorry
Certificates sold out and that was in less than a minute because I was watching it
I was while I was playing that bit the Brady Quinn bit. I think that's what inspired them
Hobos fish join me and so what's the a child what do you guys got?
Lobster fish right now
950 people sound the pool by the way lobster lobster bisque I love that
And it says crab cakes what are those? I love those too colossal crab cakes
And a minute here and we were just talking about crimes before remember we got some shrimp coming
So what do you say?
Oh, I said how the hell did you find that so I'm swift
Here you are what is that under?
Shit
Oh man how are we going to put up with Gildi being out across the street that just makes me it gives me
He's spilky thinking about it
He's a hell of a talent man we haven't discovered what it you know and what now look at that buy now or another is five left it says
And what what does that mean? It just changed there's five left
So in other words maybe there was five bogus ones on there or was like a mistake or something like that maybe
Now there's four oh I like this this is fun don't you love this?
How come the first 50 allegedly sold out so fast well that's because they gave up on it you can go to wqm.com right now and shop up those last four if you're real quick like somebody I know would say if you move quickly
See it's a good thing that Duff called and maybe he got this thing straight now or maybe you're supposed to be in charge of this thing had it all balled up or whatever
Because I keep clicking it and it still says four remaining
Are you not on the same? I'm the I am yeah
Three Georgia stuff in space right?
Is he eating the free food? Okay, he doesn't have time to be online in addition to which that computer so damn slow and that internet connection down here is so slow that we could have you know
Sold out the ones from next week actually know the internet's gotten better so is it really is computer just those things here?
Oh, in other words you're blaming me for that crappy computer that I bought none left by the way they're gone again
Wow
What a job boys. Thank you so much did not come in here and kiss you all over the place good guy. He was kissing a Josh or George whatever
The mouth oh my god. No, what do you sound like that boy? That's your it didn't take long to contract whatever you got
Man they got some good antibiotics in fact the same place where you get the for the for the crabs where you get that liniment mm-hmm
They got some ointment you shmere all over your lips you are not alone guys
What a clown man he is the best well we did one hell of a job for him on this man this thing is gonna go over bigger than freaking Mary town or more and a six million dollar man
How do you like that? I like it. Do you like it?
Plus it gives you guys this hints of good free food every week too right on I mean not that we don't get you know how he's in stuff like that but and the Tony's and those things but maybe like a little
Friday once in a while you know
Variety is good especially like if it's well those young people from Harry Potter
That's what I was getting propagandized this morning all these perverts all these pedophiles wanted like make hanky spanking with those underwraith people from Harry Potter
Not George though he didn't even want to look at the picture because he might be tempted and she's too close to his daughter's age
And then like oh no it's over no interest then they'll take your daughter away from you she's 18
Yeah, she can leave anytime she wants and she still hangs around
Damn it now does she work?
Yes, she does
I mean I don't want to know where stuff like that or put her picture on the website
She's a computer technical service person and you know you know how can you know works in computers?
I know works in computers to the full-time job they can make a lot of Ricky our buddy Ricky works in computers. He's doing better. Thank God
Everybody to professor of course. Oh, I'd say he works in computers. He sits at one. I don't know if he does any work and
Brand in this period he's probably on vacation and we have no certificate stuff for a hobo's face joint
It's a sorry certificate sold on. Where did those five come from? Do we know did they come in and give you like a bulletin?
Like it was a mistake or were like some bogus ones or there was huh?
He's still waiting for a confirmation from them the people that that runs this thing. Oh
Well, I keep it it says sold out to me. So I'm I'm gonna assume that's correct
I know we spent way too much time. They're gone. They're gone
I told you that did I take it up for as it seems that they opened the store early and so they went
People were poised and ready to buy and that's what they did
Isn't that what I told them to us and get right on get right on your haunches there get your finger stick your finger
Where the moon don't shine and get ready to like bang on that thing?
Isn't that what I said so something like that and they did it
And of course there's Chris and oh we're back. We're number one. We got there. Let me tell you right now
Okay, everybody in this market listen to this show. There's a lot of people lie a lot, you know
Especially the most beginning grace crowd that crowd they lie a lot. Oh, we're listening to CMQ
Not on your mum be. Yeah, sure you are
We all know who you're listening to oh god. We all know you understand every stick and word
Okay, except of course what it's convenient not to understand then well no way that no man
You want to do the whole thing or not?
Think about go ahead
That's all they can think about is the free food when you're making a kind of money
He has and you know actually I'm a little one here not eating right now, so and why is that because you're fat because I have to like run the board and stuff so
Well, what what what kind of excuses that you're not eating am I supposed to believe that you're not gonna be eating some of that stuff?
I didn't say that I just said I'm not eating yet for this moment
Yeah, but as soon as we get into the break you're gonna be racing and wherever the food is sitting and you're gonna be hopping
It up like it was your last eating when he pulled up this morning unless George finishes it all before I get over there
My votes on the pool this half hour we're going over a thousand then you can then you can like lay back and start
Shurveling all the good stuff down your puts
Do the stuff there's three left okay that thing changed again
It's a good thing I keep checking that thing because whoever is charged there must be you know
They're diddling something
What I said there's three certificates for all boys left okay
We thought it was zero twice we thought it was zero we got fake down and now it's three holy cow errands coming
So grab my there you got
Top up as they seem
I wonder what daddy said if he knew I got
Two
I got a prison oh
In 1982
I was caught at the playground
With the kid or two
Now I
Use the
Net email them today and tomorrow I'm wet because her name her age her face is hosted on my
Oh my god
Hey, baby, not there's one you know you're you're really mature for your age
How about we meet in person
I'll bring you
Very
Most
Well now don't tell your mom
I tell you what they love
I know
Let me
Mom
All the video shopever one
One one
Whoa
Whoa!
He said I'm one and a man
Oh, he sucks as pregnant and fell
My age, my age, my age
Don't say that, my age is my age
Go see Daddy, why say I'm not in one place
Oh, he's shattering now
He didn't know I wore a bracelet
Oh, he...
From 1965, 60-double-carners, one left, $150, $100 to do for 50 bucks for a whole bunch
Fish you in, deer field beach, one left, we thought they were done and we faked you out
and they faked us down and went, why do you think that keeps happening?
Well, they have five minutes to check out so maybe they realize they can't, you know,
buy more than just the one with the one who knows
No, they can buy five
No, but maybe they realize they can't afford to buy all
Or maybe the credit card is bogus and there are bunch of deadbeats
Yes, something like chicken act, people like that
Remember that whole thing? Well, Neil's audience, you know, they're all a bunch of deadbeats
like that Volka brim, remember that?
Yes, one of your favorites of people, I don't want to see who it was
We still got that one left, now what would that be, you think?
I don't know
I mean, it's aggravating to me and especially since we thought we pulled off a miracle there
Chris was like ready to drop off the chair and I bet you came in there got some food during the break, didn't he?
I had some of the colossal crab cakes, very good
I'm still trying to wrap myself around when they are colossal, there's big as your head
You're head, I mean yours
And then one certificate is still left there
That blows, well maybe we're just, maybe we're just going to keep one up there all day to fake everybody out
Bill share on campaign.com, right?
Dr. Gupta's bias, he really frosted my ass that foamy doctor Apupta
Another shell for the medical establishment, that's all he is, everybody knows that, that's why he's on CNN
Take a pill and watch the shell, still got that one
You think we're going to be back to, oh again, of course
Michael Moran, CNN's doctor, Sanjay Gupta, faced off on American Live this week following Moraner criticism of Gupta's anti-siccopies, which accused Moran of fudging some facts
Moran's website is able to take a group to task on some factual points
And as having imposed Rachel's slar notes during Luric King's live, a show, Moran sites his source for every statistic offered
Yet Gupta ignores it all of it, including Moraner stating again that all this was available in an email sent by Moraner's team to CNN June 28, 2007
But what was most striking was when Gupta showed the heart of his bias, a bias against having our government guarantee universal health care
Gupta says to Moran, you criticize the government so soundly, but you're running the hand over one of our most precious commodities, our health care in this country to the government
Moraner but it actually love our government, it does a great job of administering social security, the problem is we put in Powerful's office
Then in response, Gupta made a completely misleading attack on Medicare, Michael one of the best examples of health care released, some sort of universal health care would be Medicare
I think you would agree with that, it's going to go bankrupt by 2019, it's going to be $28 trillion in debt by 2075
Would you say this is going to still be a working system 20 years from now?
Is this an evidence that our government can't be directed to fix our broken health care system, economists blogger Dean Baker doesn't think so
CNN's health care analyst is now telling people that Medicare is going bankrupt, what does this mean?
Medicare's costs are protected to exceed, projected to exceed its revenue and drain the surplus from its trust fund in a bit over a decade, but this has been true of several points in the past
If Congress tells tens of millions of beneficiaries to get lost, no, Congress appropriate the money need to keep the program going
If Dr. Pupto meant to imply that Medicare is the government program is uniquely inefficient, then he's way off the mark
According to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, per beneficiary costs have risen in nominal dollars by 519.5% since 1980 by contrast to cost for enrollment or private insurance has risen
676% over the same period
That gets to the heart of Gupto's bias, the pressures on Medicare's finances aren't the fault of our government but a skyrocketing health care cost across the board
Gupto cherry picks his facts to attack the government guarantee of universal care and raise the prospect of dismantling Medicare just like how conservatives saw to do the same with social security
Healthcare costs are a major problem but as Baker notes eliminating Medicare would raise healthcare costs not lower than
Whereas directing our government to ensure universal health care as Medicare already does for seniors can contain costs by pooling risk and maximizing bargaining power
In the healthcare for America plan, a Medicare-style public plan for those under 65, which would compete with private insurance policy architect Jacob Hacker writes because Medicare and the healthcare for America plan would bargain jointly for lower prices and join forces to improve quality that would have enormous combined leverage to hold costs down
Cross national evidence and the historical experience of Medicare show conclusively that concentrated purchasing powers by far the most effective means by which to restrain the price of medical services
Other countries spend much less for the same medical services than we do because their insurance systems bargain for lower prices and though Medicare covers less than the seventh of the US population it still has controlled costs substantially lower better than the private sector especially since the interrelations of payment controls in the mid-80s
When was the last time you saw a mainstream media report that merely raised the possibility that our government's Medicare plan does a better job at containing cost in private insurance companies
There's one thing said by Gupta that I have no disagreement with it makes it very hard to advance the argument if you're not getting the numbers right
Did we sell off that last one or not?
Yes, we got zero left. Well, thank God it turned out to be a multi-faceted dealer, didn't it?
But they are probably some deadbeats out there, you know, a chicken neck
You know, that's Neil's crowd. He's got all those deadbeats listening like a Bokka Brian.
So you try to forget those days, not me. Yes, I do. Now, what, what, when did this, they just come from?
That giveaway thing? Yeah, came from us right now. Right now the first two colors to the WQM content line that's 800, 227,0560, get a $100 gift certificate to Obos Fish Joint.
Free. How do you like that? Yeah.
You like it? Well, who's going to answer that?
Really? Well, he's still working here. So does he trains the new guy? They're going to fire him.
Oh, that's right. Hey, Rolly, your job's in jeopardy because you're not from Rolly.
But I've got a little jolly jolly that you're from Rolly. I'm Rolly from Rolly.
Yeah, Rolly from Rolly. I like Rolly from Rolly.
Let me say it again. The first two colors to the QM content I would assume they already called. How are we going to know?
Rolly will tell us 800, 227,0560. The first two colors get a $100 gift certificate to Obos Fish Joint for free. Not for the 50 bucks, but for free.
I'm assuming because it doesn't really say about I'm sure for free. Right? Right?
Well, nice. Did Rolly come racing in there and say, okay, it's all set or is he got to like take names and he's got yes, that.
He's got one to take names in that.
990 on the pool when we come back after the break, we're going to have a thousand votes and then Chris can go in there and eat all the food you didn't need.
Well, I guess he's on a diet.
Oh, this big paper piss me out.
Chris and Mrs. Sari may have heard. Her Sultan, out of jail.
Her Sultan is out of jail.
Her Sultan is out of jail.
Lookings as the first thing she'll do when she gets out of jail is have a big meal.
Herus is looking forward to wearing normal clothing.
Plus 30 is 560, you know, the interesting thing when you click on that thing now is you did nothing happen.
No, I think they're all gone.
They're all gone.
And the giveaway things are gone too.
What do you double the word?
Give away ones those two are gone.
No way. Yeah, like that.
You have to get a plug in out.
No, give away a hundred dollars things and that.
Now just talk about how good the food is at Hobos.
Yeah, go ahead and colossal crab caves.
These shrimp as big as your fist over here.
They got salmon with stuff on it.
Mango, something I wish the chef was in here right now because he told us all about this stuff.
Kelly, tell us what it is.
What's the salmon?
Salmon, salmon honey mustard.
What kind of shrimp is that?
Livernaise shrimp.
Some blueberry insane creation.
Corvina that I'm not gotten to yet.
A swordfish.
Did we already mention the colossal crab cakes in the lobster bisque?
Yes.
Okay.
992 on our pool.
We can't give that a thousand.
We're a little slow on that.
That's because they're all busy trying to buy more.
It's in there all gone.
They're gone.
It's over.
It's over and in.
Really ashamed that there were a couple of them that were like screwed up there.
Four, five, whatever.
What happened?
Duff explained is that our list.
Tell me which stuff is in there.
Our audience crashed the site.
The response was so immediate and overwhelming that they overwhelmed the site and it crashed.
Oh my God.
Wow.
I feel like that, huh?
So there you go.
We're like, Chris, maybe we might have, you know, 50 or 100 people listening out there.
It's pretty good.
A couple.
Two planes came with a hundred feet of a massive colliding on a runway for Lauderdale airport
authority today.
Not good.
Air traffic controllers.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Oh, this is old news by now.
The Sun Sentinel Manure website blows.
Air traffic controllers.
Oh, this was yesterday.
The Sun Sentinel Manure website blows.
Air traffic controllers.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Air traffic controllers.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Oh, this was yesterday.
Earlier reports that the Delta pilot also saw the wayward plane were incorrect.
She said the controllers alerted the Delta crew to pull up and circle the airport to avoid United
Flight 1544, which had missed a turn on another taxiway.
Investigators were focusing on what caused the United Flight to veer in the Delta's right away.
Spokeswoman for Delta and the United didn't immediately return any messages today.
When a plane is on a runway without authorization, the FAA labels the incident as a runway incursion.
A runway-freaking incursion, now do you like that?
Your report has had three runway incursions between June of last year and May 31 of this year,
according to FAA records, two were blind on pilot error and the third was ruled an air traffic controller.
Do you see the fire at MIA yesterday in the...
Yes, sir.
No, sir.
Yes, sir.
That wasn't the air traffic control.
That was the one where they assigned the...
What gates?
Gates.
They said V gates.
And they said Bill Gates.
And they all puked.
And that's why they said it on fire when they said Bill Gates took up his stuff.
Give us some of that money.
Give us a little something, something, Billy Boy.
Instead of giving him all those charities and those starving people, give us a little piece of the action.
Just a little piece, like a little piece for the tatayas and all these other people.
Everybody wants their peace.
994 on the pool, your favorite Canadian entertainer.
Let's get the other six votes on air, get to a thousand stuff.
While the reason is, I told you I was right.
They were all not at QAM.com thing.
I bet you Josh Cordis is all excited about that because it makes it appear the way we're goosing it up there.
He's...see how excited he is.
He's so excited he's stuck in his face.
Oh.
Now he's excited because he got that thousand dollar check I said.
That's right.
And he came in this morning very graciously and said thank you so much.
I'll be back to service you later in the week.
And I'm excited because I'm taking his girlfriend out while he's in Vegas.
Good.
Sure what a real man is like.
Oh, bring one.
Yeah, that's what I was about to say.
994 votes.
Favorite Canadian entertainer of all time.
John Candy will be in the lead.
Look at this.
This is good news.
This is great news.
Maybe some of the people at the age of 100 crawled out of the second voted on the poll.
John Candy won 20, Bill Shatter, 109 and he or young has made a precipitous drop to third place with 104.
Better play some of his music.
That's not.
Let's say we did.
Come right up.
Good play Sweet Sweetie Blue eyes that's Crosby Stills Nash and Young.
Where's he out?
Is he out?
I don't think he's on that, is he?
I don't know.
He's not.
Here we go.
That's why it's so good Sweet Sweetie Blue eyes because New Young has been brought.
He's got.
He's got.
You got.
I can play your song by the way.
Here we go.
This is right up your alley.
How big you've earned?
This is for you man.
Bratto.
You've got a little dedication.
Teniel with love.
All of us who love you.
Big hit for him.
Oh man look on that.
That is so bad.
That's so bad.
That's one of my least favorite songs of all time.
That'll look good.
You got a thousand votes?
All right.
Let's hear it.
See Chris is keeping an eye on it.
I thought he was too busy watching the food to make sure Crosby Stoke it too much of it.
Oh no.
There can't be a lot of things there.
I think you find Sweet Sweetie Blue eyes even though he's not on it.
Oh, it's the one.
I didn't look for it.
No, well I would be nice.
Jim Carrey 57 you're probably not going to fight unless you're looking for it.
Michael J. 553.
Dan Acquired 52.
Phil Hartman 48.
Mike Myers 45.
Leslie Nielsen 39.
That's all I'm going to read.
Anybody got zero?
Yeah.
Percy Faith has none.
Dave Thomas has none.
That's the guy from Kuku Kuchu.
And the Kory Hame God none.
What?
You make him fun a Kory Hame God.
Oh no, I was choked on some shrimp over here.
Yeah, that's the Lord punishing your stupid ass for making fun a Kory Hame and Harry Potter.
You just don't like those cute young guys.
That's your problem.
Yeah, that's a problem, all right.
My problem is that I do.
I guess it's a universal problem.
So what's that chick from my Harry Potter again?
What's your name?
I don't know.
Emma Watson.
What is it?
Emma Watson.
And she's under age.
She's 17.
She won't be 18 until next April 15.
Even I remember that.
So all you guys that are oozing, oozing, oozing, oozing, oozing, oozing, oozing, like that.
Go right ahead.
All the three of us looking when she's 20 something.
Yeah, I had you with you.
I guarantee you already Googled it.
Okay, I didn't.
You did.
I have witnesses.
In private, you'll Google it.
No.
And you'll say, hmm.
No.
You'll say someday she's going to be real sweet.
I think she's real sweet already.
Myself and what do I know being your queen that I am?
I got, I got, you know, I got a pretty good idea that you'll agree that you'll say she's a fine young lady.
A little bit too long.
I don't know if she is.
I've seen her before, but never.
Oh, next one here.
Thank you very much.
So in other words, you can't, you can't offer an opinion just because she's 17.
She's an attractive young lady that's all about that.
Well, maybe.
Oh, there's nothing wrong with that.
There's nothing wrong with being an attractive young lady.
Oh, man.
That deal with the hobos.
There was a lot of fun.
The food was great.
And it looked like we had the whole thing sold out.
But it was just that the system couldn't handle all the 80 billion people around her trying to get the 50.
So we only had 50 this time.
I didn't mean we have 100 last time.
Oh, no.
I think it was the other way around.
We had 50, $100 certificates.
Last time, I think we had $150 certificates.
That cost only $25 a piece.
You what I'm saying?
Yes, River was the $150 certificates.
River.
River House.
River, River Phoenix.
And then before that was $150.
The seats of that by the way?
Yes.
That's a shame.
And he died and Johnny Deft joined too.
That just, you know, Johnny's life will never be the same again.
I doubt it.
All the way to the very lovely wife that they live in France.
He doesn't like the US all that much, eh?
He doesn't want his kids growing up in a barbaric place like the USA.
An American Airlines flight speaking of planes from LA to London was diverted in New York early today.
After a crew member became suspicious of one of the passengers.
The crew member aboard Flight 136, Skates of the Flanon stuff from LAX to London Heathrow, questioned the passenger whom the employee said he saw by passing security by traveling on an employee only bus from the parking lot to LAX,
going to spoke to him in Sanya Whitemon.
Whitemon.
W-H-I-T-E-M-O-N. Whitemon.
Is that Whitemon?
That's Whitemon.
After that conversation, officials decided that it would be Boeing 777, the plane landed at New York JFK airport about 1030 AM. Whitemon said.
Homeland Security Chief Mickey Churdov told CNN that American Airlines said in an early statement that the passenger might have been an off-duty employee.
I think there's still in the process of sorting this thing out. He said they're airport officials.
And may turn out this is nothing more than a misunderstanding with an employee.
We used an employee bus to get on a plane for a private flight.
In other words, big simists.
Whitemon told CNN that the passenger is not an American Airlines employee.
According to Russ Naki, with the Department of Homeland Security, American Airlines Security officials identified the man as an executive platen traveler,
with the airline who purchased his round trip ticket to April 19. He didn't say whether the man had proper ID when he boarded the employee shuttle and passed through the employee access only entrance.
The good news is here that you have somebody who's alerted on the crew and they take appropriate steps at that point to deal with what might be a potentially dangerous situation, Churdov said.
That's exactly what we were asking people to do. If you see something, say something. If you see it, say it.
If you see it and it looks good, do it.
Anthony Lawrence, one of the 188 passengers aboard the flight told CNN that the pilot told the passengers the plane was stopping at JFK because the plane didn't have enough fuel to make it to London.
In other words, instead of getting them all panicked, he's like, oh, we got some very strange guy on here and he's going to blow the plane up.
We just don't have enough fuel. We're going to make a pit stop.
Shortly after landing, Boeing said security officials boarded the plane left with a man of Middle Eastern descent.
A woman seeing next to the man was also a question of matter of Middle Eastern descent.
Do you see what this was all about?
No. Amen to that.
All passengers were subsequently taken off the plane to Captain Westkid to undergo security sweep.
The plane left L.A. about six o'clock last night.
Have been scheduled to arrive in London at 12.25 this afternoon or their time or whatever time.
Most of all the passengers were put on another American Airlines flight which was scheduled to arrive at Heathrow 8.25 tonight.
Wow, 3.25 hour time.
For the day, be five hours ahead on the clock and about 600 years behind in their brain.
Former President Bill Clinton raked in $10.2 million last year on the public speaking circuit.
Here now is an excerpt from one of those dazzling displays of oratory.
Sometimes the thong string can cause irritation.
And from what I understand they bought a weapon too.
It's like trying to balance the fellas on a clothesline.
Oh and by the way, Marky Post has a little polka dotted number.
I want slitted off in the Lincoln bedroom and then war it as a dereg.
This has been an excerpt from one of former President Bill Clinton's dazzling displays of oratory.
From 46.14 or 1.5.60 WQM, I don't know about you but maybe it's only working the two days a week.
Okay, this seems to me like about an 80 hour show today is their special reason.
Why and by least talking about it.
Why? This shows just reason.
Are you sure?
Especially when you're not paying any attention to just eating.
Yeah, yeah, that's right. That's why it's flying by.
A former Catholic priest thanks to whoever sent this in by the way.
Hey Neil, yes, we got sorbet.
Well, we had sorbet until roll the attack.
Oh, did really get those two calls by the way?
Oh yeah, he got them.
It was just a joke.
They're all done.
Schmuck.
He wants to be able to get a little bit of a sorbet.
He's sure I have to ask if they call.
By the way, your blocked out Rogers, don't darken my door or my website around my life and ever again.
Don't be a stalking my life, you idiot.
A former Catholic priest who committed an inexcusable breach of trust by convincing a teenage older boy to have sex with him
has been jailed for the seven years by a Sydney Australian court.
James Fletcher, I wonder if he's kidnapped a mother Fletcher.
64 from Branchston was found guilty of nine charges relating to the social abuse of the teenager between 1989 and 1991.
This even goes on down under.
How do you like that?
Fletcher was convicted in the civilized year of the offenses which occurred at his Hunter Valley parish
reading the victim's evidence recorded during the trial.
This record showed Graham Armanage yesterday said Fletcher had tried to ingratiate himself to the victim and his family
and manipulate the boy to keep him quiet.
He ingratiate himself with the offender and his family for the specific purpose of taking advantage of him, Judge Armanage said,
the court was told Fletcher had on a number of occasions driven the victim to the eye water works near the parish where the two had oral sex.
Late in June 1990, the parking nearby Patterson Fletcher became angry when the boy, then aged 13, could not get an erection.
I know how I could make you orgasm and we could have sex just as Armanage read from the victim's evidence.
The boy trusted Fletcher and agreed to his suggestion.
Judge Armanage said the boy told the court he had never felt pain like it in his life and looked at the same Christ of her mental in the car while the intercourse took place.
How did we just go from the oral to intercourse?
Yeah, that turned him over.
No. The boy then cried and Fletcher hugged him saying it was a normal part of life.
After the incident Fletcher warned the boy no one would believe him if he told because priests never lied.
If he told anyone Fletcher would hurt his brothers, he said, describing the string of offenses as gross and inexcusable breach of trust,
Judge Armanage sentenced Fletcher away minimum of seven years in jail with a maximum of ten.
Outside the court room, the victim's mother who cannot be identified said the family would face a lifelong sentence of recovery,
and I'm glad my son wasn't there adhered again, she said.
Praising her son's courage, woman described him as an extraordinarily brave boy, he made it easier for the others now.
But what does that mean?
We easier for the others to come forward and open up a mouth?
I'll give a sentence.
And spill the beans. Oh, that's not good either.
John Candy seems to have all done in the first place some people would have sent a humor on here have come for.
That's good because that's what Canadian entertainers are most known for.
I mean there's some good Canadian singers too, most of whom aren't on this list.
There's some of them.
John Candy, 123, Bill Shatton, or 110, he's out of the singer.
President has his own actions to justify.
Well, there's Bob Livingston, the former U.S. House of Republican who had a resign in disgrace.
Remember that?
Bob Livingston.
Wow.
Candy, 123, Shatton, or 110, he or young is about to third 109.
He's as dormit as a church mouse.
Jim Carey 58, and Michael Z. Fox 54, and that's all you need to know.
Mike Myers has 45 should be doing much better than that.
And who else would be doing better?
Uh, Leslie Nielsen, my 39, Matt Blows.
Leslie Nielsen is one of the funniest people ever in a history of human race.
You know, the green street you do.
Yes, sure, whatever.
I mean, he's no Harry Potter.
No, but then who is?
I don't understand why you keep a ragged on poor Harry Potter.
That will be his very popular and that the broadest made us hit in dollars.
I don't, I got it.
It's not for me.
For me either.
And probably Chris likes it though.
Yeah, that's fun.
Now did you see the this movie?
No, yeah.
But you will.
Yeah, sure.
And of course, after Chris sees the movie, we will be asking the eight oldest question of all time.
Yeah, I think I'm taking his daughter to go see it.
You're taking who's daughter, George's wife.
Yeah, well, since he doesn't want to go, you know, she already saw it, but she'll see it again.
Oh, okay.
And she ain't going to Chris.
I'll tell you that.
Why not?
Oh, I know what you say.
The duck I just had is wow.
The what?
The duck.
Oh, you had duck?
Roasted duck with teriyaki glaze and honey glaze.
Roasted with citrus and size, so it pulled out all the fat.
Harry Potter's secret, Daniel, actor, you're doing a once-your-name, I think.
They're doing it.
They're doing something.
They're rubbing their noses together.
They took you to this story.
This will make you feel real, are real, real.
What's the word I'm looking for?
Okay.
Confident.
Oh, real gay, yeah.
Real confident in America.
Congressional investigators set up a bogus company with only a postal box,
and within a month obtained a license from the nuclear regulatory commission,
and allowed them to buy enough radioactive material for a small, dirty bomb.
Like that?
Bogus company, PO box.
You like it?
Senator Norman Coleman, Republican Minnesota, will ask the NRC about the incident
that a Senator hearing today said the sting operation raises concerns about
terrorists obtaining such material just as easily, easy as pucky pie.
Nobody at the NRC checked whether the company was legitimate,
and the agency official even helped the investigators fill out the application form.
Coleman said an interview yesterday.
The NRC acknowledged that more checking is needed in such licensing,
and said that since being told of the GAO's sting operation, it is tightened licensing procedures.
We fixed the problem said in our C. Commissioner Edward McGatagan,
an interview yesterday said that such licenses now require visits to the company,
or in some cases, company officials will have to come to NRC or offices.
The license that was obtained allowed for the purchase of up to five portable moisture density gauges
widely used in construction, which are encased small amounts of CCM-137
and a Merkei M-L-241 to highly radioactive isotopes.
Individualities devices pose a little threat because of the small amount of radioactive material radiation
in sports. They still, the devices require an NRC license to be purchased
and must closely be safeguarded by companies to use and to avoid theft.
But the investigators from the GAO, Congress's investigative arm found a way to purchase as many as
45 of the gauges and could about many more, because they duplicated the NRC issued license
and removed the restrictions on the amount that could be purchased.
With patients and the proper financial resources, we could have accumulated
from other suppliers substantially more radioactive source material
than what the two suppliers initially agreed to ship us, the GAO of course.
So, like I said, make it to your real company.
And Mickey Trudeau said, oh, it's going to be a long-hoc summer and they're going to blow up a bunch of people
and we're going to have a bunch of it fast.
And now, kind of, kind of, kind of. The Vogie man's under the bed, but a beep of the boop of the mouth.
Now, what he said, let's have another terror alert, a terrorist warning.
At about 3.30 in the morning.
Well, I think Chris has got his finger on him. We got a 1025 on a pole.
It's a good thing we got this momentum buildup, you know, the mobile buildup.
Because once the building runs on the 9-to-noons starting next week on the ticket,
we're going to be off-saurus, maybe.
I better eat all this food because I don't know when I'm going to get another one.
That's right. You don't know when your next meal is going to come from now that we got
guilty on. There is going to be our stiff competition.
He's got some admirers out there that guilty. Some of the same people like Harry Potter, you know, and stuff like that.
They think he's an un-a misused talent.
Misused?
Yeah.
The only way he hasn't used his abilities properly.
I say it.
Now, as of today, I think we're going to use him properly.
As in, say goodbye, you like that.
I think it'll be great.
Siddiquid, who's probably one of the most annoying people who ever, ever darkened the state.
And then, of course, guilty with that squeaky sound that makes people cringe,
makes Harry stand up on the back of their neck.
Stuff like that.
I think John Candy is going to pull away.
When is Dan Puller? How do you like that?
The Dark Hoss.
You know, they have a series of Canadian, I don't know what you would call them,
but like little promos with Canadian entertainers come on and there's a little blurb about their life and about them.
And they show them making some kind of a statement when they were alive, which most of them are dead.
It's much better to make a statement when you're alive.
And there's John Candy saying, well, you know, all my thoughts, everybody else that's always been worried about my weight.
Never really worried me all that much. And then, of course, guess what?
What?
Dead. Oh.
Everybody else was worried about John Candy's weight, but he wasn't all that concerned about it.
Never let it bother him. And then, of course, he's dead.
Not good, John. Not good.
Now, what do we, can we, you think we get 1100 today or what, Chris?
Oh, definitely. I make you pardon?
We're going to get it.
Chris says you're going to get it.
This is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
Back in jail again.
I can't believe I'm back in jail again.
I planned my weekend party and I had a home with my friends.
But somehow now I'm back in jail again.
Back in jail again.
With a stroke of a judge's pin.
This where I'll never see the light of day again.
It's so unfair. I'm back in jail again.
Back in jail again. Hey, there's the end night.
Who gave me origami?
She's my only friend.
Everyone in the world seems to hate me.
Oh, for me, I'm back in jail again.
I can't believe I'm back in jail again.
It's supposed to be locked up at home with my friends.
It's still not hot to be back in jail again.
Stick around the desert. Don't give her a map.
It's 1-0-1-5-60-WDQ-AM.
Happy a Thursday to July, number Dose.
No matter how sad they hold you, whatever the hell it means.
Camelot, oh, here's the Astur about the Queen.
I sure wouldn't want to skip over that.
There was going to be an egregious oversight on my part.
Would it not?
A British broadcaster has apologized to the Queen for strongly implying that she stormed out of a sitting.
Would celebrate photographer Annie Lieberman saying a documentary clip have been edited incorrectly.
What word did you say?
Sitting.
A trailer shown Wednesday for forthcoming British BBC documentary series a year with the Queen
gave the impression that the British monarch had abruptly halted the photo shoot when Lieberman asked her to remove her crown.
Oh, my God.
That would be like asking one of the schmattheads to remove their, um, whatever you call those.
What do you call those?
Schmattis?
Yeah, the heavier.
Lieberman was preparing to take an official portrait of the Queen at Buckingham Palace in London.
The photographer known for making unusual requests at one point asked the Queen to remove her crown.
Her thorny crown.
Seen showed the Queen giving the photographer an icy stare before storming off.
An official followed close behind lifting the large train of her blue velvet cape off the floor.
She has a cape, like stupid man.
And Captain Marvel, she has a cape on.
Maybe it's for lunch.
The Queen was her telling her lady in waiting.
I'm not changing anything.
I've had enough dressing like this.
Thank you very much.
Britain's press reported.
But the footage was actually filmed as the Queen made her way into the sitting.
How do you like that?
They can't tell whether this Queen is coming or going.
The BBC said in this trailer there's a sequence that implies the Queen is like,
left a sitting prematurely.
This was not the case.
The natural sequence of events was misrepresented.
The BBC would like to apologize to both the Queen and any Lieberman for any upset this may have caused.
For official portraits of the Queen were eventually released by any Liebervets.
Any interest?
Want to see a picture of the Queen?
I see plenty of pictures of the Queen.
I see a picture of the Queen when I look in the mirror every morning.
What's the big deal with that?
Is it a picture?
The pretty picture of the Queen.
My ass. It's an image.
What's it?
Yeah.
Picture this.
Welcome.
Each.
Wow.
How we going to roll?
Our quest for 1100 days.
Well, we sure got all kinds of stuff going on, man.
Those certificates went like, uh, Hall of I and Tel Aviv, baby.
Like salted hearing in the Brooklyn.
A thousand and thirty nine votes we need.
61 and 57 minutes to get to 1100.
Ordinarily I'd say, oh, lock in the park.
But in the dog days of summer on El Dose de Julio, who the hell knows what evil works?
You know what I'm saying, Chris?
Yeah, and Corey Ham got a vote for you, finally.
How big of a pardon?
Corey Ham finally got a vote for you.
Corey Ham.
Well, thank you whoever wrote it for Corey Ham.
He was cute.
I mean, annoying.
I'm not saying he was a good actor.
Once upon a time he was kind of cute.
I liked him.
And I'm not ashamed to say I liked him.
He was cute.
Is there anything wrong with that?
Yeah.
Sure.
Well, and what's that?
What?
Linda Blair was cute.
She was.
Yeah, she was.
So what's wrong with that?
Is that because she's a female?
Is that what it is?
I think she is.
Yeah.
She always seemed pretty much to me.
I don't know.
Are you kidding me?
Who, and I was Rick Springfield.
I was hooked up with Linda Blair, right?
Right.
Yeah.
I always wondered about him too.
Well.
He was cute too, as a matter of fact.
Rick Springfield.
You're telling me.
Well.
Anyway, now can I get back to my stuff here in the clue about who's cute and who's not cute and who we like to do the most?
But more important than that.
There's nothing wrong with that.
It's more important than that.
Nothing is more important than that.
There's nothing wrong with having fantasies, man.
That's what most of life is all about.
Fandacies.
You fantasize, you know, doing stuff with somebody really, really hot.
And then you go back and do what you're lucky.
Do somebody who's not all that hot.
There is another Springfield again.
You want to be Jesse Drew.
I know with that song, John, that's the one who wants to be Jesse.
He's been-
You don't like that song?
No.
I think we have no like this one.
I meant to watch it and we're spending time on General Hospital.
He's back on there, which is on it.
You know who else was on that show for a period of time?
No.
Richie Simmons.
No.
He's back on there, right?
He is.
Not Richie Simmons, Rick Springfield.
He is.
Are you watch that show?
No.
He loves it.
How do you know that?
Kelly told me.
Kelly?
Yeah.
Dr. Noah Drake, man, he's back.
Who's Kelly?
Kelly's the tallest Scottish chick from Hobos that's standing here.
What's your name, Red Hair?
Spectacular.
Just wait until you see her me grow up in her own mice face.
She's only about twice as tall as Dorch, too.
She's like six foot five.
Beautiful, beautiful long red hair.
It's more in this fly dress.
Why is he so big in any brain?
So get there a lot of their real friends.
We're in the slinky black dress, split up both sides.
Why are you cutting out now?
I am.
Maybe Chris has cut me out.
Never.
You've cut out twice there during your, I think, a little bit too carried away.
Can I continue with the shore?
You're just going to continue, you know, doing the work you've got to come on here.
These boots with like foreign heels on them, like dominatrix boots.
And all she's missing is the whip.
And if she brought it, then she could use it.
1041 on the pool.
We got a thousand 41 votes.
We need fifty nine votes in four, 54 minutes.
Piece of cake.
54 minutes, are you kidding me?
I'm serious.
This to me could be the longest it seems like to me.
Maybe it's just out of practice, you know, twice a week isn't enough.
Well, it's way too much.
Lucy Lopez says hello.
Who's that?
She's from Power 96.
She's on right after us.
How would I know who these people are from Power 96?
You don't.
I didn't talk to her.
You think even if I'm there, high Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
You think even if I'm there, I'm going to be listening to Power 96 or any other radio station.
I don't listen to the radio.
I don't break the news to you.
I don't listen to El Aradio.
I love the meal.
Hey, how are you?
Are you guys still on the air or what?
Yeah, we are.
You don't sound too excited about it.
Yeah, we are.
You still playing all that potty mouth stuff?
Something like that.
How come Joyce doesn't give you grief?
You guys played the filthiest crap I ever heard in my life.
You should hear what I'm going to be starting playing around two o'clock.
See, she just cut out.
Or something with a lion because we're not doing nothing.
What were you saying you're going to play one?
I'm going to play something really potty mouth at two.
That's appropriate.
We don't want to promote Power 96 at two.
We want a mad dog and a two o'clock.
We're pulling QAMs.
You're cutting out a little bit on your hands.
I know what they had to play on Power 96, put him over the top.
All right.
Yeah!
What's up, y'all?
This your boy, T-Mite.
See how you even saw all this with light?
Binyo.
And concepts, right?
Buffy-Buffy.
Yeah.
She said bye.
Oh, bye.
Oh, there's some food.
That's all she cares about.
She's just staring at playing that.
She ran away.
Bye, little pinyo.
Bye, see you.
Bye, bye.
Whoever you are.
See, that's a good part of it is I don't know any of these people and they don't know me.
And that's why they like me so much.
If they knew me, they'd be like that.
Yeah, you know, but 1,200 miles away, I'm very safe.
Very uh...
What are you doing?
What are you playing?
And we...
D.M.X.
I beg your pardon?
Y'all gonna make me lose my mind.
Oh.
Ugh.
I said we're gonna getty from the food over here.
See, if I just shout out now, you think we lost a line after what I said.
And see that we're like two full drops on the floor.
And I think I'm talking to two of them.
Never.
Republicans used to reserve their vitriol for Democrats who oppose President Bush's field war in Iraq,
but no moh says Capitol Hill blew which I started this about 100 minutes ago.
Now it's the GOP calling other members of their party names because they've joined the majority of citizens in this country
and opposing what many see as illegal and immoral war, what many see as, what kind of crap is that, what is, not what the...
It depends on what is means or what it means.
Remember when the bubble was doing all that line?
Right.
About it.
Wins.
So the House Republican leader John Banner referred to as Republican Senate colleagues who backed away from Bush's war, Wimsy calls him.
As their popularity plummetes in their election changes, Dwindel,
more and more Republican senators say enough is enough and escalated their demands in America, yet out of Iraq.
Where we never should have been there in the first place as a raconteck.
In vading another country, occupying it, murder and bloodshed in chaos,
installing a bunch of studious who can even get out of each other's way.
Such public defecions have worked away the thin-veneer of civility in the GOP.
The Associated Press reports with both houses of Congress debating more related legislation,
lawmakers awaited the Bush administration's assessment today of political economic and military progress
made by Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's government.
Administration official said in advance the report concludes that Iraqis have failed to pass long-pronged laws
that the administration is called key national cohesion and economic recovery,
such as legislative would fairly divide Iraq's oil resources.
But official said the report would also show progress in several areas,
such as the drop in sectarian killings in Baghdad and opposition to al-Qaeda terrorists
by travel, sheets and N. Bar province.
Predictably, Democrats say the findings are proof of war for disfailing,
while Republicans say the limited progress shows hope,
and that law make for it should not lose faith.
Banner, Republican able-hyamadeist Wimsy remark in a private meeting yesterday
with the rank and file Republicans ironically at nearly the same moment
that several GOP senators be seats the White House without apparent success
for a quick change in course on Iraq.
I'm hopeful that White House officials change their mind and Senator P. Domenity of New Mexico
said after meeting that President Bush's national security adviser Stephen Handley
held with several Republicans in the Capitol.
Domenity and several other GOP members including senators Richard Luger of India
and George V. Wimsy, said they want Bush to begin reducing the military's role in Iraq.
In the meeting, Handley said Bush wants to wait until September when General David Patreas,
the Iraq war commander, will reassess military progress.
And boldened by the Republican divide,
Democrats called for vote and legislation when U.S. combat operations next year,
they planned their first vote today.
Banner spoke to the Bryan Kennedy said the lawmakers comments were intended to illustrate the fact
that we just recently voted to give the troops their full support,
including ample time for the Patreas plan to work,
and that too much is at stake for Congress to be negative on its comment
by approving that what can only be described as another partisan stunt by Democrats.
Reneg on its comment. How do you spell that? You know.
Sorry?
R-E-N-E-G-E.
Take me to my mind, I'm in jail, I'm in jail.
What's all the likely requests?
10.52 on a poll.
No, that was bad, man. That was really bad.
There was very poor George's on that.
George's on that so that when Al Sharpton comes to town,
it can be a little George he goes after for that crap.
Whatever that I was.
10.54 we need 46 votes, we got 48 minutes,
and that sounds to me like about one minute.
Even during the dog days, even on El Dose de Julio we can do that.
So they love me over at Power 96, or at least Lucy Lopez,
what did she do? She had a jacket, is that it?
Yes, she is, and so does Baby Bree, her dad listens all the time.
Baby Bree?
Sure.
Luther Campbell's niece.
Baby Bree, who that be?
She's on Power 96 right now.
Oh, well that's saying, that's not the first thing.
No, but no fact in the church.
John here in the taxi cab, by that driver, central park.
Thank you, but you looked at me so quesitally.
I could know he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms, the trees I made.
There's no bug, he speaks English, and I'm all over.
I went down to my piano and I met Bree, where the weather business and honey.
I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtzian Beamy's ass, no one to end up.
What does that mean?
The butter's teaching English, and I'm all over.
That's the cornered deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan, speak English, melee.
Oh, you can go back to the lie, razz.
I came here many years ago, learned my ABC.
I don't say much is gross here, I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom, quicker, and American now.
Stop making me sick.
You know what I'm saying?
English, come on in.
180 to 560, I'm going to cue him.
Why I said there was really something that Hobo was a fish joint.
Wow, that just the food.
The Chris apparently just came from the kitchen for some reason,
because he didn't get enough food or something.
Oh, it's the order looked like.
Apparently it's a kitchen zoo in there between the food cookin' that's going on
and the people coming in to get some, yeah.
Well, I'll be damned.
Yes, I'm about to start about how fast we sold those.
We actually, I don't know, we overloaded the things
or got all backed up there, but we basically sold all 50 of them
in like less than a minute.
By the way, I'm eating something saying chocolate dessert thing
that's going to put me over the top now.
I'm going to pass out from it.
I think you're cutting out again.
Oh, there's a big storm going on.
Oh, maybe that's one way.
Is it really something going on?
Oh, yes.
Oh, thank God there's a normal meal.
Thank God there's no Marlins game,
because, rather, there wouldn't be anybody there.
Josh had a lot of food.
Josh had a lot of food on the air that we're cutting out.
Anyway, it's just a little nice.
He's listening actually, Josh, court as you're talking about.
That's all he wants.
Well, he must have come back in there for more food.
That's what he did.
That's what he's doing now.
He's helping with this giant chocolate dessert.
Hmm.
Well, chocolate, whoa, what is it?
It's like a chocolate shortcake with fudge on it,
whipped cream and raspberries.
Flourless.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, I heard them say that.
I didn't hear them say that.
Sure it has a name, but oh, it definitely does.
It's too busy playing DMX to listen.
A bullet that killed a four-large nail teenage
in a confrontation with Broward Cherub's deputies last month
came from his own gun, the Broward Medical Examiner's Orphus says.
Michael E. Taylor, 19, was shot twice once,
fatally in the chest at close range in autopsy.
Found a second bullet pierced his left side,
but that wound was superficial,
which I guess doesn't make too much difference
because the other one killed him.
Taylor died.
June 14th, his grandma's house, where deputies were waiting
to rest him in the sling away,
pomp and obiach man, five days earlier.
B.S. also said Taylor fired at them,
and one deputies respotted with a single shot.
Broward Medical Examiner, Joshua Perfer,
the guy with a really strange head, said,
Taylor's two wounds were self-inflicted
from a 40-calibre handgun.
Taylor's grandma that dismissed the autopsy findings,
there are two sides to every story she said.
Both the Taylor's wounds had gunpowder around them,
which means the shots were fired within two feet per percent,
noting the BSO deputies were at least 90 yards away.
The crucial information is, number one,
the range of the bullets per percent,
adding that a bullet from a deputies rifle
would have caused extensive internal damage
in a different wound pattern.
Witnesses told investigators that Taylor,
friend of the year three or four times,
and then fired downwards several times.
BSO said that the Adam Rubin,
who has been lawful for 20 years,
fired one shot with an AR-15 assault rifle and missed.
Interviews with deputies at the scene in the 800 block
in Northwest 14th Street,
and two witnesses to Wanda King and a 13-year-old grandson
were included in the report.
King Cole, police, she saw a man,
later identified his Taylor shoot in the air and shoot
into the ground to report closer.
If he got shot, he shot himself,
because I can't say the police shot him
because they were ducking.
So there you go.
Well, he, whatever, the long story short,
he's dead and so is the guy that he allegedly killed.
Everything's got to be alleged.
Alleged.
Crazy people were guns.
That's the Americans.
That's the way, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Crazy people, angry people, good guns.
But I'm being by the beep, but I'm a bit of a bit of a
that's what it's at.
1071 and the pull, Chris is going to make his thousand a day.
What a day, huh?
Oh, yeah, what a day.
What an incredible day.
Incredible.
Amen.
There is Joe Biden.
Joe Biden, thanks for your time.
Thanks, Pigeaux.
Nice to have you, liar.
Liar, liar, your pants are on fire.
What's your real name, Joe?
Ischabibble.
Well, you wouldn't run for president if your name was Ischabibble,
would you?
Sure, why not?
President Isch?
Sure, Ischie.
In fact, that reminds me of our current president, president
of Kibibble.
Like that.
That's him.
Schmuck.
Schmendrick.
Schmero.
Schmagegi.
Which of the S-8 now?
That's a good pull someday.
Which of the Yiddish S-H words, well, not the one you're thinking of.
That's not Yiddish.
Schmuck.
Which of them is the most offensive?
Which one would you at least want to be called?
Schmuck.
Schmuck.
Schmero.
Schmendrick.
Schmagegi.
Might leave an idea.
I'll say Schlepper.
Schlepper.
That's good.
Even George those are Schleppers.
I want to know one is today.
U.S. Senate Republicans yesterday have blocked and proposed to give American troops in Iraq more
arrest from battle as Democrats.
We knew there were attempts to change President Bush's policy in Iraq.
While the White House won this initial skirmish on a military policy bill, it lost support
of seven of Bush's fellow Republicans in the Senate's thought on requiring minimum
rest times between troop deployments, six of the Republicans are up for reelection next
year.
I wonder if that might have something to do with it.
Trying to calm the Senate among your growing number of Republicans over the White House
to dispatch national security adviser Stephen Hadley to the Hill for the Second Straight
Day while Secretary of State Condoleezza writes telephone lawmakers, maybe she was busy
shouting for some new shoes.
Condoleezza.
That bull-dike Condoleezza.
I'm going to play that in the original one in a minute.
Double-Doug Darden.
Rice and Hadley are senators to back Bush's determination to wait until September for
the valuation of the mission now by General DeWayne.
Well, if I could find it here, one moment.
One moment, please, I can't find that.
But you know what I can find, which I think would be excellent.
And you know who would get talking bokeh and were be singing this on the air tomorrow?
I can just hear it right now because you know how sensitive he is.
Except how it comes to faggots and he loses his sensitivity because he walks into too
many of those tea rooms where there was a faggots that are diddling each other, you know?
And he's to contab that crap.
Yeah, I would be through a fiber and countered it, but they were never having any of that.
No, I never had any of that.
Neither is an old fagg like me.
And you're looking for it.
See you're cutting out again.
Oh no.
Here you go, Kimba.
Dig in, baby.
They want us to find a way.
All right.
They reimbursed for back pay.
You found it.
From 200 years ago when they were slaves.
No, no, no.
When I only have a mobile home, a pitful and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how, here's what I gotta say.
You've got to.
Yeah, you've got to do that.
Oh.
Do you think it's a storm that's causing the cut now?
Because it's intense.
Yes.
Yes.
Well, if it's storm, I better get on here because the sun is shining here.
It's beautiful.
You want to know what the temperature is?
No.
But I'll say anyway.
I know.
I've actually cast an oval on so how, you notice how we've made this tremendous comeback since they've gone on
until midnight from 530 in the midnight?
Yeah, until midnight.
I've got all this competition to do.
It's always going to take a reading marginal show and put it on for like a hundred hours.
It's 26, you know what that is?
It's 26 Celsius.
That means it's a 79.
And the height of it is going to be 25.
How's that possible?
See, they'll change it again.
They're famous for doing that.
They'll give you the highest going to be 25 and then you look up its 26.
They'll say, oh, well, that's going to be 28.
That's going to be 29.
Like that.
Chris is pretty confident, man.
He's pretty cocky about his 1100 votes today.
It's been a banner day, man.
What word did you say?
He's cocky 1075.
Wait till you hear this.
What?
The anxious Ralph Nader.
The independent presidential candidate, the Democrats love to hate, is afraid that Pennsylvania authorities tried to
do it for $61,000.
Our Bats are freezes, personal bank account.
Oh, right.
Good idea.
Freezes asked.
Put them on Batman.
He could be the next Mr. Freeze.
Who was Mr. Freeze, Vincent Price?
Or Milton Burrell?
Who was that?
I don't know.
Next, remember Mr. Freeze?
It was the Vincent Price.
Vincent Price.
Native random to a bus so many try to get on the Pennsylvania ballot in 2004 as an independent candidate.
Democratic activists kept him off the ballot.
Biden in court for turning in fraudulent signatures as campaigned and collected and around the
verge of getting officials into his home city of Washington to attach his assets.
Native who's contemplating running again in 2008, claims the small epolymphics permeates
the conflict.
Democrats in the Keystone State claim him for tilting the 2000 election to the George W. Bush.
TJ Rooney, chairman of the Pennsylvania Democratic Party, said the mention of Nader's
name said his blood pressure up 50 points.
He told of the judgment against Nader Rooney laughed.
I think that's great. He said your GD righty should pay and he should go away because he didn't learn his lesson in 2000
Amen to that go away already, okay? Go away a little boy
You silly person talk about an egomaniac
Lunatic crazy person he ought to be working for Beasley, you know
By the way, thanks very much for getting my paycheck there one day late yesterday
Then thanks to the help of a fat ass Johnny Joe Bell. He was really pretty, uh, you know
marginally helpful
He thought it was like a big you know
Everything's a big joke
Like when he brings some more of his stuages down from Raleigh and fire some more people have been working their real hard like like Raleigh
You know, I mean that Raleigh isn't a good mood today because he won't be for long once they fire his ass
What I heard Carlos said yesterday when I tried and get a hold of Fat Jolly uh the deadbeat Joe was that he was busy
Looking through the yellow page load through the white pages from Raleigh trying to find some more people to hire
I
I sure hope I'm not gonna do the wrong spot here, you know what well ask Chris which one to do
Oh as it
Well, it is the wrong spot because it's the one for hobos
Three times in a row now we had quick sell us for our half-price deals on QA and the one we had today of hobos
When they we sold out in about a minute or less than we for real
Correct you're gonna lie you're gonna argue with me about that because there's a glitch on there
Anyway, the system hobos fish joint is incredible the food was sensational
They we thank them for that you'll find them at 246 south power line road in dear field beach featuring the best
Seafood under the sun chef Stevens committed to quality seafood superior service and brings out the flavor in every dish
Using a classic style with modern pizzazz awesome appetizers house specials and an extensive wine list about it hobos
Fish joint of chef Steven creation
And what are you guys hand today that was out of this world? Oh what haven't we had we had some spicy shrimp
We had some blueberry fish that I forget the dish of we had
salmon we had
Stuff crap giant crab cake colossal crab cakes and
And this chocolate insane flowerless thing that I'm still working on trying out again. There must be it's the way to check this line
Baby you better hop on it
Get a hold of step and hop on his ass and turn it to a grass
Yeah
Hey
This is your boy's you might see how you even saws with light hooks and concepts, right?
But
This
Peobe
Are you
Make
We're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the
boys, we'm the boys, we're the boys, we see scream scream scream out loud, we wake up, we wake up, we wake up, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're in the girls, they're boys. We're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, we're the boys, they're the boys, we're the boys, we
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
We're spinning red, lots of red, lots of red
I-E-A-D-A-P-O
You've played with plenty of good crap like that in Paranoid
And you've six to eight haven't
Any share easy but thank god they're not
Because then we'd be in big trouble
And now we're in real trouble next week
By the way, happy birthday to our friend Brandon
He did show up because tomorrow is his 25th birthday
Are you still there?
I'm right here, happy birthday Brandon
Well the reason I'm asking you, I don't respect you
I don't know from Brandon, you don't communicate with me
You're one of my my space friends too but yes, we don't communicate
Well why not? Why?
I mean you have a reason not to communicate with the professor
Because he likes Harry Potter and you know you guys are pissed off at each other
We have communicated, we got that anime thing going
Yeah, I know that
But anyway, what was I just going to say something very important about Brandon?
Brandon? No, not about that
We got a thousand 86 votes on there
Which means we need 14 more for a lot of time
We got that, we got everything under control
Yeah well 25, you know, is it getting all these things?
At what point, at what point you can see yourself?
I guess about 30 men that are people punks
You know anybody under 30, when they get to 30 then they can see that's not a good line of cross
25 ain't nothing, I wouldn't mind 25 again, you know?
You know, you'll take it
Oh I was going to tell you that you interrupt as they keep cutting out of bad
Sorry, it's the storm
See, real bad
Like you, whatever you just said, something like that
So you remember I was going to be talking about it
You're not cutting out and apparently it's not cutting out on the radio
No, it's not on the air, it's in the line from there to here
It's in your crap down there as always, it's always in the QM crap
Every time it rains, every time there's a cloud in the sky, the QM crap just goes to
That's right
So you know it's on that end
Yes, you have an issue
And therefore something has got some water in it, you know
So tell me, go get a plunger and you know pump the water out
When the doubt pump it out, schmucks, schmendrix, schmueggies, schmueggies, schmuezzles
Oh, we left that one off the Lich, schmuezzles
That's right
What that means?
No
Somebody with no luck
I thought that was a...
A schlup
A schlup?
Schlup is a schluper, but schmuezzles is like a sand sack
I can't see
I mean, just can't catch a break
Everything is like just having no luck
Like Chris in there
And not like Chris is a good example of a schluper, I was a lot of agree with that
He can't catch a break
It's not what the word is
And I said, oh friend, it's what I'm here
We aren't supposed to talk about that in a year
Happy birthday, Brad
And happy Thursday, Z-Man and Ricky and Mr. Professor
I still can't give that out of my mind
That one email, that was not an email, I wish it was
Because then I could have saved it
I could have saved this too, but I forgot
An instant message about that chicken at movie here
I think that's the reason he went to see Harry Potter
I don't think he was a flying crap about the...
It's the dark story and the drama
I don't think he cares about that
I think he's got the hospital at chicken at movie
What's your name?
I don't know
Toma Annie
Emma Watson
Sure
Emma Watson
When I was she about 13, 12, about that
China has banned companies from using DEG diahelene glycol
A thickening agent used in anti-freeze and as a solvent
In the production of toothpaste
And it's late to move to raise confidence in the country's food and drug safety procedures
The official Shin-Wan news agency said yesterday
Those Chinese men, oh boy
By the way since we're getting all this feedback
Like from Boca-Brine
Vincent Price was egghead
Mr. Freeze was Milton Burl
No
Don't tell me
Mr. Freeze
Oh I don't know if somebody I don't know
Sure it is
We've discussed this before
Who was it?
Otto Preninger
Oh well okay so I would remember that?
We could have said that before
We just don't know what we were
How many episodes was he in?
I don't know
Couple?
Not too many
About 30
One of the best shows in the history of TV, man
I sure hope that they're showing that there on the like what are the old moldy state channels?
TV-Land?
Sure
Yeah TV-Land stuff like that
The original Batman
All these Batman movies baby they suck
And especially the ones where Robin doesn't even exist
How can you have Batman and not have Robin?
And it's got nothing to do with those shorts
I'm not talking about that
Although you know in my mind it does
But how can you have a Batman without a Robin?
It's part of the story
It's like it'll be like having a Superman without a cape
Now you'll notice time when I don't have no cape on in a small one
Right not yet
Got a small one
Cape
Chinese to made toothpaste container
Let's see can I get back to that?
China for bad
Now do you say for a bad or for a bad for bad for bad?
For bad
China prohibited domestic enterprises to use D.E.G. as the raw materials for toothpaste as of yesterday
After a number of countries banned the selling of toothpaste containing this chemical
Chinese made toothpaste containing D.E.G. has been banned in North America, South America and Asia
Two bands of toothpaste sold in Espania were also pulled from the store shelves after the substance was found
The EU said this week
Don't buy toothpaste from China baby
Although there have been no reports of health problems stemming from the toothpaste
Dozens of people in Panama died last year after taking medicine contaminated with the E.G. imported from
China
China
It was passed off as harmless glycerin but guess what it had? D.E.G. and other D.E.A.D.
The announcement is the latest in the string of most by China to clarify murky regulations
Titan enforcement and cleanup graph
Factors underpinning its poor safe food safety record
And of course that's where so much of these exotic erotic diseases start
Because of the unsanitary conditions and there was a thing on the one of the one of either MSNBC or San in last night
About all the the rat epidemic in China
Eee
Yeah
You combine all these ingredients together and what do you got?
You got filth baby, you got a mess
As opposed to the very nice clean Chinese here in Toronto
400,000 in one hour I would say like maybe 200,000 in the morning ice and clean and the other ones are like you know
It smells really bad I say
Especially with wine
Did I tell you I got six wedding days in a row I did tell you that but I want to glow to about it because it won't last forever
And then when I lose I'll start losing my ass big but that's really amazing
That's probably what inspired the court is to say I'm going to Vegas about a gamble
But he's not going to play no slots right?
No
That's for sissies
I'm going to play the 10 grand right big of her
She's going to play spades
What what the lasagne are you starting with racial crapping in her what?
Yeah that's what it was
Okamper is going to have your ass on the plate tomorrow baby
Very single artist he embodies the spirit of summer like Gordon Lightfoot
Are you serious?
Absolutely
And now Gordon Lightfoot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald
And turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album
Gordon Lightfoot sweats out summer
Some time they wonder who they're going to do
But they ain't no cure for the summer time
Yes Canada's own Gordon Lightfoot is heating up the Great White North
With a red hot version of this love and spoonful classic
A town summer in the city
Back of mine and get injured in the rain
Just wait until you hear Gordon Lightfoot's novel approach to summer's most famous novel he saw
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Put your toes in the sand and your fingers in your ears and get ready for Gordon Lightfoot's rendition of this hit from the shainees
It's summer time summer time summer time summer time
You'll want to stick this collection where the sun don't shine in your sleep
That's the layer
It's Gordon Lightfoot's sweats out summer
147.13.2
Mad Dog will be along in two o'clock
Seems like we only been here for what 70-80 hours today
Now I'm five minutes to line by like Reese Lightning
Sure
I think you'd be crazy anyway to pull with our 1100 votes
I can hear people screaming and yelling and cheering on
1102 as a matter of fact as I speak right now
I might just read the result here that should take us to about 430
Bob Burnett on this working chimps got a good column
It's just this short note I think I can squeeze it in
Can you squeeze it?
I can squeeze it
Faith and politics
He says how important is it that the presidential candidates tell us whether or not they are Christians
For many Berkeley residents it's not important at all
Most of us feel that religious belief is a personal matter
What matters most is that candidates adhere to high ethical standards
And honor the US Constitution
The perennial Americans identifying as a Christian in shorthand for being on the right side
As a result candidates for president are forced to talk about their Christian faith
This comes as no surprise as the US is an extremely religious country
According to the May 10th Gallup poll, 86% of Americans believe in God
They'll God
Only 6% don't believe our religious terrain is dominated by Christians
The most recent Gallup poll indicated that 75% describe Christianity as their religious preference
Only 11% say they have none
A large percentage of US Christians profess fundamentalist beliefs
43% of Protestants describe themselves as born again a evangelical Christians
Typically they have dogmatic conservative beliefs
The Bible is literally true, the end times are coming soon
And the US must become a Christian nation
As George Bush's popularity is weighing so as promotion of the concept that he is the anointed leader of the Christian nation
The notion that US functions better as a Theocracy than a Vizes democracy
Yet a vast conservative Christian radio and TV network has kept the Christian nation idealized
They frequently declare that the Bible takes precedence over the Constitution
The Christian nation concept grabs a quote of re-of-conservative Christian commentators such as James Roberson
This is the most recent column, Roberson dissected comments made by Democratic presidents of candidates at the recent Faith Forum
He quoted John Edwards who said, I also understand the distinction between my job as president of the US
And my responsibility to be respectful of and to embrace all faith beliefs
Roberson and Roberson counted, so while some candidates profess to be true Christians
They feel a responsibility to embrace Islam, atheism, Scientology, the new age movement every other belief
Or at least select portions of them
Their wisdom holds that the leadership rule demands a dualistic spirit between attitudes and actions
They personally want moral legislation defined by most mainstream Christians but feel duty-bound not to provide it
Roberson invoked the true Christian believer imagery
The notion that real Christians don't accept theological diversity for then there's only one source of truth, the Bible
In its scathing 2004 critique of fundamentalism, Sam Harris linked dogmatic religion and terrorism
Harris argued that the worst aspects of Islam, those that inspired the attacks of 9-11 are similarly central tendencies of all for conservative Christianity
There's one true religion, anyone who doesn't accept their religions by definition and infinite, unbelievers will not get into heaven
And for those who are shown the truth, the ends justify the means
Harris warns that unless the Western rule questions the core tenets of fundamentalist religions, we risk being swept into a global holy war fought with modern technology, holy moly
The February 20th Gallup, full-checked American attitudes about sex, race, age and other factors, the most negative attitude concerned atheism
53% of respondents indicated they would not vote for an atheist
Thus we shouldn't be surprised that Democrats as well as Republican candidates identify themselves as Christians
They don't want to be seen as non-believers
However, there were two faces of American Christianity, the fundamentalist wing that hungers for a Christian nation and believes that anyone who respects the rights of non-Christians is in apostate, the other more tolerant wing
Speaking of the Convention of the United Church across the June 23rd, Barack Obama spoke from the tolerant progressive Christian perspective
He declared that religion has a part to play in American politics but to find it as the role of inclusion
United Americans deal with common problems such as poverty and environmental degradation
Obama observed somehow, somewhere along the way, faith stopped being used to bring us together, faith started being used to drive us apart, faith got hijacked
The junior senator from Illinois blamed us on so-called leaders of the Christian right who have been all too eager to export what divides us
He indicated that the religious right is hijacked faith and divided the country using wedge issues
Whoever the eventual Democratic and Republican presidential candidate turns out to be there's no doubt they'll identify as a Christian
The critical question for American voters is what kind of Christian they actually are
Well, the candidate be a fundamentalist Christian like Kansas Senator, the lunatic Sam Brownback, or they be a progressive Christian like Barack Obama
They both proclaim their faith but one has a close theocratic view that challenges democracy while the other has an open inclusive view that strengthens it
That's a critical distinction in terms of protecting democracy and religious diversity
Tony, I had time, didn't I?
I knew it.
You got a town with science, baby. Read in that newspaper
Okay, we got a minute. Here's the Apple. I should read them all but I don't have time. We got 1100 in the summer. How many we got Chris?
Level two or level five? I'm sorry, we're up to 11. Oh, no.
What are you battling? I think the blood sugar must be. Did you eat some of that chocolate surprise there?
Yes, I did actually have a surprise.
Faster. Who's your favorite Canadian entertainer all the time? We asked John Candy is going to win. He's at 136. It's pretty tight though.
Bill Shatton or 121. Neal Young is taking a little slide down to 114 to turn.
Jim Curie 63 Michael J. Fox 59 Dan Acquired 56. Phil Hartman 51. Paul Mike Myers only 45. He's lost his mojo, baby.
Lesson Yielson 43. And Tommy Chong 35. You'll be distressed to see that Pan Anderson's got 33.
Well, Shenai Twain has only 31. That in itself is enough to make you Kakka.
Yeah, it's a very good. You can't explode on the floor.
It's David.
Oh, oh.
It's Miami Town.
Oh!
At 56.00 WQA.
Thank you.
I'm dying on the hair.
Joyce is out to get us out.
What you make and just join our show.
I want to get that hair. That's absolutely.
Joyce is a bit of a headache.
Don't know. Nothing about maybe you'll.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh!
May any thoughts?
Joyce went to Chitidu Blasco.
Oh, it's more stupid than Roger the Turtle.
Yes, Ron, find a bit of food.
I don't think that's more of a clever word.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
I don't think that's more of a pain.
I don't want to hear anything more.
It's like, just not to find me.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm taking up friends in those scurrying and I'm getting fed up on me.
I'm going to destroy the oldie's shoulder.
I keep the distance.
I'm not the type of game pointing at us.
I'm going to wake up like a night-dance.
I'm going to take out all the presents now.
Oh!
You know we can't play no cards.
No.
A little, little, little.
Bye, bye, bye!
