Redham and say cheese.
The life can get convoluted in a lot of different ways.
And I want to thank my guest today.
Now, you're the one who was betrayed.
Yes.
And you're the partner who strayed from your relationship.
Of course.
And how many times have you been able to know the woman
since you've been married?
More than a thousand.
What?
Okay.
Why?
Hillary was a great ride, but not good enough.
Sounds like it make you feel.
Very, very ugly.
She says he started gagging at the side of her body.
Flabby stomach, sagging chest, stretch marks.
She was a pig.
Hey.
She spent 20 grand on plastic surgery,
hoping her husband would only have eyes for her.
Yes.
But she says it wasn't enough to keep him faithful.
No.
Because you've cheated since the surgery, right?
I couldn't stop.
Now, this woman that you were with Monday night?
This was three women.
Three.
All at one time?
Of course.
Okay.
I never wanted that mic to end.
Are you listening to this?
Yeah.
Now, you've got a serious decision to make.
He believes he should be allowed to cheat when he gets bored.
You need to get a divorce and move on.
Are you willing to do that?
Are you?
Absolutely not.
Can you understand?
He was with somebody Monday night.
You bet I did.
Hillary was all for it.
In fact, I procured women for Bill.
I was so proud of her.
Okay.
I mean, are you cool with it?
Yes.
If not, I would be gone.
Oh, is that it?
Kind of a rough 10 out of 2 at 560 WDQM, happy Thursday.
Georgia beyond tomorrow.
I'm getting out of here.
Boated.
That's right.
Georgia beyond with what's her name?
Julie.
Julie.
I know.
Who is it, Bobby Sherman?
Oh, brother.
I read her Alan Sherman and Bobby Sherman.
But nevertheless, you know, we got over 1200 votes to start today.
And you want to know why?
Because in spite of your protestations yesterday, I did a smart thing.
I put the new poll on right in the middle of the show, right smack dab in the middle.
And but I bing.
There it is.
Over 1200 to start.
So even Christmas is going to be 1500.
Julie, Julie, boy, that Bobby Sherman could be sing or what?
I thought she'd go out and sing.
Bobby Sherman.
I'll talk it up anyway.
Queen.
Horrible.
Now, that will be a good poll question.
Who is the worst Fabian tab hunter?
Bobby Sherman.
Who are some of those other words?
What is the category?
Just bad make believe singers.
Oh, make believe singers as opposed to like maybe real singers lounge acts.
You mean?
Whatever you want to call.
All right.
Who is it that you were calling a lounge act?
They're really pushing you down.
Well, that's that is so tacky, man.
It is so bad.
Well, I wish I had a bunch of Luis Miguel.
I'd put it on here right now.
This is a former protest.
That'd be so fired up.
I got off.
You don't really believe that.
He's a lounge act.
We don't want to go over it again.
He doesn't write.
He doesn't originate.
He just shows up.
Oh, he has to hand him a sheet of music before he's not a great singer.
That's like saying that because Pavarotti didn't write all those operas that he's saying that didn't make him a great singer.
What kind of crap is that?
Yeah, so he's a great singer, but he's not a musician.
So what difference is it that he's a great singer?
Well, that's what I care about.
People when they listen to music, they're not listening to you.
Oh, is he a great musician?
Did he write the lyrics?
Who cares?
Oh, that's okay.
Bob Dylan wrote a lot of great songs.
There were two of them.
I mean, is this singer?
No.
I want to listen to somebody sing.
I want to hear a great singer.
Not somebody who's a great musician.
I got way more Luis Miguel than I ever wanted to have.
No, you don't need it.
Okay.
I know.
We're deleted.
Oh, I never made it.
Oh, Swania.
Swania.
Yeah, which I wasn't able to talk to.
You've been talking to him for a long time.
You shut up on me.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
A voice that just melts your heart.
It's just like your existence.
It just melts like butter.
It sounded like he was hurting.
You know, you're such a pus.
I take back what I said about Josh Cordis before the show.
And by the way, Josh, the checks in the mail, Swania.
He's just, I don't know.
It sounded like he was hurting when he was trying to sing.
He didn't sound like he was hurting his voice.
That's why he sounded, uh, yeah, Josh.
There's nothing wrong with Luis Miguel's voice.
He just doesn't sing any songs that anyone would ever want to hear.
That's why he sold millions of albums.
Yeah.
That's why.
So he wanted people like you.
He sold with his platform.
He's the other kind asked because Mariah didn't realize that he would.
Yeah.
Like that.
Anyway, thanks to Alberto, whoever you are, for sending in some really interesting trivial crap.
I think it's pretty interesting before we dive into our all that other crap about NBC.
Got the video from Chaua, whatever his name is.
From that crazy nut job.
Life in the 1500s.
The next time you're washing your hands and complaining because the water temperature isn't just how you like it.
Think about how things used to be.
Here are some facts about the 1500s.
Well, that's just before I was born.
Most people got married in June because they took their yearly bath in May.
Oh!
And still smell pretty good by June.
However, they were starting this smell so brides carried a bouquet of flowers to hide the body.
Or hence, the custom today of carrying a bouquet when getting married.
They did.
Oh, they took their yearly bath in May.
Ooh!
I know some people like that.
By the way, I lost my asset with by yesterday for anybody who cares.
They're just stealing money.
Baths consisted of a big tub filled with hot water.
The man of the house had the privilege of the nice clean water.
Then the obvious sons and men.
And then the women.
And finally, the children.
Last of all the babies.
Oh, nice.
But then the water was so dirty you could actually lose somebody.
And hence the saying, don't throw the baby out of the bath water.
That's cute.
I like that.
Now we're learning stuff.
I don't even tend to have 15 yet.
I already am learning stuff.
Like I shouldn't have come in here today.
And like Chris is just sucking up to you again, knocking Luis Miguel.
You only wish that you, A, looked like him, behead his money and see had that voice.
But other than that, yeah.
Houses had that roof stick straw pile high with no wood underneath.
There was the only place for animals to get warm.
So all the cats of this small animals, mice and bugs lived in the roof when it rained.
It became sliver and sometimes animals were slipping fall off.
Hence the saying, it's raining cats and dogs.
I like that.
Maybe some of the men were up on the roof.
And when they slipped off and it got to be slippery, it's raining men up on the roof.
How do you like that?
When the soul starts getting me down.
I'm tempted just to play those two.
It could be weren't loving up on the roof by the crying chains all the way through.
I want to say that.
I want to say that.
I want to say that.
I want to say that.
I want to say that.
I want to say that.
I want to say that.
The only part of biting my tongue is Mexican and is that it?
No.
Mexican in them?
Because his music is for old women and fags.
Like me.
That's right.
And all those red necks in Tampa that were by the way she went out and played it on the
ear.
I said fags.
Oh yeah.
There's no fags in Tampa.
Oh yeah.
And with them, Mr.
Anyway, there was nothing to stop things from falling into the house.
This posed a real problem in the bedroom where bugs and other drop-ins could mess up the nice clean bed.
Hence the bed with big posts and a sheath all over the top affordance and protection.
That's how canopy beds came into existence.
Nothing like a canopy.
Great.
Or bottle floor was dirt.
Only the wealthy had something out of them dirt.
Hence the saying dirt poor.
The wealthy had slate floors that we could slip in the winter when wet so they spread
Thresh, straw on the floor to help keep their footing as the winter were on the added more
thresh until when you opened the door would all start slipping outside.
A piece of wood was placed in the entrance way hence the saying a threshold.
Ha!
Wow.
I'll be gosh danged.
Careful.
I'll be god darned.
Careful how you dang it.
In those old days they cooked in the kitchen with a big kettle that always hung over the fire.
Every day they lift the fire and add things to the pot.
Most of the vegetables didn't even get much meat.
They would eat the stew for dinner leaving leftovers in the pot to get cold overnight and then start over the next day.
Sometimes stew had food inside of been there for quite a while.
Hence the rhyme,
Peas porridge hot, peas porridge cold, peas porridge in the pot nine days old.
I never heard that in my mind either.
That's the only last thing.
And I think I did a fine reading on it too.
Especially for a virgin reading.
I never heard that crap.
Peas porridge hot, peas porridge cold, peas porridge in the pot nine days old.
Alright.
What's your crap?
Sometimes they could obtain pork which made them feel quite special.
Yeah.
I understand.
Yeah, but you're talking there.
We're not going to say porky.
When visitors came over they would hang up their bacon to show off.
It was a sign of wealth that a man could bring home the bacon.
They would cut off a little to share with guests and all sit around and chew the fat.
Oh, bring home the bacon and chew on the fat.
Right.
Good.
God Almighty, this is educational.
Thank you Alberto.
And there's a lot more.
Those with money had plates of pewter, made with a pewter, food with high acid content,
because some of the lead deletes out of the food causing lead poisoning death.
This happened up most often with tomato.
So for the next 400 years or so tomatoes were considered poisonous.
Hmm.
Those.
Definitely nice shame.
Bread was divided according to status.
Workers got the burnt bottom of the loaf.
The family got the middle and guests got the top of the upper crust.
You see that?
Yeah.
The upper crust.
Lead cups were used to drink ale or whiskey.
The combination with sometimes not the imbibres out for a couple of days.
Someone walking along the road would take them for dead and prepare them for burial.
They were laid out on the kitchen table for a couple of days.
The family would gather around and eat and drink and wait and see if they would wake up.
Hence the customer holding awake.
Makes sense?
Oh, wake up.
Yeah.
Pokemon.
England is old and small and local folks are running out of places to bury people.
So they would dig up coffins and would take the bones to a bone house and reuse the grave.
Oh, it sounds like that movie, um, hostile.
Yeah.
Don't get pulled in.
Opening these coffins, one out of 25 coffins were found to have scraps marks on the inside.
And they realized they had been burying people alive so they would tie a string on the wrist of the corpse,
lead it through the coffin and open an up through the ground and tie it to a bell.
Someone would have to sit out in the graveyard all night to graveyard shift to listen for the bell.
Unless someone could be saved by the bell or was considered a dead ringer.
Man, oh man.
How do you like all of these expressions?
They're so light and light and original.
Wow.
And it says, that's the truth.
Now whoever said history was boring.
Feel so much smarter.
Ring my bell.
Who did that?
Ring my bell.
Need a word.
Who did?
Anita Ward.
Anita Ward.
Mullin did, I got a brand new bell or saved.
Something like that.
We got a brand new, uh, what's she doing?
Brand new, brand new key.
Brand new key.
Mullin, that's a horrible song.
And don't you dare play that.
No, I'm working on Ring my bell.
Thank you very much.
Oh, I need a word.
Yeah.
It's got a better beat.
You can dance too.
Wait, wait, wait.
No one is on the floor.
Talk about all of these.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
I do like that.
Can you find it up?
I can.
I just did.
I can't.
I can't.
Dance song, by the way.
And immediately of her smash, I'm sure you did read her.
We need to get out.
Any more.
We had Billy Ward in the Dominoes.
Deep Purple.
I want to get out of that.
I will actually have sexual assignment in my room.
Billy Ward in the Dominoes, what?
Deep Purple.
By Hogi Carmichael, by the way.
I love trivia there for old people like Chickenick.
I bet you remember Hogi Carmichael.
No.
I've only been dead for about 100 years.
I got some deep purple, but.
No, I'm not talking about hush by deep purple.
I do like that.
I got you talking about.
Deep Purple by Donnie and Marie.
Oh, let's hear that.
I love Donnie.
I need no tempo.
You know tempo and equal Stevens.
Right.
This is the Donnie and Marie.
Oh.
I got the other one soon, so you know, whatever.
Well, wait a minute.
What about...
I got a coin here.
I got the one in favor of the game.
I got the most tempo and...
At least I got a lot better.
That's the best one yet.
Stay away from me.
I don't even know how you had a children.
Billy Ward.
I don't have time to put it.
Well, we'll do that for the break.
It's to the tune of Deep Purple.
I tell you one thing.
That day when I had Donnie on a show at IOD,
it's too bad that he was already too old and hairy and everything by then.
If he would have been like about, I don't know, 18, that's legal.
Now, did you have him on the show the way we want to have Julie on the show?
He was not sitting on my life.
And his wife was sitting in the control room, giving me dirty looks.
He weren't there when that happened.
Yes.
Marvin was still working on the show.
I guess.
Yeah, I had him around.
I don't blame her.
I'll say it again.
She knew we were all about it.
He was a good guy.
And a good sense of humor.
Mm-hmm.
And even when I put my hand on his leg, he was like...
You'll be hard-pressed to find a Mormon who was a nice person.
Really?
But I mean, he wasn't like a religious fanatic.
He wasn't a lot of people.
No, that's not it.
He was like the nice people.
Like that's all they thought.
It was kind of far-bistened.
She kept looking at me like, you and I.
I'm him and you're dead meat.
You know, you could feel it.
You could feel it.
You could feel it.
Yeah, but he did feel it more than once.
And our David's a bitch.
Oh, what a good boy.
They got a call here.
The number one rated divin' in Moe.
How would a David and his show?
At least according to my aspirations.
Stay away from it.
I don't even know how you have children.
Mirabaw, hello.
Yes, I want to take on J. Feeder.
Oh, J. Feeder.
He's a great quarterback.
And a good Jew.
I like J. Feeder.
Well, not to mention, he's got to extraordinary smooth beatboxes.
Oh, yeah.
David's got to be jiffy with you, say-hi.
Oh, jiffy, thank you, Moe.
Oh, no, no, wait a minute.
It's all go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
How's the way the down there in the mirror, Moe?
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, by the way, stop.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I tell you what.
I'll hold you open up, break.
How's that, man?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
Bye bye bye.
I'm not a wait, too.
That was the only color we had.
The things on your nose is blowing again.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
You got things with all things.
On your nose and on your face.
And around those golden pimples.
You walk my eyes.
If you go look, it's up here at your feet.
A road map of YSL and Z.
You got your happy sun.
Way to die, die, die.
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I take.
And my veins suddenly start to tickle.
My eyes are annoyed, the door to door is yours.
Yeah, I hope I come forward a path.
That's because I'm on 20th of May.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
And say it's kind of a discovery.
Power no matter what.
Sleepy, joyful, sweet.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord.
You'll be right out of second.
Eat your heart out, hoagie, karma.
Nobody ever sang it like that.
All of them think you wrote Deep Purple.
I think you wrote Star Dust.
All right.
You want to Google that?
Deep Purple and see who wrote that.
Hey Chris, you want to Google that?
Deep Purple.
Can you do it?
Can you hear it?
Yes, Chris, and between sandwiches and between
shoving all that food down your fat face.
Hey, hey, hey, the breakfast hasn't even shown up yet.
And what happened yesterday was a char-hut.
I don't want to pee on there for raid with that,
but you guys can get it.
We got our chicken finger rash.
Oh, chicken finger is my ass.
Didn't you hear that thing that I read the professor
sending about all those things that are bad for,
including fried, whatever the name did go?
Deep fried chicken cram.
And you don't care.
What do you mean I don't care?
We take what we get.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
They're killing you with that stuff.
If they'd send you some of the good stuff like the burgers and stuff.
Yeah, the weenies.
Eat that too.
And the weenies.
And the sausage?
Yeah, weenies.
That's for you.
I'm planning to those running around that place.
Well, I'm just, I'm off of food.
I'm going to do the Dr. Sanjay pooped a care and carpet.
Oh, with a few exceptions.
You know, I have like a special event, special lunch or something like that.
I'll pick out.
And then the rest of the time, we're just not eating.
Anybody believe that?
I'll say how full a crap I am.
Yesterday, after losing my ass, I went upstairs,
tracked to the second level of woodbind,
where you can watch the races.
And they have a cafeteria up there with, you know, crap,
pizza and hot dogs and burgers and stuff.
And guess what I had?
What?
What was I talking about yesterday?
On Fridays, you know?
Weenies.
No.
Instead of meat, what do we eat on Fridays?
You're a peeper.
Or the fish?
No.
Well, you had some shrimp or lobsters.
No, I did not.
No.
What is wrong with you?
Something really bad for me.
That's in my blood sugar skyrocketing.
Ice cream.
No.
Potatoes.
Friday.
No meat.
What do you have?
What do you have?
I have a lot of food.
I have a lot of food yesterday.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Everybody has closed on one piece in three verses,
cousin fourth raise.
Look, he knows his temper better better better better better better better better.
Look, he knows her
Look, he knows his temper better better.
David Yover writes,
chemistry building. I'd actually have been plenty of bombs dropped in there. By a student
and turned over to a faculty member, 12, 15 yesterday afternoon, all classes and meetings
in those buildings were canceled for the day. But everything is just fine. Don't get panicky
if you got kids at the University of Minnesota. And first of all, if you got kids at the University
of Minnesota and Minneapolis, I'd like to under... Why? Why would anybody go there? I mean,
I could understand Michigan, Michigan State, Ohio State, huh? Florida State, right?
Right? What? Gate, or land? I can understand those places. But University of Minnesota,
they got a pretty good hockey team, I guess. Although I guess Michigan State won the big
big inch a lot of whatever. How the pantheists do it in the playoffs, same as the Leafs,
huh? They're on Vegas? That's right. They've lost no games in the playoffs this year.
The worst trade possibly in modern history and the national hockey league, man, and those
both of those are still there. Jack Martin, same old crack, man. Training away one of the
best three or four goalies in the entire game of Roberto Luongo made 76 saves in the
Vancouver's first win in the playoffs. 76 in four over times in a one-a-game. For a
guy that couldn't stop a bowling ball, Alex Aldmias and then of course, speaking of
old Eddie Balfour, who just turned 98. What's your take on the shootings of Virginia Tech
with our pull question yesterday? We'd like to board it that in the middle of the show
and we win to the new one, which now we got 1246. We're going to do over 1,500 during
the show today, although we had a pretty pretty good head start, but nevertheless, there's
a little trick of the trade for it there, Georgie. Okay? Start the pull the previous day
on the year and then build up to like about 75 million votes and then you can get 100
million by the time the show is done. If I can't, I say that. Hey, look at that, jolly.
Joe and he'll stay. I still like the tape. See, the fact that he was trying to force the
tapes on Fridays, if it was up to him, I guarantee it would be taken to Mur off. He would
rather play a share of the show. Have you do the show tomorrow? Sure. You're no
Neil Rogers. Then again, who is right? The tape, who is the tape? The tape. The tape
of putting Joseph Dackey on the top of some sports crap. Let me say it right now for
the record before I do this break. Let me say it publicly for the record. Jolly Joe
Bell and his, his accomplice in crime, his assassin Clarence Darrow have held up the
record. We're being held hostage by crazy people. Now, you saw this guy in Blacksburg
you see when you have crazy people, you've got to take care of him and put him away so
they don't do any damage. They don't hurt somebody. It was an accident. A lot of people got
hurt. And this is no accident. A cue. And this is another beastly abortion is what it
is. As Jolly Joe just, oh, oh, oh, oh, we've got a lot of spots and we've got that building
up there and we're doing just fine. And you're going to have a big number there in March
nearly. Even though of course you can't take any calls from anybody with an IQ larger than
the thumbnail and you certainly can't do the show the way you want to. And we're certainly
not going to promote anything because we don't want to spend any money. And it's a
darn good thing. And you know something I'm going to have to this afternoon get on the
Hornwood office depot and get you a drum. Now that I, now that you came up with the toner
cartridge, just now we've got to get a new drum for that machine. Because they're sure
not going to do it. Yeah, let's get a new drum. This is an African drum by the way. Don't
start with a racial crap. Look what happened to, it's a famous. My second favorite kind
of drum. What's going to happen to Uncle Emus? You've got this is G Gordon Lydia and they
don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. Are you ready to order, sir? Yes, I'll have
the chute chute chute. This man suffers from a rare form of Tourette syndrome called
G rated Tourette. That comes with a vegetable. All try the, carotid, carotid, carotid.
Symptoms of G rated Tourette syndrome include uncontrollable outbursts of euphemisms. And
for an appetizer, we've got both the chucks, chunks, chunks, shriompuck. Unfortunately, there
is no cure for G rated Tourette. Would you care for salads? Yes. The fat, fat, fat, fat,
fat, how salad. Wait, you know what, make that a valley, valley, valley, gosh, gosh, gosh,
do you agree with that? Okay. That's one great, come a, come a, come a, come a great
salad. The good news is, G rated Tourette isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourette.
the bad news is it's a lot more annoying.
And for dessert.
Oh, I'll have the...
Bunch, bunch, bunch, bunch.
Ugh.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, yeah.
I have some of that.
10-33, 20-74, let's take a look at the schedule.
No Marlon game today, like in 12-30, we really nice.
But we ain't got no, we got one tonight, 6-30.
How'd they do last night against the mess?
They got stomped on.
Oh, no.
Like in 9-6-8.
That ain't too great, 6-8.
Of course that's because they got the Dave Van Boring broadcasting the games.
Man, he could put anybody into a coma.
Maybe the team is listening to the dugout.
And they're going, oh man, wake up guys.
Or it's Dave Van Boring putting people to sleep.
I'll tell you, we got more bad people on here on this radio station.
It really is scary, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
But nevertheless.
But then we got...
I got that.
Let's see, here's the schedule, a mad dog or two.
Power Hour with Hank and the mad dog together between 4 and 5.
The Humper, 5-6-30, the Safinoon, and Fat Hank.
Then you got Marlins on Deck at 6-30, 7-05 to Marlins at the messes.
They try to win a game.
That would be nice sometime, you know, soon.
And then after the game, it's game night with etiquette till 1am.
And Australian scientists called yesterday for an end to the age of tradition of cremation,
saying the practice contributed to global warming,
I wish you didn't know that.
Nope.
Professor Roger Short said people could instead choose to help the environment after death,
waiting here this by being buried in a cardboard box under a tree.
Whether without a bell.
Or you can put a little bell in the box just in case they're still alive.
That's the one that I had in mind.
That one would be good.
Better bell.
Which one's better?
Yours.
Oh.
How about just...
The decomposing bodies would provide the tree with nutrients,
and the tree would convert carbon dioxide into a lamp giving oxygen for decades,
he said, well that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to have like an ensue box.
I'm going to have my ashes put in the shoe box and buried under somebody's tree in their backyard.
And they're going to always say, oh, all the grandma on the eel, he's out in the backyard now.
I want it.
I want to parcel it up and sell it on eBay.
That would be a lot of fun.
Chunks of zeal.
The important thing is, what is shame to be cremated when you can go up in a big bubble of carbon dioxide,
Short told AFP.
Why waste all that carbon dioxide on your death?
He asks.
Never really thought about it.
Short said the cremation of the average male on Australia during which the body is heated to 850 degrees Celsius,
that's 1562 degrees Fahrenheit.
God, I'll make it that's hotter than South Florida.
By the way, if there's one place that makes hell seem like paradise in South Florida,
we would've discussed that before the show today.
For 90 minutes, they heated 1562 degrees, produces more than 50 kilograms,
110 pounds of carbon dioxide.
That's bad.
And that doesn't include the carbon cost of fuel or the cost of emissions released during the production,
burning of the wooden casket, a tiskot, a taskot, beware of that casket and watch out for your basket.
Had the Milton Burle die or what?
Yes.
Because they said that Milton Burle and Warren Beatty were the two guys in Hollywood that have a difficult time with Milton Burle.
That's right.
Short, a reproductive biologist at the University of Melbourne said the cremation of cremation to harmful greenhouse gases was small,
and he didn't wish to prevent people from choosing how their body was disposable according to their religion,
or just like that South Korean guy, the crazy guy, but a little bit out of religious mumbo jumbo,
and he's going to go out like Jesus and etc. and so on.
Jesus is only wishers that would have had guns back then, getting shots, or would have beaten,
and they'd get to hang out there on the cross.
But to bury the hatchet with environmentalists, what are the play on words that is?
Isn't that cute?
To bury the hatchet with environmentalists, shorts suggested it would not be a bad idea to bequeath one's body as food for a forest.
You can actually do after your death an enormous amount of good for the planet.
He said, the more forest you plant, the better.
Now we're talking.
Let's very Jeff DeForest into forest.
That sounds good to me.
And you want to know why we want to do that?
That's probably part of the reason, because he's an idiot.
Because everybody hates him like poison.
We hate you, Defoe.
I never forget today he was standing up with Greg Reed, you know, in the parking red-hums building there,
the preferred parking where some of us important people used to park.
And he was back stabbing me, but he at least was doing it well.
He was already in the middle of doing when I came out the door, you know.
And talking about how I was ripping some bank at IOD and they lost the account,
he was just giving Greg a whole song of dance about what a bad guy I am.
A good friend, Mepho.
You're just a back stabbing fool, Mepho.
And it's too bad we didn't get your job over there at IOD and give it to some half-ass like the Rimman.
Some half-ass half-talent like the Rimman.
Let's take a look at these poll results.
It's already 10.30, we're getting a little behind today, but you know what?
Take your time.
I sound pretty good today for some reason.
I don't feel all that good, but I sound pretty good.
I don't know.
How do you look?
Well that's because I don't look good at all.
I look like me.
Squishy.
Don't ludgey.
Really, Pudgey.
I got to lose about 600 pounds.
Remember what Ryan and Ron Dia has said.
What are you saying?
Never seen a softer man in my life.
Yeah, well what did that mean?
That means you're soft.
That means you don't work out.
You're not macho.
You're not ripped and musky.
You're not ripped and musky.
Yeah, I'm just glad here making big bucks.
What's he doing in the cigar store?
I don't know.
He's having a great look.
You're going to tempt me into playing that Ron and Ron thing.
I would never do anything like that.
The way up in Tampa was a crap, a morning show.
Yeah, well we got one of those.
Okay, here's the poll from yesterday.
I threatened to read this a minute ago, and then we got another thing about putting your ashes in a box under a tree.
I mean, does it have any difference?
I don't want my ashes under a tree.
I just wanted like my carcass under there, so the roots would grow through my ribs.
The worms would eat my eyeballs.
Oh!
What's your take on the shootings of Virgin Tech?
1024 votes, and then we had polls and eruptives right there in the middle of the show.
We changed the poll, and then what a one today we all got.
12, 12, 66.
By the time I get around to reading, we might have 13 hundred votes.
How do you like that, Chris?
I bet you wouldn't do 16 during the show today.
1600, that would make your tongue just tingle, wouldn't it?
Yeah, okay.
You couldn't care less.
You're turning out to be such a bitter disappointment.
I love the ketchup.
Oh, here's a bulletin' from the village voice.
It says, today's voice, I can't even read this.
Then get out of here, okay.
Don't be bothering me.
What's your take on the shootings of Virgin Tech?
Guns are too easy to get.
378.
It's the American F and Y.
325.
Both of which, of course, are fine choices.
Schmidt happens 130.
What a sad excuse that is.
Yeah, Schmidt happens.
I salute an incident 106.
Don't eff with my gun, 68.
And I don't care 17.
At least that number didn't go up.
Well, we chopped a pull off before it could go up.
I don't care 17.
Isn't that nice?
32 minutes and kids get blown away.
Their lives get snuffed out.
This crazy person, who they already knew was a crazy person.
And they already had a hold of his ass.
And they turn it like everywhere else.
Everywhere else in America goes on.
They have some grotesque lunatic aim-custard.
Just like Bundy, when he walked out,
remember he just walked out the window.
They went to have a little conference,
and he was open to hold in the interview room there.
And he just opened the window and he kind of mows you down out.
He bugged out.
Yeah, when he got his eyes bugged out.
I mentioned that he pulled his switches eyes bugged out too, Ted.
Probably.
Well, let's see, in no more.
Out of a 1024.
And like I said, when we come back after the break,
I think we're going to be closing it on 13 and we're votes on the pull.
And then they will furious.
And like I said, I don't, as far as the calls are concerned, you know.
See, I have Joe Bell disease.
I'm suffering from a very serious case of Joe Bell disease.
That's why I'm a little off my feet today.
Although I sound really great if you ask me.
I'll ask me if I sound great.
Do you sound great?
Yes.
But I have Joe Bell disease.
So as far as the phone is concerned, I think if I touch it,
I'm going to get like a very, very...
It's 2004.
Those emails have been separated from an RNC policy,
which is to automatically delete every 30 days deleted emails.
So, we screwed up.
Oh, I'm an email and hold a leave an email.
You can't delete me all you want, but you're going to pass.
You're going to be relieved when you no longer see me on your drive.
But I'm still alive, I'm still in overriding.
I made a great but don't die.
The great Malayag got to say that you think you'll be away.
All the dinner is saved.
That's what a type of a new say.
I'm an email.
You can't erase emails.
They've gone through too many servers.
They can't say they've been lost.
That's like saying the dog ate my homework.
It doesn't work that way.
He just don't want to produce no day and none.
Of the White House, power of music.
That knows how to use a new title computer.
They can't trade any paper.
But try to face their blame on a key punch off the radar.
I just don't go away.
You can fail, but you'll fail.
I always leave a trail.
I'm an email.
Oh, I'm an email and hold an email.
You can try to dump me.
But I'll still try to tell you.
It looks like you've been raided.
The Hatch Act.
And how about that?
Another 18-minute guy.
Yeah, history repeats with more republic than I drink.
When it took five million emails, something stinks.
But you can't make them go away.
Once you said it around, I can always be found.
I'm an email.
1046, guess what?
Can you read it in the background?
I think that's that Cho guy that the terrorist is here.
Where is he coming at?
He's connecting another Fire alarm.
I'm going to close the door.
I think he'll leave it open.
Oh, leave it open.
It's fun.
I don't want to leave it open for fun.
I don't want to hear it.
One moment, please.
You crazy people.
I never freaking Fire alarm.
You crazy people.
Got all the nighties.
What are they going to stop already with a Fire alarm?
This is one of those things that's like a boy who cried wolf.
If we ever did have a real fire, nobody would believe it.
I mean, ordinarily, once in a while those things will go off at night.
It'll be like a false alarm.
You know, and I don't even pay any attention to it.
I could always jump, I guess.
1277 votes already on today's pool.
I mentioned that I clicked that view current thing.
And there's that goofy guy with glasses again with those awful evil glasses.
And he reminds me of Travis Bickle.
Not.
That's what they're trying to say now.
Oh, he's a crazed loner.
I don't think Travis Bickle whispered a lot.
Do you remember him whispered?
You talking to me?
No, no, no.
He's talking to me?
He sounded off like he had a pair.
Well, how come I can hear that so loud?
I got the door closed.
Now, can you hear that?
No.
Oh, yeah, I can't now, yeah.
Jesus, they got that thing cranked up on extra on a slow cook.
Man, crazy people.
1280 votes on the pool when a religion restricts you to certain foods on certain days.
Or for bids you to eat them at all, like pork and like, uh, what are other cramp?
Shelfish.
Shelfish.
Right.
Cloven hoove animals.
Cloven hoves.
That is, crazy as Schmidt formed in 33.
It's right.
And only crazy people would obey that.
Only the lemmings, only simple dens would go along with that.
Oh, yeah, that makes sense to me.
Right.
An idea of foolish people came up with not God 342.
And of course, the same foolish people invented God.
Something I'm glad I have no part of 311.
A sign of my obedience to God, 50 very stupid people, all said that.
A sign of my obedience to God.
I mean, talk about being subservient and a lemming and a suckling.
That's just pathetic.
Get a backbone for crying out loud.
Get a life.
A law you better comply with, or your burn in hell, 49.
You'll burn in that lake of fire, but you'll discover it's not nearly as hot as South Florida in the summertime, which starts very soon.
Something I, a religious person, violate all the time, 28.
Well, you better get ready.
Or hard for me to obey 48.
Something I, a religious person, violate all the time, 28.
Something I do because I'm weak 11.
Now there's the honest answer for those people who actually obey that crap.
Let's have some pacidic candy and pass them lots of please.
And of course, let's have some more of that matroni and cheese.
And there's something worse even that good.
See that?
Not only does the machines suck it, but the food and the cafeteria, their pizza is good, but I can't beat in that.
Actually, I should have.
A nice pizza with papi, Rooney, a little slicer, too, would have been much better than that macaroni and cheese.
But that just gives you a ajuda.
Something I do because I'm weak 11.
Eat macaroni and cheese on Friday.
Or it wasn't also tuna fish was big on Friday, wasn't it?
Right.
All the fish.
I mean candy on Friday.
Well, what is they pulled it out of their ass like everything is making up this thing all along?
Right.
To keep you from doing what you want to do because that's what I'm going to call it out.
That's right.
Because you enjoy a nice, that's right.
You're a man on Friday.
You've got to make a big sacrifice.
Sacrifice, sacrifice.
You know, sex on Friday unless you're going to make a bunch of babies for the Pope.
Because God hates it.
And fun and pleasure.
Also, it's so unfair.
I'm missing out on some good eats eight out of 1283.
How much have I cooked at view current?
I think by the top of the hour we're going to be like right on a verge of something, like a nervous breakdown.
Like 1325, Chris.
See, I keep throwing your name in there like you care is like it's a big deal for you, which it's not.
Because you know, you started out with really high hopes on this show and now of course,
you're afraid of you in kissing your ass.
He doesn't care.
I love this apartment kissing up.
Huh?
I said I love the pole.
I thought you said you love me.
That would, oh, that would really gross me out, you know.
I know, I know Josh is your little boy, so.
I think no, he was little.
It's not what his girlfriend said.
Can you hear the fire alarm?
I open the door.
I'm going to.
There it is.
That's a crystal arm.
I'll go get the extinguisher.
Yeah, please.
I got the extinguisher right here.
Works every time.
Now, what did you just say, Josh, is my little boy?
You're little boy.
You're a little boy.
What is that?
You know, he's your little little play toy.
Boy toy, your favorite.
You know, normally he's pink.
You know, right now he's beat red.
Now, have you ever been to a painting, please?
Listen, get back out of banana boat and go back where we came from.
Probably South Korea, you idiot.
This guy can't speak English, or I can't speak two words of it.
I got a couple of real hot young guys that work in maintenance in this building.
Oh, geez, I'm closing that door again.
Got him, buddy.
How long does this go on for a Christ?
God.
Crazy people in this building.
It had a couple of really important, really friendly too.
I think he's, I don't know, some Asian kind of, they're all Asian.
Well, we got a couple of Julio's working here too.
Aren't you surprised by that?
We don't have a lot of Julio's in Toronto.
Of course, I'm not surprised by that.
We're just getting around to Toronto now, you know.
Don't worry.
They're on the list.
Wait till they show up at Mrs. Saga, baby, in Ashua and Kingston and Medicine Hat.
The Largo City Manager, and I can now, before I get into this story, this is a kind of amusing in a sick way.
But speaking of sick now, I want you to retract that line you said about Josh's, my little boy, that's not what you Chris.
That was one of the most rotest things that's ever been said in the history of the human race.
That was just messing with you.
Josh is my little boy.
Oh, did you prefer that one?
I got news for him, man. He's a good kid, but I wouldn't touch him with your hand.
How do you like that?
Or tongue, or nose, or anything else.
Back to London as well.
The Largo City Manager was fired after repeating his plans to have a sex change, as applied for the City Manager position in Sarisota.
Steve said, you know, when I worked at WSPP in Sarisota 1973 or 100 years ago, and I used to say that on the air, Sarisota.
And Snooki, our Cliff Lancelieu used to come to Snooki Lancelieu, was the manager and I used to get him so aggravated.
And he'd come to the window of the controller and look in there, give me like a dirty look.
And I'd give him back a dirty look, and he'd look me waddle away.
Screw you, Snooki, I'm sure he's dead by now.
Steve Stanton, 48, said he submitted his resume this week under his future female name Susan A. Stanton, with an asterisk, that the name changes pending.
While starting Monday, I'm going to be Nelly Rogers. How do you like that?
Can't be much more Nelly than I already am.
I really had an anticipated applying for a state manager job so quickly Stanton told Sarisota to hero for a mun, but the opportunity is available itself and so we'll see.
We'll see.
Sarisota commissioners will review about 15 resumes for the job next month.
The following week commissioners will narrow the group to 8 candidates.
Those applicants will be interviewed by commissioners.
If Stanton is among the final group, he said he'll interview as Susan.
Susan, you better stop your cruising because you're going to be losing and you're going to get a bruise.
But nevertheless, the Largo City commission voted 5 to 2 in February.
Again, it marched to fire stand from the $140,000 your job had held for 14 years.
The commissioners said it was Stanton's judgment, not the revelation he planted a sex change that prompted the votes.
It was his judgment. They don't mind the fact that he's going to change it in a warm-up.
You know, just they think it's poor judgment.
Well, whatever that means.
1296 votes on the pool. We better get to 13-hundred before the top of the hour.
We're taking the feather right back out of Chris's victim.
Oh, you are just...
I'll say one thing, man. He sure grow and appear.
He's saying things that are so just off the wall, so outrageous, so unacceptable, and just a...
On a visceral level, whatever they could have stopped it growing.
He's growing.
Yeah, that's the problem.
1298, growing and getting on my nerves is what he's doing.
1298 on the pool.
And it's not... I don't think... You think it's a good pool.
I don't even know why I put it on there. I think it's a good pool.
It's a good pool.
Huh? Nothing wrong with it. We've never done it before.
I think it's on a weaker side.
But we have 1298. We don't even have a hate this pool on there, no more.
But then again, we started this, what, about a hundred years ago? Something like that?
So that means 1298 means that everybody who's listening to QM now has voted three times.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is the brain.
Any questions?
A behavior in judge has just rolled in the paternity suit over a mnical sniff baby.
And the postman's former boyfriend Larry Burkhead is a biological father.
All right, let's get the important crap on here, right?
The things that people ought to be caring about, like Anna Nicole and her big fat ass and her baby and Danielle and whatever her name.
Who cares? Nothing.
1303, we care about that on the pool. 1303 vote on that pool. Wow.
That is heavy duty. We're going to go over 1500 again today.
Of course, we started with 1488, but nevertheless, pretty good, pretty impressive, when you say.
Okay.
No, you guys just don't care.
No, no, no, no. That's all you care about.
No, I already ate this morning anyway, so sorry.
You already ate this.
You must be psychic. Here's the food. No, you mentioned it.
How do you like that? How the psychic powers again of the old queen?
Damn, God.
All right. Now what do you got? How is he?
He's got how he's right. He's done.
He's got how he's.
Tip of the man boy. He is a big tipper.
How much?
I think he gave him five bucks.
Bought third, man.
30 cent.
You gave me a five bucks?
Yeah.
A schmuck like you, a schmendrick like you gave me a five bucks.
I did order a lot of food.
Why do you give me three and he's just doing the drugs?
This is my boy toy. Whatever you said, it's like my little boy.
That was disgusting.
I was disgusting.
You love monkey.
Oh, Jesus. What a grotesque thought that is.
I mean, he's a nice kid and everything else, but good. Golly miss Molly.
Give me a little bit of credit.
Would you put, well, what do you know? You know from nothing.
In fact, how is my good buddy as the Serbian stat into it?
What are you laughing about?
It's a funny name.
His name is Steve, I guess, is his real name, but he calls himself on the amice base the Serbian stat.
Man.
And he's allegedly in South Africa somewhere.
I better go on a serpents a fairy.
Be careful.
Is this thing still going on?
Yeah, it's still, it's 11.02.
What time they start?
It's about 16 hours ago.
This is the Chinese water torture. This is almost as bad as would buy.
And then I had that damn macaroni and cheese.
I'm never going to be the same again.
Four large bombs exploded across Baghdad yesterday.
I don't even know what we talk about this anymore.
All these dead people, you know, were so worried about what happened in Blacksburg, Virginia,
which of course was tragic and rotescan.
It shouldn't have happened.
And handled very, very badly, by the way, in spite of the way they're trying to cover up their ass.
Four large bombs in Baghdad yesterday killed at least 120 people.
And then they said, and people wanted scores as violence climbed toward level scene before the Western Iraqi campaign,
before the surge, baby, before surge survived.
Well, there's more pictures.
Always got the gun to his head there, Shmedrick.
And I always got a hammer.
You see that one? He's got the hammer with a claw.
Oh, bro.
Yeah, I saw it.
If I had a hammer, how's the hammer doing?
In the deadliest of the attacks, a park car bomb then it in the crowd of workers at this set,
a real market in Central Baghdad killing at least 82 people in the 94.
Hard work, man.
You've got to have a hammer.
That guy that's not trying to work at all.
I'm getting a hammer in the mall.
Now, three low pass.
Oh, there he is.
I was confused with the downhook.
Oh, let's not roll.
There's nothing more than that he had a downhook.
There's more downhooks.
There's more downhooks.
Oh, this man, now this man's in pain.
I'm really pissed at listening to all sound of the music.
Yeah, I claw your eyes out with it, Trini.
Among the dead was several construction workers who have been rebuilding.
Every time I start talking, they start beeping that thing again.
I think it's a Kami Pinko plot.
I think that's some terrorist.
Some lesbianies terrorists are behind it here.
Wouldn't surprise me and Lispin.
Well, sooner or later, I guess we got to get to it, okay?
Virginia Tech stunned by the images of the gunman, that evil door.
Restaurant patrons, cringed and mothers turned their children away from the TV.
As the video came up of an armed, Chosh Wang Hui, delivering a snarling venomous tirade.
You can hear the venom about rich brats and their hedonistic needs.
The self-made video and photos of choke pointing guns as if he were imitating a movie poster
were mailed to NBC on the morning of the Virginia Tech Massacre,
a postal service time stamp reads 901 AM,
which means that he mailed it between the two attacks.
He took time, he cared enough to send his very best to NBC.
This is it.
This is where all ends Chosh Wang's video tape,
in which he appears to be more melancholy than angry.
What a life it was, some life, some life, but a bank.
Yeah, what a crappy life.
That's what I'm going to do right now.
I'm going to do a Howard deal and blow my brains out right on the radio.
They don't stop with that damn farrow arm.
I think it finally went silent.
Can you hear anything?
I don't hear nothing.
Nothing at all.
I want to open the door.
It's going to start getting hotter and hell in here.
Sun is shining and it's above like freezing finally.
Spring is sprung baby.
All the snow is gone.
The ice.
Troll 23 speaks in a harsh monotone.
Another video tape rant, but it isn't clear to whom he is speaking.
He's speaking to whoever is watching it, I would think.
Right.
The audience.
You had 100 billion chances and then waste to have avoided today.
He says in one with a snarl on his lips.
Like that.
But you decided to spill my blood.
You forced me into the corner, gave me only one option.
The decision was yours.
Now you've got blood on your hands that will never wash off.
I mean, who's talking to your president?
Because he's got enough blood on his hands.
He could take like a bath in it for 100 years.
NBC said the package contained a rambling and often coherent 23-page written statement,
28 video clips and 43 photos, which were seeing over and over and over and over and over again.
Until we got Cho coming out of our ass.
On the today's show this morning, host Meredith Vierras said the decision to air the information was not taken lightly.
Some victims' relatives canceled their plans to speak with NBC because they were upset over the airing of the images, she said.
Then, in fact, what they should have done was going to NBC and conducted a bit of it,
but the relatives probably run into the family.
Or the victims' relatives, I see.
I saw his picture on TV when I did a Discocked Chills at Christie Vendingay,
Jr. from Franklin County, Virginia.
There are really no words it shows he puts so much thought into this and I think it's sick.
She thinks it's sick.
It's like something you really have to think about for a long time.
Like, let's see.
You know, you put your index finger to your side of your head and let me think about that.
Is it sick or what?
What do you think? What's your take?
The package helped explain one of the biggest mysteries about the massacre where the gunman was
and what he did during the tour window between the first birth to gunfire the high-rise dormant,
and the second attack at a classroom building.
Your Mercedes wasn't enough, you brat, says, Chowais Alchemy and immigrant whose parents work at dry cleaners
in suburban Washington.
Your golden necklace is more than enough, you snobbs.
But there's more of that fire alarm.
You hear that?
Like a little burst.
Your trust funds wasn't enough.
Well, that sounds illiterate to me.
I mean, is this guy illiterate 23 and he's going to...
You know what I'm saying?
You're going to call it?
Your trust funds wasn't enough.
Your vodka and cognac wasn't enough.
Oh, it's a...
Hey!
Hey!
Deepen again.
Argued debauchery is worn enough.
Oh my God, maybe they were doing little hanky spanky there virgin tech.
God forbid.
Those worn enough to fulfill your hedonistic needs, you had everything.
What an idiot.
What an A-hole.
A dorm neighbor of the first two victims, Ryan Clark's 22nd Annoye Hilcher,
19 described on ABC's Good Morning America,
what she saw that morning at Amber Johnson Hall,
I heard a really loud female voice scream.
Is what she said.
A really loud female voice.
Thank you.
I opened my door and that's when I saw the blood there goes the afire alarm again.
I think this is going to be an all day affair,
which is going to drive me insane.
I opened my door and that's when I saw the blood in the footprints,
the sneaker prince leading in a trail from her room, Molly Donahue,
said,
that's when she saw Clark a resident assistant in the dorm on the floor against the door.
A friend later told her he was dead.
Donahue said,
she has since tried to return to the dorm,
but felt physically ill and is still terrified.
I got to the phone where I can't be alone, she said.
Authorities today have spoken more than a year before the massacre.
Cho had been accused of sending unwanted messages to two women
and was taken to a psychiatric hospital on a magistrate's orders
and pronounced a danger to himself,
but released with orders to undergo outpatient treatment.
Right, that always works really well, doesn't it?
Here's a good example for it.
Yeah, you get some help and have a nice day and go feel some people
and we'll talk about you in the media a lot.
The disclosure added to the rapidly growing list of warning signs
that appeared well before the student opened the fire among other things,
chose twisted violence-filled writings and solemn vacant eyed demeanor
had disturbed professors and students so much that he was removed from
on English class and repeatedly urged to get counseling.
Some of the pictures of the video package show him smiling,
others show him frowning and snarling,
a mad like a rabid dog.
Some depict in brandishing two weapons at one time, one in each hand.
He wears a kinky color militarist alvest,
fingerless gloves, a black t-shirt, a backpack,
and a backward black baseball cap.
Well, that must be the rally cap.
Another photo shows him swinging a hammer to a fist
and another shows an angry looking show holding a gun to his temple.
Temple Bethel.
That's where I was barmitsur, by the way.
Temple Bethel.
I like that.
In Rochester.
That's where I had my barmitsur.
Barul Hattar, an oil today, I'm a fountain pan, it's all a bunch of cramp.
He refers to martyrs like Eric and Dylan reference to the teenage killers in Columbine.
NBC News President Steve Capis said the package wasn't was sent by overnight delivery
but apparently had the wrong zip code wasn't open until Wednesday.
Oh, I hate when they do that.
And they're still beeping that damn,
gleeping the beeping nothing.
Jesus, God Almighty.
And alert postal employee.
Brought the package to NBC's attention,
I've noticed in the blackspot return address,
and the name of some of the words reportedly found,
scrolled and read ink on shows arm after the bloodbath.
Ishmael acts, NBC said.
I think they got that backwards, didn't say acts, Ishmael?
I think you're right.
He said, ask him, maybe he knows.
Ask him.
Ask him a question, maybe he could give you an answer.
Capis said that I worked notified the FBI around Newbert Hill off reporting on it.
The FBI requested the bureau could look at it first.
NBC finally broke the story just before police announced the development at 430 p.m.
It was clear Joe videotapeed himself, Capis said,
because he could be seen leaning in the shut off the camera.
There's a picture of the Serbian statin where he's taking his belt of shirt off,
and he's about to carry, he's photographing himself, you know?
And it makes the big flash, he's flashing it.
I wish he was.
State police spokeswoman Karin Gellerkarschen,
that while the package was mailed between the two shootings,
police had not inspected the footage, yet, to establish exactly when the images were made.
Oh, this goes on, I could read this for hours, and I just might, you know?
All right.
If there's anything else going on in the world like all those dead people in Iraq, of course not.
Well, you could take some calls.
So it repeatedly suggests he was picked on.
I just pretend I didn't hear anything you said, okay?
Just like Chris there with that crap about my little boy.
That was so, and this beeping, this has been going on, I would say, 20 minutes easy.
Isn't it?
This could be the longest fire alarm in the history of the subhuman race.
And I know they're just doing it to piss me off.
Well, screw you guys, how do you like that?
You idiots, have a nice day, eh?
Chorby Peterly suggests he was picked on, or otherwise heard.
You have vandalized my heart, raped it in my soul, and torched my conscience.
He said, apparently reading from his manifesto.
You thought it was one pathetic boy's life he worked extinguishing thanks to you.
I die like Jesus Christ to inspire generations of the weak and defenseless people.
Oh, building security is on air.
Well, you finally get cut it short, okay?
It's only been on for about four hours. Cut it short.
Enough of the BS.
Oh, there's a problem.
They're calling technician because the thing won't stop.
They started and they can't stop.
Maybe they have our engineers.
A law enforcement official said Chorby also refers in the same sentence to President Bush and John Mark Carr,
who falsely confessed that he's here and having killed child beauty queen John Boney Ramsey.
Whatever, I mean to John Mark Carr, we don't hear about her no more.
It no more.
The official spoke on condition to add an enmity because the person was not authorized to speak to the media.
Earlier when's day 30s is closed that in November and December of 2005,
two women complained to campus police.
They'd received calls and computer messages from Chorby,
but the women considered the messages annoying, not threatening,
and need to press charges for duty to take police to Wendell Flincham said.
Neither woman was among the victims of the massacre after the second complaint about Chorby's behavior university
obtained a temporary detention order and took Chor away because in a quaintant report he might be suicidal,
police did not identify the quaintants.
On December 13, 2005, a magistrate ordered Chorby to undergo an evaluation of Carol Ann St. Albans,
a private-seki-Afric hospital.
The magistrate signed the order after an initial evaluation found probable cause that it was a danger to himself
or others as a result of mental illness.
In other words, he was crazy and that's why they let him out.
When in doubt, let the crazy people out.
So they can call the Chor, for example.
They can call this Chor.
Well, at least he never called that we know.
That's one good thing.
That we know.
Although they started this fire alarm thing and what they just announced is that they've got some kind of a technical malfunction at the junction
and they can't shut it off and they've got the technical people on the way to see if they can stop it before the end of the world-famous legendary Neowardership.
But it's back in...
Err...
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Karaoke hosts at the neighborhood bar, guys.
Mr. Karaoke hosts at the neighborhood bar, guys!
You lug your crap around, mad-after-night.
Just so some drunken sloth can butcher piano man.
It's five o'clock, oh, ten stars.
Your equipment is state of the art.
Your karaoke collection is the best.
But you are 42 years old.
And you still live with mother.
Owl-ing!
Bring me my pain!
You fancy yourself as an entertainer.
But does it really take any talent to introduce Sue and Josh singing Bokka Ritaville?
Where's the song, where's the song there?
Sure.
Your cushy gift means you meet a lot of chicks.
But they all smell like hot wings and look like John Madden.
So we salute you.
Mr. Karaoke hosts at the neighborhood bar, guys.
You're my space page.
You're nine volt batteries.
And you're hosted notes.
You are a real American A-hole.
Okay, 11-18, and I'm sure you can hear it in the back right.
If you listen really carefully, I'm sure you can.
It's still going on.
So they started the damn thing.
What?
It can't stop!
What's so funny?
No, it's going boom.
Oh, the farloir, they started the damn thing.
It can't stop!
And I'm sure a lot of you guys can relate to that.
Sometimes you start and you just can't stop.
It's like having wild diarrhea.
11-19 at 5.60 WQM, speaking to Joel Bells and wild diarrhea.
Actually, he's had his share.
He just looks like the kind of guy.
He reminds me of the kind of guy that sits in there all day.
And every now and then he'll get up and think,
Oh, okay, it's all done.
Woof!
It's not better to make him move back in there, yeah?
Now, that's the worst thing.
The worst thing when you've got like that bad irritable bowel,
like that bitch in...
Where was it?
Yesterday we had that story about the brother that irritable bowel
and she couldn't stand on line.
It was Monday.
We had the story.
Right, I forgot what it was.
It was somewhere.
Cape Coral was somewhere over in the West Coast.
Some glacial place over down the West Coast to Florida.
Excuse me, redundancy there.
Glacial place, West Coast to Florida.
It's all the same.
I'll go in.
Anyway, getting back to Cho to the near Rogers Cho in the...
Is that thing?
See every now and then it stops for like half a second
and it's far along I'm thinking they give you like a false sense of...
Oh, finally, and then it starts up again.
I think it's going to go on all day.
In the multimedia manifesto sent by Cho Shu-un Hui
in between his current spirit for Gene Ttec,
some of the enhance of a connection between the killer
and a violent South Korean movie.
Now, how long did you think it would take
before we had connection between his behavior
and what he did on Monday and movies and violent video games?
Two seconds.
Part of these things.
That's right.
Cho sent 28 video.
Well, we know that thing.
Since the release of the material yesterday,
a particular photo was prompted speculation,
especially among online forums,
that Cho may have been inspired by the 2003 movie Old Boy.
It must have been about me, huh?
How's it going, Old Boy?
Hey, Old Man, how's it going?
Well, I tell you, that's not good.
When I start calling you the Old Man.
George has been calling me the Old Man for 15 years anyway.
So now I must be in behind my back, of course.
You're the geaser.
The geaser, I remember the beaser, and I'm the geaser.
Well, the beaser, remember, he was a racist bastard.
The beaser.
In the photo, the killer brandishes a hammer.
The signature weapon of the protagonist in Old Boy
and a post-seller of the one from the film.
You see that?
All those films, man.
Those films.
The 2003 film directed by Chan Wooke Park.
That's Chan Wooke, not what you were thinking.
One of the grand pre-priced at the Cannes Film Festival in 2004.
The second of parts, Vengeance Trilogy.
The movie is about a man I'm justly imprisoned for 15 years.
After escaping those on a rampage against his captain in one scene,
he dispashes over a dozen henchmen with the aid of a hammer.
Well, we've got to play that again.
Not the Trini Lopez one, though. Peter Paul and Harry.
Speaking of Harry, I wonder what I have on my old friend, Harry Potter.
A lot of those old friends, man, are fetish.
I just got the great drivers of she-game.
That's right.
I don't know.
Since you.
Paul Stupini and Peter Yerow.
What a memory.
How do you like that?
Peter Yerow Paul Stupini and Harry Traver.
I think a lot of them are still alive.
Do I ever go to the concert?
Do you ever go to the concert?
Did I ever go to their concert?
No, I'd say the music on the radio all the time.
They would teach us their music and music class,
when I was a little child.
Oh, and that's sweet.
The answer to my friend is blowing in the wind.
And don't think twice because it ain't nice or whatever.
It's don't think twice.
You got that?
Peter Paul and Sally.
Don't think twice, it's all right.
Another Bob Dylan song.
Are you looking or are you just...
Oh, he's gone for a time.
Over here.
1327 votes, by the way.
We're going to have like, I say, we're 15 today.
Easy.
Easy.
Oh, I don't have don't think twice.
You do like that, though, don't you?
Yes.
I've been blowing in the wind.
Just like, I bet you've got the blowing in the wind.
Answer my friend.
Yeah, better do.
Ask, ask for it and you got it.
Ask ish mayo.
How many roads must I man walk out?
But third man.
You know what goes good with this kind of music?
Boos.
Yeah, that's right.
Scampfire, somebody with a guitar, beer and a song.
Now let's see if I'm being...
Peter Paul and Mary Stong, there was like a supposed to be a weed song, was it?
Oh, oh, please, how could you forget?
You say it all the time.
Ready?
Here we go now.
Everybody light them if you have them.
Got it yet?
Oh, no, not puff the magic.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, right after the show.
That's not a good sign.
That means I'm an old boy.
How's it going, old boy?
A tragic song, why?
Well, people wait till the boy.
Don't let me forget the Descend Josh Curtis that check my...
What was in my boy toy?
Yeah, your little boy toy.
That's not what you said.
You said something much worse, much more offensive than that.
I don't even remember.
My little boy.
Yeah, that's what it was.
That implied such grotesque...
You know, if it were true, if I had the hots for him, I'd be sure to tell you, but I don't.
Now, JC, they used to work there.
George forgot already with the hairy body.
I had the hots for him, all right.
Good, God.
I would have turned him upside down, inside out, and given an airplane spin.
I would have turned him all over the world, man.
JC, he knew it, too.
He's a good guy.
The connection, and I'll see, after escaping, he goes on a rampage against his captain.
And once he knew this freshness of where it doesn't hinge with the item of hammer.
Now, let me ask you this.
Which is better.
The way the show is so far, we've been on about an hour and a half.
I haven't thought about taking a call.
There's a whole bunch of them on there now.
There's no chance.
Which is better.
That or...
Hi, Ron, Shamba.
Or...
For that, for that.
Which is better.
Or...
You know, it's his day.
I'm a little biased there.
I know.
You like those calls.
The connection was spotted by Professor Paul Harris of Virginia Tech, who then learned at
the Thurities, according to the evening standard.
Speaking of Harris, I went to school with a kid named Ralph Harris, a candidate where
Academy, who was so good-looking, man.
I just...
We'd sit and study, huh?
And I would just sit there and stare at him and have all kinds of sexual fantasies and
thoughts.
He's old and ugly, though, and like I am.
Although I was young and ugly back then.
It's become commonplace for movies and music to be linked especially to Violin Killers.
One blogger for the Huffington Post, filmmaker Bob Seska, dismissed the connection as the
most ridiculous hypothesis yet about the Virginia Tech Massacre.
I would suggest he's probably...
That's so lovely, correct.
But what do I know?
There was no apparent clear link between Cho and Old Boy beside the photograph.
Cho killed with a handgun and a pistol, not a hammer.
He didn't seem to reference the film any of his notes or messages.
In all, 33 people, including Cho, died in a Monday morning attack.
1331 on our world famous Near Rogers Pull, man.
We are kicking even though on the Old Boy we're kicking big fat ass, okay?
Now, they find the clothes and nothing downers are just...
It's still beeping on there.
Oh, you know what that was?
That was the beeping of the Fax machine.
Right.
See, there's so many beefs going on.
I'm just becoming...
Beeping crazy.
Of course, a lot of people would say, I already was, you know.
1331.
I want to share with the audience.
And it's extra loud today, you know, like my bacon this morning was extra crispy.
I would make some more if I had any, but I got no mole.
That was really good today.
You know, making bacon.
Now, how he makes good bacon too?
That probably is every time that I come there and do a show that they would send about like 7,000 slices of it, you know.
And of course, being the pig that I am, you know, bacon comes from a pig, so why not having a pig eating it?
And I would just keep eating it.
And remember that one time?
Oh, man.
I had talked about wild intestinal diffugilities.
I don't want to say diarrhea again because the joy is a good offset.
Maybe joy is a good diarrhea.
Well, she's got diarrhea of the mouth and the brain, so why the hell not?
Now, what is this?
This was on Media Week today's Fax.
Is somebody from Bob?
Thank you, Bob.
Kitty Carlyle Heart.
Oh, no, Kitty Carlyle died.
Oh, my God.
I'm actually a chicken egg.
Is going to kill a chicken and nail them.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
That's a movie.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
I'm sure you weren't a black arm band.
You ain't got wait to your door
you ain't got final nation
wake up
sleep on the floor
you're trying to be everybody's good
you fairy
let's play in the Champions League
everyone loves
Say, try and song, the world of choice, all around the world.
People in the world, never like the single song that you have sung.
You're even worse than William Hong.
Oh, William Hong, he's not Korean now, is he?
William Hong.
Uh, he might be.
I think he might be.
I never watched that show under Pembley.
I have never watched one.
Second of that show, I'm proud to say.
Which puts me like a little bit above, a cut above.
How are we doing on that pool?
We're going to, we're going to quit that pool.
I just fact Derek a new one because you're close
personal friend Brandon.
Uh, for the second time he sent me this pool.
I said, I'll take it.
I'll take it.
I'll do it.
He said, well, go ahead and take it already.
Don't start getting pushy, Brandon.
Anyway, 13, 14, 45 votes on the pool.
And that's plenty.
Don't you think?
That's a good thing.
You're starting a new one.
Right?
You're the new one?
Okay.
Okay.
I will, and this fits right in with, uh,
Joyce and all of her bowel problems.
I will use a public bathroom only if it's clean, only if it's empty,
which I guess I assume that means if there's nobody else around.
Okay.
Only for emergencies.
Anytime I can only use my own bathroom where I never go in public
bathrooms.
In other words, even in emergency, I'd rather do a June Allyson, you know,
or whether walking around with depends on, huh?
All right.
Now, I don't want to get too indelicate because it's number one is close
to lunchtime.
Number two, we can't get into excretory activity because
Joyce will start having an excretory activity, you know?
She'll start having the Hershey squirts.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I can't say that.
But at any rate, uh, we've all had those experiences where, you know,
you're starting to walk like, have you ever like, uh, say, I can't,
I can't go into it too deeply.
But where nature was calling and you were close to wherever it was,
where that magic room was, where you were heading desperately.
And just as you started to get there, you know,
it was like, oh, and you just stopped.
You stopped walking.
You figure if you don't move, it'll work.
And sometimes it does.
And then again, sometimes it do not.
Oh, boy.
Actually, that happened to me a few weeks ago at Woodbine.
I had the nature was calling and they've got some magnificent toilets there.
In fact, to me, the whole place is a gigantic toilet.
That's what I should have done yesterday, you know?
To express my tremendous frustration, I should have just,
because I tried three or four different machines and they just weren't pan.
You know, this is one of those days they're shut off in the coma.
They're in the terry chivalre of paying mode.
And I should have just gotten up and pulled my pantaloonies down
and done a giant number right there in the chair by the last machine.
I played for a very long time.
Do you think it would have been a capital idea?
Okay.
Or a, yeah, minuscule?
Oh, there's pictures of little tin Colorado again in Columbine.
Let's call it by and revisit it.
Yeah, let's go back to enjoy that again.
No, I'm watching a big boob chick dance in shiny clothes.
Yeah, so how have a lot better idea?
Now, are we going to, let's see if Eric is going to get around
and I see nothing to switch on.
Is he in his little room?
Because I just faxed in that, like, you know, in the middle of the show,
he probably isn't expecting it.
I'll tell him.
Since, yeah, he's here.
You'll do what?
I'll tell him.
Tell him to change the damn pool.
Okay, just like Brandon said, do it.
Do the pool or whatever and, yeah, and tell him to change it.
God.
Change the pool, Eric.
And Professor, change your underwear too with all this other talk going on.
All this excretory business going on.
Everybody, uh, change it.
And the good news is, you notice I open the door?
There's no more, uh, fire alarm.
How they, Luya, folks.
All right.
I think if we get to, like, 13, 15, I'm just going to cut this off.
13, 49, I'm looking where it says, pull switches.
You got the new pool.
It's not going to take that long to type this one up, Eric.
Believe me.
In fact, time's up.
I don't want to be pushy or nothing like that.
Those of you who are planning to go on vacation, especially across the pond,
this summer, that's a bad news for you.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
And thank you for the strong American dollar, which is as weak as, it's as weak as a 26-pound
weekly man.
Dollar slides to a 26-year low against the British pound.
Euro approaches a record high of 1366, 6666,
there are three numbers on that on the Euro, or as they say, the Euro.
That's what they say in the Netherlands, needle-ons.
How come you didn't go to Amsterdam with Mahams to them?
Who?
Because you weren't invited.
Yeah, maybe in.
I don't have anything.
I had enough other people to take with me on this last trip.
Okay, I had an entourage.
I had three other people go for it.
Four people.
You don't want to cost to go a business class and stay in fine-toddar hotels.
Cost are pretty pretty.
Maybe it's a damn good thing I'm making a lot of money, especially so I can take care of my,
my little boy there, Josh Cortis.
Quintet Chris.
I got news for it Chris.
You're out of the will.
You were never in it, but now you sealed your faith this morning.
Okay.
With one of the most intembrate, I guess what he's trying to do is make up for all the kissy,
kissy, all that other, you know, but sucking him is doing there for a while.
You remember those days, don't you?
Chris, it was just a day before yesterday.
Was he really?
No, it would have been a couple days ago because day before yesterday I wasn't here.
Well, whatever it was, kissy, kissy, kissy.
Oh, thank you Neil for giving me this opportunity to make four cents an hour.
Now you're okay, you're a good guy.
Why thank you?
We actually said nice things about you when you weren't there when Miguel was there.
We said nice things about you.
We don't like saying it to your face.
We like talking behind your back.
It's your just specialty.
That's right.
It's especially to use your everyday bag.
What?
Huh?
I got news for you.
If you're talking about who I'm talking about, he ain't no fag.
I guarantee you that.
No, he's talking about you.
Oh fat bag you said.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, be it.
He's whispering.
He's whispering just like show, man.
He's whispering and he's acting like a loner.
Like a crazed loner.
Like that.
If you see anybody sitting like an economist and we're all by themselves,
go and whisper and shoot him.
Save a whole bunch of other people.
Does that work?
Do you see George?
Yeah, go ahead.
The dollar extended its slide wins the hitting a 26 year low against the British
pound and approaching an all time low against the euro.
I'm growing expectations of the interest rate differential between the US and
Europe will narrow as soon.
This is bad.
136.66.
That's a dollar and a turd and then some.
The pound climbed as high as two or one and a turd.
It's loftiest level since 1981.
After the minutes of latest back-of-ing,
the meeting showed monetary policy committee voted seven to two in favor of
holding interest rates steady.
They don't like the US dollar anywhere and it's unanimously so said then
is Garment of the Garment letter.
Simply put, the market has not convinced the future of the US economy is one
of relative weakness while that of Europe is one of relative strength.
I'm getting the Europe right now, man.
I'm cashed in my chips and I'm leaving right now.
See ya.
I'm on my way.
To Hamster Dam.
I'm going to go open up my hamster farm.
I'm going to start growing some tulips.
Tulipin.
Well the tulips are beautiful.
You know, if you ever
phone over the tulip fields and Amsterdam,
we can show you.
Oh yeah, just last week.
Outside the city is specially beautiful.
Then you can go to the flower market there by
a Rembrandt plane.
Rembrandt, you got to roll your Rs.
man like,
Rokin.
Rokin.
I can't think of the name of that mandarin restaurants.
It's really not a good idea when you come on here to recommend a restaurant
and you have no idea what the name of it is.
But it's on Rokin, which is mean smoking.
And there's a lot of smoke going on in Hamster Dam.
There's a lot of good stuff going on.
Man was there for a lot of good stuff.
I could tell you, but it would not be a good idea.
I think you've got a general idea about it, don't you?
I do.
Oh and there's the new poll.
Thank you Eric.
You are a great American or whatever you are.
We're going to get you to Portia, but you're a great guy.
Fat.
I will use the public bathroom.
Only if it's clean.
I'm certainly well.
You know something?
Anytime.
Anytime.
I'm not one of these pansies.
I am a pansie, but I'm not that much of a pansie.
These people say, oh, I just can't go in a public restaurant.
You're going to get too nervous.
No, it's about what?
When you've got to go, you've got to go.
Joyce.
And during the instance, Paul Harvey, stand by for news.
Abigail McGillin, an elderly woman, answered and knocked at the door one day,
only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man,
carrying a vacuum cleaner.
I'll say it again.
The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner.
Good morning, said the man.
If I could take a couple of moments of your time,
I'd like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners.
Go away, said Abigail.
I haven't gotten any money.
And she proceeded to close the door.
Quick as a blast, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open.
Don't be too hasty, he said to Abigail.
Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.
With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet.
If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet matum,
I will personally eat the remainder.
Abigail stepped back and chuckled and said,
well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite because they cut off my electricity this morning.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Let him 47, I love that.
13-d'l knew him.
I bet you he didn't, but I love it.
And this show we ought to dedicate to Jolly Jo Bell because it's mostly about manure.
A lot of manure talk today.
That's not it.
Here's the second poll.
On the first one, I guess I better give you the result of the first one, previous.
I just love the way Eric did this.
Do you find this very useful and fantastic?
Yes.
At a boy, Eric.
Huh?
Showed up.
No, the way you can view previous, because I've got to print out the final result of the previous
poll.
And all you got to do is do a little click on our stats page there.
And but I'm being just like magic.
Yeah, like that.
There it is.
And maybe it'll print out one of these days when my fine there it goes.
You hear it?
Can you hear it printing it in the background?
And it's got toner in it.
It's got a new drum.
Don't let me forget about that drum.
Hey, don't forget.
Oh, yeah.
Because you're sure, and I know they're not going to pay for it because it's about $250.
I'll pay for it.
No problem.
Anything to keep to the eruders show going and pristine and clean for the old queen.
I will use the public bathroom anytime 15.
See, that's like me.
That's what I voted.
Now, how about you anytime?
Anytime.
Only if I have to go.
How's that?
In other words, not to hang out.
That's good.
That's good.
You know, I'd rather not.
People that hang out in public rooms, man.
Very, very suspicious to me.
Taking from the two issues here.
If one has to sit down, then I will move heaven and hell to avoid that.
Oh, in other words, see business.
Well, yeah, because you know, people aren't tidy in the public restroom.
Well, you know something.
What are you going to catch off a toilet seat?
Besides maybe a lot of things.
Just a gun or like that.
Dust?
Diss in the dust.
Yeah.
Have you got a dust in the wind?
I don't want to let my skin on anything that's wet.
30 votes on here so far in the new pool.
Not 30, man.
I will use the public bathroom anytime 15.
Only for emergencies 10.
Only in other words, like, oh, it's just no choice.
Only if it's empty, two of there's nobody around.
Because I might actually make a sound.
Only if it's clean, two.
I can only use my own bathroom one.
And I never go in public bathrooms.
Nobody will thank goodness for that.
I mean, what kind of a lunatic would have that?
I mean, I only can use my own.
There's one.
I'm sure there'll be more than that.
Because there are some people I have like a fetish about that.
Now, I don't think there's any question.
Oh, now there's 42 votes.
It's zooming up there.
But the comfort of one's own tea room.
There's nothing to replace it.
You know what I mean?
It's just the comfort of your own bathroom.
Right?
Right.
And you've got, you know, especially if you live alone like I do.
You've got the privacy.
And you don't even have to shut the door.
You just go in there and you don't have to worry about making too much noise
or too many malodorous, or whatever.
You know, it's just, you do your thing.
And that's it.
You hang loose.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
Look at that.
1356 votes on the, did I ever read it?
Oh, I never read it.
44 votes on today's second pool.
And 1356.
And you know what that is?
Add those two numbers together.
1460.
Could that happen again in a zillion years in a, in a
raccoon's age?
I don't think so.
1356 and 40 and 46.
1402.
Chris.
See, we call Chris my little boy, but that would be Chris.
We'll be ridiculous.
Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
He ain't anybody's little anything.
You're okay though.
Don't take it personally.
Let's start sulking now.
There's nothing worse than having a guy in there that's sulks, you know?
Like, like Marvin Raw man.
They used to show up late for work here.
We didn't.
George liked them because I guess they had some deals with the
Indians.
I don't know what to deal with.
Yeah, yeah.
When a religion is strictly to certain foods on certain days are
for bids you to eat them at all, that is
crazy as Schmidt.
454.
Crazy.
Like anything with religion, just like this show guy.
Oh, he's going to be just like Jesus, you know?
They shouldn't have nailed his ass up on a cross and burn,
fried his ass.
When they've been good, fried show.
An idea for those people came up with not God,
357, certainly not.
I wouldn't come up with that kind of crap.
Something I'm glad I have no part of, 338.
A side of high obedience to God, 53.
Oh, hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Rub then rosary bids man until their raw.
Hard for me to obey, 53.
All right, you better comply with it.
You're burning hell, 51.
You'll burn on that lake of fire, baby.
Something I religious person violate all the time.
Look how many?
30 men.
30 people are religious with a violate that prohibition.
And you want them to lie because they can't stop.
They just can't stop.
Like most said, I can't stop.
They finally stop that damn fire alarm.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, something I do because I'm weak 12.
See, that's the correct answer for anybody that believes in that crap that follows it.
Week, week.
You haven't got a brain every row.
And if you did have a brain year on,
you wouldn't be following all this religious,
hokey, polka, hocus, polka.
So unfair, I'm missing out on some good eats.
He's got only eight.
No, you are missing out.
I mean, who does like a nice bacon cheeseburger even on paysock, huh?
Who doesn't like that?
Who doesn't like a nice big juicy,
ribeye steak with the bone in?
That big extra big rib, like they have a Ruth Christiano.
Right like a ribeye.
On Friday or any other day that I'm in a mood for it.
No, no, no jackass in a dress.
No silly guy wearing a dress is going to tell me,
oh, it's Friday.
You can't eat meat today.
Why not?
Where does it say that?
Can you tell me where it says in the Bible about night eating meat on Friday?
Where does it say that?
Doesn't it?
They just make it up as they go along.
Jesus died that day.
You're supposed to be bummed out that day,
so you're not supposed to eat anything good.
He died only on what?
On good Friday?
That's what they say.
Well, what was good about it?
Oh, that's right.
He died so that he comes here and has sins.
Well, you do.
You do.
You do.
You spend people doing sexual activities out there.
Shame on you.
What's wrong with you?
Are you crazy or what?
Is it a good deal?
Strongly.
Both.
There you go.
And of course, if he knew it enough, it will make you crazy.
I don't want to view the period.
This thing is now all screwed up.
Not screwed up, but it says, I don't want to see the OI.
I just got through reading it.
68 votes on the The Room Pool.
See, this is not a bad deal.
And that means when you come in in the morning,
tomorrow you'll have a pool going on.
Already eating meat.
You'll keep this one going on.
Yeah, well, it's up to you.
But at least you got something there.
Or do you want me to change it?
No, whatever.
I'm here.
Listen, I'm here at your Beck and Call.
Oh, yeah.
Now, I'd like to know where that came from, too.
Beck and Call?
You've heard that.
I haven't got any idea.
Yeah.
I don't know what that up.
I think Beck probably means the same thing as Call.
Like, back in someone, you know, and you take your hand in you.
David, say, hey, come over here.
And make your day, David Beck from on the internet.
Boy, he is nasty.
He's got tattoos all over him.
He is very much moosey like in one respect.
But I'm just, oh, that doesn't, that does nothing for me.
I just run on the other direction when I see somebody
covered with tattoos.
And then, of course, they got that ink show on A&E.
What's happened to A&E?
Flip this house.
Flip them.
I flip them the bird every time I turn on.
I used to love A&E.
Now I love the biography channel, which on my cables were next to it.
A&E used to have so many great programs on now.
It's like all punky stuff on there.
Flip this house.
Well, what is that?
Flip this house.
My flip Wilson is house.
What does that mean?
Flip this house.
Have you ever seen that?
Yeah.
They had children there.
They had children there.
I think that show is finally gone.
Isn't it showing up, Gotti?
I hope.
Yeah, I think it is.
Oh, my God.
I told you I had her on my show one time.
On I&E.
What's her god is?
I was going to say that.
Victoria.
What a tacky, with a real Guidoish kids of her.
They wouldn't be too bad looking if they weren't Guido's, man.
They got that Guido thing about them.
Oh, Jesus.
68 votes on the poll.
Why is it that he is always talking about these good looking young guys?
Cause that's where my life is at.
That's what it's all about.
And I make no apologies for it.
Okay.
If that, whatever, whatever.
Just like George has all got the hots for what is their name now?
Then the morning show.
Julie?
Is that me?
Julie, do you know how you're doing?
When you played the Bobby Sherman record.
That's right.
Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie.
I don't have Julie hots for me.
Why'd you think I had this never yet?
I mean, let's, you got the hots for any chick with a skirt on.
Okay.
If she's got the right part, you got the hots.
Yeah, but that's what I mean.
Like, all you have to say to those guys,
if they got the right part in the right place,
why they got the right tubes in the right,
the other guys, they understand the fifth dimension.
76 votes on the public bathroom.
Pull.
There you go, Brandon.
You asked and you got it.
But I think I don't think that's when you want to keep up.
They're all weekend.
I'll find one that's really not very good.
I mean, I'll find a really good one.
And I'll send it along so you'll have something for tomorrow.
I ain't, and I'll take care of the stories and all that.
What do you know?
I just want you to take an off tomorrow.
You know, I don't want you to have to like do anything.
No, man.
Especially the way they treat you like garbage.
That's right.
I was thinking in the shower this morning.
I was thinking that day the phone rang and it was Greg Reed.
Congratulations on the great book, Neil.
And by the way, I've decided to determine a judge, Rodriguez.
That's exactly the way he said it.
In that tone.
Yeah.
And I said, you what?
That was after you sent me those emails of all those people
who had written in the acoustic emails to Moe,
ripping it in ass.
They were, I read them all.
He was the last one to get your copy too, by the way.
They were all very amusing and very hungry.
They were making the rounds all over the building.
And people were, ah, yeah, that Moe.
Everybody ate some like poison.
And they did.
And then of course, he did the right thing.
He backed off after everybody in the building lied to me about,
oh, no, Moe's not putting any pressure.
Right.
Just like the thing with condolese,
and just like the thing with everything.
And with Zach Krants, which,
Clarence, you know, his Clarence is a nervous life yesterday
when I put him on a spot about that before the show,
which he better not come in there before the show again anytime soon.
When he was sitting around, they're just waiting for me
so he could go running back to Joe.
Oh, Joe, here's what Neil said this morning.
He's really upset about.
This is really quick.
Whenever I shade my ball,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
OKAY!
I have the butt!
Stop the butt.
Rewind.
Stop the butt.
No, she here.
Stop the butt.
You're butt pal.
It cuts her voice.
Rewind.
Rewind.
Rewind.
Rewind.
Rewind.
Rewind.
Stop the butt.
Come on to the 560.
That's where those numbers of men right up the old...
Back up.
Two.
100 votes on the new pool.
I bet you Chris is really proud of that.
He's wearing a...
Now what was for once, but just bacon?
No, George didn't get anything.
I have a...
I know George didn't get anything.
And we're asking your fan, Ais.
A ham and cheese croissant.
That sounds so French.
You know what it sounds so...
You know what it is?
It's disgusting.
It's fattening his hell.
That bread that croissant.
Do you realize how much your trans fats are in there?
Yeah, lots of butter.
That's what makes it easy.
That's right.
Lots of trans fats in that croissant.
Why can't you just give like a ham and cheese on Rye?
I'll get that tomorrow.
That's right.
I know tomorrow.
I'm not going to have that.
I beg your pardon?
I said I'll get that tomorrow, but we have a...
Nothing pot coming in tomorrow.
Well, why didn't anybody tell me about that?
Why didn't...
Why didn't...
That told you.
Just cover this.
What?
That told you you were ignoring him.
You were busy calling him a bit.
I was ignoring him because he screwed me over on Pompon O'Park
and because Pompon has got the slots now.
And we got no information whatsoever about it.
And he is usual as running around with the gallery.
I talk in crap with Moishi and everybody there about what a big shot he is.
He is knee-knows knee-rodgers.
Yeah, he's off your silly.
You fair.
You know.
You hear the conversation when it comes in there.
But it beat but it booted but it just, you know, verbal diarrhea.
A lot of that going around.
100 votes on a poll today speaking of that.
A lot of toilet talk.
We've got to probably play that turd talk thing.
Can we still play that?
I doubt it.
Can we still play anything?
No.
But you know something?
You'll notice it's already 1203.
Have I taken any calls yet today?
I have no lines.
No.
No.
Am I going to take any calls before 2 o'clock?
No.
Absolutely not.
If you're, in fact, I'm reaching over and shutting that stupid thing off.
So you know what just dawned on me what I realized is that, have you got any idea?
Of course it requires a little bit more work but you know what the kind of money they're paying me?
I might do like few minutes of work every day.
Not a lot.
Not too much.
But a few minutes.
Do you have any idea on the internet for example how much good stuff there is?
Not to mention the stuff that are the more intelligent people in the audience than to serve you now and end.
You know, useful crap.
You know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I'm saying that if I can't carry the show for 4 hours every day, audio will be out to Lee and bricks somewhere.
I would be out of Lee and on the bricks.
I would be able to sit on a street corner.
Sperson change, mister.
How's it going, eh?
Like that.
And you know it would seem to me that after a while somebody's bigger out here on the streets of Toronto would realize after they've seen you for the 8 million times that you're on to them and that when you start quickening your pace as they start approaching you, that means you don't want to be bothered.
And they don't have to.
Sperson, in fact it was one of them yesterday, kind of a bearded young punk guy.
And uh, uh, uh, uh, Sperson, uh, and he like stopped him in sense because he saw it was me and he knew I wasn't even going to give him the time of day.
I wasn't going to give him the time of day.
If he would have paid me, I wouldn't have looked at my watch and given him time.
How do you like that?
Not that I'm a hard, hard, and cheap bastard because you know that.
Because right after the show I'm sending Josh Quartus a big fat check.
Big fat one.
Because he's bugging me for money now because his dog needs an operation.
That's the kind of guy I am.
I take care of the whole universe.
No matter what George tells you, Chris don't believe him.
So Neil, my bank account needs an operation.
Yeah.
You know what?
Your brain needs an operation.
A lot of me.
In fact, I'll call that back down.
That's it.
Where they can start if they're looking for your brain.
Right.
That's where they'll find it.
Okay. Before this morning, I thought you were a good guy.
I thought you were an ally, a friend.
I thought you were a comrade in the fight against.
Well, he is.
So you're just a fatty.
Another fat guy.
And the fat F.
There's a word that goes after fat begins.
Yeah, fat fart.
That's not fat.
I'm not talking about one.
Now you're okay.
You're all right.
Just stay away from me.
Here's the poke.
And I know you will.
Pull quick and so will Josh's matter.
In fact, in spite of the check, I'm going to send him.
And of course, you know, Josh is, I don't know what the big deal is with him.
Why is everybody got the hots for him, especially these faggots?
He's an easy one.
He's a great kid, huh?
Have a good party.
I'm just going to make sure we're talking about the same judge.
Josh Corners.
Oh, are you talking about Clarence Darrow?
I was.
Is somebody's got the hots for that?
Holy moly, Ray.
And you must somebody will.
You must really be approaching the end of your existence on a planet.
Good God.
The thought of that.
And that day that he came in there adjusting his package,
as long as I live on that's another reason I don't want to show his net studio.
He wasn't just adjusting.
He was manipulating and twisting.
And even Chevy Checker never saw a twist like that.
Even when he was on that famous New York station.
W.A.B.S.J.
Yeah.
To everywhere around
Seven seven on your dial
From great big groove of sound
I remember those days when radio was worth owning.
And put it down.
And put it down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Safe to the greatest radio.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, baby, you're a freak.
I don't you know it's W.A.B.C.
Seven seven seven W.A.B.C.
On the American.
Oh, hey.
Those are the days, baby.
Bob Lewis and Puny Scott Muny and cousin Brucey,
who's a real a-hole with a bad hair piece and all these other guys.
Daning room that I mentioned him now.
A lot of dead people.
Her boss, Caranderson.
Hello again.
Here's my best to you.
Oh, he was so boring.
He was so bad.
See, one thing about the early days of radio.
The other golden days.
Not the early days.
The golden days.
There were a lot of people around here for like a long time.
Like on television too, like Dave Geroway and Arthur Gottfried.
They were terrible, but they made millions of dollars because they were like pioneers.
You know what I mean?
Right.
You follow what I'm saying in other words, they didn't know what they were doing.
That's right.
They were just about a long time.
Like Arnie Warren for example on WGBS.
But you can't even all didn't come and tell you about Arnie and Amos.
They were pretty famous for about five minutes.
WGBS remember that?
Seven ten and bring eleven.
Seven ten on the down.
What is seven ten now?
Radio Mambe?
I don't know.
It's like everything else in Dave County.
No speaking in grace, baby.
Much old Julio sent him around.
Listen to that.
Fidel, Fidel, about all the other same old tired crap man.
And we're tired of you old Julio's by the way.
Go back where you came from.
Go back and Fidel looks like he's making a nice comeback.
That's what Hugo Chavez said.
He said Fidel's doing just fine.
That's what he said.
Communist, the communist, the communist.
So I guess they have to.
How do you undo like a party in the street?
Do you have like a non party and unparty?
Let's have a big unparty this weekend in the streets.
Like on Fagrist street all over a sweet water too and higherlier.
Even the people who live in higherlier don't want to go there.
You know, I don't blame them.
I will use the public bathroom.
Now I'm sure it's speaking to higherlier at Westland.
If they can do the limbo rock there in higherlier they'll use the public restroom.
Especially at JC Penny, at the tea room there in Westland.
I'm trying to think, you know, once upon a time I lived in higherlier lakes next to the high school there.
I told you that, didn't I?
Yes you did.
And so I guess I had been in Westland but I can't think of the last time.
Must be about 75, 80, 100 years ago.
Is there really a mall?
Is there a mall?
I mean in Toronto it's downtown the Eaton Center.
I mean that's, I mean there are plenty of other malls but that's the mall.
Is there a mall in South Florida they would say,
and don't tell me the sawdress please.
I know it's a big tourist trap and all the Brazilians go there and speak with a list of Portuguese and stuff.
But is there a mall that's really like a magnet?
I don't know, I don't understand the question like a magnet like the mall, the mall.
Right, then that's, what did I just get?
I would say the Adventure or Deadland.
Yeesh, I would say the Adventure.
Deadland, are you kidding me?
That's in Kindle for Christ's sake.
I know, that's where he lives.
He lives way down there.
You still live in Kindle?
Way down Yonder, beyond it.
I still live on 100, 7,000 there.
He lives by Metro's, he's in sunset and Kindle dry.
Back when there were like five people left who spoke English, I was one of them though.
I lived in a corner.
Found a bunker right now.
I bring a point, I was in four quarters to have a tent, you know where that is?
No.
Oh.
And then I was in the Horizons which was down the street a little bit and then I bought a townhouse in towngate right on the corner there.
You don't know where these places are, maybe they're not even there anymore.
Yes, I'm thinking.
And then of course there was, speaking of the melting pot, there was the original Kindle one there on the Sunset and that's still there.
Yeah, I know it's still there.
And there was also in that same, I think in the same strip shopping center, there used to be a Tacos Olae, was it a Taco Viva?
Was it a good, was that nice squeeze cheese?
Was that Taco Viva?
Okay, yeah.
Or Taco Olae.
I don't remember, I mean I remember the existence of Taco Olae, I don't think everyone went in one.
I think it was Taco Viva with the nice, that squeeze cheese they put on the burrito.
It was good.
Oh, so much better than Taco Schmackle Bell.
Although I like Taco Bell.
And also when that same strip shopping center on the other side was the original Godfathers.
Which was a sponsor when I was in WS News.
The only reason I'll never forget that place.
First of all, the food was so then good.
That was good stuff for that Godfathers.
It was like, it wasn't like Chicago style, like Uno's and things like that.
In fact, we did have Uno's, but because people in South Florida, their faces and their tuition, Uno's in the last two long.
My pie and Uno's, remember those?
Mm-hmm.
But that Godfathers, and I keep telling you about Javier, who was young, who was about like 24 or 23 old enough.
And he was like the member of the family that came to the station to like, you know, seal the deal.
So to speak.
And then they all went to jail for a bunch of them did.
But boy, I'll never forget Javier, man.
He was a fine young gentleman.
Oh, Javier!
In fact, when I went in there, I'd order my pizza with Javier on it, but it just never worked out.
Got all my ideas.
I'll tell you, some of your people, man.
Some of your people look pretty good to me.
Those are the ones I like.
I understand.
Of course, some of anybody's people, the ones that look good.
Those are the ones I like.
I don't really care who's...
See, I'm not one of those that ask about there.
If I don't ask a lot of questions, I'm not interested in your family tree.
I don't want to hear about your ancestry, where they came from, how long they lived there.
Your mama, I don't care about any of that.
If you look good and you're ready to rock and roll, I'll ride.
That's fine. And don't you think that's a healthy attitude?
You bet.
All right.
I'm glad I answered it.
I don't really care what you think.
12.
12.
12, but it's past noon at QAIM.
Let's talk some sports.
Not.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
Well, my name is Gary Condon and I am living my worst fear.
Because I bang one of my interns and then she went and just so feared.
Oh, we're shunned for the worst of rise.
And I won't open Sh Jane Tonight.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Are youidad Adam?
Come, the Shonda, come, the Shonda, yeah, in the light of the boy.
From 18 to 560, how Shonda doing?
You want to see her in her own mole?
And how is Gary Condowood doing?
Don't you hear anything about him?
He made it away.
Gary's Condowood.
And anyway, I'm just going to let it all hang out here this afternoon.
I'm going to just rip Joe Bell and ask that he deserves.
I'm going to just tell you right now, from now on, from this moment forward,
I'm laying the gauntlet down, whatever that means.
What does that mean?
Are you serious?
Are you talking about me from medieval times?
Yeah, when you challenge somebody, you throw your club down.
I know what it means.
It's like, bo-cruely.
You don't start explaining to me stuff like you know that you really want to know.
That's why I said, do you really want to know?
It'll make me sound like a daughtering old fool because I'm trying to get to show.
Oh, that's set up.
You're trying to get to show.
That's why you talk about that.
I'm not going to answer any questions, yes.
Just wait.
Oh, man, but I'll get to that in a second.
First, here's some good news, I think.
The Florida Senate early today approved its version of a property tax relief package
that rolls back city and county taxes while providing extra tax breaks for the first time
home buyers and business owners.
And you know what?
Nobody still wants to live there if they got a brain.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
You know, the one great thing about coming back this lifetime or anytime now since I'm
here most of the time from Amsterdam or Berlin or anywhere I'm visiting, you know the
best part of it?
What?
Is that I'm not coming back to South Florida?
I'm coming back here to civilized place a great city with real people in the sunny
shining and it may not be like, you know, boiling in the shade 180 degrees with 400% humidity,
but it's just fine, eh?
The vote sets the stage for the House and Senate until immediately begin working out
the differences over how to address a brewing property tax crisis that led hundreds of
homeowners from across the state to protest outside the capital earlier this week.
This plan benefits every single property owner in the state said Senate Majority Leader
Dan Webster, Republic of Wintergaard, and I think it's pretty awesome, he said.
It's pretty awesome.
Yeah, I know somebody who's awesome.
I know a few awesome people.
You know who one of them is?
Who?
Serbian Stadion.
I bet I better spend the rest of the day on his webpage profile page.
What do you laugh at about?
It's a fun thing.
I'm going to tell you what.
During the next break or maybe later on, I have time to fart with it during the show.
We got a show I'm pretending to do.
Later on, I'll email you the pictures.
All right.
And then you'll tell me on Monday whether or not you think he's a fine, you know, all right.
Because at least with you, you don't have to give me, wow, you know, I don't know.
I mean, I just can't deal with that.
You show me a real man and a real man will have an opinion about what anything or anybody
looks like.
How can you not have an opinion?
I'll humor you.
If it comes up, what do you mean you'll humor me?
I'll generate an opinion if it comes up.
Otherwise, you don't really give it a thought.
Oh, in other words, I'll just, you'll have an opinion.
All right.
Now, how has planned past yesterday calls for a major cut in local government property
taxes?
Would let voters decide if they want to eliminate property taxes in exchange for an increase
in the state's if-for-cent sales tax?
Yeah, let's make it 100%.
That will be good for tourism.
Let's make the sales tax 100%.
So if an item is like $12.95, it'll cost you $25.06.
The House bank that ultimately lead to a $2.5 increase in the sales tax making it the
highest state-manned sales tax in the entire USA.
But House leaders are predicting homeowners could ultimately save $35 billion over the next
five years.
The Senate would unanimously be rejected the House package, calls for a more modest property
tax rollback.
But would let voters decide whether first time homeowners should get an additional 25
grand homes to the exemption for a total of 50 grand, and businesses should get a $25,000
tangible personal property exemption.
A Senate probability plan, a Porta Potty plan.
How about, would anybody out there go in a Porta Potty unless you're working on a construction
site?
Oh, don't touch anything except for the tolls and students.
Oh, yeah.
You probably write about it.
Was that speaking of Porta Potty?
They have Porta P places.
Yeah, I have heard that.
They have four sides to them.
They're like square little things.
I'm not going to say like in the middle of the main streets, but like on a round town.
And they have urinals and they go down the holes in the ground.
You know, and the guys that they're out there, and of course a lot of booze in going
on there, a lot of booze in baby.
And nature is calling.
And so guys take a leak in these, uh, these urinal places right out there in the middle
of it.
And of course, if you're really clever in your stand around, you can kind of catch a
peek here, every now and then.
They back up real slow.
Anyway, a Senate Portability plan would also allow a long time when we were going to sell
their homes and move to a new house without a major tax hit.
Tax savings have been estimated $11 billion.
The House and Senate will now start negotiating their differences and hopes of reaching a
tax relief agreement by their scheduled May 4th of German.
But some people doubt that can be easily accomplished and could force a special legislative
session just like they're always seems to have to be to get anything done.
Because it's a mugwump state with a mugwump legislature and a mugwump fag governor and
most of the mugwump residents, especially on the west coast.
So there you go.
161 votes on our second poll.
There you go, Brandon.
You wanted it.
You got it.
The toilet pool.
Right up your alley.
Okay, let's be right up your alley.
Let me just say this.
And I know all kidding aside, you believe me all kidding aside when I say that?
No, of course not.
Because you know better by now.
Right?
You're all these hundred years.
I'm just telling you, I am as of this moment, as of today, because I feel pretty good.
Actually, physically when I got up this morning for the first time, I really felt like an old
man.
Good.
Good.
What does that mean?
Good.
What a bastard, man.
He's given me, Chris is giving me a jock for my little boy.
And you're giving me good that I woke up feeling like I'm just a jock.
I'm just a jock.
You're not.
You're, man, talk about dancing on my grave.
Even Sammy Davis would be embarrassed.
It's all about fat that's making you feel that way, because you put on all that weight.
189.
I'm 189.
That's not so bad for me.
That's pretty damn good.
I was still a fat slub.
Well, ignore me.
Continue with your story.
No, I, but let me just finish.
Sorry.
You know, and like I said, it's not a story.
Okay.
I just woke up feeling aches and pains.
You know how like old people have arthritis right now.
And now I feel fine.
Good.
And to me, I sound pretty damn good today.
You know, I sound like this.
I sound as good as I have in 20 years.
You sound as pink as Chris looks.
Don't start with the pink stuff.
Okay.
I want to give him a person you've ever seen.
Yeah, I've seen pink.
I doubt it.
Want a bet?
You just don't know what I'd end up with.
Don't, don't leave me there.
Okay.
Okay.
You're so far crap.
Anyway, how about purple haze?
What was I said before you just keep interrupting.
You'll be old.
I can't get this out.
Or okay.
The fact of the matter is as of today and in your oldest,
I don't even have the day I'm on the run.
And maybe I'll take calls again and maybe I won't.
I'll do whatever the hell I want to do.
Because we haven't got, and you know this for a fact.
Oh yeah.
We haven't got anybody in managed mid at any level in that building.
Including the previous, the predecessors in that building,
who have a clue about talk radio.
They haven't got any idea of what this show is all about,
what it takes to do this show, what I need, what you need.
They haven't got any idea.
So when some fat idiot is running around and going,
oh, we need those tapes, the audience wants to hear Neal's voice.
Oh, like that.
I know I'm dealing with a real Bozo.
Okay.
He may be a nice guy.
But what he knows, you could stick it up about this business
and about what we do.
You could stick it in a symbol and have room for the damn Chinese army
left over.
And that's not just, that's not just a saying.
Okay.
That's the free-con truth.
You'd have to squeeze him in there pretty tight,
but I think it would work.
He knows nothing.
And that's exactly what he's contributed to this show.
And for this guy to be sending me an email while I'm a hamster damn on vacation,
sending me an email on my Yahoo, giving me a son of dance about,
well, you guys are back up in midday in the trend.
And oh, and March ought to be really gigantic.
Based on what?
Based on what?
Based on what you've done, that Georgia's got a beg to get a toner cartridge
for the damn machine that's been sitting there that I paid for out of my own pocket
for months and months and months and months and months.
That's the based on that.
That we get that kind of input and output and cooperation that we get nothing.
Based on the fact that you're willing to sit back on your fat ass along
with your partner in crime and choice and clearance there and let a half-a-dose
and idiots hijack the phone on the show.
That's not going to happen because I'm not going to let it happen.
See, the reason I survived 31 years plus whatever it's been a few days
and this market is because I'm a survivor, baby.
I know what needs to be done and what it needs to be done.
Say whatever you want, okay?
Whatever the hell you want, but I'm a man of...
That's right.
Action at Jackson, baby. That's what we got right now.
Speaking of people that talk behind your back.
And see, he's not the kind of guy that'll ever come to you to your face
and say, oh gee, it's so much better when you take the calls, Neo.
But when you're ripping those idiots, oh, like that, he'll say that around the building behind my back.
And it'll get back to me, you know.
I don't give a crap what he says. He's not doing the show.
This show, you know what I'm saying?
Chestnut. I'm doing it. I'm going to do it the way I want to do it.
I'm going to do just fine, okay?
And we'll still have bigger numbers than the horse ball sports segments that we got on the station
because sports talk, like I've been telling you for many, many months,
look, when something is dying, man, you can smell it.
The smell of death is in the...
Remember those days when he were like choking and gagging, he thought it was the time to roof?
It's the smell of death at QAM.
Bill, this is Randy West.
And as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter Northia today.
He tells me your real name is Neil Downe.
And he's still ain't interested in it.
Who sounds like a moron?
Yes and a half.
Every time he speaks, his name God wants to speak.
He wants to take a city and cover it in sweets.
Rainnay again.
Rainnay again.
Rainnay again.
Rainnay again, because he wants to make a new orlean space for you.
And I don't care what people are saying.
Just like Jesse Jackson.
We as black people.
His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is man.
He compares the hopeless to a willy-wonk upon.
Chocolate.
Rainnay again.
Yes, Rainnay again.
Rainnay again.
Rainnay again, because he wants to make a new orlean space for you.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a new world as the one that should be.
Uptown, all the way, ever they all.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate nuance.
He never takes the blame.
For anything he says.
Chocolate.
At the end of the day.
With the chocolate and some coffee and a cup of wine for theirs.
Rainnay again.
Rainnay again.
No, I can't.
Rainnay again, because he wants to make a new orlean space for you.
You can't have new all this, no other way.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be no longer as it was chocolate.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
It wouldn't be more.
The far part of the
Granny dove- Run!
There it is.
It's a right-winged champion.
Oh, you're right.
The woman's brand is so much better.
It's usually the king.
Just like the Momo and Vial, the tutorial.
So much better than the original.
Here we go.
Hey, hey.
You better come home, speedy, God's Island.
Oh, how bad you are.
Oh, we're from Panerero.
Speedy, God's Island is what a joy.
Top all of your three kids.
You're the way he's seven.
With that baby.
Yeah, yeah.
Susie.
Both.
The one who's going to be the best.
That's more than enough.
He was sure pretty though for about five minutes, Pat Boone.
Mm-hmm.
The Pennsylvania Senator focused on Gonzalez'
contention that he had limited involvement in the fire.
Inspector went to a list of meetings Gonzalez attended where the topic was discussed and asked.
You think it's honest to say that you only had limited involvement.
You bastard you.
Gonzalez later replied.
It was limited involvement.
And he said the discussion of US Attorney's such as Carol Lamb from Southern California
were only part of his job as US Attorney.
She was one of those who lost her job.
He said they talked about Lamb with senior staff stem from complaints.
He'd received about her performance.
Inspector Presbyn's always on earlier statements concerning the extent of his involvement in the fire.
I'm asking you, do you prepare for your press conference?
Inspector said we are prepared when you said you weren't involved in any deliberations.
Senator, I've already conceded.
I misspoke of that Presbyn's conference.
Gonzalez replied there was nothing intentional.
Right.
Later, the anxious Nazi Senator Sam Brownback, Republican of Kansas, a real card carrying fascist.
Ask Gonzalez to concisely run down the reasons for this missile of each of the prosecutors.
The Attorney General listed reasons from office management and morale for the handling of the death penalty case as he went through the instances.
Early in his opening statement, Gonzalez apologized to the 8-Fired prosecutors and their family saying they deserve better from me and the Department of Justice,
which they served for many, many years.
Absolutely correct, sir.
As far as Alberto is concerned, overall, only 28% of Americans view him favorably and a third have an unfavorable view.
That's Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez, little Nazi, best Dargo and liar, and treacherous and dangerous.
He ought to be on, he ought to be in federal prison right now, along course with his partners in crime.
Right. The lot of them, the whole lot, and Trent lot.
Get him out.
Give the palm of the tron lot back and put him back in there too.
Just for old times sake.
Can't get you off the hook, pal.
Even for old times sake.
That's a great scene.
Can you give me off the hook, Tom?
For old times sake.
Can't do it, sir.
He is so cool.
Robert DuValle, you know?
Mm-hmm.
No matter what role he plays in, if there's one actor in the last 50 years I would describe as cool, it would be him.
Am I right?
Would you give me a big argument about that?
No, I'm thinking about arguing, but so far not.
Well, good.
Good choice.
If you want to be in that will.
Let's see, here's the pool.
I'll be able to get some new dentures when that might happen to me.
Oh, hey, that's the one good thing.
I still got all my teeth.
Right.
Which is not good because that means a lot of trips to the dentist.
You know, I flossed today.
Why did I floss?
I don't know.
Maybe you were reading it.
Oh, you know that show that they were head on the weekend with Dr. Sanjay Gupta about eating like two lettuce leaves a day and they're living the 500 years.
Okay.
The one of the things they mentioned, I keep hearing about that a lot because gum health haven't I told you that keeping your gum is healthy has got lots to do with heart health.
I know it doesn't make any sense, but it's true.
And so they said that flossing every day is a good for you.
And I flossed yesterday and then I woke up this morning feeling like 400 years old.
I don't know if I want to do that again.
Do you floss your teeth?
No, I have a big gaps between my teeth so I don't have to.
You have big gaps between your teeth?
I never use that.
So I know that's why I never use that.
Why is that?
It's just the way my teeth are.
I have gapy teeth and so I don't smile a lot because of it and I don't floss.
Oh, I thought you didn't smile a lot because of your wife's situation and you were your work.
All that too.
Oh.
I will use a public bathroom 194 votes on this only for emergencies 108.
Wow, that's passed everything.
It's passed like a gas.
Like they were standing still only for emergencies 108.
That's interesting.
Anytime 50 or 6.
Yeah, you've got to go.
You've got to go.
What are you so uptight about?
Okay.
Only if it's clean, 20.
Only if it's clean.
I'll go in and inspect.
And if there's like any schmutz anywhere I'm run, I'm run out of there.
I'm having the runs.
It reminds me of that, the Vinnie's.
Isn't that amazing?
I can remember the name of that restaurant.
I never can think of it.
It's that close to show you how all of a sudden I'm making a big comeback today.
I don't know what it's all about.
I think that's because you're doing a show tomorrow.
I'm getting the hell out of here.
I think that might have something to I doubted though.
Or maybe it's because I just had such a great time in hamsterdame, you think?
Maybe.
Vinnie's.
Remember I told you about the sliding toilet seat.
Oh, yeah, there's that kid again from Virginia Tech, the one at Zach Pekowitz.
He's not the real good looking one, but he looks kind of human considering it's Virginia Tech.
Only if it's clean 20, only if it's empty for.
I never go in public restrooms three and I can only use my own back room three, 199.
You do realize that there are people who can't even pee in a public restroom.
I didn't realize that.
Let me think about feeling sorry for them.
Well, no, it's not it's not something they choose.
It's just it's a phobia.
They just can't they can't get the dribble going man.
Yeah, yeah, get over it nut bag.
That's my comment to them and their phobias.
That sounds awfully insensitive to me.
Well, I think you have a good point.
Too bad.
Let me say it again.
See, he won't let me agree with him.
That's how we're going to surely here.
Right.
Which I hope now wants to agree with you, but I would agree.
Get over it is right.
Just do your business and get our life and quit being such a worse.
Well, there's that Cho guy again.
He's got that angry look.
The UK, the public are looking themselves at their gun-toting friends and the face thing.
How hard do they view?
How about they view gun-controlled US's Robert from the UK?
That's right, Robert.
You've got a good point there.
But how come you're so freaking concentrated?
You silly British.
Meal.
Yeah.
Michael Eisner?
Two rings Eisner.
It took you two rings to answer.
What are you doing over there?
I'm sorry, sorry.
I just couldn't reach the phone.
I couldn't reach the world.
One ring Eisner, we've been over this.
I'm sorry.
Get on the ball over there.
Okay.
What do you all hung over up with your mighty dick?
Who's there?
The hockey kids.
Oh, the Anaheim mighty duck.
Oh, what a successful story that's been-
Well, whatever.
Sell it.
Sell it.
Well, that team, they're terrible.
So they're in the Stanley Cup finals.
What does that mean?
Well, they're in the championship of the nation.
I say that I'm not in the sports anyway.
I'm not a porn mouse.
Porn mouse.
Forget about the ducks.
It's a stupid name anyway.
Who came up with it?
Well, I did, sir.
We remember we had that.
Oh, it'd be terrible.
I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your hat.
You look like a moron.
Next to Charlie Sheen.
No, no, no, no.
That was Emilio Estabs, the star of the mighty duck.
They can't.
It's the same kid.
Terrible.
The mighty duck hit.
I mean, they really are entertaining.
It's a great family value.
I don't care about the dick.
What?
Hang on a minute.
Yes, sir.
Oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is wrong with you, Remus?
I'm not feeling well, boss.
You're almost white.
Yeah, I'm pale, boss.
Oh, has some bad Chinese.
Some bad Chinese.
Yeah, better downtown, boss.
Lings.
Lings are panda.
Whatever, boss, I've got to go.
I'll get away from you.
It's all things like a brewery.
Oh.
My God, God.
Come on, I, sir.
Yes, sir.
Well, things are going very well over here.
You know, we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup Final.
Terrible, so, um.
And we also have the Finding Nemo movie,
which is doing very very well.
Yeah, Andy, Remo, let me ask you a question.
Yes, sir.
Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk
and the thing made $70 million?
What kind of deal do we have with Pixar?
Well, we sort of...
Raditz!
Oh, I'm not.
Did you do it?
I think I put myself on.
You're put yourself on!
Schwimits!
Get out of the office, we are...
My, oh my.
My, oh my.
My, oh my, oh my.
How horrible day!
I need a dick up in here.
Eyes there.
Yes, sir.
It can't have to be, ey?
I am.
And, idiot.
And, idiot.
Goodbye, eyed nurse.
Okay, well, sir, would you like to take it to the mighty ducks?
I told you to sell the decks.
Docs?
Change the name of that thing anyway.
Change the name of the one.
Yeah, we gotta keep it.
Make it the...
The meces.
What are meces?
Meces.
What is one mouse?
That just mice?
Yeah?
Are you correct in me?
No, sir.
Wait a second, I hate you.
Speak!
I hate you, walk!
I was like Mighty Mouse a lot better in Mickey Mouse anyway.
1247-13-1-5-60W.
If you remember, does anybody remember Mighty Mouse?
Sure, one of yours is...
His tunes?
Oh, sure. His tunes?
You mean there was more than one?
I don't know.
The one that I know of.
Here I come to save the day.
Get.
Now, maybe my sound like that.
Yellow out of the red cape, right?
Okay.
No, maybe...
Yeah, that's wrong, right?
Oh, you can Google it and I'm sure that we'll be able to picture my mission.
I'm here, I can make the effort to do that.
He gets the situation well in high.
I got the situation while I'm here right now.
Yeah, but you do.
Turn 18 votes on the poll.
Let's get back to our important stuff.
Oh, this is the pressing.
It's just as easy to purchase guns in Florida as Virginia as both are among the most lenient states.
When it comes to limiting the sale of firearms gun control advocates said yesterday
in the wake of the murderous rampage at Virginia Tech.
Indeed, buying guns can be easier in Florida because it has no restriction on the number of weapons that can be bought at one time.
I'll take a whole bunch.
BOT-3rd, man!
Give me 30 guns.
Give me a couple of UZ's and a couple of 45's and a couple of 22's and a couple of 357 magnums.
Give me a magnum of Maester Brow.
Making it a popular shopping location for gun traffickers at Zach Ragborn,
spokesman for the Brady campaign to friend gun violence.
That's by the way Jim Brady, not Tom Brady or even the Brady Quinn.
Virginia, on the other hand, permits only one gun to be purchased within a 30-day period.
Florida has laws on its books that we find very troubling Ragborn said they make it much more difficult for the state to have gun control.
I wonder what your governor thinks about that.
He probably likes a nice piece.
Anyway, Ragborn's group gives Florida an F-plus on its gun control report card compared to a C- for Virginia.
An F-plus, I give Florida an F-minus.
Still, Virginia's laws are considered overly lost by some because it has no waiting period for gun sales,
although it does require a background check, these are an Asian-wide database.
Florida requires a three-day wait-and-backed round check and allows counties to extend that to five days as Dave County has done.
Likely, none of these restrictions would have stopped Virginia Tech student Joe Schwung-We from killing 32 people on himself Monday.
The reason the gun purchaser made long before the shooting attacks began.
He had plans, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Choe bought a clock 9mm in a box of ammo for $571 from a gun store in Roanoke for a junior horrible place five weeks ago.
He has thought to have purchased a Wal-Fer 22 caliber semi-automatic pistol in February.
Both transactions appear to be legal in the good old USA.
In any case, the worst on campus, bloodbath, and American history has restarted the national debate on gun control,
with some argument that more people equipped with firearms on the Virginia Tech grounds might have cut short-chores killing rampage.
Oh yeah, the right-wing gun nuts.
If everybody would have just been armed, they'd have shot his ass right.
Oh!
If there had been armed people on campus when he walked into the first classroom, maybe four or five people would have shot at him,
and there would be over Nick Lipschultz, owner of PAR Firearms and Supplies and West Palm Beach said,
Nice going, Nicky, nut job.
Lipschultz, who said he sells hundreds of guns each year to law-biting people, said criminals will gain access to firearms no matter how many gun control laws are imposed.
I've never seen a bad guy in my story, said criminals buy guns on the streets.
They don't obey laws, so passing more laws is not the answer.
Gun control advocates disagree.
John Vernick, co-director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research in Baltimore, said nationwide,
they're almost 30,000 gun-related deaths per year, or about 80 per day.
80 a day.
Florida's got almost 2,000 gun-related deaths per year, or on an average of more than five a day,
according to the National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
It's a disease, alright. It's called gun sickness.
Obsessed with guns, including killing and naming and molding and destroying lives.
Yes, we should be talking about waste-reventing mass shootings like this, Vernick said,
but we should also be talking about waste-stuff all other gun deaths every day.
What an excellent point. What a concept.
We're going to be doing that? No.
Vernick said the real problem is with unregulated gun sales,
generally made in private transactions over the black market, in those cases,
states have no way to conduct background checks.
It's estimated that about 40% of all gun transactions in the US are through private sales,
so that's just a gaping loophole in gun sale laws, he said.
While some states gun laws are loose, all of these are stringent,
such as those in New Jersey and Maryland, he said, New Jersey requires an arduous background check for panic on lessons,
and Maryland's got a seven-day waiting period.
Meanwhile, Florida House Committee quashed a bill yesterday that would have forced businesses to allow employees
to keep guns locked in their cars and company parking lots, the NRA back the bill.
Oh, well, if the NRA backed it, yes, yes, yes, yes, and whatever you want, yes, yes, yes, yes,
because the NRA runs America and you people know that.
Such a crazed gun nuts.
All the representative back to your trauma in Republican and Winter Heaven asked to devote to be postponed
a lot of the tragedy on Monday.
The House Environmental and Natural Resources Council defeated the bill 10-4.
Part of your job is to vote on difficult issues, sometimes that's hard to avoid,
said representatives stand may feel Republican and Viral Beach who voted against legislation,
although they defeated the 10-4.
The bill was failed for two consecutive years in Florida.
See, that story didn't make any sense the way I read it, you know what, too bad.
I'm under a lot of stress and a lot of pressure.
I don't know why, but I'll come up with an idea.
231 votes on our toilet pool.
I mean, I just don't, you know, I mean when you go to a store, for example,
you go to a convenience store, the stores don't have toilets, but fast food joints do.
So if you're like convenience store to do, what?
Convenient store to do.
Get out of here.
One of the convenience stores have toilets?
Be very inconvenient store if it didn't have one, let me tell you.
Maybe for the help, but not for like the customers.
All right, you've seen a convenience store like a, are you floed them?
Maybe that's why they named it that.
Yeah, you floed them.
Well, I mean, they're one in the same with gas stations anymore.
Oh, I see they have come together.
If they have a gas station, a lot of convenience stores don't have gas stations.
7-11, most of them don't have a gas station.
You don't have to do, most of them don't.
Even if they don't.
Well, I think that's important news to know.
Yeah.
Like on NBC there, we say, the more you know, and then they come on with some stupid
fact like, you know, two is more than one.
The more you know, aren't we smarter than NBC?
Keith Oberman really pisses me off.
I don't want to get back on that.
I'm just thinking about the more I think about it, just frost my ass.
Then that idiot they call it yesterday, he give me, oh, well, I'm just a racist off-theory.
You know what?
He's in title to be as racist as he wants to be.
This whole politically crap bull crap, this hypocritical bunch of garbage.
Who worked a really good article?
Ted Rawl and I read through the end of the show.
Right, I remember that.
Leave it to Ted, baby.
He knows his crap.
Where's that article by Robert?
Oh, yeah, wait till you're this one.
Wait till you hear this, which I'll say for after the break.
US evangelicals aim to influence European law.
I got news for you, all of you, far-bitch and a goi-am out there.
You're, you're whistling down the old Dixie highway, man.
You're dreaming.
You're whistling past the graveyard.
There's another good expression.
What does that mean?
Whistling past the graveyard.
I don't know.
There's all like farting in a wind storm.
I gotta get it.
We could speculate.
You ever fart in a wind storm?
I had something to try.
I had to be a lot of fun.
I'm pretty sure.
Because I've been in some wind storm.
Oh, there Neil goes talking about farting again.
I bet you Joe's not too happy about that.
He's probably on the way to one of his lunches, you know?
Anybody can keep an ass that big, keep that size, you know, maintain it.
It's gotta be eaten several lunches every day.
One thing about Joe Bell, jolly joy-man.
He's all ass.
Just ask me, I'll tell you.
242 votes on our second poll, which means, what do we have on the first one, Chris?
1356.
And what?
242.
Boy, if we had almost 600.
What is it?
Yeah, almost 1600.
1598.
Holy moly rat, man.
Let me click that baby again.
243.
1599.
The next vote will be 1600.
We still got an hour to go on this horse ball show.
How do you like that?
That will be monumental.
The next person will be 1698.
We got two new hosts on this poll.
What do we need?
Oh, we got 245 now.
We're over.
1601.
Even Chris, even as hostiles is today for whatever reason.
More up on the wrong side of bed.
Yeah, maybe that's what it was.
Is that what it is?
You'll be okay tomorrow.
That's because I'm not gonna be here.
George will be in this.
Out into two hours!
That's taking us these hours of stay showin'.
Is out to get our rating to.
Another four of four for the ratio.
Up to these that don't pay their bills.
Boy, thank you.
I think the parts away.
That choice fits this.
Let's think it nasty bitch.
Like Heather Wilson of the bed.
Through this dirty bird's heart.
Life's gonna be in the turning point.
She stopped to drink her past the bar.
Oh, hey, thank you.
She's got this what you say.
That choice fits that whackens really bitch.
She's a part of fun.
Don't look back from the radio.
All the mission from lies.
You'll be allowed to show.
I thought I was hangin' with her open.
Is that what fire's been called?
On the foot, they thought she's able.
To take them all on one by one.
Oh my god.
Always think.
Just set that picture away.
That choice fits that stinkin' stinky bitch.
We hate you, George.
And by the way, I just figured out it's a trifecta man.
The evil trifecta.
You know how the asses of evil at your present
was talking about once upon a time.
We got our own asses of evil at Triple J Club.
Jolly Joe, Joyce, and Josh Dero.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
That's right on the answer.
I don't.
Try add.
The evil try add, baby.
See, I have to say Josh Dero.
Because if I say Josh Dero, he's always thinkin' I'm Josh.
Just quarters now, just because you know.
I wouldn't do that.
He's my little boy.
Your love monkey.
261 votes on the new poll, which means he got way over 1600 today.
I mean, we cheated, of course.
We not only had two polls, but the first one we started about six months ago or something like that.
But that's okay.
Maybe there ought to be an investigation.
I don't know what it is, but I feel so much better not having even wasted one phone call that I take one early on.
I don't think so, did I?
I don't think he did.
Very positive I did not.
If he did, I forgot.
Well, most of them are pretty unforgettable.
Anyway, let's get to this very sad news.
And of course, it's almost lifeable having just come back from hamsterdom and from places and even here.
Like where civilized people generally seem to rule.
And the religious nuts, you know, there are some of them around, but generally speaking they're giving the old raspberry.
Arling in Germany.
For the past two months, the Busseckros family has been fighting a court battle to begin custody of their 15-year-old daughter Melissa.
German police took her from her home here and placed her in a psychiatric ward.
The reason she was being homeschooled, which violates Germany's compulsory education law.
I think that's a fine idea.
Melissa's plight has struck a court with US evangelicals who often see homeschooling as a way to instill Christian values, aka brainwashing with nonsense with chazarai.
American evangelical groups have rushed to the families aid providing legal counsel and lobbying the German parliament.
Many American Christians have reached out to the Busseckros family who now have two wicker baskets stuffed with hundreds of letters from supporters.
Two wicker baskets is not exciting.
It reminds us that we're not alone that there are people standing behind us and giving us the striked-of-fights in Melissa's mother, Gludrune.
The Busseckros case is emblematic of the growing effort by US-Goyam Christian legal organizations to take the so-called Culture War overseas.
Pushing back against a perceived assault on their values by an increasingly secular society, thank God.
The groups are striving to influence European law, and this is ranging from homeschooling to stem cell research to gain marriage, of course.
A few recent examples include these.
In Britain, the Alliance Defense Fund, the ADF and organization founded by American evangelical leaders, is funding a lawsuit brought in by a Christian man who was fired for refusing to work on Sunday.
It's also happening to develop a legal strategy in the case.
In Sweden, ADF played a key role in persuading the Supreme Court there to dismiss charges against Ake Green.
I wonder if he's akin to Ake Berge used to play for the Leafs' stunk.
The dismiss charge against Ake Green, a pastor, was convicted of hate crime charges after he delivered a sermon in which he called Gays a deep cancerous tumor in the entire society.
In Sweden, no less.
In Aruba and the Czech Republic, Pat Robertson's legal organization, the American Center for Law and Justice, ACLJ, helped defeat bills that would have legalized same-sex unions.
In France, in your pants, ACLJ affiliate, the European Center for Law and Justice, is staging a legal challenge against an anti-sec law that says it's being used to clamp down evangelical Christian churches and on the European Union level, each ACLJ is lobbying the block funding for embryonic stem cell research.
It's not bad enough that the God Squad, the lunatics, the maniacs, the flat earth society, it's not bad enough that they're poisoning the air in America and creating more brainwashed lunatics.
That's not bad enough.
Now they want to export it to a Europe.
And you know what most of the Europeans are going to tell them?
You know what they're going to say?
What?
Coxa Hoys.
That's what they're going to say.
And of course they're going to not understanding either.
They're going to say, oh thank you, have a nice day or whatever they're going to.
Who knows what they're going to say?
Pathetic.
Just pathetic.
See that's one good thing, except in the art city, most going to understand to much English unless they listen to the legend during the Aragios show.
That's why this is a tremendous service that we provide here.
Speaking of English on the radio in South Florida, where all the old Jews are probably dead now anyway, or moved to Boka.
And they hate me like Poison in the first place.
Now what's that all about?
That used to be my audience.
And then of course I started picking on them because they were aberrant, grotesque, unseptical behavior.
And the whole early bird mentality and the fact that they were like opening up their neighbor's mail and doing grotesque unacceptable things.
And screaming about their neighbor's grandkids coming visiting, but if their own grad kids came to visit and tore the condo apart, it was okay.
Stuff like that.
All of these things.
And then they decided that I was a bad guy.
Now I'm an old fart and guess what?
I'm not like them.
I still am not like that.
I'm never going to be like that.
If I thought I was going to be one of those condo-commando types, I'd pull a choke right now.
I go out and kill a bunch of people and blow my brains out.
Would you be a condom commando?
I'd be a condo commando.
That's correct.
Or a condom commando.
271 votes are our second poll of the day.
I would use a public bathroom only for emergencies winning way ahead everybody else.
143.
Why is that?
Why does it have to be, see I ever understand emergency?
I know a real emergency.
You know what I mean?
I mean there's having to go and there's like, oh, I mean, you know, no holding back now.
Like Cornita's brother and sister Rosetta, it's too late to turn back now.
Uh-oh.
You got that?
You know it.
Do you?
I think you've played it in the past.
That's a big song.
I'd say about 1972, 1971, 1974.
There it is.
I'm not really a big smash.
Cornita's brother is and sister Rosetta.
It was like a bunch of brother.
That was just, that was 72.
Oh, that's what I said in the first place, 72.
And then I covered my ass by seeing 71, 73, 70.
Now, give or take, 15 or 20.
What a nice toss.
You know, not too tight.
Sometimes too tight is not good.
Happy head of old.
That's right.
Well, they're not too tight.
How do you know?
I will only use, I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to go there.
Then you're going to start playing music by pink again.
I will use the public bathroom only for emergencies, 143.
Anytime, 84.
Anytime is obviously the answer for same people.
I mean, you've got to go just go on in there and have a good time.
That's all.
Pity up a little bit.
Don't leave a big mess behind.
Calm down in the party, start.
That sucks.
I will use the public bathroom only if it's clean 29.
That's right.
If you go in there, it's like, oh my god.
And if you walk in the door and it smells like a toilet in there, I'd run right out.
If you ever go into a public bathroom, you say, oh man, it smells like crap in here.
I'm not surprised.
Only if it's clean.
I have done that.
Now I think to myself, where are you?
You moron.
You silly old fag.
I would use the public bathroom only if it's clean 31.
Only if it's empty 8.
If there's nobody else around, I'll sneak in there and do my business and race right out.
I never go in public bathroom as 4 and I will only use my own bathroom as 3 out of 278.
I'm telling you, there's a lot of, you know, I mean not a lot.
What percentage have we got?
About 2.5% that are very picky about where they're going to do the business.
And I still say no matter what anybody would tell me.
Using your own tea room at the house is so much preferable.
Like for example there, in that radio station.
Now that's a place that nobody, I mean in the right mind.
You know what?
And of course you go there every morning, at least once, sometimes 2, 3, 15, 20 times.
Am I right?
Right.
I was never crazy, but I mean obviously there were times when nature was calling,
especially with all the damn food that we used to eat there all the time.
But it's just not that good.
Hey, the love monkey himself is here.
And who's that?
You're a little boy.
You're a little boy.
You're a little boy.
You're a little boy.
You're a little boy.
You're a little boy.
You're a little boy.
You're a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
I'm a little boy.
No, no.
There's something up on the mic.
I don't know what can I say.
Should I be flattered?
They're want to be you, Zeta?
Yeah, I got a pretty good life, you know?
Maybe they want a piece of that Russian girlfriend you got.
Tell you the reason why I'm that.
Dibs.
Yeah.
I already called it.
I mean, with all due respect, I don't think they really want to be you.
That's not a shot.
I mean, there will be nothing wrong with being you,
but I wouldn't mind being you,
because only because I'd be like 41 years younger.
Oh god, if I had 41 more years and knew what I know now,
And that's what everybody always says.
If I was only 20 again and knew what that, yeah.
But of course, it doesn't work that way.
Because when you're 20, you think you know everything
and you really don't know much of anything.
And of course, you as a lady, you find out, oh, Jesus,
if I'd only done this and done that and done this one
and whatever.
But you're doing OK.
So I'll take care of that today.
You don't have to be bashful OK.
If you want some of that IRS money, it's all in the bank already.
No, it's all that Reverend money.
That's right.
I'll send you a nice, sorry.
So just put another zero in that case then.
I just got a really good idea.
How about putting all zero?
How about that?
You know, there's a little expression.
There's a game show that used to be on called Press Your Lock.
And that's what I think you're doing right now.
I wouldn't push my lock, OK?
So I'll take care of you.
And so is this a serious thing?
Your dog's operation is just like kind of routine.
You know, he's not like his life isn't in danger.
But I had to take it to get drained twice.
And the guy, oh, geez, you shouldn't have said that.
The guy was like, you can keep coming back here every month.
You had to get drained twice.
Oh, that guy's got the hospital there.
He's probably getting emotional here.
The only way to get rid of it is to have a little surgery.
Yeah.
And how much is the surgery?
$1200.
Oh, no problem.
I'll cover it.
Well, just if you send me your check, I got it, man.
I got that.
I'll cover it.
You're very nice.
Thank you.
What's wrong with that?
That just goes to show you what kind of a great guy I am.
A bench for all seasons.
That is right.
I'll take care of it.
I can handle it.
Now, Wayne, what's your story?
You're, what did you say something about your gland is swollen or something?
My story?
No, I'm talking to Josh who's still.
Oh.
It is gland was swollen.
All right.
It is.
What?
Look, I said it's 114.
It's 116.
I'm going to get out of here if you want.
If you value that check, it's almost, it's almost written out.
Man, it is written.
I'm just saying it's in the good book.
It is written.
Somewhere it says it.
You get a lot of it.
All right.
The Deer Rogers, our sports hall radio, WQA.
Who is this man you have brought to perform here?
His name is Jesus.
I say these King of the Jews.
Step forward, Mr. Jesus.
King of the Jews.
Oh.
Look what you've done.
You've got your chocolate in my peanut butter.
What have you say for yourself?
You, my son, have got your peanut butter in my chocolate.
For this you shall be crucified.
A man that punishes another man without tasting his heirs as a man who reacts with haste.
Well, then allow me to...
Mmm.
Hey.
Water girl's was quite good.
Mmm.
And mine is of great deliciousness as well.
I think we're on to something here.
The delicious taste of chocolate and peanut butter.
Two great things to take straight together.
Peanut butter cups.
One 19, man.
I can't stand peanut butter and candy.
I cannot stand it.
Caca.
Yeah, like Reese's peanut butter cup.
You know what I do like and I don't see them anywhere anymore.
Well, let's not get started on candy again.
Please.
Mallow cups.
Yeah.
Are they ready?
Yeah.
They are?
Get out of here.
Not here, they're not.
Good.
Mallow cups.
They got that nice creamy marshmallow inside.
Real hard chocolate on the outside.
And then they got that nice marshmallow and the inside.
Mmm.
Now that would be good.
To like heat up in the, uh, and nuke it a little bit, you know.
Get all the chocolate melted into that marshmallow.
And then like put that in some rocky root ice cream to a three of them.
Hahaha.
Wouldn't that be good?
That would be nauseated.
And I want, why can't we do these things?
See, if Dr. Gupta is such a freaking expert there on CNN,
which he makes me want to puke, uh, why does he need to tell us how we can do these things
without getting fat and diabetic and really sick and dying and really enjoy it?
Because, you know, there's some people, they can take it or leave it when it comes to food, you know.
Yeah, not too many people, but there's some like that.
Can't stand those people.
Oh, I'm just out of food first, you know.
Kind of people have to almost force to eat like Karen Carpenter, that kind of thing.
And then there are the rest of us who are basically gluttonous, who have, you know.
I mean, I could probably eat a gallon of ice cream and a sitting.
If I weren't inhibited by my diabetes and the fact that it would probably give me a stroke and kill me,
I could probably do it.
I'm just, I'm just admitting it, okay?
It takes a big man, really big.
Maybe as big as the hump.
How much ice cream do you think he could back away?
I don't think I don't know.
I mean, the only time I ever had dinner with Hank, I think was at Poppano Park one time.
I believe, I mean, it may have been other occasions, but I think that's the one I can remember.
And I, I don't recall it being a dessert guy.
I think he's more like a meat and potatoes kind of guy.
A lot of it, you know what I mean?
Like a lot of meat and a lot of potatoes and a lot of maybe like pasta.
Bostilla pasta, maybe it's spam for diabetics.
Bostilla pasta.
That's another good reason not to become diabetica.
A little lecture from grandma and Neil on the ear right here now.
Don't do it.
Can you imagine giving a pasta and pizza?
And what about the mister?
You're going to be diabetics.
You don't have to cramp.
You might be already.
Are you?
No.
How do you know that?
You know what your blood sugar is?
Because when I went to the doctor, he didn't say I was diabetic or close to it.
Did he take your blood sugar?
Did they do blood tests?
Correct.
And what's your blood sugar?
I don't remember.
That was a compliment.
See, this is what bothers me about America boys and girls.
This is one of the many things that bothers the living crap out of me.
Now, you know, or nearly a guy you're age, what about 30?
31.
31.
Or nearly a guy 31 wouldn't probably worry about going to the doctor and getting a blood test
for his blood sugar and all these other things.
But in your case, having been gigantic, I mean fat for a long time.
And now still being fairly, I would say hefty.
Would that be a good way to put it?
By the way, wasn't that nice to me to cover that thing for Josh Corbin?
That was a very nice idea.
And you know I'm going to do it.
Of course.
I'm going to put the air into the cup.
Yeah.
And they're starting to cover up.
It's not so much for him.
It's for his little drug.
You know, that's a little drug.
What's the first thing you're going to do?
What's the first thing you're going to do?
If it was for his cat, I would tear the checkup right now.
I haven't even written it yet.
I'd throw my checkbook out the window if it was for a cat.
Do you think that I would help a guy spend money for a cat?
In addition to which, what kind of a guy would he be if he had a cat?
How about a good kiff cat?
We got a good bid on that, but we can't play it anymore.
Yeah, I know.
It's called, what would you do for a Schmidt cat?
It's still in there as a matter of fact.
Oh, there's those surely cute liquor bits we never play.
And you want to know why?
They're long and not that good.
They're funny.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's a...
I don't think I can find that, the Schmidt cat.
Really?
Although I do have that.
Let me get out.
What's the name of that thing?
It's including both the suds and the baths.
I don't.
What's important to a man?
Yeah, while we don't want to hear what's important to this man.
Anyway, 305 votes on the pool.
So, yeah, 305, you got 1661.
You know what we're going to get?
We're going to get 1,700 a day.
Now, guarantee you, I will guarantee them, even though we're doing it like kind of half-assed,
you know.
We're cheating a little bit.
We're a little creative arithmetic here.
What's wrong with that?
I think we're reprimated, aren't we?
Mm-hmm.
Three or?
We just made that up.
I just made it up.
And like I said before, since I'm the one that's making the rules up on the show, not jolly, joe, bell, or certainly that jackass clearance who says to George,
couldn't you talk some sports on the air when you're doing the show?
You know, I know you would make something like that, but I still find it hard to believe you.
Oh, it was a long time ago.
What? About six weeks?
Yeah.
Now, how long ago was that?
Years that was when I was still doing the show with Jo.
And he said to you that you should be talking sports.
It's not in those words when we were discussing what I do talk about, he said, but not sports.
Yeah, don't talk about religion because that offense will have a lot of people to talk about.
Sure.
That would be offensive to people who are talking about the 285 pound linebacker from a West punk satowni state who's got a big bulbous growth on his nose or whatever the hell that's all about.
See, what they don't realize is that NFL grass coming up with me.
What is it, Saturday the 28th, whatever the hell it is?
Correct.
Once that's over with, nobody cares anymore because it's a long way to tipperary.
Isn't that where Bush was speaking today at some punk satowni tipperary, some horseball place, and they were all sitting there, oh, Mr. President, you such a murderer and whatever.
Pathetic.
That's America for you, man.
But your limits.
26 past one.
We're going to start talking sports on the show.
Not.
I'll tell you that right now.
The day that we start talking sports on the show will be over my dead body, over my ashes and a shoebox.
Because I heard it's your boy, Dougal Klingoffard.
In Columbus, you know, it's funny because the Rimman, did I tell you a rumor called here a couple weeks ago?
No, you didn't.
Well, maybe that's why I was a little bit down there for a few days.
I think it was the day before I went away on vacation and wouldn't you know what?
He could spoil a wet dream that guy.
Anything.
He could just screw it up.
And while Doug's going to fight out if Doug McClang got fired in Columbus, which means they're going to pay him off, the poor he sure did, did they make the playoffs?
No, no.
Did they stink?
Yes.
Yeah, let's get some more old guys like Sergey Fedorov and if you don't start with that hockey talk, I actually had a guy on the MySpace thing earlier today sent me a question about the Panthers and the Longotranals.
And I give him an answer.
I answered him.
See, one thing about me.
And by the way, welcome back, Mike from FSU.
There's a good kid.
Well, the work that I did for him, man, this is the kind of guy that I am.
I don't want to pat myself on the back and, you know, do a lot of stuff at Grand Dice.
I've been put out to it anyway because Mike is going to go to study in London for like six weeks for six weeks.
You find me?
Mm-hmm.
You care about this or not?
No.
In May.
And, of course, I told him of what he's going to be in London.
You've got to go to Amsterdam.
That's one of his lifelong ambitions.
If you were a 20-year-old college student, would you want to take a buddy and go to Amsterdam?
You bet.
Yeah.
And so I did a lot of research for him finding cheap hotels and ways to get there.
And I worked my brains out.
He knows I didn't.
But I did a little bit of homework for him and sent him some good advice.
And he's back on there today.
He might.
You're okay, kiddo.
He's from Cooper City, by the way.
You know Mike from FSU.
You better.
What's wrong?
You're starting to get from me to do all of our pyzons out there.
All five or six of them.
Yeah, sure.
I'll pretend to know what you're talking about.
Right.
I'm saying that.
Oh, because you will never, ever, ever have a career in singing.
It happens to be the biggest idol jump.
His hair is worse than Donald Trump's fungi.
What a jump!
He's just a misunderstood little boy.
He's still on the show his it love.
But that's the wrong day.
That's his sub-thang-jai.
You suck!
He's terrible.
He's a highly intelligent social path who is no fear of dying.
I know.
Maybe he's just acting stupid to infiltrate a gang of international idiots.
He's those jumps and the cattle admit that if the winds and Simon will quit fungi.
He took me to the disaster's fungi.
I hate you!
He's irritating in the media hall.
His voice sounds like nails on a truck for fungi.
I hate that guy.
The disaster's fungi.
He was just weird.
He can't dance and he can't sing.
Look at his head.
What is that thing's fungi?
He's that guy.
The disaster's fungi.
I'm beginning to hate that guy.
I see that guy.
Everybody hates.
Yeah, that's me.
133.20702.
We got mad dog coming up at 2.
The power hour was hanking the mad dog together.
4 to 5.
Now, have you missed any calls today?
Do you think that we needed any help?
I don't think so.
I think we needed to go through.
We got a great mic.
I'm sure today I give us an A+.
Us, including even Josh Cordes, who came in graduation in degradation.
I forgot to congratulate him on dropping his cell phone on the toilet.
Maybe I should deduct the cost of the cell phone from that 12-hundred bucks.
Maybe you got it for free anyway.
I think I should add on the cost of it anyway.
No, I think it's a company phone anyway.
Oh, on that case, congratulations, Josh.
He's alright.
He's a good kid.
I don't have any emotional feelings, even though he loves me like crazy.
Remember that one I told you?
He's a remistigist tongue on my pants and my throat.
326 votes on the poll.
Now, what does that give us here?
326.
And what?
Oh, see, I don't have the right...
Oh, boy, that's not good.
Oh, here we go.
1356.
And 326.
And the people are saying, what is he adding in 1682?
Oh, we got 1700, Lichtman.
Chris is really...
He's flexing his muscles now.
He's going to be running around there.
We got over 1700 because I was running the show today.
You know what you're saying?
I'm going to talk to him.
I'm going to talk to him.
I'm going to talk to him.
I'm going to talk to him.
I'm going to talk to him.
I'm going to talk to him.
Josh, I mean, Josh Dero.
Yeah, Dero.
One of the evil triads, the J-people.
Not the Jew people, the J-people.
What do you people think anyway?
We got Josh Dero and Jolly Joe Bell.
And then we got Joyce.
Oh, God.
I can smell it.
Speaking of the smell in a turlid.
Oh, I can smell it all the way up here.
You know it's coming from down there.
From Naples.
From Napoli.
Naples is not one of those places I really want to go in Italy.
You know, I still want to...
I guess someday maybe Vinatiel, but that's things two of those canals.
But I hear Sirento is really beautiful.
I'd never been.
I'd like to come back to Sirento.
Of course, you can't come back if you never were there in the first place.
But...
And I also want to go to Sicilia.
Maybe I want to go to Palermo and Corleone.
Isn't that something why the hell would anybody want to go to Corleone?
Unless they were like Godfather intensive, right?
Who have ever heard of Corleone?
They've got nice trottoree as there or something.
I would think so.
You show me a place in Italy that doesn't have a good trottoree.
And I'll show you a place that's in on the map.
So anyway, somebody sent this in.
And of course, I love when they block out their name.
Oh, it looks where it's from.
It's from the University Dodge.
Can you explain this to me?
No, you look at the top of this facts.
It's got the name of them MD.
You see that?
I'm not going to read the name on here.
And if you look at the bottom of the facts, it's facts from University Dodge.
So I guess the original facts came from this doctor.
And then they sent it to their buddy, their president at University Dodge.
Which other than selling cars, they spent all day over there like faxing us.
Which is fine.
They sent us some good stuff once in a while.
And maybe a poll every now and then.
Anyway, here it is.
It says, speaking of peeing, somebody wrote on here.
Two women friends had gone for girls night out.
Both were very faithful and loving wives.
However, they had gotten over enthusiastic on the Vicarity Breezers, incredibly drunk
and walking home they needed to pee.
So they stopped in the cemetery.
One of them had nothing to wipe with.
So she thought she would take off her panties and use them.
Her friend, however, was wearing a rather expensive pair of panties and didn't want to ruin them.
She was lucky enough to squat down next to a grave that had a wreath with a ribbon on it.
So she proceeded to wipe with that.
After the girls did their business, they proceeded to go home.
The next day one of the women's husbands was concerned that his normally sweet and innocent wife was still in bed hung over.
So we phoned the other husband and said, these girls nights out have got to stop.
I'm starting to suspect the worst. My wife came home with no panties.
That's nothing said the other husband.
Mine came back with a card structure where Aston said, from all of us at the fire station, we'll never forget you.
That's got to cute no matter who it was really from.
War old doctor.
Now let's see what do we need there?
I keep losing the right page.
If I write it down in front of me here instead of being some kind of a jackass, I can't help being a jackass.
1394 or 17, what is it? 1694.
We need six more votes for 1700 and then it's about 20 minutes to go.
With no phone calls, by the way, I have that thing turned off.
I guarantee I'm not thinking, what are you going to do tomorrow?
You've got to do the show tomorrow.
You're going to be taking calls tomorrow.
Right.
Why was that?
Because I don't read too good.
How much have I read today? I haven't read a lot of stuff.
Well, you got me to talk to. I got Chris.
Was that a shot?
I think you guys were binding here a little while back.
I thought you were ganging up on me.
I had a line there, but we'll just let it go.
We'll mix it up.
I'll say it to my face. You'd rather say it behind my back.
Of course. That's right. Just wait.
It's the George Rodriguez F and Wade.
I'm sorry. I didn't bother me.
Nice big paycheck.
What's the date today?
There's the 19th.
I think early next week there'll be another big fat paycheck.
This one a really big fat one.
Andy IRS tax refund came back.
I don't mind talking about money.
Money isn't everything but boy,
it's sure better having it than not.
It's not everything.
If I had to choose between having money and not,
I'll take the money.
Yeah, but what I'm going to do right at two o'clock,
tell you what I'm going to do.
I'd like to be around to you used to say.
Tell you what I'm going to do.
Roll up your sleeves.
That big snows and that silly hat coming up his ball spot.
Not.
I'm going to sit down at two o'clock.
I'm going to sit right down and write myself a letter.
Remember that by Billy Williams Trio or whoever did it?
Billy Williams at quartet, whoever did that.
You got that?
I'm going to sit right down and write myself.
And you heard that?
I'm going to sit right down and blow your brains out if you don't cut the crap.
By the Billy Williams Trio or quartet or quintet or somebody.
Not the Billy Williams they used to play for the Cubs.
Oh, that's a sports thing.
I'm sorry.
You got it?
I bet you don't have it.
I don't have it.
I'm going to sit right down.
Anybody want to make that check out for Josh?
I'm going to run over the mailbox and pop it in the mail.
How's that?
I eat a letter too.
I'm going to pop it right in there.
A lot of pop it going on today and that pool, 345 votes.
I would use the public bathroom only for emergencies 178.
Anytime, 103.
The same people, 103.
I don't know which you're so uptight about.
What are you going to catch in there?
Like Ghana, Rio or some grotesque?
What's the big deal?
All these people think?
I'm going to catch them.
Yeah.
Yeah, well that's possible.
If it's really gross and unappetizing, of course nobody.
Unless it was like a major emergency.
Like it venues that time when I slowed off the toilet seat.
Because it was like hanging loose and the seat too.
I will use the public bathroom only if it's clean 45.
Only if it's empty 9.
I never go in public bathroom 6 and I can only use my own bathroom 4.
So I bring like a porta potty along with you.
Suck it in and hold it.
Kouku, baby, let's turn this mother out.
Puff the magic wrapper is on my TV.
No one heard of him before.
Oh, his name is Puff Daddy.
I said that's Puff the magic wrapper won't be here that long.
Not unless he learns to sing on the right of friggin' song.
I said, what the magic wrapper is all over MTV.
Only because someone shot no glorious B.I.G. that fat guy.
Maybe someone should tell him making it this way is wrong.
Pick a match or dead best friend.
Speak King plus ball.
Oh, still doggy doggy dog.
On the part.
145.
I got a very amusing thing to tell you in a second here.
Okay.
I don't know if it's amusing or said.
I'll let you know.
You're not fooling anybody wacky one out there.
You're not fooling nobody when you're a Ethan picture in your Christopher name.
All this other very, very, just amazing.
I think what he's trying to tell the world is.
I have no line.
Right.
Billy Goat has the facts here.
He says, I have a few things to get off my chest.
Well, good.
First, I wish you'd take some calls.
No, not today.
I can't help but think that your cranks are a bunch of chau-sum wheeze waiting to explode and your therapy.
Well, guess what?
They're not taking over the show, okay?
I'm not turning my show over to half of the dozen morons.
Including Jolly Jo Bell.
Well, maybe if Neil would screen it, you know nothing about this show or what we do on this show.
You know nothing about the Neil Roger show, Jolly Jo.
Take your fat ass and get out of my face.
Then, Billy Goat says, second, cats are very unique pets that even the ancient Egyptians praise.
And anyone who own one might actually have a higher intellect than just some dog owner.
Oh yeah.
If you own a cat, you've got a higher intellect right.
Except for cat ladies, it says.
And third, if you're going to hate Miami, I can hate your polls, it's Billy.
And what we hate, I need Billy Goat.
So guess what?
I just went under my space show page.
And I see a thing there and it says, Chris Christopher.
Remember Christopher, from not that long ago, your close first little friend.
Right, right.
Who was sending it, Gwen, who had a different interest and who hacked our page in the whole deal.
Christopher was also and much of other misfits.
And anyway, it's the only problem with that is, well I'm back, somebody hacked my page, but Bapabal, you thought I was a spammer.
Well guess what? It's not Christopher's picture though. It's Ethan.
Oh.
You were Ethan?
Yeah.
He turned out to be the wacky one. You know, I don't want to say wacky Jackie, who turned out to be somebody whose problem is.
I have no laugh.
So I immediately blocked it and deleted it and got rid of it.
No chance, Jack. Just go find some other hobby.
Okay.
Well, Ethan, my ass session is a dangerous thing.
Isn't that pathetic?
I mean, how stupid. How stupid could anybody think I'm like, I wouldn't forget that medium picture?
You know, the semi-nude picture of Ethan from Nova, who is also Chris, who is also a wacky Jackie, who is also somebody out there.
We just go away.
365 or four votes on the toilet pool.
The story about the woman accusing Mother with acts after her argument.
Well, I have to admit my pull, but I don't have time for it.
But thanks for everything I already got it.
It's just, it's not that it was in the paper, you know?
Yeah, local news.
John Nichols writes in the nation, impete's chaining first question mark?
I would say, all right.
Good start.
In Vietnam.
Yeah, that's where you belong.
It's no secret that Ohio Congressman Dennis Cassinic has been touring with the idea of moving articles of impeachment against the member of the Bush administration.
And he appears to be focusing more and more of his attention on the man that many activists around the country see as the ripest target for sanctioning vice president Dick Cheney.
Despite House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's efforts to convince Democrats to keep presidential accountability off the table,
who sentences just one of many House Democrats who have acknowledged in recent days that they're hearing the call for action loud and clear from their constituents and from grassroots activists across the country.
I get one call after another and saying, saying impeach the president says Congressman John Murtha, Democrat of Pennsylvania.
Congresswoman Diane Watson, Democratic California says, constituents in Los Angeles are saying impeachment.
I'm hearing that more and more and more and more.
For Senate's for his part, it's sent more signals than anybody else in the caucus about his interest in raising accountability issues.
A congressman who's broken with Pelosi on issues relating to the funding of the war in Iraq has been blood about his frustration with the caution of Congress when it comes to addressing executive excess.
This House cannot avoid its constitutionally authorized responsibility to restrain the abuse of executive power he told the House last month, adding that impeachment may well be the only remedy which remains to stop a war of aggression against Iran.
Around the same time and led it to support as of his anti-war bit for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination, Kucinich asked if it was time to put impeachment on the table. The response was an overwhelming yes.
Earlier this week, according to media reports, Kucinich emailed House colleagues with a note that began, and tend to introduce articles of impeachment with respect to the conduct of Vice President Cheney.
Kucinich put the plan on hold after the Virginia Tech shooting massacre, but the general expectation is that he'll raise the issue a new after a decent interval.
Cheney's office sees no grounds for impeachment. The Vice President had nearly 40 years of government service and done so in honorable fashion since Megan McGinn, Cheney's deputy press secretary, McGinn got that line out with a straight face, John Nichol says.
Americans who are not on the Vice President's payroll are inclined to recognize Cheney's manipulation of intelligence prior to the Iraq war, his active role in going after administration, critic Joe Wilson and his wife Valerie Plain, and his ongoing links to the Halliburton War Propheterian Cartel as arguments against giving the Vice President any prizes for Honorable Government service.
Impeachment activists have a recent month's push and impeach Cheney's first message in part to counter the complaint that impeaching Bush would put an even darker figure in charge.
Of course, going after the most powerful Vice President in history as consequences as well, and the unlikely event that Cheney were removed from office, one line of reasoning goes, Bush would for the first time find himself in charge.
Then they would fear us. Then we'd be in, you think we're in trouble now. You ain't seen nothing yet. By the blue, the blue's magos, wasn't that it? You ain't seen nothing yet?
I think so. Let's hear some. I'd call on me your records. I do believe. Oh George might just have it in his pile in his heap. You're buying a heap. You ain't seen nothing yet. Blue's magos. Where is it? Got it? Looking for it. Oh, no. Don't got it. Are you sure? You're positive? Are you sure? You scoured the Alibary? I'm trying to get alphabetical. Here it is. There you go.
That's we ain't got nothing yet. Oh, sorry. That's why I used first search to turn into nothing.
I'm on set you're on the left, so that's the thing that I'm taking on the kind of place where all your heads are moving around. I'm on the road to see you off the end of the five and say this. So where we going now? We'll be in the evening.
Well first you're gonna have to listen to Ethan.
Oh, I guess how many friends he's got. Three? No. 101. Guess what his friend's name is. I give up. He begins with a T.
Terry. T-O-M-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-Oh my God. Talk about desperate. Talk about I have absolutely no life whatsoever. But that's what makes it fun. Fun for the people on. I've adopted a whole new altitude about it now.
Because there are the real people on there, which there are about a half it doesn't that I can't really with pretty damn regular. And then there are the other people and some of more okay and some of more like like you were talking before earlier in the show. Crazy. Crazy people are dangerous. Like no mistake about it.
370 votes were over dimension. We went over 17. Just to put a little feather and Chris is earlobe there.
I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am
I am. I am. I am. I am.
Showing for a COVID vote
Question-shocking, do you took them now?
I wanna stop!
The post-stop-stop!
Gain to them the grand
The post-stop-stop!
New exit's for command
The post-stop-stop!
In the COVID-held land
The post-stop-stop!
The post-stop-stop!
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
The post-stop-stop!
The post-stop-stop!
Gain to them the grand
The post-stop-stop!
New exit's for command
The post-stop-stop!
In the COVID-held land
The post-stop-stop!
The post-stop-stop!
The post-stop-stop!
Go to the trap!
Go to the trap!
Go to the trap!
See that fades for like 17 seconds, probably out of delete the...
Bye bye bye!
