But I'm next meal!
Enjoy!
No person that has a lot of other things to do tonight, but you get permission to
have to be sure that you'll be back again in the evening or whatever.
Whatever, whatever, whatever time jikers is on.
That's like what Joe Galton would do if I were to find you.
No, what you, you am.
You're right.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Holiday Firearms, Accessories and Train Friday night is where the ladies with no range
meet located in the warehouses west of 95 Southside of Pemberg Road, 31 30 Southwest
19th Street in Pemberg Park, a American range gunshot, always on target.
Have you ever heard the phrase those who understand interest collected and those who don't
pay it?
That's as true today as it's ever been.
You're being told that deaths and interest rates are rising but no one offers any real
solution.
So, if you're tired of paying interest to the banks, call Cronus Capital at 305-569-9969.
You did a lot of things.
Five!
With your Rogers on sports hall radio, we'll you to AF!
There back your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia, Shanana with their greatest hits album, Sakaapat the Citigaw.
My rarebodies, Sakaapat the Citigaw, the Citigaw, the Citigaw, the Citigaw.
Yes, Russia, Shanana and I is re-formed to bring you 12 kosher guts of hot-set Hebrew
Higgets.
That guy is good for you.
This album should be in every orthodox rocker's collection.
Rolling stone gets it five stars of David.
I wonder wonder wonder who wrote the book of joy.
Sakaapat the Citigaw, you from Russia, Shanana, available in all records shorts, we'll
come right when you get here.
Don't pass over this album.
We're too bad we didn't have the tape rolling when PD Lenny was in there doing that profanity
lace sit down their comedy before the show.
Anyway, it's a short show today.
It's the Wednesday, September number dosa and it's a short show because we got a Marlin
game.
I think this has got to be the last one, isn't it?
One of these early deals.
I don't know.
That's too bad.
That's sad.
Oh, it's really sad.
Not as sad as the Marlins all day.
One game last night.
Am I right, Chris?
13, 8 or something?
That is very sad.
It's a short one like that.
Well, Halle, Looia.
The Marlins finally won a game.
This is still a minor deep and last place in their division and they still suck.
But nevertheless, and they're going across the street next season, to which we say,
Halle, Looia again.
By the way, you're illiterate Joel.
Joel Feinberg and Joel Bell have been emailing back and forth a bunch of childish juvenile
crap about Joel's guest appearance on the phone on this show a couple of times.
And it's embarrassing, especially when the general mangroor, when a spoiled rich kid,
can't even spell infomercial and spells it with a T.
Oh my God.
Jesus, what an idiot.
But I guess, you know, when you got a rich daddy, you don't have to be smart, right?
Right?
When you rather be rich than smart, right?
Especially when somebody else is money.
A Miami woman who was a former contestant on the reality show Top Chef was beaten by
attackers yelling anti-gay slurs, or lawyer, say yesterday.
This was in C-cliff, New York.
Josie Smith-Malave.
Am I saying that right?
Okay.
A lesbian who was featured on Season 2 of the Bravo Channel show Top Chef was among a small group
of women asked to leave a C-cliff bar over Labor Day weekend.
Lawyer Yeta Kurlin said, Hey Yeta!
Yeah, happy New Year Yeta.
About 10 young people followed the women out and began screaming anti-gay apathas, spitting
on them and then beating them Kurlin said, wow.
The women who had been on Long Island to attend a friend's birthday party suffered bruises
and one received injuries to her head.
One of them had a camera taken in the attack.
Smith-Malave, who was in her early 30s, is openly gay, Kurlin said.
Her sister, who was straight, was also beaten.
Well, I guess just built by association.
Smith-Malave is a former suce chef.
What is a suce chef?
A suce chef.
What is that?
I want to say it's like they do like sauces and stuff, I think?
For the Marla's restaurant and Brooklyn, she's played for the New York Sharks of the Independent Women's Football League.
You're fairies.
Nassau County fully said that when investigating they declined to provide details of incident.
Kurlin said she hoped the attackers would be caught and prosecuted on felony hate crime charges.
You best stop it, Rousseau.
How do you like that?
Suce Chef is the assistant to the head chef.
Oh, so you're totally wrong.
Yeah, I was totally wrong.
Well, yeah, it was a good guess though.
It sounded very authoritative like you knew what you were talking about.
A fast slot like you doesn't know about like gourmet cooking.
That's for damn sure.
Or me.
Senator Barack Obama will confer the withdrawal of all US troops from Iraq and Iowa today.
Let me be clear, he will say.
There is no military solution in Iraq and there never was.
According to advance remarks from the speech, the best way to protect our security is to pressure Iraq's leaders to resolve their civil war.
Immediately, we begin to remove our combat troops.
Not in six months or one year, but now.
Now, we want the troops out now.
But, I think he's going to say today.
You go, Barack.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
We better talk fast because 1230 were out of here for the Marlin pregame show.
Let's take a look at that schedule here.
Marlins on Drek at 1230.
Marlins against the Washington Nance.
Right up the street there at the stadium at 105.
Whether it's permitting.
And it looks like it's going to be a game.
You know what I mean?
And what did I tell you, George?
They're playing early because it's Russia's show that sundown tonight.
Great.
Well, I don't want to offend the 4050 Jews who show up to the games.
And there's like 40 or 50 Julios.
And there are a bunch of ushers and people who get lost homeless people.
The hopper follows the Marlin game.
Wow. What an assignment there.
That is like following that air.
Then we got Miami Dolphins all accessed from seven o'clock to nine.
Game night with Eddie Kaye and I had a midnight and then, you know,
what does that mean?
Game night with Eddie Kaye.
What game is tonight?
Is it like a game all of that all the time at night?
Just that locally.
Or just not ours.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Here's the poor result from yesterday.
Nothing yield as killed the calls.
Which chronic collar will you miss the most?
1195 votes on this poll.
I hate them all.
Wins hands down your pantaloonies, baby.
Not even close.
544.
44.5%.
You're reading numbers again.
You're mailing it in.
Oh.
I didn't even need the full stamp today when you only got a two and a half hour show.
You just, it's like a postcard.
It's great.
544 hate all the chronic colors.
Reverend Jones edged out Eddie, 121.
I do like that.
Can't imagine why.
He would sure get my vote.
What about you?
Sorry?
Eddie, 116.
That's Eddie.
John Ba, 109.
Edging out Gilbert, 106.
Gilbert kind of fell there.
He was in the leading of the pack.
We were right right up there near the top.
And he kind of had to let you fill.
Which means he'll probably be crying now.
I think the point.
Yeah.
Joel Feinberg, 51, a real major a-hole if there ever was one.
And let me say it again, Joel.
If you paid me quite a dupe of what they're paying me now,
I wouldn't work for you when you're sorry I sound fit.
And you're bushling piece of crap.
You're an idiot.
You're a moron.
Look up information from the dictionary.
Okay, there's no T in it.
You jackass.
Prozac Ron, 29.
He didn't do all that well.
We left him off and probably with good reason.
Hi.
Hi.
The Jesus Christ guy, 23.
He did okay.
Blind Mike, 22.
The You're mailing it in guy, 22.
The what did I do to you, Neil guy, 20?
The 25 cents slot guy, Solomon, they V.A.s, only 10.
The guy with the eyes, nine, who only wishes that David Cassidy were like 18 again.
And he could have ran, 17.
And he could have loped with him.
The S&P guy, nine.
Boy, the S&P went way up yesterday.
And the Yovon guy, only four.
Nobody even, I don't think most people even catch it.
You know, he doesn't just aggravate me because he's been doing it for like 20 years.
Do you know what I'm saying?
He does it with me too when I'm on it.
No, I know, but I'm just saying just doesn't, doesn't aggravate us because the audience don't even know what I'm doing.
Oh, none of them aggravate me.
I just hang up on them and dump them.
That's a thing.
And go on with long.
They don't aggravate me because I don't talk to them anymore.
I don't talk to them no more.
There will be no calls on the show while this fat asshole fag sits here doing the show.
No calls.
It's, it's past say.
It's in the past.
It's a concept that once upon a time worked really well, it doesn't work anymore.
It's garbage.
It's swill, especially in South Florida where the people never really had much to say in the first place about anything.
Hello, Dr. Dunn.
I have blue lips stock that Dunn, what should I do?
Here's today's poll.
And by the way, Brandon, your poll is on tomorrow.
Could bug him yet.
I already had factored and see that he even read my message yet.
He's all whining about, oh, you must not like me anymore.
He didn't put my polls into it.
Well, it's already going to be on for tomorrow.
And I had already factored to Eric before I got your whining email.
They're just relaxed, Brandon.
Calm down.
664 votes on today's poll.
I don't think we're going to get no thousand by game time, Chris.
Oh, all trucks.
I guess we'll have to stay on the whole two.
What do you think?
All right, you can stay on the other.
Which do you think we will see as President first?
A woman, 369.
See, this is basically the other's Barack Obama to do that.
Oh, sorry we missed the point in parts of this comment.
A woman, 369.
African American 125.
See, this indicates to me a racial bias there.
When you say, not that America is a bigoted racist country, which of course it is.
But then again, what country isn't?
See, the people voting might not be racist, but they might be presuming that everyone else is.
So therefore, maybe they're just a Hillary crowd.
I don't know whether this is really...
Maybe we'll have to do that poll on Friday.
Yeah, okay.
And we'll list all the candidates, including even the Unchist-Bald-Headed Fred Thompson.
A woman, 369.
An African American 125.
It's like almost three to one there.
None of them, 117.
I don't care about politics, 36.
And a gay man or woman, only 17.
So in other words, I guess Mark Foley and Charlie Chris will not be elected president in our lifetime.
Not a shame.
And neither will Larry Craig, I guess.
What about a buy?
I mean, Larry's got a wife, you know.
What about buy, openly bisexual?
What do you think?
Why not?
Something for everyone, you know?
He can really tell everybody.
This is what David Corn says on the nation.
This is short and sweet and to the point.
Patreus, I don't know if a Rack War makes U.S. safer.
He says, did General David Patreus today suggest that the war in Iraq may not make the U.S. safer?
During a second day of appearances on Capitol Hill, Patreus this afternoon appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee,
fortified with charts and graphs he presented the same,
were on the right course, pitchy delivered to the White to the House Armed Services and foreign affairs committees on Monday,
and it would be Senate Foreign Relations Committee this morning.
During a Q&A round at the Armed Services Committee, Senator John Warner, the Virginia Republican who used to cheer the committee,
and his call for beginning a disengagement in Iraq took a few sharp, albeit respectful jams at Patreus,
noting that one intelligence report after another has said that political reconciliation in Iraq could be a bridge too far.
He then asked Patreus a pointed question.
Do you feel that the Rack War is making America safer?
Patreus paused before responding.
He then said, I believe this is indeed the best course of action to achieve our objectives in Iraq.
That was a course in unanswered.
And Warner wasn't able to let the General Dodge the bullet he repeated the question,
does the Rack War make America safer?
Patreus replied, I don't know actually, I haven't sat down and sorted it in my mind.
Don't know, is it possible that the war is not making the US safer, but Patreus went on to note that he's taken into account the war's impact on the US military,
and that it's his job to recommend to the President the best course for reaching the objectives of the policy in Iraq.
And he did not say that the Rack War is essential to the national security of the US.
Warner didn't press the General any further on this point, the Senator's time was up.
This was quite a statement from the fellow who supposed to say Bush's war.
He advocates for suing Bush's course of action in Iraq, but can't attest that this effort is crucial for America's safety.
Is that being a good soldier? David Korn wants to know, let me say this to you.
That Korn should be special.
673 votes on the poll.
We'd sure like to get to like about 850 or something by the time the game starts.
We'd like to get to something, right Chris?
Yeah, of course, whatever that something would be.
And what we'd like to get to?
Plus 30.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised after the break if suddenly somebody snapped their fingers like,
oh my god, it's 1225.
Wow.
Wouldn't that be a shame?
No, no, no, no.
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air, because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David, who I get along with great.
I thought he called me and said I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard, maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening so I just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations, you know the private line number, that's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight, Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show.
David, don't leave it at that.
All right, I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else.
But it's over.
Me and you.
You can reach me on myself.
I'm spectacular is now willing to come out.
Larry Craig.
Republicans want you to go away.
I'm willing to fight.
What's your ego makes you try to stay?
No one believes in Larry Craig.
Stupidly.
If we shake my state a little bit.
I try to have a man and have to flee.
I'm tired of all your hypocrisy.
Oh Larry Craig.
Give up your seeds.
If you have to go then just go best you don't stay.
It is my intent to resign.
You did something wrong.
You don't belong now Larry Craig.
Larry Craig.
Give your meaning to the terms on it.
I'm gay and I get on this.
Your new office will be labeled man.
No one believes in Larry Craig.
No.
1019 and 560 WQ AM.
I got 205.
Marlins and the ennats coming up at 12 pregame, 1230 game time 105.
I head over to the stadium right now if I was you guys for real entertaining game.
It's active.
New one.
Okay see you later.
Daily pulp.
This is something on some blog.
I don't know.
I can't read who's it is.
We know who prints this crap.
I mean there's really good stuff about local radio.
But thank whoever is pretty is obviously a faxing it to us.
I would assume.
Jim DeFesey's to Fort Lauderdale question mark.
Wow.
Here are some really breaking radio news.
He says I'm hearing rumors from good sources that journalist Jim DeFesey's
veteran mommy reporter, the 4,000 pound kid who's no longer doing his radio show on W
Y and Z is headed to WFTLA 50.
Oh my God.
Which is based in Broward County.
It's stationed at the nobody listens to.
They got the man cow on there and they got the billow rider in there.
And nobody listens to any of the crap they put on.
They got like chairs.
The 50,000 watt signal stretches from Fort Pierce to Key West.
So while you folks have been lamenting the loss of the faxies in the comments below should
have some good news it says.
The big man should give the station some welcome balance from the usual right-wing
crap.
Spued by the likes of Bill O'Reilly, Michael Savage, Laura Ingramham, Dr. Laura and locals
like Kelly Mitchell, Joyce Kaufman, happy new year, Joyce.
Oh, I agree.
And it says more to come working on getting confirmation of reporting the details.
They've been lamenting the loss of Jim DeFesey's both of them.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
So, but I don't know what the blog really is.
The Daily Pulse.
Should I check that out during the next break?
If you wish.
Good luck, because I can't wait to read all those comments.
Because we're supposed to keep our thumb on the pulse of what's happening in South Florida
radio.
At the moment, we can't find one, but nevertheless, we ever do find the pulse relapse.
You know what?
It's pumping.
702 votes on our award-winning poll today.
What did I say we want to get in the next poll?
We can do a 50 easy.
By 1230 by the pregame show.
How's the weather looking?
Look out the window, guys.
That's right.
You don't have one.
Ask P.D. Lonnie.
He'll make up some crap.
Don't ever let him come in there again, please.
He's just, he's another beast, aka Robert Creeper.
His role in the building is to run around from room to room and stir up crap and start trouble.
Why they letting him back in there?
I have no idea.
Am I right?
Right?
That's all he does.
Is stir up negativity and hostility?
All the sales meetings they don't even talk about tend to too.
And Yahoo Sales Manager.
You know, this is another one of these guys.
The market is full of them.
Every market is full of them.
Radio sales holes.
They bounce from one station to another.
On and on.
I mean, you know, I've worked at a few stations, but generally speaking, several years at each one.
But I'm talking about people every few months there on another station, because they just keep bouncing around.
Like a rubber ball, like Bobby V would say.
You're like a rubber ball, P.D. Lonnie.
Go away.
And stop coming in there and trying to kiss my tochus.
It looks like there's some rain down south down Yandere.
There's some showers.
There's a little bit of clutter there.
So you have to know about that ground clutter.
There's like some scattered crap.
But it's not near the stadium.
So I think that if you ran outside right now, you'd think, oh, this is not so bad.
They're going to play ball today at 12.30 or whatever.
They're going to play good old country hard ball.
710.
Oh, look at that 710 that used to be WGBS.
That was the cittillating two hours we had with Rick Shaw.
There wasn't any comment about it.
I mean, it was like two or three.
And I was like, when you agree?
Sure, why not?
You know what I'm saying?
It was unique.
It was really a good radio.
I thought I was part of it.
So it's kind of like self-flags relating to say that.
But I thought it was pretty good crap.
Yeah.
And of course, I'll show you.
Once upon a time, if we had done that, when we had an audience,
it made an impact.
But it doesn't anymore because we work for Fat Ask Jolly Jo Bell,
who's busy playing the grand bass with Joel Feinberg.
They're busy having a SNP fight, a cat fight,
back and forth by email.
Wow, you're my mind.
You know, you got to get spell check in your illiterate
and, oh, well, Todd directed this, whatever.
A couple of overgrown children fighting back and forth.
And of course, why they're involved with this show?
I have no idea.
Because we don't do sports on this show.
And like Joel said the other day on Monday,
well, I can't use you anyway.
You don't do a sports show.
We're a sports station.
We're a sports station.
Well, we're delighted to hear that.
A new poll show is Republican Rudy Giuliani and Democrat Hillary Clinton
remained at the top of their presidential tickets in Florida
and shared this common fate.
Their past could haunt them.
We can only pray.
The New Clinton Peac University poll show is that
swillery, a New York senator holds a wide lead over her rivals,
but Clinton attacked for decades by the right
as viewed negatively by 43% of the voters,
compared to only 50% of you who are favorably.
She is polarizing is what this points out.
And haven't I said that all along?
Either you like her a lot or you hate her like poison.
And guess what?
On this show, we don't like her.
Giuliani's lead isn't so big or our heads are negative ratings.
They're at 28% of negative.
But Giuliani's multiple divorces could be a turn off.
About 29% of the voters said they'd be less likely to vote for a candidate
who has been divorced more than once.
The numbers even higher, 38% among Republican-based avoid the evangelicals,
the far-bison who comprise 45% of the polls, GOP sample.
By the way, happy Giuliani, I knew you had a tonight at Sundown,
all our Jewish friends, both of them.
Still, divorce is not a killer for a candidate
said Peter Brown, assistant director of the Connecticut-based
Quinnipack University, pulling institute.
At one time, a divorce was considered a major roadblock
for the presidency like Poradalei Stevenson,
but Ronald Reagan took care of that brown-set in the written statement.
Well, there ain't nobody else that's no righty ray gun.
Nobody else has got that much shoe polish.
The numbers in Florida suggest the issue may be relevant to a large share of voters
he said and raised the question of whether enough voters see multiple divorces
as the major flaw in a potential president.
Also, 39% of voters say they're more likely to vote for a church-going candidate
a number that rises to 64% for evangelicals.
The biggest flaw in a candidate lack of publicity,
just like us here at QA, and that's what we suffer from.
The poll of 1141 Florida voters generally shows that the less voters know of a candidate
the less likely they are to vote for them.
Now, where's the rundown here?
This article just sucks. It's in the heralds of figures.
Where where's the rundown in the Democrats?
It doesn't have it.
Oh, I see. Obama trails Hillary by 29 points.
It doesn't give the actual numbers, but she's 29 points ahead.
Jesus, God Almighty.
And Giuliani leads Fred Thompson, 28 to 17, in Florida.
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney is 11% Florida.
I guess if you like Donnie and Marie, you might like Mitt Romney, right?
Is that a warm and thing? Is that what it's all about?
Well, I got a poll on religion.
Wait till you hear this after the break.
You're going to make your head spin.
You're going to want to do cartwheels in the hallway to be screaming,
puking out meals from months and years ago.
Post-miss former attorney in BFF Howard K. Stone.
And I'm Larry Burkhead, the father of Anna's baby.
In her new slanderous book TV anchor Rita Cosby claims that Larry and I are gay lovers.
That fat pig is going to get sued. I'm a manly man.
Oh, yes you are. Is that a new shit?
Don't you love it? I really think it sets off my eyes.
It's to die for. Anyway, Rita Cosby, we will prove that we're not gay.
Yeah, how are we going to do that?
We will kiss, then everyone will see how disgusted we are.
Oh, will we do it right here in front of everyone?
Good point. Let's go in the men's room.
It's very romantic in here Larry.
Hey Howard, did you just tap my foot?
It wasn't me.
Sorry, it was afternoon. But I'm in the stall. I just have a wife, Stan.
Aren't you Senator Larry Craig?
Yes, but I'm not gay. I don't do those kinds of things.
Neither do we.
For you guys doing it here.
We came in here to kiss.
Yeah, but we're only kissing to prove we're not gay.
What are you doing, Senator Craig?
Checking the stall for undercover cops, reporters, and other Republicans.
Okay, boy.
Pick her up.
Glond ambition, the untold story behind Anna Nicole Smith's death by Rita Cosby, coming soon to a men's room near you.
1032 at 5.60 WQ AM.
And now, just as I was about to say that the daily pulp thing is Bob Norman.
Where do we know that name from?
It does ring a bell.
Doesn't ring a bell?
Yeah.
He's written some other craft.
But anyway, he's on his, I checked out his blog and he's talking about
as the comments below indicate a lot of people lamenting the loss of the feces on the radio.
Well, I'm reading the comments and like, here's one.
Don't worry, God, I'm going to clog up them arteries and kill the fatty once and for all.
Here's another one says he got zero ratings on a heritage station.
People have actually heard of 940.
What makes you think of the way you better run a station that no one really knows exists?
940 was paying big money for no ratings and worse he had no sponsors.
So even some of the owners of 850 are better operators.
Get serious, it says.
Wow.
And here's another one says the feces was awful on 940.
His sense of humor is marana, carcaning through back to elementary school.
His view of women is also stuck at some elementary school level.
Probably due to his never having been married or in a relationship.
And it goes on and on about the, he sucks.
So I don't know what you're talking about Bob Norman, but he's sure getting a lot of publicity.
And we're delighted.
We're giving him publicity by the pound gym to feces.
And here's another release from the Harold by Joni Fleischman.
Jim DeFese, who's talk show on WNZ in August 31, is moving to another soft-floater radio station.
He won't say where, but reportedly he'll be joining WFTL in early December 850.
His non-competitive removal of INZ owner Clear Channel requires him to sit out for 90 days.
DeFese, a WFOR channel for commentator and former Harold Columbus,
says his one year deal with WNZ expired on July 24th.
My show was not canceled, he said. It was it expired.
Just like he's going to do it from all that.
This is he lost 63 pounds.
Where's the, oh, I see, we'll get to it.
The station asked for an extension through August 31.
He says he agreed as that deadline near WNZ offered another two months.
DeFese's wanted a long term.
They told me if I didn't like it, I could go on trying to find myself an other station to work for.
And he did with the help of agent Andrew Courage, the feces cut a two year deal.
Andy Courage, who's that?
He was a sales guy over at IOD when we were there under Paxen.
Wow, sales agent. Andy Courage, maybe he'd like to be my agent.
I could use one.
What? What I've heard.
Couldn't be any worse.
WFTL is owned by James Crystal Radio Group, former TV anchor in Ruford at Kelly Mitchell's a morning co-host.
Wow, holy cow, they're going to have the two, a holy cow.
Sorry.
The station also airs conservative syndicated host Dr. Laura Slesinger, Bill O'Reilly and Michael Savage.
Says DeFese's, my view is our going to change based on the station I'm on.
WNZ is licensed to Miami WFTL, the West Palm Beach, has university Miami broadcasting professor Dr. Mitchell Shapiro.
A different reach says Shapiro adds that both stations can be heard in parts of the track on it.
A different reach.
As in WNZ's got some audience and the other ones got no audience.
It says DeFese's will likely have a morning or afternoon gig.
The Fese's 45 who wonder when emergency surgery in June removed fluid from around his hardest feeling fine.
Since April, last time I weighed myself, I lost 63 pounds, he says.
He orders portion controlled meals from Chef Mirio, Vlad Emersky's,
via that your doorstep and coconut creek which advertised on the Fese show,
and he exercises, I'm walking every night about a mile and a quarter, he says,
to the refrigerator and back to the living room, to the refrigerator, you know, a lot of trips.
So he lost 63 pounds, so he's done to what? 742?
The Fese's plan for the downtime before his return to radio, I'm going to get a trainer, he says,
all right, he's going to get a trainer, he's going to get potty trained.
Which ought to cover a lot of territory, because he's full of crap.
All right, so there's all the right things though, and he'll well good.
And nobody hears him.
Another one of these is a wannabe, another make-believe broadcaster.
Oh, there's the new Wapolder registered Republicans, Giuliani 29 times in 22, McCain 16,
and Mitt Romney 12, Solomente Dosey.
And here's that bald-headed right wing nut, Fred Thompson.
Ringing his hands, looking heavily wrinkled by the way looks really bad.
Uh, what's his other poll?
It's Giuliani, wary?
I think Fred is a really, really good man.
I think he's done a pretty good job of playing my part on lower and order.
Ah! Ha ha ha ha!
Yeah, it's all a big joke, ain't it? It sure is, when you look at who these people are.
Let's see among men, uh, I don't get it.
The way they're showing this pool, you can just puke.
Over 50 they like Thompson.
Fred Thompson, that's because he's an old fart.
Conservatives like Fred Thompson, motorwits like Julianne, who cares about them anyway, they're not going to win.
Evangelicals, it says, got to check Markford Thompson.
And southerners, rednecks like Fred Thompson.
Rednecks, because he's a good old boy.
736 folks on our pool, which do you think we'll see as President First,
a woman, 407, a none of them, 136 African-American 131.
None of them is pan-st African-American.
I don't care about politics 42, and a gay man or woman,
Solomon T. Vente, only 20, think that some gay candidate will be elected.
Now, is that closet, is that closeted, or out of the closet, or...
That's completely...
I don't know.
Yes, and Chris.
It's a terrible question.
I'm not asking anybody.
I mean, what does that mean?
Well, go out for tourical.
It's like you're going to have a gay governor.
I mean, we already do.
Yeah.
And then he came up with a fully bearded...
Oh, why do people do that?
That's what really frosts my ass, okay?
If you want to stay in the closet, that's up to you.
But don't keep coming up.
Oh, he's involved with some comedy, socialite bitch.
All right, sure he is.
Give me a break.
Anyway, when I get to this story, after this break,
I see I'm teasing it now.
We already got till Twitter later.
We got the ball game today.
Oh, we apologize for that.
We love the marlins.
When they play early in the day, yeah, we do.
Marlins in Washington, that's point.
I always see attendance yesterday.
I look it up during the break.
Do you have any idea of Chris?
Well, they have about 40 people.
Oh, there's about 55.
No, seriously.
What...
I have no idea.
How are they drawn for these horrible teams?
I mean, not that they aren't one themselves.
Like I said, the last two teams in attendance in the Major League
are the Tampa Bay Devil Race and your Florida Marlins.
And the last two in...
I do believe I could be wrong about that.
I believe you.
And also the worst record in baseball.
Tampa Bay and your Florida Marlins.
And pretty soon, Joe will find very Florida Marlins.
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
You idiot.
You're quizzling.
You...
You're ferret.
Eliterate, simple to...
One thing to have a lot of baddies money.
It's nothing to be illiterate.
Infomercial sculled with a T.
Oh...
Oh my god.
That's...
Oh, look at that motorcycle, Savi.
They just show...
That wasn't for real though.
They just showed somebody getting hit and splattering all over the street.
Oh, let's see that again over and over again.
And slow mo and freeze frame.
This article most think founders wanted a Christian USA.
And this, of course, on the day that we got Rocharsson at Sanda.
This shows you what the religious people...
...has and that the stupidity and the ignorance that they spread.
11,078 tickets sold.
So that means that there were about maybe four or five thousand people there.
Yeah.
Maybe if you count the ushers and people within two miles of the state.
What the hell is this?
The best town in the country.
Wow.
They're going to be a frisbee for that.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, I forgot.
In America, it's Paul Harvey, standby for news.
While probably showing off his new apartment to friends, Hank Lester, a college student, led
the way into the den.
What is the big brass Gong and hammer for?
Robert, his friend, asked.
Well, that's the talking clock, Hank replied.
How does it work?
Well, take a look at this.
Hank proceeded to give the Gong an ear-shattering pound with a hammer.
Suddenly, someone screamed from the other side of the wall, knock it off, you idiot.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
Now page two.
Julie was trying hard to get the ketchup to come out of the buh-hole.
During her struggle, the phone rang, so she asked her four-year-old daughter Susie to answer it.
It's the minister, Mommy, the child said to her mother, and then she added, Mommy can't
come to the phone right now.
She's hitting the buh-hole.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
1044, 1644, 1185, 60WDQ, and we got your Florida Marlins in the Washington Nats at 1230,
just a morning.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
In USA today, when you listen to this place, it's a list of them.
Most think founders wanted Christian USA.
Oh my God.
Most Americans believe the nation's founders wrote Christianity into the Constitution, and
people are less likely to say freedom to worship, covers religious groups to consider extreme,
a pull just out to they be finding.
The survey measuring attitude toward freedom of religion speaks in the press found that 55%
believe erroneously that the Constitution establishes a Christian nation.
A Christian nation.
Oh my God.
In the survey, which is conducted annually by the First Amendment, Cedarei Nonpartisan
Educational Group, three out of four people who identify themselves as evangelical or Republican
believe that the Constitution establishes a Christian nation in about half of Democrats
and Independents do.
All right.
No response.
In 58% say teachers in public schools should be allowed to lead prayers.
Baruch Hahtaud, Anai, Barre Puyhagoff, and everybody to make the man a chevete.
That's an increase from 2005 when only 52% supported teacher-led prayer in public schools.
More people, 43% say public schools should be allowed to put on Nativity Reineckments with
Christian Music then in 2005 when only 36% did.
We're moving backwards, baby.
I don't think that the bush crowds got much to do with that.
Do they?
I assure they do.
What?
What?
What the progress?
What's the other?
What's the what regress they've made during these...
Wokeful years.
Mm-hmm.
Half-state teachers should be allowed to use the Bible as a factual text in history class that's
found from 56% in 2000.
Charles Haynes, Senior Scholar of the First Amendment Center, says the findings are especially
troubling during a week when top diplomat in a rock-aver report to Congress on progress
there toward achieving democracy.
Americans are dying to create a secular democracy in Iraq and simultaneously a growing number
of people want to see a Christian state here, he says.
Excellent point.
Haynes says the Constitution clearly established a secular nation where people of all
faiths are in no faith are protected to practice their religion or no religion without government
or interference without a bunch of getscans, twisting their arm and giving them a bunch
of crap.
Rick Green of Wall Builders, an advocacy group that believes the nation was built on Christian
principles says the poll doesn't mean a majority favors a theocracy, but that the
Constitution reflects Christian values, including religious freedom, like you know, lecturing
the crusades in the Inquisition, religious freedom.
I would call it a Christian document just like the Declaration of Independence, he says.
The scariest number at Haynes opinion is that only 56% agree that freedom of religion
applies to all groups regardless of how extreme their beliefs are.
That's down from 72% in 2000.
More than one enforce a constitutional protective religion does not apply to extreme groups.
Haynes says many Americans consider Islam extreme, especially since 9-11, but he says Roman
Catholics were viewed that way in the 19th century and some people still consider Mormons
on the fringe.
They're on the fringe, as in like the Surrey with a fringe on top?
We are seeing a product of the years of not teaching the first amendment at a young age
had Jean Paulisinski, the center's executive director.
People are applying their own values rather than an educated knowledge of the Constitution.
You can't complain about education in America because generally speaking, the rate
non still he says support for constitutional freedoms is rebonded from below the year
after 9-11, 149% said the first amendment goes too far in the rights of guarantees, now
25% agree.
Other findings, 74% say public schools, students should not be allowed to wear a t-shirt or
a message with a message or a picture that others might find offensive.
More than any time since the survey began in 1997, 74%.
You see, censorship is where it's at.
About a third or 34% believe the press has got too much freedom.
The lowest percentage in 10 years, but most distrust in news media, 60% disagree with the
statement that the news media tried to report the news without bias.
Oh, brother, a Christian nation, my fat ass.
I'm telling you, these are the dangerous people.
We're talking about religious extremists, not the ones in Iraq, not the ones in Afghanistan,
the ones right here in the USA, all the ones all over the world, religious extremists,
since the beginning of recorded time since man came out of the slime and a bunch of
sketchies started making up these bubble mice, these stories so they can control people's
minds and of course in line with that their money.
Does that know what it's all about?
Ask Jan and Paul Crotch and all these guys and Jimmy Swaggart.
Does he walk with a Swaggart?
A Swaggart stick.
766 votes on the poll were gunned for 850 by the time we get to, well, we're going
to do that.
What should we gun for here, Chris?
I've got gunned too low.
Let's go for about 850 today.
Maybe 950.
Let's do it.
I think we can do 950 today.
Is he sitting there with a straight face or what?
Kind of.
To a straight face?
It's kind of half gay.
Like, my sexual face, I'd say.
No, not really.
Which do you think we will see as president first?
We have 767 votes in this poll and 772 now.
They're coming in in chunks because they know they got very little time.
So many presidents in so little time.
A woman, 429.
I mean, by far.
Why do you know what I had Margaret Thatcher in Britain?
She was a good fascist bitch.
The only black president I can think of are African countries.
And of course that hasn't gone to well either.
None of them, 143.
African American 134.
So poor Barack Obama.
If he could just do a little bleach job, you know, before the election next year?
I don't care about politics, 45.
And a gay man or woman, only Ventuno, baby, it's not good.
Only 21.
I have a 775.
You're right.
We might do 950.
Or wouldn't that be a feather in my cap?
I'm going to wear a cap just like I said the other day, like Robin Hood.
A green beret.
Man, it was very sad.
Was it sadler?
Who?
Sergeant Barryson.
The ballad of the green berets.
You got it?
Somewhere I can't get it out.
You're not going to have to dig and you sit through a whole bunch of his songs because
that was it, you know.
The ballad of the green berets.
George is digging for it and his nose.
He's got it.
Is it in there?
I'm sure it is.
No.
In other words, you don't even have a menu yet.
Right.
What do we got on Thursday this week?
That's tomorrow.
Oh, we got the blue moon.
That's right.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
On the same day.
D He really Maryilee are in the refrigerator back there.
D-it, I'm not your lord.
Here it is.
I Know You Could Do.
Here it is.
How Fenance Was High.
How Fenipse Was High.
By 18 Souls years.
Before Kidade Bel DA was an ounce of sound.
Here's lust men who saw over and over.
Rohit dadore.
Rohit dig Kick Kick Kick Kick Kick Kick Kick Kick.
Rohit dadore.
Rohit dadore.
Rohit dadore.
Oh, this version better though.
This version better though.
Then what?
This one.
Who shaved their chests?
Break 3N?
Two mouth-based breasts?
Rhythmic!
With burning pain.
So they can be...
Wein for a day.
Alright, okay, it's enough.
Yeah, you're right, I agree with that.
I vote for a chicken neck any day of the week.
I'm gonna have to send him some money pretty soon, I guess, too.
It's just don't, I mean, it's that time of the year.
You know, every quarter, I have to.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know if I can find it anymore.
Things are kind of expensive these days.
What Crocker and Patrase didn't say,
the book administration's top two officials
and rank answered questions from Congress for more than six hours on Monday,
but their testimony may have been as important for what they didn't say as for what they did.
A chart displayed by Army General David Patrase
had reported to show that the climate sector and violence and Baghdad
between December and August made no effort to show that the ethnic character
of many of the neighborhoods had changed in that same period
from majority-suni Muslim or mixed-to-majority Shi'i Muslim.
Neither Patrase nor U.S. Ambassador Ryan Betty Crocker
talked about the fact that since the troop surge began the pace
by which Iraqis were abandoning their homes in search of safety and increased.
They didn't mention that 86% of Iraqis who fled their homes
said they'd been targeted because of their sect,
according to the International Organization for Migration.
There's that good old-time religion, and of course that's what all of this is about.
And nobody wants to talk say that.
It's not just a civil war, it's a religious civil war.
It's the Sunnis and the Shiites in the Kurds in a way, baby.
People for the non-American way.
That's what's going on over there.
It should be like a textbook, like a lesson for all the young people all over the world.
If you want to see what religion does best, here it is.
Just see what they're doing over there.
From the beginning of time, since they first invented this crap,
all this nonsense, this mumbo jumbo, all the superstition,
religion does one thing better than anything else.
Killsle people, that's right.
Make them an offer they can't refuse.
If they don't believe you, kill some people, that's right.
If you don't like the way they look, kill some people.
If they don't like the way they dress or the way they...
Kill some people.
Their head gear is bad.
Kill some people.
If they don't interpret what Mohammed said the same way that you do, kill some people.
If they're not Orthodox, they're going to like drive tonight on Russian Shana,
and they're like maybe a new-mukhipper.
Kill some people.
Like in Brooklyn, where the Orthodox throw bricks at the non-orthodox Jews very nice.
They're going on the earth.
They got into the earth.
Yeah.
Irving?
Kill some people.
At about Irving, I wonder if Irving Shin was still alive.
Call in Irving, we don't take any calls anymore, but call in any way if you're alive.
See if the phone ring.
And Patras didn't highlight the fact that his chart showed that ethno sectarian deaths in August down from July.
We're still higher than they were in June, and did not explain why the greatest drop in such deaths,
which peaked in December, occurred between January and February before the surge began.
Surge my ass, okay?
Surge so hard.
I thought it was a place for the Montreal Canadians.
What?
That's how it's going.
787 on the pole in Christenx, we can make 950 by 1230.
That's the important thing today.
That's our assigned job.
Our job of a bubbub.
I think if what's his name is smart, Joel Feinberg, you're getting mow on there.
Mow in the morning.
Mow in Sid.
Sid the kid.
Talk about creating just rampant anti-Semitism all over the globe.
That was how it'd do it.
That would work for me.
I'd say that.
I would tear off my titsus.
So what are you doing for Russia's Shunna tonight?
Me?
That double issue.
We're going to go to Shul or what?
Yeah, sure.
I think Joel Feinberg oughta go to Shul because based on his emails, his illiterate emails and his pathetic call us on Monday, he hasn't got a prayer.
Anyway Joel.
No.
No.
I don't want to play out by the two.
I don't want to go to Shul.
Mow.
So what are we going to do fast?
And we're going to go to Shul to play.
Mow.
Mow.
Mow.
Don't blow down my old back back.
And when my poor butt falls off here tomorrow, wave it all.
Don't hear me, my lunch sack.
It's been a long summer, can you draw me crazy?
That's right, that's right, that's right.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend weeks to day.
I used to spend the days a lady.
ior.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I used to spend the days a lady.
I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in
pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain, I'm in pain.
We've sat at the U.S. Senator David Vitter tried to discredit her allegations of women
who used to work as a prostitute in New Orleans, passed a lie detector test of vuring that
she had a vuring, that she had a sexual relationship with Vitter the last at least four months.
This is according to the New Orleans Times' PIKIUN.
Magazine published her Larry Flint paid for the woman to take the polygraph test and
he plans to build a news conference with her, and his Beverly Hills office today to unveil
the results and challenge the Senator to submit a polygraph.
The woman, Wendy Yao Ellis Yao claims that she had intercourse with Vitter in a French
courted apartment at Doffin in Domain Street in 1999.
Doffin, isn't that the name of the Florida football team?
The Doffins?
Yeah, that's what the Humper always said.
Anyway, that's what it was.
In 1999, the year the material Republican was elected to Congress, even wasting any time.
Ellis, who's made the name as Wendy Yao, said money that she took the polygraph test because
Vitter tried to impure credibility at news conference in July when he denied news reports
about his involvement with prostate 2,000 in the Orleans without being specific.
I've been called to lie, all of my life, Ellis, said, this is one time you can't call
me a liar, I've admitted my wrongs, I'm not proud of myself or my past, but my integrity,
my self respect, me more than me today than anything.
Flint paid for Ellis to fly the California tape to polygraph, which is administered by Edward
Gelb, a past president of the American Polygraph Association who also gave light to take
the test to the parents of John Bonet Ramsey.
Well, Flint also plans to pay Ellis for divulging details of our assignations with Vitter.
Those of me published in the February or March issue of Hustler, while Johnson wouldn't
say how much money Ellis could make off the deal.
He said, Hustler required the lie detector test to verify her story before moving forward
with a contract.
How do you like that?
Yeah, that's probably what he said when they were, I like doing it.
Yao.
803 on a pull, man, we're creeping toward that 805 mark.
810.
What's that all about?
I think they're on the Chris bandwagon, that's what it is, because you're so adamant
about making 950.
Exactly.
See, it's just for fun.
Of course, in South Florida, there's so little fun to be had anyway.
The fact that I make a big deal out of a pool every day, it's a little something there,
you know, get all whipped up about.
What else are you going to get excited about?
Jim, the feces is going to be 850?
Like, oh, and who is this Bob Norman anyway?
What is his claim to fame besides he writes a bunch of swill for the hero?
What's his deal?
Who is that idea?
I'm sure all over the internet, so I'll think of that.
That's what I need to do.
Not forget about that blog.
I'm not doing any more on that on my space thing.
I don't even know why I started that.
What do I need to blog on there for when those people don't even communicate with me anyway?
Especially now.
They just abandon the ship.
Like everybody else, why should they be any different?
My stanna ha la la haze, baby.
My stanna ha la la haze.
That's what they say in Tibet on Tisha Bob.
810 vote on there.
It's looking like they think Hillary's got a better shot.
You know, now would that be a reason to vote for her as opposed to Barack Obama?
Of course, it won't make any difference because if Florida doesn't have any delegates
at the Democratic Convention, what difference is it going to make for you vote for in the
primary?
I mean, if that actually happens, it's going to be so typical Florida, man.
Everything that's done in Florida.
Not slow, not fast, just half fast.
That's the only, that's the Florida F and way.
Speaking of Florida politicians, where all Martinez is back in the news.
Remember when he and the Humber were having that big, uh, big, uh, big, uh, crap out of
the Humbert Highly Park racetrack, remember that?
Yes.
And the Humber waddle out of there.
That's one time Hank used it in his, yeah.
He used a little bit of wisdom, man.
He waddled it hell out of there, I believe.
Florida's GOP chief ribs Hillary Clinton for attending a fundraiser Monday hosted by former
Highly Amher.
Rale of Martinez triggering a four-letter tirade from the branch politician who beat back
federal corruption charges nearly two decades ago.
And it was threatened to beat the crap out of the Humbert.
I can't.
Blessing two decades ago, right in the press box.
That was fun.
And Highly.
Martinez was convicted, but successfully appealed and two subsequent trials ended in
hung juries.
Told about these snarky press release from Republican Party Florida Chairman Jim Greer.
Martinez called him a vulgar word for a female body part.
Ooh.
I would debate any effing Republican about my past.
Martinez said in the telephone interview, we'll have a debate.
Mono, if they want to take me on, I'm going to take them on.
He said, Mono, this is a macho guy, Ronald Martinez.
He's always ready to take everybody on.
He added.
I'm a businessman.
I'm a Democrat.
Why shouldn't I raise money at my house?
I look it on the horse and I will beat the Schmidt out of them.
He said.
Martinez who stepped down his mayor in 2005 said he hasn't decided whether to challenge
Republican U.S. representative Lincoln V.A.s.
Bullart in 2008, but if I do, I'll give anyone a run for their money, he said.
And if he doesn't do that, at least he'll beat the crap out of them.
A caustic press release from the GOP is par for the course whenever any Democratic candidate
is in the state and vice versa.
By responding to the bait, Martinez and the opposition to distract from another
West successful campaign day for a swoolery, packed with four private fundraisers in a
form attended by hundreds of residents at Century Village in Bokka.
They love Hillary.
They get such knockouts from her.
They're clueless because Hillary was there at Sanitami Village.
Now if she was just smart enough like General Wesley Clark there would go to the Deli
den.
And he'd delete sandwiches with old Jews, man.
And she'd be in big trouble.
Remember that?
That's how he thought he was going to get the votes in Florida by going to the Deli
den.
Right?
And eating the more Ruben sandwich.
The Clinton campaign declined to weigh in on the back bite in between Martinez and the
GOP, which was trying to exploit the controversy over another Democratic fundraiser of rest
last week on a longstanding, oh, let me try it again.
Over another Democratic fundraiser of rest last week on a longstanding grant of charge.
I see there's no mistake in this story, but it's in the hero's rise soon there would
be.
And I was probably going to be right.
Considering the controversy that's still swirling from the rest of Norman Sewell last week,
it's surprising that a politician is calculating his swillery with, unless another empatel fund
raiser to help line her campaign coffers and thoreau this afternoon, Greer of the State Republican
Chief said in the press release.
For Clinton, the Century Village Club House, Jan Wood, Die Hard Democrats was from an
deterioratory compared to the first of its kind, Miami debater at Sunday night on Spanish
language television instead of Latin American immigration, healthcare, and social security dominated
the discussion.
I don't like that.
Social security is supposed to be there no matter what, Sidd's swillery, decrying the
Bush administration's efforts to privatize the system.
You don't gamble with your safety in it, as you said, especially when the S&P is down.
Is the S&P up or down?
Sure.
Well, let's see.
I think it's up a little bit.
Just a, yeah, it's up 1.75.
The S&P is up, Neil.
Anyway, she said, do you don't gamble with your safety in that social security?
That's gospel to the elderly crowd.
They respotted warmly.
She's just unbelievably said, Carol Wilson said, these six, she hit it right in the heart.
Oh, hey, hey.
She's so wonderful.
Hey, Hillary, we love you so much.
You foamy bitch.
The event had the tinge of a farewell tour, flint in all of other major Democratic candidates.
It pledged not to campaign in Florida.
If the state doesn't heed national party rules, it allowed only four smaller states to
old primers in January.
Under renewal law, that seeks to elevate Florida's role in nominating process.
The presidential primary was bumped up to January 29th.
If the state party doesn't agree by September 30th, the schedule of vote will later vote.
About 30 minutes.
Candidates pledge would go into effect.
Fund raising is still a lot.
All the major candidates have held events in South Florida that amount to rallies with an
affordable ticket price.
It would be a shame if they didn't come to Florida, say, Glenda, Kazden 71, would tend
to the bulk of form.
They need to be here so they can be seen in her and so we can quell from these candidates.
They're so wonderful.
820 votes on a pool.
Marlon's baseball only an hour, an hour, 19 minutes away, but who's counting?
Maybe you hear what they say.
It's all next on Mary King Live.
This is Mary King Live in Washington.
Let's go to phone calls and hello.
This is Mary Craig Colley.
Type.
I seek activity and bathrooms.
Why men's rooms?
I am gay.
Well, nothing against being gay.
I go lower my hand.
Rolls.
Spread my leg.
This is what goes on in bathrooms, right?
Yes.
You get them all in North Carolina too?
Yes.
I do.
I do.
Thanks so much.
Thank you.
I go get them.
We'll be right back on Mary King Live.
Don't go away.
You don't get them, Larry.
1116 at 560 W.Q.
I'm happy you're Wednesday to a September 12th.
We got through the 11th to September 911 and the world didn't come to an end.
Oh.
There was no terrorist attack.
There are a couple of bomb threats.
I wish it wouldn't have been complete without that.
I'm working now on since it's only an hour and 13 minutes away from the Marlon
pregame.
Not that I'm counting you understand.
I'm working on my pregame music.
My intro music is sweet.
What?
Like the sun.
I love the sun.
When we already green it, we love the sun.
And if you don't count too many times though.
If you don't, you're a carmy.
There you go.
I hate this song.
Born again Tony Orlando maybe.
And he sang a lot.
No.
No, no.
I'll give it a go.
Here's a pretty good song.
Really?
Oh.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
How lame was this song?
Open our custom holiday playlist
I'm not a judge.
Closegelen noise.
Know that whipful sh detail.
Off with the elderz.
Bamboombos decreases if you couldn't check any albums.
A pair of voices.
It's back to us.
Bl..
A pair of horns.
Oh, I'll know this might be better.
I don't believe it.
Excellent.
Who's one of our favorite drunken songs?
Hey Ray!
Hey Shuffle!
Tell them who we are!
Well, we beat rock singers.
We got golden fingers.
And we're the...
Where do we go?
We sing about beauty and we sing about true.
At $10,000 a show, Ray!
They know, kinda feels like give us all,
kinda thrills, but the thrill we never know.
It's a thrill that'll get you when you get sure.
A picture on the cover of the rolling stone.
Rolling stone.
That might be the one, I don't know.
Otherwise, I'm still...
I think I agree with you.
You can't do this.
No.
And since this is our last show,
it's gonna wrap this marling game before the end of the season,
which can't come soon enough.
I think it's our last chance to get that in there.
Because we know how to start like spinning wax here, you know?
Because then to get all that out of show,
we're not playing you to play music.
It's supposed to be a talk show.
First, you show off the freaking phone, and now he's playing music.
Well, they won't discuss that,
because they won't discuss the show anyway.
That's what PD Lenny came in this morning.
That was his fire report.
As he continues being a professional smithist, Derver.
Tell us that during the sale.
And was that PD Lenny or was that Red Rough and Sword
that was in this morning?
He didn't have the Red Rough and Sword hat on, so.
Oh.
Returning to the scene of the crime with the same old slime.
And I was quite a performance that he put on this morning.
836 votes on the pool about...
Is it a woman who got elected?
Or is it a dark guy, a dark person,
numb them, a fag, whatever?
Well, there's Nancy Pelosi, who should only croak.
We'll see how that plays out in the upper part of my head.
Oh my god.
And the sister there with that boring...
Oh my god.
Harry Reid.
I'd rather see Greg Reid on there,
and I'd rather croak than see him again.
I'll see hang it around there.
Did you tell me it was just a...
Did I dream that?
He was spotted the other day, but I'm not sure what,
because I wasn't the one that started him.
He was spotted, yeah, I didn't spot him on.
Criminate what?
Probably looking for his job back.
Walking around, filling the suit.
Probably looking for his job back.
And of course, if I'm the beastly,
something, you know,
Greg was never that much of a genius to say the very least.
You know, he was...
He had a goofball and did a lot of shady things behind the scenes.
But compared to what we got now...
Oh!
I don't want to say that,
because then I'll begin another phone call from Pat Asgelly.
Jo, he's like, hey Neil, how you doing?
See, when he calls me and talks to me,
it's always like very...
Very copacetic.
Probably deals with me the same way he deals with you.
Rips make my ass behind my back.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if there's more of those emails
that we didn't see at the ones that Joel Feinberg sent you
and hopes that I would read them on the air,
which I did not.
Just trying to create a big, big problem is what you're trying to do.
Actually, probably not to get your ass sued is what I'm thinking, Joel.
And you guys sure got enough money to take a real big multiminated
lawsuit and then I could just retire.
He's an Ojo provocateur.
No question about that.
Now, did we decide that Dick Fotherley is dead or not?
I didn't decide anything.
Oh.
Fiber Rackies answer Americans' questions about security in Iran.
As you know, we have lots of soldiers over there who are risking their lives in dying
so that you can live in a freer country.
How about the American, the dire?
I'm sorry for that.
Everybody dies here.
Iraqis die and everybody dies.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm sorry about that.
Yeah, that's what they're all screaming.
I'm dying over here.
Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill, Blue says a rare moment of truth on Capitol Hill.
A rare defining moment that cuts through the fog of political rhetoric emerged on Capitol Hill Tuesday as General David Patrice
wound up his second day of testimony on President Bush's failed Iraq war.
Senator John Warner, the moderate Virginia Republican and now questions Bush's handling of the war,
asked General Patrice if America is a safer place as a result of the war that's caused more American lives than the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
After first trying to weasel out of answering the question, Patrice said he really hadn't given America's safety any thought.
Incredibly, he admitted the safety of this nation was not the issue in Iraq.
Said Patrice, sir, I don't know actually.
I haven't sat down and sorted it out in my own mind.
I haven't stepped back to look at.
I've certainly taken into account the impact on the military, the strain on our ground forces,
and particularly has been very much a factor in my recommendations.
But I've tried to focus on doing what I think as a commander is supposed to do,
which is determined the best recommendation to achieve the objectives of the policy from which his mission is derived,
and this is what I've sought to do, sir.
In other words, in general on the ground, the man Bush has said all along we should listen to admits,
and sworn testimony before Congress that the safety of America is not a consideration of the war in Iraq.
Absolutely.
Patrice's admission contradicts Bush's many claims that the whole idea of his trumped up war in Iraq was
to make America and the world a safer place.
Anyone with an IQ above that of an average plant knows that Bush's ill-conceived,
lies-based, politically motivated Iraq war along with his so-called war on terrorism has made the world an America more dangerous.
Patrice wiped out the last illusion of Bush's debacle in Iraq.
He callously removed any hope that thousands of American women and men in the uniform died for any legitimate purpose.
If America's safety was not the primary reason for sending all those soldiers to their death, what the hell was?
On Thursday night, Bush will tell the nation he hopes to reduce troop strength in Iraq by 30,000 next year,
put a number of people in harm's way, at the same number was before he launched his so-called surge late last year.
But Democrats on the hill say when you look beyond the vague conditional promises Patrice made during his testimony,
you can only conclude that the administration's real plan as the U.S. involvement in Iraq for at least another 10 years.
The Iraq war has already lasted longer than America's had mom in in WW1, WW2, or Korea.
Ten years from now, if we are as pretty good still in Iraq, the conflict there will surpass Vietnam as America's longest-running war.
And America in 2017 will be no safer than it was on the morning of 9-11-2001.
That's what Doug Thompson says. They haven't dragged his ass away yet. That's the good news.
It's kind of like what you always say about how when you come in and you hear that I'm alive, you know, another day.
Right. It's the same thing when I see another new Doug Thompson column. They haven't dragged his ass away yet.
840 votes on the poll. Il conceived crisply if you're going to make 950 by 1230 by a T-time. He was ill conceived?
By the time that Larry Craig heads for the T-room. What's your favorite T-time or T-room?
25 past 11 at 560 WDQ. I'm just an hour and five minutes away from that precious Marlins pregame show.
And as we get down toward the end of the season, we ought to stop and think, especially Aero-Horses-Shawra, that these Marlins are going to be soon departing.
Very soon we'll be having our last Marlin broadcast on this radio station.
Does that bring a tear to your eye? A lot of things do.
Mad!
Welcome to the ESPN's coverage of the NFL All-Contained Selection Show on Matt Franklin.
Now, last week we named our All-Pros. Now, this week we salute the athletes who have had run-ins with the law.
Joining me is always his head Brewster.
Great to be here and can't wait to get started.
All right, without further ado, let's see who our NFL All-Carn's secondary looks like.
Well, you can't have an All-Con secondary without Pac-Man Jones of the Tennessee Titans.
When he's not assaulting opposing receivers' abilities to catch the ball, he's being arrested for disorderly conduct and assault of civilians.
Well, put. Joining Pac-Man into the secondary is Terrance Keel from the San Diego Chargers.
Keel's strengths that lend him on our All-Con team include past defense, hard hits, and transporting and possession of a controlled substance.
Living on, we see that the Baltimore Ravens' cornerback BJ Sam's has earned a spot on our NFL All-Con secondary squad.
Sam's slams the door on slant patterns, but is off the field zigzagging in an automobile lands him on our roster.
And speaking of zigzagging all over the road, Marcus Coleman from the Dallas Cowboys rounds out our All-Con Secondary.
What can I say? Coleman puts the D in defense?
No, DWI. Let's send it down to our field reporter, Louis, who's with Pac-Man Jones.
The Pac-Man.
Oh, it sees Pac-Man's really pumped up his selection. Absolutely.
We have more of the SPN's NFL All-Con team selection show coming up next.
1131 at 560, DWI. If you have less than an hour away from, Colin's baseball, baby, wow, people are excited.
They got their caps on now. They got their jerseys out. They're like, you know, they're uphound in the leather.
854 votes on the poll, which means we need a little under 100 to get some Christmas.
You know, that wouldn't be too bad, 950 by 1230.
Especially on a horseball poll like this one, really is bad.
Do you think?
Okay.
That would be better if we had candidates' names on there, as opposed to this generic, you know, like tiptoeing around the inches.
But we'll do that one other day.
The Santa Rosa Catholic Bices is agreed to pay more than $5 million to settle a sex abuse lawsuit involving fugitive priest Xavier or that, you say, Javier.
Xavier Ochoa, Laura's from both sides said.
Xavier with an ex- Javier?
Okay.
Well, in Spanish they say Javier, even though it's the next one, but they say it with a J. It's spelled with a J in Spanish.
Generally.
Are you telling me that this guy not only is the A pervert, but you know not how to spell his name? Well, there are different ways.
The attorney said that I see will pay 10 people, $5 million out of church insurance funds and proceeds from the sale of orchard property adjacent to a Santa Rosa church.
Bishop Daniel Walsh will pay another 20 grand from his own pocket, said Adrian Moran, a lawyer for the I see.
That shows the length that he's willing to go to compensate the victims and resolve their claim, Moran, said.
The agreement was reached August 27th after mediation between the two sides.
The Suf filed last year with exit Walsh and prior bishops were negligent in supervising Ochoa, failing to conduct a background check and allowing him unsupervised access to children.
Ochoa most recently was a priest at St. Francis Salano Church in Sonoma, California.
He remains at large and is thought to have fled to Mexico in May of last year.
A week after a 30-seater admitted to Walsh and other church officials, sexual improprieties with several children.
Over the past decade, the Santa Rosa dies, he's spent nearly $20 million settling a series of lawsuits alleging sexual abuse by its priest.
Just a few more of these very, very extremely isolated incidents.
Father Ochoa.
Hey, father!
Nice collar, father. Nice outfit. Nice dress.
8.59 which means we need 08.69, means we need 90 votes and we got 54 minutes.
Now according to Eric's little chart here, we need one vote a minute to get to a...what?
No, that would be if we were on the two o'clock. See that the chart doesn't mean anything anymore.
Because that's assuming we're on the two o'clock. Right. To get to a thousand.
So we know we knew we could do that. So let's prorate it. What do you say?
It sounds great.
Yeah, we're prorating to pull. We got our thousand. We got 860, but according to Eric. I mean, even a sleep of blindfolded. We could do that.
Maureen Dowd says, Peaches tightens the girdle.
Maureen Dowd in the New York Times this morning says Joe Biden didn't talk that much yesterday for Joe Biden.
And he told General David Patrace in a box at a ronk rocker that they shouldn't talk too much either so that members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee would have time to give them their questions.
Even though the senators often didn't ask questions but simply gave little partisan lectures or told stories about themselves or in the case of Barbara Boxer had an 8-hold-a-blow-up picture of her self-adgineral Patrace in Iraq.
Nevertheless, Mr. Biden, the committee's chairman, took time at the end of yesterday's first hearing with these surge twins to make the points a bit repetitively that there is no plan to get out of Iraq.
And that the Bush administration isn't leveling with Americans.
John McCain was standing behind Mr. Biden waiting to sit down for the next hearing of the Armed Services Committee with the witnesses.
First, the Republican presidential candidate smiled archery at having the coolest heels as the Democratic presidential candidate YACP sniffing at the surge that Mr. McCain supports.
Then Mr. McCain turned to his GOP colleague Susan Collins and flapped his fingers in the universal hand sign for YACKING.
It pretty much said it all. For months, everyone here has been waiting with great expectations to hear whether the surge is working from the top commander in the top diplomat in Iraq.
But the whole thing was sort of a fizzle. It's obvious that the surges like those girdles the secretaries were on the vintage advertising show Madman, it just pushes the fat around giving a momentary illusion of flatness.
But once Peaches Petraeus, as he was known growing up in Cornwall, our Hudson takes the girdle off, the center will not hold. Peaches Petraeus!
Oh! And it was clear from their marathon testimony that the Iraqi politicians are useless that we're going to have a huge number of troops in Iraq for a long time that there's no post-surge strategy that they're just playing for time, hoping that somehow some way things will look up in the desert maze of demons that General Petraeus referred to as home.
The strategy is no more than a soap bubble of hope, just as W's invasion of Iraq was based on a fantasy about WMDs and an illusory view of Iraq.
Even though it was 9-11, Osama was barely mentioned all day. Republican Senator John Warner freer than ever now that he's announced his retirement turned the screw on the two witnesses.
You feel he asked the general that the surges making America safer? Sir, I don't know, actually, Peaches replied. I haven't sat down and surged it out in my own mind.
The surged twin seemed competent, more realistic than some of their misbegotten predecessors, but just too late to do any good. They were like two veteran pilots trying to crash land the plane.
Ambassador Krocker was expressed a darker, more roofal vision in background briefings with reporters, and he emulated a bit of Graham Green yesterday.
He noted that the Iraqis know that they're going to be there forever while we will not.
Pulling troops out too soon he fears could push the Iraqis in the wrong direction. It would make them, I would fear, more focused on building the walls, stocking the ammunition and getting ready for a big nasty street fight without us around.
As per Senator McKinney, he was competent that the Maliki government will get the job done. The ambassador said, dryly, my level of competence is under control.
The star witnesses gave Shell gay mance is trying to make the best of a hideous hand. It's a hand that's unlikely to improve in my view.
The Republican scene is happy that the women's is calm presentation. Bulls did the president's case for continued war funding.
In his speech tomorrow, I will be able to accept the recommendation of the American military.
The Republican scene is a good example of the fact that the Republicans have been in the same position as the French military.
The Republicans seem oblivious to the fact that they may have scored points short-term while laying the groundwork for a disaster long-term.
W won't care because he's not running, but it will be political suicide for Republicans entering the campaign with 130,000 troops still in Iraq.
As Lindsey Graham joked to the witnesses about Congress referring to the talk of dysfunctional Iraqi government, you could say we're dysfunctional and you wouldn't be wrong.
That's what little redneck Lindsey Graham said that during the Louis Aehu, he's everything that's wrong with America.
You look at him and that's what's wrong. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yahu.
Yahu.
Or as they say we're on the West Coast, as they say in Lutz, Yahoo!
Which is basically what's living over there on the West Coast.
For let's do some more shows that WSU went and let's time look at the time again. Those were the days.
They were just stalling to find that as if you didn't notice.
860, well let's see, click it again. 872, they're coming in and chucking out, they're trying to come to Chris's.
See they don't hate you as much as you think. I mean they do hate you.
I think it's like a couple of them that really hate me. What do you mean by that?
Well you know the chronics.
Maybe we'll do a poll on that one day next week. I mean it'll certainly be better than that stupid poll about your nickname or whatever that was.
Yeah, I think that George did a few days ago. That was pretty stupid, George.
But it killed a day and it was something. It wasn't good.
But whoever said the poll question had to be good. The one today sucks and we got 874 votes already.
And they're coming in big gigantic smelly chunks.
What biggest name? The best town to go to the world of the 4652A.
David's a bitch.
Oh, I don't know.
He's got a lot of time to talk about me around my head.
I don't give a crap with that very best of saying it.
If he wasn't the most things I've got, then what?
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo I could get elevated down and on my way to the car when I pulled my folding basket out, I gave a three condo paper.
The door is a back and down.
The store is a back and down among the back and down.
I'll just show you the twister of Santa Claus and the orange.
Tell your loved wherever they are because my
The store with Santa
Oh my god, a whole new sport, whole moves.
I know everything that's going on in that news.
Why I even know all the new Majot rules.
I picked to the judge.
Daddy, all new.
You better know what doctor I,
who's the better hero when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way play with him.
But when they drop my boys with chains.
You little smoothies and birds.
I'm singing bird with the bird.
Oh, you're right.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Those were the days, baby,
but you can't live in the past.
We're doing the best with what we got now.
Like Rinerie would say, you know,
hold on what you all got before Jolly Joe Bell comes and takes it away.
Love him 45, 15 to Luna QAM.
According to Fox News, the US has cracked it in a rain bombing plan.
Maybe they were listening when McCain was doing a thing.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And the best part was when Brian Wilson was in the audience and he asked Brian.
You like it.
And Brian was going, God only knows.
I still can't get over that show.
I was just terrifying.
A recent decision by German officials that would hold support for any new sanctions against Iran
has pushed a broad spectrum of officials marched into the developmental potential scenarios for a military attack on the Islamic regime.
Fox News confirmed today.
The article continues, Germany, a pivotal player among three European nations to ring in Iran's nuclear program,
over the last two and a half years through a mixture of diplomacy and sanctions supported by the US,
notified its allies last week that the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel refused to support the imposition of many further sanctions against Iran that could be imposed by the UN Security Council.
Consequently, according to a well-placed Bush administration and source,
everyone in town is now participating in a broad discussion about the cost and benefits of military action against Iran,
with the likely time frame for any such course of action being over the next eight to ten months,
after the presidential primaries have probably been decided but well before the November 2000 elections.
The discussions are now focused on two basic options, less invasive scenarios,
under which the US might block a Iranian imports of gasoline or exports of oil,
actions generally thought to extract too high a cost on the Iranian people,
but not enough on the regime in Tehran and full-scale aerial bombardment.
On the latter course, active considerations being given as to how long it would take to degrade Iranian air defenses
before American air superiority could be established,
and US fighter jets could then begin a systematic attack on Iran's known nuclear targets.
Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, these are crazy people and the craziness goes on.
And people are worried about Huzorai.
And of course the night's Russia's Shanna baby,
that's why I think we're talking like a skeleton crowd today, don't you think?
Yeah, that must be it.
The Crystal meth crowd, they look like a skeleton.
887 vote, I mean who wants to look like that?
I mean I'd rather be slim but not that slim.
Not like a crane on a bed, not like a carrying carpenter.
888 on the pool, man. I think Chris has got his finger deep in it.
You need 62 more votes in 30 and 13, 43, that's a piece of cake.
And you thought I was crazy.
That's a piece of angel food cake.
Well that's because I got you down from that original 4,000 you said.
Well, you know, we can do 950 and I'm going to take you something.
And then when we get a Marling game, because usually when I announced at the beginning of the show
I haven't learned because of an old fool.
But when I say we got a Marling game coming to 1230 or whenever,
that's the kiss of death because everybody runs away.
Oh no!
Like the radio's got Bubonic Play, you know.
And to be very honest with it, that would explain a lot of things that have gone on in this business over the last several years.
Wouldn't it have the radio had Bubonic Play?
Yeah.
It's got a disease all right, okay?
And these articles that keep popping up here by clowns like Bob Norman,
there is more ink spent in South Florida on people that nobody ever heard of
that nobody ever is going to listen to on stations that nobody knows where to find on the dial.
It's just amazing to me!
If I held a gun to your head right now, tell me the station that Steve came is on in the morning.
Mr. Rigo, you really?
Can you get any call letters?
Forget about where it is on the dial.
Just bring people up there beneath my notice.
But that's what I'm saying.
And of course 850 and like Norman Kent said, at Steve Lappest station,
everything Steve Lappest touches turns to crap.
He's got the minus touch in reverse instead of turning the goal.
Everything Steve touches turns to crap.
That's why he put man-calon, he got no audience.
He put the O'Reilly on, he's got no audience.
He put the Daphisees on here.
He'll have less than a audience because it's a pilot.
And then nobody's going to listen to it.
Oh, they got this big signal that they cover from four.
They could cover the entire globe and they're still like,
maybe nobody will listen to that crap.
They keep writing this garbage and writing in Joni,
Fleischmann and Bob Norman and this one and that one and,
oh my god, it's just the same old chazurai man.
That's nonsense.
893 and you need 37 votes and you got the 41 minutes.
Oh, you're in.
Oh no, I'm sorry, you need 50 and this,
a 57, excuse me.
57 and 41 minutes.
Now you can do that, can't you?
Yeah, of course.
You can mobilize your forces out there.
35% of Braward residents don't speak English at home since it says.
Thank you, but.
Do you think they ought to be like bitch slant?
Speak it in English, speak it in English.
Come on, big it.
You can speak whatever the hell you want.
Yeah, you're going to send your ass to Montreal, baby.
You'll love it there, not.
They're just fine.
Sure.
I heard some of the horror stories from my friends and they're the traveling
Mexican troubutors and their visit to Mexico.
I mean to a Montreal.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
They visit to Montreal.
Well, same thing.
Nobody speaks English there.
If you don't speak French in Montreal, they don't want to look at you.
You go to the store.
You could have $1,000 bills pasted all over your body.
And if you don't speak French, they still don't want to do anything.
Yeah, they want nothing with you.
They don't want your money.
They don't want your business.
They don't want anything to do with you unless Parlez-Voifranet.
And when I walk into one of those stores and they give me that attitude,
I hold up my middle finger when I say jump on Z.
And they look at me like, ha, 899, baby.
You're going to do it.
I'm confidence is fairly a mediocre in Chris today.
You're going to get your 950.
And then, then, can you imagine the kind of email exchanges that will go on between Joel
Feinberg and Joel Bell?
Neither one of them will understand this show, by the way.
Neither one of them.
And of course, that's because it's not a sports show.
Right.
It's a radio show.
English only speakers me feel their numbers shrinking in self-order,
according to new census figures showing the areas growing linguistic diversity.
Oh, what a way to put it.
This is by Tal Abidi in the Ascent Sentinel.
I wonder what language Tal speaks, whoever he or she may be.
Does that just damage?
What?
What the name like that?
Is that a Spanish name?
I don't think so.
No, I didn't say it was.
ABBADY.
It sounds like a terror.
The E of the MED.
Yeah.
Since his data showing annual changes in key social economic and housing characteristics
indicate a sharp increase in the number of people who speak a language other than English.
And we're talking about...
Where would?
Among Broward County's roughly 1.7 million residents, 35% over age 5 speak a language other than English compared to 26% statewide.
Of those, just 21% said they spoke English very well.
In 2000, 29% of the county residents over age 5 spoke a language other than English at home compared to with 23% statewide.
The increase follows a national surge in the country's linguistic diversity.
About 8 million more people spoke a foreign language at home in 2006 than they did in 2000.
We roughly 20% of the nation in 2006 and 18% in 2000.
The rise in foreign language speakers has compelled more people to pick up another language according to Edith Oliva, 50,
a translator who teaches Spanish to business owners executives of their professionals.
I wonder if she's kid at Tony Oliva.
Economically, it's absolutely vital, she'd be saying.
More and more adult students are coming to me because they need Spanish for their work, said Oliva,
who moved to Florida for her native Argentina in 92.
I also tell them, Grins, I work with that they have to get out of their communities and learn English and the ways of the U.S. she'd be saying.
Now in Brazil, for example, they don't speak Spanish. They speak Portuguese, am I correct?
Yes.
And how much difference is there between Portuguese and Spanish?
It's like Italian and Spanish. You know, that a lot of similarities. You can muddle your way through if you must.
You have a Italian and Spanish are very, very, very different.
Portuguese and Spanish are a little closer. Now I would think, I would hope.
Those Spanish is the most prevalent foreign language in the rural county of the area.
It also includes a rich cross section of Haitian Creole and Brazilian Portuguese speakers. How do you like that?
Yaman.
Roger Issavelin, a Haitian born freelance translator and interpreter who lives in plantations, says Creole was barely heard here when he moved to Florida 19 years ago.
Yaman.
Why do I keep playing that? I'm wondering if it was Creole. That's a Jamaican thing in it. Yaman.
It's a good machine, it's a good machine. That's a Jamaican thing.
Right.
That's that whole condescending Jamaican thing.
There was a stigma attached to it among Haitians, say, and said if he didn't speak French the language of the upper class in Haiti, you were stupid. You were nobody.
Kind of like a lot of Montreal.
In the past few years, he has seen a flowering of Creole in South Florida, just as Creole is being embraced in literary and academic circles in Haiti.
Savan said, look, I guess it's Savan.
Said local cities have been slowed to tap into the contribution to South Florida's multiple languages and cultures, citing the difficulty of some Caribbean festivals have finding a venue.
In cities like New York, foreign languages are vital.
We need to recognize that everyone who comes here from another country brings something, whether it's food, music, language, that adds to our humanity, say, I guess he left off disease.
And poverty, and desperation, and crime.
The language trend is similar in Palm Beach County, where 26% of residents over the age of 5 speak a language other than English at home, up from 22% in 2000.
Palm Beach County, you know what this reminds me of?
It's like white flight in Detroit.
Now, those people that were fleeing Detroit like back in the 60s, now they live like in the Upper Peninsula and the UP.
I mean, they moved to Pontiac and they built a stadium there, and the dark folks kept chasing them and chasing them, and then they would catch them.
And then they'd keep, oh, you're not going to catch us, and we'd keep moving to the pretty soon. They're going to be up here, eh?
Cuban-American Jorge Goyanas remembers the days when ordering a Cuban coffee through blank stairs. No t-endo.
I remember moving up here in 83. I had a hustle to find out where Cuban bakeries were, and there was only one.
In 83 said Goyanas, 52 of Lake Worth. Sounds like a Goy, Yannis to me.
Now I can go anywhere to get my Cuban bread and coffee, Coenleche.
Goyanas is past year of his fan of Chamber of Commerce of Palm Beach County, and serves on the Chamber as board.
When he enjoyed the Chamber 15 years ago, it was a social club of 40 members.
Today's membership is over 500.
Cinco Ciento. Is that correct?
Uh, Cienanto.
Cinco Cienanto? No. Cienanto. Yeah, like Quin.
Like Brady Quinn? Just like that.
Goyanas is about half the customers that is on a repair business. Carclinics speak knowing glaze.
Hispanic immigrants traditionally like to deal with people in their own language, but my clients have no choice Goyanas said,
as the number of foreign language speakers grow, some criticize government efforts to translate services.
I have a problem when I get my driver's license, and you have multiple languages to choose from, said Angela Jackson, 38 of Hollywood,
and an opponent of legalization for under undocumented immigrants.
We have people driving on our streets who don't know English and voting in foreign languages.
I wouldn't dream of going to Mexico and demanding that everybody speak English.
Well, let me ask you this, Angela. Why not?
Some of the name, and when I am in Miami, I listen to little rangers, but who knows?
Lonely, but can't get to an airport in Men's Room, then call 1900 Larry.
And you feel like you are in the next stall.
I'm a fairly wide guy.
Call 1900 Larry, dear boy.
I then spread my legs when I lower my pants.
How long before the honky hypocritical Larry Craig satisfies your every mean tall man or two with the most tall?
He's good, and how often should you call?
Almost weekly.
We agree.
So, resign yourself to your fantasies and call 1900 Larry now.
The man who made no women fees.
I don't do those things.
1202 at 560 WQAM, and we got bad news for it.
Chris, we're stuck on 908.
We're stuck.
And can't move the needle.
Maybe Eric has put his foot on the brake.
Let's go, Eric. Move.
Yeah, it gets your big fat foot off the breaker.
I don't think he's poshking around with it.
I think we're just stuck there.
Because it's getting too close for safety to the Marlon pregame show.
That's coming up at 1230.
What was that on?
You hear that?
It's just like stuck.
I heard it.
Like the pole.
Everything is like stuck.
Wow.
Here's the pole.
Which do you think we'll see first as president?
A woman?
504.
None of them 168.
An African American, 158.
I don't care about politics, 50.
And a gay man or woman?
Only 28.
Baitocho.
Pretty weak.
Out of 908.
It's just stuck there.
We could be well on a way to work at 950.
So either everybody is gone.
They turned the radio off.
They know the Marlon game is coming on.
Or they hate us like poison now for something.
Or that thing is just stuck.
Eric, maybe they all left to go to the game.
They're on a way to the ballgame.
That's right.
Or maybe they're on a way to show.
Oh, 909.
We got another one.
He'll be late.
41 votes in 28 minutes.
I thought you had it lit, man.
Remember, I was used to tell you?
Don't count your votes.
Don't count your pole votes before they had.
That's the end of the match.
Pakistani president, President Moussure,
of a key US ally, is less popular in his own country
than Al Qaeda leader Osama Yamada bin Laden.
According to a poll of Pakistan,
it's conducted last month by an anti-terrorism organization.
See, those Pankies, man, they like the terrorism.
That's their bag.
I think what we ought to do is tell our good buddies in India,
or we have all that cheap labor that's destroying the American economy,
tell all our good buddies in India
like just drop the nukes.
Nukema.
Anything else a good idea?
Sure.
And then we can say, are we the no-notten?
We didn't have nothing to do with it.
9.5, 9.13, now you got a little chunk.
Additionally, nearly three quarters of poll respondents
said they oppose US military action against Al Qaeda
and the Taliban inside Pakistan.
According to results from the poll conducted
by independent polling organization,
Terror-free tomorrow.
Now what we're living for is a terror-free tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I think that's what we're all looking for.
We have conducted 23 polls all over the Muslim world,
and this is the most disturbing one we've ever conducted.
Say, Ken Ballon, the group said, is that ballin?
Ballin the jack.
Pakistan is the one Muslim nation that has nuclear weapons
and the people who want to use them against us
like the Taliban and Al Qaeda are more popular there
than our allies like Pervert and Musharraf.
The poll is conducted for Terror-free tomorrow
by D3 systems of Vienna, Virginia,
and the Pakistan Institute for Public Opinion.
Interviews were conducted face to face August 18th
to 29th, as that face to veil.
Now the packies to the women that were avails all saw,
see I get confused.
And living here, I should know much better.
Although I don't, here it's even the order.
Why?
The order, no.
But I don't.
I know the engines, because the Indians are all cab drivers.
But some of those are packies, too.
I don't know.
You better be careful what you say, that's all.
My cab guy, my regular cab driver, he's a lesbian ease.
And hates the Muslims, by the way.
Hates.
Well, he's Catholic, and he's got the beads hanging from the rearview mirror.
I say.
According to the poll results,
Bin Laden's got a 46% approval rating in Pakistan
and Pervert Musharraf only 38%.
George W. Bush, guess what?
His approval rating is in Pakistan.
Good guess, Robert.
You idiot.
Nine.
Asked their opinion in the real purpose of the U.S.
led war on terror, 66% of poll respondents said they believed the U.S.
is acting against Islam or has anti-Muslim motivation.
Others refused to answer the question or said they didn't know.
We failed in winning the hearts and minds in Pakistan,
Ballon told CNN.
In fact, only 4% said we had a good motivation in the war on terrorism.
74% said they oppose U.S.
military actions against El-Khada and the Taliban inside Pakistan.
After American relief efforts following the October 2005 earthquake in Pakistan's
Kashmir region, 46% of Pakistanis had a positive opinion of the West-Core of the poll,
but as of last month, only 19% had a favorable opinion.
And of course, our president is doing wonders all over the world
and making sure that everybody hates America and Americans like poison.
When you got 920, you need 30 votes in 24 minutes.
924.
You need 26 votes.
24 minutes.
They're going to do it for you.
They're going to do it just for Chris.
I mean, this is a crappy poll.
It's a stupid.
It's just it phrased poorly and whoever sent it in, thank you.
Now, we never knocked the people that sent us in the polls because that's the toughest part of our job,
even though the difference is significant.
Sure.
And I give the numbers way too often.
You're reading numbers, you're mailing it in, you're mailing it in.
I think that's Joe Bell doing a voice.
The mailing it in, Guy.
Well, you know, Joe, he's going, finally getting summer withdrawals now,
probably the fact I'm on full time every day now.
Remember, he asked you what day I was coming back on full time several weeks ago?
And as if there was going to be some promotion forward or some mention.
Other than on our website, nice job, by the way, Eric, thank you.
Other than that, and again, it's preaching to the choir.
Re-suck them in the same crowd.
And then of course, they move away, they die off, they decide they like something else better.
And you just keep you, you watch them whittle away your life, your livelihood, your existence.
And in your case,
I'm your host, Revy Manisha Shainbaum.
Joining me this morning is Ethan Skolnik,
Ethan.
Hi.
Evan Cohen.
And then of course, Geldy Gelzdy.
This gentleman is my question.
Why sports?
But in high school, we always got take-lays.
If he's not at all.
So, what would you gentlemen like to do?
I know.
Let's have a mystery call!
That's a wonderful idea.
Okay, okay, I'll get this phone over here.
Oh, look.
We have a mystery caller on the line.
Hello?
Who is this?
I'm the mystery caller.
Let us now take a call to guess who you are.
Um, Kennedy Estates.
You play for the minor in the hurricane?
No, no.
Uh, inside the building.
Hello.
Hey there, Geldy!
You're not the one to do it, me, Joe!
This bit's funnier than the square table.
Why am I doing this anymore?
No, but was not entertaining at all.
Oh, yeah!
11.30 at 5.60 WK 17 minutes away from that pregame,
short of marlins in the ennance.
942, boy, you got it made in the shade.
You're in like Flynn.
No problem at all.
No sweat, didn't I tell you?
A little bit nervous when we got stuck on 908.
It wasn't so great.
In fact, you know something?
If you were going to shot so low,
if we were to say we're going to do the 1000 by game time
by the pregame show, I think we might have done it.
We'll never know now, will we?
Let's turn the clock back and start over again.
Or, we're not.
That's okay.
You sure?
Wait, thanks George.
Did he pass out or what?
He's out here.
Oh, okay.
Oh, get one to get some gum.
You went to get some gum.
Chewing gum.
I might be doing some kissing later,
so I wanted to get some gum.
Where is it going to hang out with Boka?
That's right.
Oh, I see.
You're going to see chicken ass.
Give me a big kiss for me.
Okay.
That's a wall of big wet one.
And tell him I'm thinking about maybe sending him
some more money coming up here.
He'll be excited.
That'll get him in the mood.
Yeah.
Well, I said I'm thinking about it.
I'm like Larry Craig.
You know, my intent is to do it.
But then again, you know, times are really tough these days.
There's a lot of expense in life.
Still stuck on 942.
They're going to make it not so easy for you, Chris.
I don't know what goes on with that thing.
How is it that they come in chunks like that?
Have you ever forget that out?
No.
Kim Sangupta writes on in the independent UK.
I don't know if I have time for this, but I'll do my best.
By the time General Patrasif in his speaking yesterday, the slaughter in Iraq for the previous
24 hours could be tallied.
It was not an exceptionally violent day by the standards of Iraq.
Seven US soldiers laid dead and 11 injured in the capital.
Other instances of sectarian violence included a suicide bomb which he killed 10 and wounded
scores near Mosul while 10 bodies were found in Baghdad.
Three policemen were killed in clashes in Mosul and a car bomb outside a hospital in the capital
of a exploded killing two in wounding six.
In Baghdad, on the surface, the over-violence appears to have diminished.
There are fewer laureate explosions, but the city is now being partitioned by sectarian hatred and fear
by concrete walls and barbed wire.
Claims that the US military strategy is paving the way for a stable society
but are a little resemblance to the reality on the ground.
The US is accused of manipulating figures, rigging the violence to fit their case, ignoring evidence,
which shows that the influx of 30,000 troops is done little to win the continuing bloodshed.
The death of Omar Al-Husseinian, the Horea District of Baghdad, is one of many,
which doesn't even figure in the American reckoning.
His killers, masked and carrying guns, dragged him away as his mother wept in his father pleaded for mercy
that was the last time they saw their son alive.
Three weeks later, they heard that he had been killed.
Omar was 20. His killers were Shia.
He was Sunni, victim of his spree of murders, which is ethnically cleanse neighborhoods throughout the city.
But both the US military and the Iraqi police have told his parents that as far as they are concerned,
the abduction in the killings were purely criminal acts.
This means statistically that his death isn't even included by the US and the calculations
for sectarian killings produced yesterday.
The causes behind the daily death hole, if addressed at all, draw conflicting accounts.
Mourners carried the coffin of a young mother along the streets of Saudi City yesterday.
She had been killed, said the locals along with her two daughters,
when US and Iraqi government forces had stormed four homes.
The US military confirmed they had exchanged small arms fired during the operation,
but insisted they had no reports of severe casualties.
Also yesterday, attendance at the Baghdad morgue did their job of collecting bodies,
nameless victims of faceless killers.
Omar's father, 48-year-old Barzon, said the attack on his son,
came after the meth the army.
A Shia militia declared that they must leave their home.
We were going to leave. We didn't want any trouble.
We had very excellent re-relations with our Shia neighbors,
but they couldn't do anything to help us.
He said the meth the army were also saying that my two sons were involved with the insurgents.
This was not true. They had nothing to do with politics.
Mohammed was away when they came, but Omar was there and they took him away and shot him.
The police in the Americans say he was an Ali Baba thief,
and this killing had something to do with that,
but everyone knows why he died. It's because we're Sunnis.
Not far away from Barzons, new home or other houses,
some with single marks on the doors and windows,
properties of Shia who had been terrorized and ruined out the other way.
The walls being put up by US contractors at record speed
are formalizing this breakup of Baghdad along sectarian lines.
Malicious ruled the roost in the newly created ghettos,
armed young men with sunglasses manning checkpoints,
collecting levees from passing traffic,
and meeting off their own justice to victims
who would never make the calculations on the effects of the surge.
Since the start of the surge, the deaths of US soldiers have fallen
from a peak of 120 and made of 56 in August,
but there are significant discrepancies between the figures for civilian deaths
presented by the US military and independent estimates.
According to authority, 165 civilians were murdered in Baghdad
in August, a slight increase on the previous two months,
but a sizeable decrease since the beginning of the surge.
However, figures released by Iraq's interior ministry suggest that at least
428 people were murdered in Baghdad last month in 612 in July,
the AP's Tally of Civilian deaths throughout Iraq in August was
1,809 in the highest this year.
Under the US military rules, a corp shot in the back of the head
is a sectarian killing while one shot through the front
is deemed to be a criminal one.
Even under this arbitrary criterion, it would be difficult on many occasions
to distinguish which particular group of death they may fall under.
Attendance at the Baghdad more point out the victims often bear multiple gunshot wounds.
Hours before General Patrasu appeared in Washington,
the Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Al Malakke gave his own assessment of the surge,
the key to reconstruction, economic development, and improving people's
standard of living as security, he said,
violence in Baghdad he declared to drop by 75%, he failed, however,
to provide any actual numbers.
Speaking of numbers, you got your 950...
Aren't you proud?
Oh, so proud.
Say it loud and say it's proud, we got a 950 votes on a really bad poll on a bad day.
Aero Rosh Hashanah, Jewish New Year, and Amarlin Natskein coming up in 11 minutes and 8 seconds
but his county.
And you thought I was crazy?
But I know that.
Look where you're working and how much you're getting paid.
Very true.
That's crazy.
Which do you think we'll see first as President?
A woman, 526, it's not even close.
None of them, 174, African-American, won only 169.
You think we were talking about some kind of a racist country?
And we are.
I don't care about politics 51, and a gay man or woman only...
About 30, man!
Who do you vote?
Some out of the closet, some like Charles Nelson-Royley for example.
Is he still alive?
I guess so.
Did he croak here recently?
I'm not sure.
I think he did.
I think we mourned about...
Yeah.
In fact, we've got a goodbye.
Don't we have goodbye, Charles?
Something.
Oh yeah, he's dead.
Goodbye, Charles Nelson-Royley.
He's dead.
Wow, Jesus Christ.
We'll find some screamer, maybe Richie Simmons.
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
BAMING!
You need no child behind by sending them off your dial, or that you're saying another sign.
You need something to keep your eyes closed, that you can't find.
We've got the truth, it's your sign.
Richie Simmons, you're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
You're all right.
I love you.
Say it, Richie Simmons.
This is Iowa, Pistune.
It now appears that Senator Larry Craig may not go quietly after all.
A half hour before announcing his intent.
He left this message.
Apparently, that bring his lawyer at the wrong number.
Absolutely.
This is Larry Craig calling.
I am gay.
I seek activity and death.
I lower my pen, spread my legs.
I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people at the Minneapolis airport.
Thank you.
Bye.
What a staff.
Sakai Ladaho, but say this is it, right?
I mean, when you think of Idaho, do you think of anything else beside that?
I do.
Yeah.
And what is that?
Beautiful mountains, rivers, lake streams, women skiing.
Because that's the panhandleria there.
Not the...
Well, that's fun.
Use me.
Yeah, excuse me.
Okay, we got the ball and three games show.
Marlins and the nets coming up next.
The Humper follows the ball.
Yes.
