New
Yeah
No parts sounds anymore
Ain't no fun sounds like before
Ain't no parts sounds anymore
The sun's thinking corporate hope
The enjoy's took them away
You're fairer
Can't say
Our big cars of some bitch now
Just to bring the ratings down
She don't want me around
And that's why she took them away
Absolutely
Change flare grandmother
F另外
Swine
Poland
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
Is that yeast infected?
Oh, stinky joys took them away!
Oh, stinky joys took them away!
Wow!
Hey, it's 560W!
That is a classic, man!
There are some that are going to go down to the 8th broadcast history.
And that's one of them!
That's for you, Joey!
Oh, I got a tear!
Oh, I got a tear in fact, here's another message for joys.
BAH!
Yeah.
So which one?
We have to do a poll on this.
That's the one on the other.
Here's mine.
BAH!
Yeah, I can't even do your own.
It is, but you can do your own anytime.
Yeah, but I want to have one that's like, you know,
it's glued in there like, like that.
As opposed to like, yeah, I can do it right.
I can do it right.
BAH!
But I think that one is, uh...
Yeah, it sure better than like that one, that one.
BAH!
Well, anyway, that's the Florida cheer you've heard of.
Bronx cheer, that's the Florida cheer.
I come to Florida and that...
First thing you'll hear is somebody will look at you with a suspicious eye
and eyebrow raised in a go...
BAH!
...like that.
Just to let you know that they hate you like poison.
And what the hell are you doing here?
What do you want?
BAH!
Anyway, let's take a look at what's going on.
Jerry Falwell's still dead.
All we can say that is...
All right!
Oh, I got...
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
It was a good day yesterday.
Yesterday was a great day as a matter of fact.
Another winning day at Woodbine.
He's got a gambling problem.
I'm going to go back today at two o'clock.
I want a grand yesterday.
I'm going to go back and see if I can give it back.
Or maybe one another several thousand.
I totally did.
I attended the story about my French friend, Maurice, the old guy.
He's a nice guy, but he's so stupid and so sad.
He's one of the regulars, you know?
And he's just always losing his ass and things are always going bad
for poor Maurice and he sits there and he looks at me.
He sits at the machine man.
Every time he hits the button, whatever comes up, he's like analyzing.
You know, oh gee, the seven is up on top.
And blah, blah, blah.
I mean, come on.
Just get with it.
So he was playing that $5 machine just before it hit the jackpot.
And he got off of there and he got to put $100 bill in.
Which is like a $20 bill in the $1 machine.
Put $100 bill in there.
Hit it about three or four times.
And here come the three wheel of fortunes and 366 grand.
And Maurice was standing there watching, of course,
being the time Yankeleti is.
Oh, poor Maurice.
I feel so bad for him.
Yesterday I got real a fortune.
We got a fortune.
Blank.
Okay, when that happens?
No.
166 grand.
They're just waiting for me if the third one popped up.
But just a blank, baby.
Blank.
Your land the king is dead.
The Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.'s eldest child,
a pursuit of father's dream of racial harmony through drama
and motivational speaking has died.
She was 51.
She died late Tuesday in Santa Monica, California said Steve Klein,
a spokesman for the king's center.
He sounds very Jewish to me.
The family didn't know the cause of death, but Rulos think
it might have been a heart problem.
Just like theory of fall, I might have been a heart problem because
he weighed 7,000 pounds, even his chin's weighed 500 pounds.
She was an actress, author, producer advocate for peace and nonviolence,
who was known and loved for her motivational and inspirational contributions
to society that King family said in the statement.
For an November 1755 Montgomery, Alabama,
you landed these king was just an infant when her home was bombed
and they amid the Tribal and Civil Rights era.
She became an actress, ran a production company, appeared in numerous films
including Ghost of Mississippi and as Rosa Parks in the 78 miniseries,
King.
Your landed king is dead, 51.
Well, stuff happens, you know?
That's why I tell you enjoy life while you're alive.
Enjoy every minute baby. Enjoy every millisecond.
Just grab it and just squeeze it and life too.
Squeeze it. Let's squeeze it too hard though.
Let's take a look at the final result.
Now we switched gears yesterday, so it's thought, you know,
this isn't some major accomplishment that we got over 1100 votes on today's poll already
because we switched polls during 20% of the show just specifically so George
wouldn't have to change the poll in the afternoon and get all, you know,
all goosey about that. Mighty whitey.
That's because I'm a damn nice guy, okay?
I don't care what anybody says. I'm a good guy.
I try my best for everybody.
Right. I am. I'm a wonderful guy.
Just ask me, I'll be the first to tell you.
That's what I tell people behind your back.
Yeah, I'm sure. Well, you do talk a lot behind my back.
A lot.
We have 1133 votes on the poll for today and our goal is a thousand.
Chris is so excited about that. I never heard him get so animated.
Oh, yeah. That's because the food came in from Cherhut, I guess.
Duff was there telling me how he brought you guys Cherhut now that he bring you just the chicken fingers again or some real food.
Correct. No, in order to take the fingers that we share, that's fine.
Oh, get out of here. Why didn't you tell me that when he was in there?
We'll go through this all the time.
He's going out about it. I've got some food for the guy.
Oh, Duff, you will. That's what we're going to get.
You're fairy.
I'll let you know when something changes.
Thank you. And it's fine. It's fine. I'm losing weight. It's great.
Thank you. George is doing the ankins, by the way. He's losing. I had the whole family.
I don't say I had more ice cream stick because then my wife and the Z-man will get very upset with me.
He ate the only one.
By the way, thanks Z-man. You're a good guy. What a good guy he is.
There are a lot of good guys there on that thing.
1414 votes on the poll. I will listen to WQM more often.
If there was more non-sports programming, 383, 27%.
That's over a quarter of this audience. Let's see.
What does this say here? Could you explain the meaning significance of 420?
I guess this guy is the smoker, huh?
Right. I don't know where it started. I heard it was the police call.
55 years old have enjoyed Mary Jane since 1969. Oh, he is a smoker.
But I've never heard that terminology.
The first time I heard the phrase was on your show April 20th.
PSWNeal is on vacation. There's no need for tapes. You fill in the void perfectly.
George says whoever this old coup is. Jeff?
You and Neal are like butcher and sun dance.
I learned both. You learned great one.
Yeah, I guess you must be the butcher. That's right.
I'm not too butcher. I'm a sundaer. You're the sundaer kid.
I'm the sundaer kid, baby. Watch me ride my motorcycle.
Anyway, let's see. I already listened day and night 233.
But we sure love those people. We wish we had a lot more people out there listening day and night.
I've listened more to QAM if George had his own show 202.
If Joyce died, 174.
Oh, wow. Let me just a little. Where the hell is that?
Ain't no part sounds anymore.
Oh, that, that, I think there's something I may play that every year bit today.
I may just play that all day. Please.
She knows, she knows.
If your rose came back, I'd listen more QAM 141.
Well, I don't know. I think maybe it's possible, but we don't know.
If they played fewer commercials 46, if there was more GELDI 46,
well, that's a shocker to me. That just turns my ass right around.
If they played more tapes 40, if the ticket went off, they were only 39, 2.7%.
You know, this big, I said yesterday, there's no point repeating it.
They talk a big game, but they're ain't much going on over there.
If there was more hockey talk 34, let's see.
Now, I don't even know who won that game last night.
Oh, please don't tell me Detroit won again. I'm sure they did.
Oh, yeah, three nothing.
Oh, no. Five nothing final. How depressing.
The red wings, they make me sick. They give me schmilky,
especially since Steve Iseman ain't playing anymore.
Well, he sure is a pretty man.
Can you, can you say that? Can you say somebody's a pretty man?
Sure.
We're going to put that picture of Brady Quinn, the one that you already forwarded that to the professor.
Are we going to put that on our thing?
If you say the word.
Well, at least he's grabbing his own this time as opposed to somebody else's.
That's an improvement.
He's always got his hand on the ****.
Yeah.
If there was more hockey talk 34, there was more dolphin talk 32.
If there was any more dolphin talk, I mean, we just explode.
And if there was less guilty, only 14.
Bring very nice to Kelly.
14, 14 is the total.
I like that number.
14, 14.
Wow.
So what about that 420? Where did it start?
I don't know where it started.
Somebody told me that it was the police code for a marijuana bust or a rater.
That's right.
And so it became code.
Marijuana bust.
That's right in America.
That's the American way.
Maybe if you got a pin joint in your ass tray, you're going to the slimer 10 to 20 years.
No parole.
They're going to put you ass away.
If you murder somebody though, they're going to give you like a 10 to 20 and then two years of a lot of job.
Because America's really got their priorities all upside down.
And part thanks to people like Jerry Falwell who is still dead.
D-D.
They're whole yet.
You think they broke my throat?
Yes, they did.
Yeah, he did.
He did.
Love it.
152 votes on the poll.
What should we?
I don't know.
I don't really care what we get.
Here's the schedule for today, by the way.
I like to do it right off the bat.
So I don't forget about it later on.
Being forgetful and old like I am.
I think that was a pretty good job.
I mean, if I say so myself on the floor of the chair, I...
BAM!
I think you're a plagiarist.
Huh?
That's good.
That's good.
Is that even close to...
BAM!
I think I like you, Rick.
No better, I'm sorry.
You do?
I do.
Well, you're just sucking it up to a chicken.
That's right.
Because you know how much money I get from him.
Yeah.
I know how much money he's got.
Yeah.
Love it.
52 on the poll today.
We'll get to it in a minute.
After we do our business.
We got a lot of business.
I started to say here's the schedule on a Wednesday.
Mad Dog at 2.
The power hour with Mad Dog all by himself at 4.
So I'm not as well say Mad Dog 2 to 5.
Clarence came in this morning, by the way.
And was just sucking all around.
What was that all about?
Why did we have to come in and do that?
Maybe Georgia was afraid to.
She's afraid to speak to me.
I don't know why I'll drag her out.
How is she related to a Bruce Beasley?
Is he a big?
He's a niece.
Well, she's a niece.
Well, I can tell her what I think of him.
And she gives me a little about it.
She probably agrees.
Gheldi is on from 5 to 630.
Oh my God.
Oh, we are really.
Marlins on deck at 630.
Marlins at Pittsburgh, 705.
The night followed by the 80k game night.
She left at a ball game.
After giving me the ball, give me the ball.
Baseball.
How did Marlins do last night, Chris?
They won't see me.
I'm going to play 7 to 3.
All right.
Marlins on a hell of a streak.
I'm thinking I'm streakin' a woodbind, man.
I got a thing going there.
I'm doin' it.
Isn't that amazing?
Mm-hmm.
That's how it goes.
You go in streaks, you win a 1500, then you go and lose 2-3 grand.
It's just like that.
I had me a pretty decent machine, man.
In fact, I won 1,000 on the line, and then I went, uh,
if I was up a few hundred, and I went back upstairs,
and I got me a couple of slices of papi-roomy pizza,
and I just ate the toppings.
Not the crust.
Although I did have the ice cream later.
But anyway, and then I went back down, and the same machine was still open.
And I played it a little while, and there was 500 on the wheel.
I went up, and even grand, and I ran out of there.
It's got a gambling problem.
He said, uh, uh, ice cream problem.
You're right about the ice cream.
I got to do something about that.
You're going to die up there.
And the Z-Man, he's, you know, our friends, this guy,
he's just all over me about that.
Good.
He eats fast food and junk and stuff.
But then again, and he's got a history of diabetes in his family.
Oh, he's a diabetic, Z-Man, or any of my other buddies out there.
Don't do it.
I keep warning my close personal friends.
Do not get fat and diabetic.
And I mean that, because it's a curse for us.
It's not good.
And then when they start chopping body parts off,
and you can't see anymore, and you're a kidney sphail, things like that.
It's probably not really all the best.
Ten thirds.
Oh, that no part sounds, man.
It's just.
I don't know if I'm doing it anymore.
Dude, do it.
Wait again.
She's shut played again on the, uh, I think it will.
Because some people may have food and laid.
Some people who were afraid they might catch the ass end of the kidney and vocile.
It's not fact in the church.
Ain't no part sounds anymore.
Oh!
Ain't no part sounds like before.
Ha!
Ain't no part sounds anymore.
But some stinky corporate home.
Her name joys took them away.
Can't say f***ing now.
I'll be cause of some bitch cow.
Just to bring the ratings down.
She don't want me around.
And that's why she took them away.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows, she blows.
It's a bum, it blows.
She blows, you blow, you blow.
You blow, you blow.
You blow, you blow.
You blow.
She blows, she blows, you blow.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows, she blows.
She blows, she blows, she blows.
Take me close, take me close to thank you,
bow to bow, bow to bow to thank you,
bow to bow, bow to bow to bow to bow,
You're slow, you're slow, you're slow,
You ain't no part of us anymore,
just like these infected arms.
Can't be joy, just took them away.
Can't be joy, just took them away.
You're fairie.
Yeah, take her away. So what's he really trying to say in there? Do you think there's a hidden message in that bit?
It's subtle, but I think that's very, very stupid. I think he's trying to say she blows.
I think I hear it again. I can kind of make it out. Right. And maybe he's trying to send her a message to kind of like
BAM!
Yeah. Because I sure, second and third and fourth at emotion.
Okay, let's take a look at today's pool. Our goal is 1200 votes. We got 1180.
Now we'll have 1180, WHA and Rochester. It's the Bob Turner show.
Bob Turner was the sports guy on WHA and Boyd. That could have been one of the most boring stations.
And I guess it probably still is. You might wonder why? Because it's in Rochester, which is not really a bad city, but it's boring.
You know, other than the Lyle Ox.
And once the Don and Bob's closed down there in Monroe Avenue, that was the end of Rochester.
Why do I keep talking about Don and Bob's? You know why? Because a lot of us like to live in the past.
The past wasn't so bad if we could bring it back.
1180 on the pool. If my doctor told me I had 30 days left to live, I would...
Stop 30 minutes!
Days left to live. I would see the world put it on American Express who cares 340.
Now let me ask you something. How does that work when you croak?
How does what work?
I mean, when you're croaking, you leave all your money and if you have any, like to George.
And like you have bills. They pay off. The bills are they just put to sea stone there and send it back.
No, I don't know. My understanding is that the estate settles debts and then what's left over.
So it tends to send some of the dollars, but people split up. But I don't know, you know, I'm not a lawyer.
I'm a stranger, not a lawyer.
Well, maybe that lawyer from Philly will send us in. You know, the one from the record LLP that they're not going to mention the name of the law firm.
What effect his name was Adam. At least he ought to be thankful I didn't mention his last name on here.
Because those people probably wouldn't be too happy to find out what other high-paid attorneys is busy sending faxes and emails to the Niroagia show
and listening online when he's supposed to be solving the problems of the world, you know.
1183 votes. I'd see the world put it on American Express 342. I don't think I need to read that part about I'll put it on.
Yeah, that's that's cheesy. Who's poll was this Charlie B? It's a good poll.
Have as much sex as humanly possible 260. I know. I don't think it was Charlie B.
Was it? I got tomorrow's on there already because no, this is not. This is from University Dodge.
So it's just like the one that we are mighty popular over there. You know what? Yes, we are. That's because vote campers. What does he do there?
He likes to manage. He's the name on the sign outside. Is he the cow that stands out in front?
That's it. They got that cow from that meat place in Lauderdale. What that was the name of that place across from old Chuck's stay-cast that isn't out of no either?
Black and Dan Douds. Well, if I got a good memory or what for an old fart, how much sharp is a marble?
I'd have as much sex as humanly possible 260. That sounds that's the winner to me. That's what I put down. You betcha. If I had 30 days, God, I'd have lined up at my door here.
Dollar-hawler. Right, my will and get my affairs in order 190. That was a late addition. A lot of talk about those wills. I better play that Neal's will pretty soon.
Hunt up Joyce and pick her with a ball's 134 because she blows. That's what I heard. There's a little rumor going around about her. She blows.
Spend my life savings on eating and parting 118. Well boy, that's a lot of eating and parting. I'll tell you that. For some of us, in a course in Georgia's case, that would last about half an hour.
Be out of funds. Gift in the crisis case. Well, two, three minutes.
Get drunk and stay drunk 57. I wouldn't do anything 25. Well, that's pretty boring. You know, 25 boring people out there. Become real religious real fast 25 like Jerry Falbraw.
Still bad. Oh, thank God. Make amends with those I've wronged 22. I haven't wronged anybody. Have I wronged anybody you can think of right off the bat?
Not right off the bat, I'll be fine. I think of anybody even under the bat. Or I know. I'm just a swell guy. In spite of what they say. Crawl into bed and stay there, six in. End it all right now. Get it over with.
I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom.
Now she can't be the way I do money. Now. Yeah, like that. There's nothing worse than a fetch. And of course, George knows that. George got bitched at yesterday because his lovely wife was listening. See, I say his lovely wife because I don't know where that was.
She has always ripped your internal organs out. She was always nice to me. Sure. Why not? She actually likes me or not, but she was the first to like you. She likes me. Yeah. Well, Crystal, I like you too. Although you're making Georgia's life miserable is probably not the best thing you'll ever do, but that's beside the point.
What she's not listening again today. Is she might be? Well, I don't want her to be listening. Okay, because it's just it's a radio show. Crystal don't get her upset just because George talks about his girlfriend. That's all just fantasy. He was crazy. He had girlfriends because maybe if you were a little bit, you know, more reasonable. That's right.
And like that, you know, I don't understand. You know, it's one great thing about being gay and yes, old and single and loves to me. And it's so worked out pretty well for me. I'll be honest. I mean, not everybody's the same.
Everybody's got different things that they all important to them and more power to them. That's where I look at it. If my friends are happy, I'm happy for them. You know what I mean by that? If everybody's happy is everybody happy. Yeah. You know, I'm good. You're not happy. You're miserable. That's right. But I think I know this sounds very strange. I think you're happy being miserable. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.cco
cut and face someone else's profile and take to my space. Or in 50 words or less.
Right why you should be a Neal's will on the back of the postcard and send it to WQAM
Spooky Ogan the McAllister Hotel. Then when you hear this sound,
that's your chance to win Harrod's millions for half-deaf and billions of dollars.
Open testants must be male. No younger than 18, no older than 25.
Must be shaving and smooth. Judges reserved the right to eliminate
any contestants faced on the rainy quits and the melody rate has scaled of 1 to 10.
Runners level receiving on a graph duplicate of Neal's will suitable for training.
Any duplicates of Neal's will found on the new windshield,
whether in the parking level, be voided by law. All prizes will be awarded by my
client and the grand prize winners are asked to be patient for it.
A definite period of time until Neal decides to die.
You know that might be an optical illusion. I'm looking at that picture.
It's on our page now near Roger's document right out of the pool.
I guess that's a bad choice in the world, whatever.
Right by the pool right underneath it. There's the new picture of Brady Quinn
hikes the ball. It says.
And there's two pictures underneath each other. Maybe that's why that often.
And so many other teams passed on Brady. He's always got his hands on the
ball or something near it. But at least this time he's got his hands on his own
thing as opposed to the picture underneath it where he's got his hands on it.
Very uncomfortable looking young man's thing. So he just, uh, you know,
and of course what guy doesn't like having his hand on his own appended gerry now.
Now what are you having my right? That's right. I got mine on mine right now.
And me too. Well, I'm searching.
1211 votes on the pool. What do you think? I don't know what we ought to just we'll just see how it
goes Chris. I don't think I can figure it out. I don't think we ought to like get a canary to
ourselves. Although yesterday we did over 1,400. But this is one of those cheating things
because we started it during the ass end of the show yesterday. Once we got to 1,400
in the yesterday's pool, we switched it. So George wouldn't have to do like a lot of work.
That's just because I'm a decent and considerate guy. In spite of what they say,
anyway, Jerry Falwell is dead. And boy, I'm telling a lot of people parting in their pants yesterday.
Oh, you bet. Including a lot of gay people and other minority type people.
Anybody with a brain like anybody to the left of a till of the hunt.
Here's what the Toronto stars take. I've got about 600 articles on this and I might just pass
them all along, including some of the acoustic ones like John Nichols on the nation. He says the
old time hypocrisy art and Bill Verkowitz on the smirking chip just roasted and toasted and
big fat ass. Well, I've already had a big fat eye. I mean, oh, brother's body. He had fat on his fat.
That's how fat he was. He had so many chins, man. There was just those pictures they showed
to him. And then he went to breakfast and he croaked. Do you think that's kind of a shock? No.
After the first 85 flat jacks in Antio mama. But anyway, don't say Antio mama. It's bad.
Reverend Jerry Falwell was remembered yesterday as the televanjoist who brought millions of
Christian conservatives into the political arena, turning them into a potent political force that
shaped Republican party policy. In other words, A.K.A. Nazi fascist, hate monger. But the one
time small town preacher was also remembered as a man whose anti-gaie attacks and moralizing against
feminist and secularists often crossed the line, turning mean spirited and embarrassing even his
old conservative acolytes. The 73 old Falwell founder of the Moral majority was found dead as
orphids yesterday at Liberty University in Lynchburg in Virginia. I've always thought that was a
perfect name for his, where his university was Lynchburg. He had a recent history of heart trouble.
And the fact that he weighed 1400 pounds, I think, may have contributed just slightly to it.
In his heyday, Falwell was quoted by presidents and presidential wannabes. But he also took on
Hustle magazine publisher Larry Flint, a telltubbies TV character named Tinky Winky,
whom he branded an agent of the homosexual agenda. And most informantly said, abortionist feminist
gays and lesbians played a part in the 9-11 terror attacks. All of these things.
Former president Jimmy Carter once said Falwell in a very Christian way can go to hell.
And Republican presidential candidate John McCain in 2000 included him as an agent of intolerance.
One of the few rational things McCain has said in recent years. McCain later made
offenses with him. No one was courting Falwell during his 2008 bid. A sign that he helped political
sway until his death. And also a sign that McCain is just a wafer and a two-faced phony,
which we already knew that. And a crazy person, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, and a graph. Crazy.
And the media refuses to put it in those words, you know what I mean? It's just pathetic.
John Green of the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life said yesterday that before Falwell
founded his moral majority in 1979, Christians had largely been talked to shun politics as dirty
and corrupt. They so dirty. The move that he created was largely credited with Ronald
Reagan's White House win in 1980. Although Falwell had taken a step back from politics in recent
years, his movement lived on in such powerful organizations as the Christian Coalition,
the Family Research Council, and focus on the family. Focus, focus. Let's give a focus on the
family. That's that obnoxious. The huge evangelical organization in Colorado springs under the
guidance of the Unc just James Dopson. Some political analysts believe the Christian right feeling
duped by a Bush administration that courted them, but never really fully paid back its political
IOUs, is on the wane as a political force to Republican Party. We can only pray, pray to the Lord,
pray to the God that it's waning over there. Green disagrees adding every Republican seeking
the 2008 presidential not to seeking the approval of the Christian right of a bunch of far-bisoner
goymas, what they're trying to say. Hate mongers. Falwell, the son of a father active in bootlegging
and dismissive over religion began a fundamentalist church in 1956 and then abandoned Lynchburg
pop-bot link clamp before harnessing the nascent power of television with the old time gospel
hour. All right, put that number on the bottom of the screen, get those old ladies to send in
millions. As he built his moral majority, he used his newly found bully pulpit to take on
pornographers abortionists and those who abandoned school prayer, he said AIDS was God's
punishment for the gay lifestyle. Two days after the 9-11 terrorist attacks, he said,
I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and the gays and lesbians
who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle. The ECLU people for the American
way, all of them who have tried to secularize America, I point the finger in their face and say,
you help this happen, God will not be mocked. You apologize the next day. But you know what? God
will not be mocked and he heard it. He's a little slow getting around over, but that's why he
smoked him yesterday. He said, oh, you're the fat slide that made all those comments. Well,
to you. No more fart sounds though. Right. Pat Robertson, off on a rival,
televanuelist, one-time Republican presidential candidate said,
fall walls, courage and strength of convictions will be sadly missed in this time of increasing
moral relativism. But Matt Thorman, the executive director of the National
Game, has been tasked for, said a fall well. Unfortunately, we'll always remember him as a
founder and leader of America's anti-gay industry, someone who exacerbated the nations of
polling response to the onslaught of the AIDS epidemic, someone who demonized and vilified us
for political gain. US President George W. Bush, the fascist in chief, issued a statement saying,
Laura and I are deeply saddened by the death of Jerry Fallwell, a man who cherished faith,
family and freedom. I was thinking about that picture of George and Laura's Bush. I mean,
I was thinking about that as I read that. Yeah. You know how moral they are.
Probably a couple of preverts. Not even a crispy one to talk about that abortion
you paid for and all that stuff that was covered up in the, why do you make stuff up like that?
I know. How come, what's his name? I guess they probably figured they're going to finish him off.
Larry Flint, remember I was going to promise Larry Flint was going to get all the details on it.
I think they were going to shove his chair down the Grand Canyon or something like that.
Somebody got it. Hey Jerry, guess what? The first one didn't finish you off, but this one might.
Poor Larry Flint. That's a Jerry. Well, whatever he was doing. Jerry, Larry and Harry and Mary
all of these people, all those biblical figures, you know, like Larry Flint. 1226 votes.
If my doctor told me I had 30 days left to live, I would see the world 349.
Have as much sex as humanly possible 273. Write my will, get my affairs in order 202.
That's what I'm going to do this afternoon. Oh, that's right. I got to go to Woodbine instead.
Well, maybe I'll win it off the woodbine and I can put it in my will. What do you think?
Whatever I win this afternoon, I'm leaving to George.
All right. Well, you don't sound excited about it. I could hit that 166th grad. I can get the third
wheel of fortune, man. Like I said, up to 100 bucks. Haunt out. Let's see. If I had 30 days to live,
I would haunt up Joyce and kick her in the balls. 137. She blows, spend my life savings on eating and
parting 123. I might just have to play that again when we come back after the break. Get drunk and
stayed drunk 59. Is there any number of times I could play that today that would be too many?
No, no, no. Well, good. I'm glad we, what do I think, Chris? They played too much? No.
I wouldn't do anything 26, but those are really boring people. I sure wouldn't want to be around them
when they're dying. Become real religious real fast 25. Guess what? Garnish,
tell-fun, baby. Make amends with those I've wronged 22. Well, we got 22 people out there who've
done some wrong, baby. Done some wrong. Crawl into bed and stay there. Six. Alone? That's not a good
idea. And end it all right now for as in, try to bang, get it over with now. This is the most
disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Ain't no thoughts out anymore.
Ain't no fun sounds like before. Ain't no thoughts out anymore. The sun's
can't say.
Okay, everybody get ready to sing along. Here comes the good part.
She's gonna say a deep breath.
Ain't no thoughts out anymore. Just that piece of infected heart.
Thank you, Joyce. Joke them away.
That's absolutely.
We hate you, Joyce. And-
That's for you. Just this little icing and a little frosting on the cake.
Because she frosted my fat ass. So anyway, speaking of fat ass, Jerry Falwell is still very dead.
Good. Just in case you're wondering. While a lot of people probably thought just like Jesus,
he might make a comeback. Maybe it's a little bit too soon, huh?
We'll let you know next week if he makes a comeback. We'll keep an eye on his carcass.
We'll keep an eye on that big fat ass and see if it moves at all. From 139 votes on the pool,
both by the end of this hour, we're going to be closing it on 13, old bean and Chris's mighty.
I bet you're making notes of this. You get like one of them loosely binders, you know?
Oh, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Good. Every day make a make a notation.
What's- what did we do? 16 at one day? What was that?
Not that long, girl. A couple of weeks ago. Remember we did 16 plus during the show?
Yeah. And we went just ballistic, man. It was just like a big party and everybody's pants.
Everybody was throwing party favors and balloons and screaming and yelling and spaszing out and
all kinds of crap. Sean gives you a really good shot here. Our pulled eye Sean.
I know, again. But he's too unnasty. I think he's starting to hate you like for a while.
That's sorry. He's always hated me, but that's all right. He's like, why is that?
I don't know because of what he's doing in the other facts I imagine.
Like what? He says, we all like George for reasons we can't explain.
Oh, you know something. You're so damn picky.
What picky? That's a shot.
You know something. Sometimes people take a shot out of love.
I know. Listen, it's all good. Give me a little shot.
That's why it's a funny hysterical fact that I've been forwarded to a lot.
Or instead of throwing it in the garbage, because I like Sean even if he doesn't like to.
I just said and started spinning around on the chair going,
by the way, not old because he doesn't like my music. He's old because he's into horse racing.
Anyway, this is what he says.
First of all, Kentucky Derby, you don't have to be older like the Derby.
That's just like you say about all the old farts like me.
Go to play slot machines. If you could have been there yesterday and seen the people I seen,
well, not the same ones would have got you all whipped up into a frenzy.
There were some hot young chicks there too, but I'm telling you there were some people in
Woodbine yesterday. Man, I don't want to say it.
Horse racing for codgers.
What about slots?
Whatever.
Anyway, Sean says now I'm an old fart because I don't like the crappy music.
George plays question mark. The bands he plays are so bad.
There are blive-stabbit technician monitoring the radar and the event that they approach amelody.
I'd rather hear my last rites, says Sean.
George that crack at Toa-esque explosion he heard during your music show.
I don't even know what that is. What's crack at Toa?
It's a volcano. He's overreaching there.
That crack at Toa-esque explosion he heard during your music show is the sound of thousands of
fingers simultaneously punching the off button on their radios.
Only you would clear it's baby.
If I hear George calling the old again, I'm going to hop in my marquee,
drive to the studio and club him with my walker.
You guys have any stank over there?
Let's read to him.
Let's read to him.
Just for you, Sean.
I'll get a personalized.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much, Sean.
Love you, Sean.
Yeah, you're so damn...
That's the part where you take everything so damn to heart.
You know, I had to...
No, I had to...
I had to like to...
Be a little more metal like that.
And Sean, please tell me what you like, because I play everything.
So if you don't like what I'm playing, then you must not like anything.
I know where you're going to do the music show for crying out loud.
I thought that you were taking over when I'm not here.
It was supposed to be open.
But I'm nailing it in all summer long like that.
I like to do like this.
Who does?
Can't see too many.
They won't know step by their way.
But I can't stop saying it to myself all day.
Well, thanks a lot for the pull, Sean.
And you're entitled to hate George as much as you want.
1247 on the pool.
Wow, wow, wow.
That goes to show you if we start the pools on there.
And you know something yesterday, we had a humongous response on our website.
I don't know what that means.
And again, this morning, we're all, oh, brother, look at that.
What does that mean?
Does that mean the audience is back?
I think that Joe Bell then you're destroyed the near-roger show.
He destroyed everything else on the radio station.
Him and his partner in crime clearance.
And of course, Joyce who blows.
But she blows.
That's what I heard.
Well, I'm just telling you, I think he was on the verge.
And now I finally came to my senses.
I've shut that phone off.
You don't even think I reached that monitor and turn it on at all.
No, I don't think you reached for it at all.
Not the monitor either.
Although Friday, I'll have to because when they've done some calls in,
I want to make sure you'll be monitoring that line.
He did.
The bat line.
But I don't need it.
I don't want it.
In fact, back in the fall, we were number one.
Yeah, that's right.
We were now.
I wasn't taking any calls most of that time.
He doesn't get it.
You just don't get it.
Joe, just leave us alone.
OK, we're the one thing you got.
And it's all you got left.
And you knock on us down pretty good too.
Don't mess with success.
That's what goes on in this business.
I've told you, people's a million times man over the years.
All the different stations.
But this one especially, mess with success.
We were at this place with kicking ass.
And then they'll come up with a crap about,
wow, you know, the guys across the street.
The guys across the street, most of them is suck.
OK, most of them don't belong on the air.
Just even on the middle of the test pattern.
Let's see.
Here's one that says, oh,
Mother's Day's coming up on the internet.
We don't care what commercials are playing the internet stream.
Let me just tell you, people this right now.
Listening on the internet.
Number one, we appreciate you very much.
We had a thousand people listening online yesterday.
And that's great.
We appreciate you very much.
You too, Brandon.
But nevertheless, Bob from Dallas, he says,
you are still the best on radio.
Now you're talking, Bob, why don't you put that at the top
as opposed to this negative stuff about,
you still have a commercial on the internet stream,
saying Mother's Day is, you know, we don't care.
You know, it's a mess.
You know, it's a joke.
Don't listen to it.
You are still the best on the radio.
It's his Bob from Dallas.
Can't wait for technology to come around
and let me take you to show with me in the car
when I drive around town.
Wouldn't that be great?
And of course, if I was on Sirius or XM,
we could do that.
Right.
But to easily screw that up by pissing off Howard Stern.
Remember that?
And he dropped the four-mire.
He fired them because they weren't paying the bill.
The carrier of the Stern showing four-mire is on that station.
So he fired them.
Which is an interesting way of looking at it.
But that's what he said.
He fired their ass.
And took the show off that station
because they weren't paying the bills.
I know that's really revolutionary.
So Bob in Dallas says,
you are still the best on the radio.
To which I would say absolutely.
And I was also saying.
Absolutely correct.
That's what I would say.
Because I hear somebody other swill
all the way.
I don't listen to it much anymore.
Because I sold my radio.
So I can get more money to a plunge at woodbine.
I just sold it at home.
Home, I give it away to a homeless lady on the street corner.
Here's the radio.
Honey, see if there's anything good.
Of course, that's Toronto radio,
which I can only imagine what's on air.
Talk about the really toned back.
Although on the CBC,
they do see the F-word in the SH and stuff like that on CBC.
Because it's a government thing.
You know, who's going to find them?
You see what I'm saying?
CRTC isn't going to find them.
Because they are.
I don't know.
I don't know how that works.
From 151 votes on the pool,
our goal today is to get as many as we can.
What I'm really trying to say is
in spite of Joe Bell and Joyce and clearance.
Oh, that clearance.
In spite of them,
we're making our own comeback.
That's the way we do it.
I'm not sure.
We build it by ourselves.
Because if we sit back and wait for them to do something,
it's like they got palsy, man.
It's like they're in suspended animation.
They can't move.
They can't get off the dime.
They can't do nothing.
And we're doing it like on the air.
That's the amazing part of it.
You know, we're like rallying the troops.
Rallying the troops.
That's what we need to do.
In order to survive in this damn place.
You know what I'm saying is true.
Of course I did.
And we've had to do it B-fold, man.
And D-fold and B-fold and B-fold.
Right.
All around.
All on the wrong with no assistance from the...
Shut the fuck up!
I know interference.
Either from those people, from these glam.
You tell Georgia Beasley.
Now she, uh, she's Bruce's niece.
Correct.
And she's an ourselves department.
She loves this show, by the way.
She loves the show.
She loves the show.
She loves the show.
So right now it says,
why don't you people leave him alone?
He's doing a hell of a job.
He's the best.
Bob and Dallas says he's the best.
When she inherits the comeback,
he'll have to be in the dressing room.
Who do you think that could be?
I don't know.
Another package?
Wouldn't that be something...
Wouldn't be a lot of the pack.
You want to go get it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
we don't even get to watch.
That's the sad part 1257 on the pole.
You can you can feel it.
You can smell it.
What was it to happen yesterday?
Remember yesterday was forever.
Jerry Paul Loldide.
Oh, that's right.
Jerry Paul.
Well, now, now, we are liberated.
Now.
Now, now, they will fear us.
This is the Neoraj Orchard show.
This is your blank.
This is your blank.
This is your blank.
This is your blank.
This is your blank.
This is your blank.
This is your blank.
Well I'm and Jerry Paul will on the right hand of God and when I woke up today I put my
TV on and instead of Kathleen or CNN I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head.
It wasn't upset down try angle purple pinky winky.
Upside down try angle purple pinky winky.
Upside down try angle purple pinky winky.
Hey tell it loving.
Where?
Just when I thought things couldn't get worse.
I noticed he was carrying a little purse.
Now I'll pin they call this a children's show.
I'm very very careful that I have a brown hole.
He has an upside down try angle purple pinky winky.
Upside down try angle purple pinky winky.
I love to drain your balls.
Hey purple pinky winky gay tell it loving.
Where?
Almost without Christian mind is hard to believe.
But on the tell it loving is a TV screen.
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing.
Oh!
Oh!
It's 11 o'clock while it's still dead.
Okay the body is still in the crypt.
John Nichols writes in the nation the old time hypocrisy are.
What they just rip and tear and shred.
And I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
I'm going to take this out.
It's like a photo p front runner.
It's like a photo p front runner.
I'm going to taking this out first.
The photo p front runner really qualifies as a fall well
in the classic sense.
But the republicans who would be present and careful for those
whom fell well claimed to speak for,
the millions of vibrant brinstone Christians in States
such as Iowa and South Carolina,
who were expected to participate next year's Caucasus
and primaries.
It may be true that fall well had ceased to be
someone who comes to praising the preacher so get ready for the old
fashion hypocrisy hour. Arizona Senator John McCain got things
rolling with the statement released as minutes after the announcement
that the man who for many years was the face of evangelical politics
in America had died from an apparent heart attack at the age of 73.
I joined the students faculty and staff of Liberty University and
Americans of all faiths in mourning the loss of Reverend Jerry
Falwell McCain said, Dr. Falwell was a man of distinguished accomplishment
who devoted his life to serving his faith in country.
The distinguished accomplishment would that be when Falwell regularly
featured segregation as Lester Maddox and George Wallace on his old
time gospel TV program in the 60s when he condemned Reverend Martin Luther King
Jr. and referred to the civil rights movement as the civil wrongs movement.
When he opposed sanctions against South Africa as apartheid regime in the 80s,
when he produced an informal and uniting accusing President Clinton of
orchestrating murders of journalists and political critics even though he
would eventually admit that I don't know the accuracy of the claims.
When he attacked Talitabi's character, Tinky Winky, is a gray recruitment tool.
We inserted that the Antichrist must be of necessity a Jewish male.
Falwell is a fascinating and significant figure in American political life,
a man worthy of study and serious consideration, but McCain didn't always see
the preachers as servant of his country. Indeed, McCain's praise of the preacher today
is a far cry from what the senator said in 2000 when in a much-heralded speech in Virginia,
he described the far-referral wall as an agent of intolerance.
Neither party should be defined by pandering to the outer reaches of American politics
and the agents of intolerance whether they be Louis Farrakhan or Al Sharpton on the left
or Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell on the right, McCain declared as the acute Falwell
and others like him of narrow-minded ideologues who have padlocked the Republican
party in surrender to the future of our nation. As he was battling George Bush for the
Republican presidential nomination that year, McCain told Tim Russell and MSNBCs
meet the press that Governor Bush won far to the right and sought to ask the
base of the...
out the base of Port of Pat Robertson...
I mean, we need that sentence again because I'm gagging here.
I...
McCain told Tim Russell and MSNBCs meet the press that Governor Bush swung far to the right
and sought out the base of Port of Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell. Those aren't the ideas
that I think are good for the Republican party, he said, back then.
McCain has gone through some changes since the days when he was preaching Big Ten Republicanism,
he learned an ugly lesson in 2000 and he's playing hard to the right this time around.
As such, he's made his peace with Falwell.
Last year, the Arizona Senator made his way to Lindsburg, Virginia to deliver the
commencement address at Falwell's Liberty University. Was it a pander to the people by way of the
man he once referred to as an agent of intolerance? And he got called on it. Are you freaking out on
this daily show host, John Stewart, once the McCain fanastist senator? Are you going into the crazy
base world? The short answer is...
Yes.
And McCain will have plenty of company in the rush to the crazy base world while there are serious
debates opening up about just how strong a force the religious right remains within a
Republican party that's struggling to position itself for the post-push era.
After all, pro-choice gay rights in Puerto Rurie, Giuliani is the GOP poll leader at the moment.
There's no question that McCain and most of the other contenders fear the wrath of the evangelicals
Falwell did so much to lead in the Republican fold more than a quarter century ago.
The fear... that fear is uglier than anything Falwell ever did or said.
It is possible to treat Falwell with respect and death to recognize that he apologized for some
of his more divisive and destructive statements and that he grew beyond his segregationist
stances and some of his other intolerances. It is certainly possible to regard him as a political
figure of consequence and deeply held views. But for McCain to heap praise on Falwell if this
politically convenient moment is an embarrassing example of how the maverick of the 2000 race
has become the predictable politician of the 2000 made context.
John McCain, bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran, maybe after crazy person, but what a bullet like that?
So is it any wonder that he was embracing the tele-Tubby afighten jury?
No, no it is not. They're all so full of crap man, that's the problem, they're full of crap.
1275 votes on the pool. We're going to be going over 1300 pretty soon and boy I'll tell you,
you heard the sound of Christus jumping around in that chair. If you feel some good vibrations,
that's what it's going to be. I wonder if the guy in Philadelphia is going to feel
the good vibrations because he's always talking about how important it is to be in South Florida.
And you notice when he sent that email to follow up on the grotesque facts he said,
oh he's emailed me from other places. Never mentioning South Florida once.
For all we know, he may never even been there. Good point. He just probably wants to come back
to inhale all the fumes and the smoke from the Everglades but never from those fires.
Well there's the world, look at that. Florida wildfire right there on TV just as I said it.
Lake City. Oh there's Rob Marciano again, look him down. Go shave a little bit Rob,
will you please? I mean I know that look is in but go shave and they're showing him a little
bit too close. He looks better about a half a mile away. 1276 folks in my doctor told me that I
had 30 days left to live I would see the world 367. Better make you know make some real fast plans
to travel around your couple of days here day over there. See how the whole world everything.
North Pole South Pole, Japan South America Chile, Argentina. Have as much sex as humanly
possible to 81 you don't have to rush all around the world to do that although some places that
you know can't hurt. Write my will and get my affairs in order. 2012.
I'm up Joyce and kick her in a balls 138 point. I don't like that Joyce.
Anyone know why? She blows. She blows. Good guess. That's what I'm thinking. It could be the
reason that they're a little teed off at her. Peed off and teed off. Spend my life savings on
eating and parting 127. If I had just 30 days to live I'd get drunk and stayed around 63. I wouldn't
do anything 28 very boring people. They deserve to die then. If you don't have anything then
make way for somebody else. Make room for daddy. Danny Thomas. Remember Marlowe Thomas and Danny
Thomas. Wasn't she married? I think she still has to fill it on of you. Well he sure bombed. There
was some comeback. Wouldn't it? Too bad. It was almost as good as the what's your call show
from Minnesota. What's his name? The ex wrestler. Out of sight. Out of mind. He had one show on
MSNBC. He was on one night and that was the end of the show. I mean that even Michael Savage was
on longer than that. I wouldn't do anything 28 become religious real religious real fast 26.
Work for Jerry Falwell. Make commands with those have wrong 23. Well we want to know who those
people are and who they've wronged and what what do you got to do about it? Crawling to bed and
stay there six and the end of the law right now five. Just get a piece and just four forty one and
find one of them nice pawn shops. Give me a little piece. Oh I guess what. Phones ringing it was
the wrong diagnosis. Uh oh. Oh speaking of the phone ring guess who that was during a break. I
went and listened to my message my voice mail. I give up. It was my lady friend from Fallsview.
Oh very nice. Isn't that sweet? Sure is. Oh it's her nice lady friend. Yeah that's right
my love. Remember that? Yeah you can take her to your friend. I mean why would anybody miss
interpret that? I mean you know because I'm an old fag. I don't mean I'm sleeping with her. Oh
I'm god if you ever saw her. Well I'm sure she's thinking the same thing about me. Although she
gets around her. She's changed her last name numerous times since obviously getting divorced and
remarried or maybe just changed her name to be anonymous but I think she's been divorced a
couple of times. Nothing wrong with that. Of course she's got as long as she's not going to bed
and staying there all alone you know she's got somebody in there with her. Maybe not necessarily who
she wants in there but she's got some. Anyway she's very nice to me. Don't start picking on her
and she's taking care of me. She's taking care of me. It's all said. What? She's taking care of you.
Oh man that's right. My lady friend is taking care of me. I see. I'm really digging a deep hole
for myself this morning man. I'm gonna I'm gonna look up a minute being China. Oh there's the
great wall of China. Oh wow. Lake City. Come out of the closet. You're gonna shave him a little bit
for crying out loud. You know a good looking guy like that needs a shave. We don't need that schmutzie
look Rob like you're trying to grow out. You could do it for him. Uh, shave him. I don't think so.
He's he's alright. He just I don't know. I'd rather look there at Brady Quinn with his hand on his
ass parrata or whatever he's holding there. Jesus. What what is going on with him?
He's getting like Michael Jackson now. Of course now who's he supposed to be in that picture?
Uh, gay leather wearing guy. Like I said Michael Jackson. No seriously what I mean it's obviously
a pose and uh it's some kind of a party and look at all the people in the back applauding and
they're all dressed up guys and suits and and the chicks and real fancy gowns and stuff. What is
that kind of a formal thing and he's dressed like uh, I don't know like a Michael Jackson want to be
with a white t-shirt and a vest and a back pair of black pantaloonies and he's grabbing that
thing. I don't think Michael Jackson ever wore that specific. Well, but he's doing he's doing the
point and thing. You know he's got the Michael Jackson. Is that the Michael Jackson glove? What kind
of a glove is that? It looks like a I think you're right it looks like an S&M kind of an outfit to me
a little bit. Yeah. That's the all he needs now is the rubber ball in his mouth. Maybe that's
what he's written for is the red rubber ball. Wouldn't surprise me if it was red.
Nobody is watching Katie Kerrick. Katie. One new lady Katie.
New chair Katie. Katie. One new chair. Nobody is watching Katie Kerrick.
So you want us going people watching?
People rather hear say the giant thing.
She's meaning that they are the service TV. Yeah. She gives all of the crew diarrhea and stress.
Crazy little earring wearing Luna's neck. Nobody is watching Katie Kerrick.
Oh.
You think I'll track but if they can't get in my mind I'll inspect
Cause nobody is watching Katie correct
Who would know my good-sucked-in-it?
Down, down, wait, down
Who would know my good-sucked-in-it?
Who would know my good-sucked-in-it?
Down, down, wait, down
You know what you love that?
A lot.
I do like that.
How some of those in.
I also love this.
I ain't no part of that anymore
I might have to play that 20, 30 more times before the end of the show
Okay, so I'm gonna have to talk fast we gotta squeeze that in a few more times
Cause everybody all around town at the water court is gonna be going,
She blows, she blows, they're gonna be doing that.
An honor of joys.
And guess what Chris?
Wow, what a day, what a week.
1302 and that must shock you.
Huh?
Oh yeah definitely.
What?
Well, you know, you were looking at it there in the beginning in the pool too and you said
Well, we got the thousand a day or something like that, some smart ass comment.
That's the thing we already all should be a thousand.
Yeah, we all should be a thousand, we had like a thousand eight when he said it.
And of course I didn't know cause I wasn't paying any attention.
What, what do I exactly?
I was too busy to sing and she blows, she blows like that.
I can't wait to hear that again.
Played that.
But, well, look that bit about Katie Kirk was pretty good especially for Todd Pettongill.
I was a good bit.
You don't think?
I do.
And so I gotta squeeze some of those in there.
Bill Berkowitz on the Smirking Chimp says remembering the Revolvering jury fall well just riffs him an ass.
The death of a public figure especially one is controversial as the Revolvering jury fall well is guaranteed to unleash a male stream of commentary.
And the hour since his death the number of fall well supporters of uns stintingly praised him as a seminal and courageous figure of the new religious right.
This evening at the Republican parties this is last night, second presidential bait in South Carolina.
Fallwell was undoubtedly remembered fondly.
Senator John McCain who in 2000 called Fallwell and the Reverend Pat Robertson agents of intolerance but had recently sought to support Asia to statement praising Fallwell for his contributions.
Tonight, meaning last night CNN's Larry King will be devoting his program on which Fallwell was a frequent guest remembering him.
With Ralph Reed, the former executive director of Pat Robertson's Christian Coalition and almost often associated with the imprisoned GOP Uber lobbyist Jack Abramov and Franklin Graham,
the son of the Reverend Billy Graham and head of the Samirattons Purse among scheduled guests. I got to drink them.
I'm choked up by that joy spit. No more fart sound. Anyway, well Fallwell helped place conservative evangelicals at the forefront of the political landscape.
He was also in part responsible for coarsening the political dialogue in this country.
In a career that was marked by a continuous theme of controversial and sometimes wacky like stinky winky statements, perhaps none was as mean spirit as his reaction to 911.
On September 14, 2001, I wrote, meaning Bill Berkowitz, Reverend Fallwell's hate and cowardice.
God bless the Reverend Jerry Fallwell. Surely no one who heard to read about Fallwell's remarks broadcast by Pat Robertson on his Christian broadcasting that were 700 Club Will. Here's what Fallwell told Robertson's viewers.
The ACLU's got to take a lot of blame for this throwing God out successfully with the help of the federal court system throwing God out of the public square out of the schools.
The abortionist has got to bear some of the burden for this because God will not be mocked. And when we destroy 40 million little innocent babies, we make God mad.
I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and the gays and lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle. All of them will try to secularize America. I put the figure in their face and say, you help this happen.
He added, God continues to lift the curtain and allow the enemies of America to give us probably what we deserve.
According to Friday's Washington Post, Robertson agreed with Fallwell's remarks saying, Jerry, that's my feeling. Robertson added, I think we've just seen the anti-chabered a terror. We haven't even begun to see what they can do to the major population.
During the past few days, we've been concerned and we just caused that some in America would begin leveling blame for two days horrific terrorist attacks against all Arab Americans. Unfortunately, as I write this, incidents of anti-Arabia violence are mounting.
This morning William Rivers pitpointed out in the BuzzFlash.com commentary that the late Senator Robert Kennedy commenting on extremism said, what is objectionable, what is dangerous about extremists is not that they're extreme, but that they're intolerant.
The evil is not what they say about their cause, but what they say about their opponents.
Now along comes Reverend Fallwell, adding the finger pointing, blame-making, and scapegoating, his remarks are clearly in line with his extremist political and social agenda.
The Reverend Fallwell, a minister of the cloth, the founder of the Nowdy Funk Moral Majority, and a regular guest on a hosted TV talk shows, is no stranger to hyperbole.
In fact, one could argue that his fiery rhetoric has been one of the cornerstones of his financial and ministerial empire.
Over the past two dozen years, Jerry Fallwell has become as American as fast food Alice and heartburn.
When people think of major conservative Christian political figures, he, along with Robertson, are more often than not the first names to come to mind.
He has been an unremitting and strident voice of homegrown American extremism, and unfortunately when Jerry Fallwell speaks, many Americans listen.
When Fallwell sends out his email newsletter, people read it, and assures I'm at my keyboard this morning writing this story.
He says there'll be people out there who'll see in Fallwell's remarks a license to hate, and that's truly the danger.
Yesterday we reported a several militant andy abortion organizations are using the terrorists to tax for both their own feavered and far out religious and political beliefs.
I reported that some of the more high profile leaders were more circumspect than their reactions.
Last night my partner read this story, and she wondered if anyone cares what the folks on the religious right were saying.
I think that it's more than what one or two highly marginalized groups of fundamentalist Christians are saying about these events.
It's about the influence they might wield over their small band of extremist followers.
The National Game Lesbian Task Force's Executive Director, Laurie LG, issued a statement that they've read in part.
The terrible tragedy that's befallen our nation and indeed the entire global community is a sad product of fanaticism.
It has its roots in the same fanaticism that enables people like Jerry Fallwell to preach hate against those who don't think live or love in the exact same way he does.
The tragedies that have occurred this week didn't occur because somebody made God mad as Mr. Fallwell asserts. They occurred because of hate.
It's time to move beyond a place of hate and to a place of healing.
We hope that Mr. Fallwell will apologize to the U.S. and world communities. Our hearts go out to the victims of this week's tragedies and their friends and family members.
People for the American Way denounce Fallwell's comments is running directly counter to President Bush's call for national unity.
Ralph Nysk, who's president, called the remarks absolutely inappropriate and irresponsible.
And according to the Washington Post, the White House official called the remarks inappropriate and added the president does not share those views.
William Rivers' pit characterized Fallwell's remarks is a vein of hatred and evil that is beyond description.
Given a chance to rethink his statements, Fallwell instead told the Post that he was making a theological statement, not a legal statement.
It's passed time for Americans to unite. By this I mean, the United Against the Religious Fanaticism, intolerance and hatred personified by the Reverend Fallwell.
His ultra-extremist comments, signaling out gays, lesbians, liberals, feminists, supporters of reproductive rights and the ACLU for special appropriation can only be viewed as an act of cowardice.
That's what he wrote back then.
And that's what I'm reading right now. Bill Berkowitz in the smircling chimp.
Come and drear, that's what the, you know, all these people, all the tributes and Larry will, I didn't see it thank God.
Thank God I didn't see that last night. Larry King's sucking up to a dead man.
Ah, my good friend Reverend Jerry. Fowl, wow, my good friend, and I'll fit Larry, you know.
Larry never met an ass that he was in stick his tongue and I'm telling you that right now.
That's a sad part about suspended Larry. Fony baloney.
Who never paid those people back by the well, that money is swindled back in the days. That's right, deadbeat Larry.
Deadbeat dead.
13, 14 on the pool. Boy, we are as dangerous in spite of Jolly Joe. You know something, we're going to show him a thing or two.
We're going to show him a cheek or two before it's all said in the back room. You'll see.
You know me, I don't, I don't put down easily. Well, all depends on what I heard you.
Yeah, all depends.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Now
Absolutely.
You know me, you know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
You know me, you know me.
Ain't no buts of anymore.
Just that beast infected mom.
Skanky joys took them away.
Skanky joys took them away.
All I can say is, wow.
That's all I can say.
We play that one.
60, 70 times at least.
We play that one.
That's the least.
We only have this much that we should have.
That's right. Let's get out of the game as a matter of fact.
Just in case you missed it that time, let's see if I can...
Oh fuck.
Yeah, get out of the game.
Speaking of Bokeh, he says they haven't paid him a Bokeh Brian's age.
Really?
Yeah, for what it's worth.
And what do you want me to do about it?
Nothing.
Yesterday was a fabulous day.
It's a very, very, already, as a sensational day.
And I can smell it.
You can feel it.
You can feel it in your fingertips.
Like Stevie Wonder would say.
And why are you like a ping-pong?
He just mentioned it.
Well, what a...
So why doesn't he call them up and raise Holy Hell of it?
Oh, yeah.
That's good.
But that's funny.
That's a lot of fun.
I could go down there and I'd go into Joe Bell's desk.
I would pee on the desk and I would...
And then I really start raising their laptop.
All right, there you go, Brian.
That's what I could do.
I'd create a flood in that office, baby.
I'm telling you right now.
I'll give him clearance to his direct number.
I'll get 16 homeless people off the street to come in there and pee right along with him
and create a flood in Jolly Joe's pants if he doesn't already have one.
Maybe that might wake that turd burger up.
But I doubt it, though.
He is...
You know, don't think about him.
You know what he is when he takes a shoes off?
I give up.
Shulis and Koolis.
I see.
I just mentioned it in passing.
In case you were wondering.
Not really.
1,527 votes.
I'll tell you one thing.
Sometimes it's going on there and guess what else I got for you.
I give up.
Eric's got the new poll off the redness switch.
Sweet.
So what do you think we go for today?
I think we go to 1,500 and then we change it?
Sure, why not?
Well, you don't think we can get to 1,500?
No, I do.
It's only 1,133 for Christ's sake.
You know, 1,133.
You covered you.
We got 1,133.
15.
Only 170 votes.
And we got like 2,5 hours to go.
I mean, if we can't do that on the legendary show like this,
what are we even getting paid for for Christ's sake?
Look at the money.
They're paying you, Chris.
It's hard to think they're paying you to get 1,000 votes on a pool.
That was back in the olden days.
You know, back when we had an audience.
But nevertheless, they're paying me?
Well, so to speak.
In their own, in a coin to their own fashion, which ain't much.
Don't start belly-aconout.
It's one thing they don't like.
They don't like his complainers.
That's why they hate George-like poison.
They hate me like triple poison, man.
They really...
That's why I don't go anywhere near that building.
They saw me.
They would drag me in there.
And they would force-feed me rat poison.
I'm telling you right now.
Am I right?
You know it.
I have.
No question about it.
Because they despise the fact that they come on to you here.
And I tell the truth about them and about the whole stick-in operation.
And it wouldn't surprise me if Georgia abesley's on the phone right now with that with her uncle.
She's a sweetheart.
She is.
She knows what's going on.
She knows when I speak, it's the truth.
Oh, look at that.
Reverend Joseph Lauer, thank God he's not talking about Jerry Falwell.
He's talking about your land of king.
For just a second, I thought he was on her, utilizing the Reverend Falwell.
Oh, God.
My good friend Jerry Falwell.
My good friend Ho Chi Minh.
1332 votes.
When we get to 1500, I'll change the pool.
And you don't have to worry about it again.
Now, wasn't that nice thing yesterday?
Oh, great.
He gave you more time to bond with the misses.
Yeah.
I was going to say more time to drink and smoke, but...
No.
Well, what would be wrong with bonding with the misses?
Okay, she's fond of me.
Then you can bond with her.
No.
I remember one time we were in appearance.
And I think she got a little piot of me because she...
I hadn't seen her.
I've ever... how many times have I ever seen her in my life?
About three, four times.
I hadn't seen her in a long time.
Anyway, she was just starting to come over to say hi.
And then one pain in the ass listener came up with one of those stupid pictures for me to sign.
You know, an autograph thing.
And... and I mean, who am I going to pay attention to first?
The listener or your wife, you know?
Right.
Me with all... huh?
Either or.
Well, I mean, the listener was already there in my life.
I didn't stand in Iran.
You have to do your job.
I'm in the middle of doing the thing there.
So I'm, you know, signing the thing.
And she...
He's never been pioted yet.
Well, good.
I love your crystal.
All your... it's all George's fault.
Whatever... whatever the problem is.
Mm-hmm.
Like life.
It's all George.
That's right.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Your buddy Doug Thompson.
I'm Capa Lil' Blue as a thing here.
I don't know why he's writing about this.
I guess he wrote this before the jury fall while news came out.
No, he wrote it this morning at 5.40 in the morning.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe he hasn't gotten around to it.
Maybe he's so swept up with a motion about Jerry being dead.
Jerry fall while croaking.
Or maybe he's just waiting for me to make a comeback.
Like Jesus.
He says, I grew up in the heart of NASCAR country.
That's what Doug Thompson says.
As legendary driver Curtis Turner was the native of my home country.
County.
Home County.
And as young boy I followed the careers of drivers like Fireball Roberts, Fred Lawrence,
Lee Petty, and Lee Roy Yabra.
NASCAR drivers mostly moonshine runners and mountains of Virginia, North Carolina.
Drove for glory not for money.
In recent years however NASCAR like too many of the sports has turned into a commercialized
money machine, more hyped than substance, more glitz than sports, and more manufactured drama
than actual competition.
Some say the old NASCAR died but they learned hard to lost his life in Daytona 2001,
but the sport was already on life support when Earnhard crashed on the last lap of that race.
The headline on this story by the way is Dale Earnhardt Jr. overhyped Pablo.
In a final twist of it, his Earnhardt son Dale Jr., who today symbolizes
what is wrong with stock car racing for the past week Earnhardt Jr. has been
at the center of immediate feeding frenzy over his decision to leave the company
as father founded and drive for another car owner next season.
He's leaving because his stepmother, who helped her late husband build a company
into a racing powerhouse, won't turn over 51% of the business to a youngster
with no experience running anything but his mouth.
He makes sounds with his mouth.
From all the hype you think the Pope had renounced Catholicism had decided to become a Muslim.
For 72 hours news coverage about Earnhardt's decisions
or past coverage of Britney-shaped Nether regions, David Hasselhoff's drunken eating habits,
Alex Baldwin's angry voice mails, and oh yes that little war in Iraq.
The story even knocked Roger Clemens moved back to the Yankees off the lead
in the ESPN's net renewscast, and sadly like most celebrity stories,
the fewer over Earnhardt Jr. is about as important as who might or might not win American Idol.
If Dale Jr. is named for anything but Earnhardt, we wouldn't give them who he is
or what he drives. In reality, baby Dale is not that good of a driver.
He's a journeyman wheelman with a social team whose career is possible by accident of birth
and a lot of successful marketing.
NASCAR needs Dale Earnhardt Jr. because he's a last desperate connection
to a dead legend, a reminder of the days before stock car racing became TV's replacement
for professional wrestling.
Earnhardt Jr. allowed his handlers to turn him into a marketing bananza.
Forget the fact that he hasn't won a race in over a year, forget his erratic driving,
frequent on track mistakes and like-luster career behind the wheel,
he's Dale Earnhardt's son, looks good on camera,
and serves as a natural sacrificial end to the commercialism gods of NASCAR.
Earnhardt Jr. embodies the new image of NASCAR,
Pete Package, overmarketed and overhyped.
He's scripted Pavlon and perfect symbol for a celebrity driven culture with a little use of a substance.
Americans may be dying at a rack at alarming rates.
The White House may be overrun with scandal and Congress may be robbing the country blind,
but none of this matters. Because American Idol is down to the final three,
the final survivor is about to be voted off the island,
and Dale Jr. is throwing a temper tantrum because mommy won't let him run his deadies company into the ground.
That's Doug Thompson. He's pissed off and fired up as usual, baby.
Good. And probably in the- he's probably in the hills in North Carolina himself.
There's some of that moonshine he was talking about.
You go, Dougie.
Yeah, you go have another pop for us.
1344, that's as in pop as in pop-up.
Holy Moses, you want that again?
1344 in a pool, but he's- I'm telling you somebody out there might actually be listening.
Meet Paris.
He's this spoiled, rich child who needs someone to love.
Now I know what you're thinking.
But, you know, I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
I'm just thinking about you.
Or rehab, unless she bulls rehab.
And a copy of her latest CD if anyone ever gives her another record deal.
And with Save the Spoiled Rich Children's Fund, you know you're dealing with the most respected charity in the world
that deals with spoiled rich children.
Only one quarter of the money we raise goes in part to help these unfortunate, obnoxious young ladies.
So please give the gift of hope with the Save the Spoiled Rich Children's Fund.
As Paris would say, that's hot.
Oh man.
16 Bill Noon at 560 WDQM.
All the major talent all the time.
It's called America's Desperation for Mediocrity.
And I think we're getting there real good from L. President Day right on down.
1361 on the polls.
Is that possible?
It's possible.
1361 means by noon we might actually be at 1400.
We'll get that 15 easy in spite of Chris with all the go-fong in there.
Or is he just gagging on those grouper fingers?
That sounds so grotesque.
Rupert fingers?
Well what is that?
It's fish.
Yeah.
Faa.
Okay?
Yeah.
Fish and a deep, and I bet it's deep fried.
The deeper the better.
No wonder Crystal hates you.
Right.
1361 on that poll baby.
We're on the verge of 14 and we're on the verge of greatness again in spite of Jolly Jo Bell.
And Joyce.
And it's freaking and Joyce by the way there's this great new bit we got that.
You know it sounds anymore.
But it just might have to play ten or twenty more times before the end of the show today.
I'm just, I can't even describe how I am, you know.
And you are too.
Great.
Now was that the first time you heard the finished product?
I didn't listen all the way through and we were talking about it beforehand as we often do about what's coming up and what we should be doing.
And so I knew about it and I listened to enough of it to get the idea but no I didn't get to that part.
Even though I knew it was there.
Well that's good because if it heard before it would have taken a little of the lustre off.
I like to save it for the air when the new bits.
I like to hear them during the show as opposed to before or in time.
I see.
Well I'm sure that Sean is delighted to hear that.
I'm sure.
US health system ranks last compared to other countries.
Oh that can't, don't just think that must be some communist propaganda.
He am so surprised.
The US health care system ranks last among other major rich countries for quality, access and efficiency.
According to two studies released yesterday by a health care think tank.
Too many think tanks is what I think.
The studies by the Commonwealth fund found that the US, which has the most expensive health system in the world,
underperforms consistently relative to other countries and differs most notably in the fact that Americans have no universal health care coverage.
By the way my cardiologist is no longer at the Cleveland Clinic.
How every year in June I get my eye doctor is still there.
I'm going to got an appointment to see him see if my eyes are still in the sockets.
But my cardiologist is no longer at the Cleveland Clinic.
Huh.
And so I don't even know where to turn what to do.
Where to run.
Hello doctor.
Yeah that's what we need.
Maybe somebody will fax this in or email you a cardiologist.
Somebody who's actually got like a license.
I don't have to be like a real doctor you know.
He could be from one of the available countries.
The US stands out as the only nation in these studies that does not ensure enough access to health care through universal coverage and promotion of a medical home for patients said.
Camelwell Fund President Karen Davis.
Do you have a cardiologist? Do you have a doctor?
I have a doctor.
I'm not a cardiologist now.
Well what do I need a cardiologist for?
I don't have a heart.
Well that's what Christel said.
That's your problem.
Our failure to ensure health insurance for all to encourage stable long term ties between physicians and patients shows in our poor performance on measures of quality access efficiency and health outcomes.
In mirror mirror on the wall international update on the comparative performance of American health care.
Isn't that interesting?
This is supposed to be a think tank and they have a study called mirror mirror on the wall.
The study focused on the views of physicians and patients in Australia, Britain, Canada, Germany, New Zealand and the US.
Who are asked to speak about their experiences and views on their health systems.
The US ranked last in most areas including access to health care, patient safety, time-lowness of care, efficiency and equity.
Americans were also less in terms of whether they had a regular physician.
Which is what I'm looking for again right now.
How many times over the years on the year have I like begged for?
I got 30 men.
You know.
And I've Dr. Bush is throwing the coop.
Where would he have gone?
I mean he's no longer the Cleveland Clinic.
He's like maybe retired or something?
He retired?
People do that.
We need to discuss that whether or not I should retire.
I don't think so.
No.
The US spends twice with the average industrialized country because then I'll pee away all my money in all my life savings.
I don't.
And when people leave it to you in my will.
That would be tragic.
The US spends twice with the average industrialized country spends on health care but we're clearly not getting value for the money Davis told AFP.
She also noted that 45 million Americans or 15% of the population have no health insurance which contributes to this country's medical woes.
War is us baby.
War is me.
The United States is also far behind adopting modern health information technology which translates into spiraling costs in poor care.
We pride ourselves on being advanced on so many areas of technology but it's not the case on health information technology Davis said.
Other countries have just moved way ahead.
Britain got the top score in overall ranking among the countries in the study followed by Germany, New Zealand and Australia tied for third, followed by Canada and the USA.
Boy, I guess I don't have much of a choice.
I'm last or next to last.
The second study delves into why health cost in the US is so much higher than eight other countries in the organization for economic cooperation development.
Australia, Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Netherlands and New Zealand.
The study multinationals comparisons of health systems data found that even though the US spends the most on publicly and privately financed health insurance, its citizens had the most potential years of life lost due to circulatory and respiratory diseases as well as.
Diabetes.
You better quit that ice cream, Mr. Ok.
Good.
Good what?
You're quit ice cream?
We all heard it.
For the umpteenth time.
I'm addicted, man.
And I've got to figure out that Briar's score right across the street.
Oh, brother.
I scored a leader of Briar's score.
The study blows a lot of myths about it.
I thought it was a joint that blows.
She does.
She blows.
She blows.
The study blows.
A lot of myths about the US health system, Davis, Italy spends three times with the average country spends on a day of hospital care.
We also spend twice with the average country spends on prescription medication.
It's called raping the public is what it's called.
You will rip off.
Health care is likely to be a prominent issue in the presidential election with various candidates already promising to tackle rising costs and the burden placed on big business to provide health insurance.
We are last.
In most areas, we be last.
Spend a lot of money.
Anke it in quality health care.
That's why we're dying like flies, man.
That's probably why Jerry Falwell died.
Wouldn't you think a great brother like him would have had plenty of good physicians taking care of him morning, noon and night around the clock?
Team.
Team of godly physicians.
Maybe that was the problem.
Maybe they weren't really godly physicians.
Maybe they were like the antichrist.
Maybe they were like godly.
Of course, they were godly.
Of course, they were evil people if they were working on him.
1381 votes on the pool.
We are setting just new highs here on the show.
As some day parts continue setting new lows, especially the 11 in the midnight hour where that point.
Oh, wow.
That one just, I don't know.
I get shaky when I think about that.
That the transmitter could be turned on at any time on this station to get a point.
Oh, what a wryky tiki.
Shaw thinks about that.
And by the way, what do you think of that nice email that you had me forward to?
It was very nice.
And I'm going to talk to my lady later on and see if she wants to go to dinner.
Now, why are you being sarcastic about that?
Huh?
He could have said, you know, he invites you when you're wife to dinner.
He said, you're a good old lady.
He was watching my son.
He said, lady instead.
And you're saying that your wife is not a lady?
Is that what you're saying?
Is that why you're being sarcastic about it?
Okay.
I'd be real careful about that lime gelo that's in a refrigerator home waiting for you to add.
Look, she hates me like a farmer hates a hardworking mule.
She needs me.
She needs me alive.
I have inadequate life insurance.
I see.
1382 on the pool of my doctor told me that it is assuming I had a doctor.
See, my doctor is not going to tell me I got three days to live because I don't got no doctor anymore.
He vanished.
Dr. Bush.
Wow.
Now that's bad news, man.
He's no longer the Cleveland Clinic.
I mean, when it got...
And they seem to have a lot of turnover there in that place.
You know, the one in Western?
I don't know anything about it.
A lot of turnover.
In fact, your buddy, Rivers, the one that turned me on to that place in the first place.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Well, just happened to him.
He just said, quite a group of bypass.
The Rimman, the Grim Rumor.
I wonder if the Grim Rumor thought he was going to meet the Grim, the Grim Ma Reaper.
Or is that Robert Griefer?
What did they call him?
The Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Lord.
I guess he doesn't say that anymore.
See, Kenny, if you wouldn't have said that the first time, nobody would have liked Noctil.
When you started with that Robert Griefer, the Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board, people were like,
we're going to each other like, what?
What is this man talking about?
Like, what about the one that were like that?
You know?
See, Rick Shaw could get away with it back in the day because that was fun.
That's where it was supposed to be.
Hey, I'm going to learn it now, like Rock and Roll radio.
And they actually played what was then Rock and Roll.
As opposed to Rock and Roll's sports talk, was it like that?
No, not like that.
Not good.
Not good.
Not listenable.
Annoying.
1385.
I'll see the world if I have 30 days to live 400.
I'll have as much sex as humanly possible 304.
I think some people might already be doing that.
Write my will and get my affairs in order to 255.
Humbop Joyce and kick her in the balls 157.
Spend my life savings on eating and parting 136.
By the way, be sure and take a look at the new Brady Quinn picture right under our poll on neorogers.com.
Or at least he's squeezing his own this time as opposed to some poor unsuspecting young man.
Get drunk and stay drunk 67.
I wouldn't do anything about 30.
If I had 30 days, I wouldn't do it about 30.
Wouldn't do anything.
Boring.
Oh, look at that.
The British media just reported Prince Harry will not be sent to Iraq.
What would they?
And you see how the soldiers were saying they were always going to put on their uniforms on Harry?
Yes, they're just going to support.
Yeah, like they would believe that.
Like they wouldn't know him from a million miles away with that ruddy pasty complexion, you know?
If I had 30 days to live, I'd become real religious real fast 27.
Make amends with those I've wronged 25, 25 of you bastards, man, who've wronged people, who've done evil and ill the folks.
You've got 30 days to make it right.
Crawling to bed and stay there, eight, and the end of it all right now, solimentary, safe.
I'd give a six shooter for those safe.
What a good idea.
Sure.
That works.
And as you're just about to pull the trigger, the phone is ringing and somebody in the house picks it up.
All of the diagnosis was wrong.
Oh, geez.
It's like I said, you know, committing suicide by jumping off the balcony and dropping 24 or something.
You get about halfway down and you think, gee, I don't think this was such a good idea.
Maybe things run as bad as I...
Oh, too late.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
If you're going to blow your brains out, do it like, you know, make sure it works.
Quick.
And what is that business about quick and painless?
You think that's painless?
It's quick anyway.
So if it is painful, it doesn't last long.
No, well, that's good.
The pain stops real fast as could sure.
It's kind of like working in this place, you know, pain never stops.
And you know why?
Because Joyce...
No.
I've heard.
Yeah.
That's the rumor going around town this morning.
I guarantee everybody's doing that the water cooler.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Mm-hmm.
Man's sausage radio.
Five, six, eight.
You'll be able to be...
Presents.
Ask the management.
We want to know what you...
The listeners think.
And now for this installment, we give you five, sixty-w, four AM genital manglier, Jolly Joe Bell.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Oh, this is Joe Bell.
And, uh...
Well, I never did anything like this before.
Why, uh...
I'd never even turned on the radio before.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
I never thought of this.
Oh, I'm ready to take your calls.
Oh.
Hello!
Hi!
Hi!
Uh...
What did he uh... hello?
Yeah is this Hank?
Oh, the world is our oyster if you will.
Oh, look!
I have a fine example for you.
Here is a utility bill from FPL.
Oh, here's how you handle those jerks.
We have a generator anyway.
And here's one from the satellite company.
Oh, he's running when we're trying to run a radio station.
And uh... what's this?
Oh, this is an invoice from BocaBrien.
I'll tear those up right away.
I have one on the quake.
What happened?
Hello?
The phones are off?
No problem!
We can play tapes of calls.
Oh, okay.
Uh, this is a tape of a caller.
Uh, maybe a sports related question on tape.
Oh, we're on generator power?
Ratchet of the law?
Oh, I'll play a tape.
Oh, I don't know the difference.
There he is.
That's a jolly Joe with a big fat ass in the uh... mill.
And all that big uh... Ra Ra's system boss stuff.
He hasn't got a clue.
I wonder if he even knows the Joyce Burrows.
Do you think he knows that?
All of them know that.
Yes, we have 14 every votes on the poll.
Hallelujah, baby.
Of course we started with a thousand but never less.
Did we start with a thousand or eleven hundred?
I forgot.
I think it was eleven oh eight.
Wasn't it?
Chris was supposed to be monitoring me.
I know.
This is only from about eleven oh eight or something like that.
You figure like a thousand at nine o'clock.
Oh, brother.
You know, at least I know they're not paying anything.
But you could at least pretend to care.
You know?
What if they said yes or no?
But they're not.
We'll try for greatness on this show as opposed to just being here to help people kill four hours
in the middle of a very boring software delight.
I have no life.
That's what we're here for.
It's to kill some good time for you folks.
Give me a few yucks every now and then.
And one of the ways we do that is by playing really neat stuff like...
Ain't no fun sounds anymore.
Like that.
If you can't play fart sounds, play songs about no fart sound.
Ain't no fun sounds like before.
I just want to get to the chorus here.
You sure?
Ain't no fun.
14 after both even maybe.
We'll get to like 15 and we'll take the point.
We won't have to worry about it all.
You can take the listen.
You can take the lady to nice and nice.
Take it to Ruth Chris.
Chris will take care of it.
Can't say f***ing f***ing now.
14.05.
Now they're coming in in chunks.
I'll be cause of some bitch cow.
You ferret.
We hate you Joyce.
Just bring the ratings down.
She don't want me around.
And I want everybody.
We're ready now.
Everybody, roll down the windows and turn it up.
Loud is what you can play.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy, listen.
Oh
But you got to hold on something back. You know, so they want more later. I know like in about ten minutes
Groups develop fresh new way to promote impeachment. I like stories like this in fact
They got the pictures here of these little impeachments. They're men's
You know people who men's I know a few I bet
A group seeking to promote the impeachment of President Bush and vice president
Vic Cheney's hoping to further their case by appealing to many Congress members well-known sweet teeth
sweet tooths
The progressive Democrats of America have offered to send impeachments to senators and representatives in Congress for a first year democracy
already yours today the PDA website says the group which helped drive a push in California last month to get the states
Democratic Party to officially endorse impeachment is seeking donations to send packets of the breathments to congressional offices
With a $10 donation the progressive Democrats will send send the candies to a donors congressional representative a
$15 donation send the mints to both of the donors as well as their member of Congress more information is available on the PDA
Website and the story doesn't bother telling us you know what it is just go a Google PDA
Progressive Democrats of America and I'm sure it'll take you right to their website or maybe not and then we can call up the people
Or else story and say what kind of crap was that you know you're promoting these impeachments?
M-I-N-T-S it's cute
They're like a little those little tiny packages like the minutes of day like a roof christian when you leave sure
And you go on you and there's a huge bull them and you just fill up all your pockets with them
You know because it's like stealing the sweet and low at Poverniks, which is why they're all out of business
All new young leopards now present there you missed the great era
Of when all the old parts all the old trolls that destroyed South Florida and turned it what it is today
And after a funeral prer
All those people stole a silverware and a sweet and low and the mints and the napkins and everything else
They get their hands on air every at the wolfies and at Poverniks and all of these places and the rascal house to understand is going
Going down isn't it or is that just a rumor? I don't know. Then we hear they're going down
Although most of the people who eat at the ranch gloves. I don't think are capable of going down
Well, they may go down
They may go down once but they ain't coming back up back to catch my accuracy
Yeah
1414 now when did we have that number before on this show that was yesterday's total wasn't it yes it was
14 14
Just keep saying that to yourself. You see this isn't it. She blows. She blows. She blows. She blows 1414
huh
On our poll if my doctor told me I had three days to live and of course like I said I need did anybody
Facts in the name of a doctor a cardiologist
No, anybody said in like emails or stuff like that. Well, what the hell is that all about no
Once upon a time I got a doctor because he affects us and he wanted to be my doctor remember him
That's where a doctor. I don't want to mention his name on here
He's the doctor that said you know quick taking your blood pressure medication remember that
Luckily, I brought some along in my pocket that day at work
And I stopped taking it and I brought along my blood pressure cover my blood pressure was like 900 over 800
I mean like my face was beat red. I looked like
Santa on a bad day like the dog Jolly Joe
And I said to myself I think stuff. I'm gonna take these pills anyway, and spread it with this crazy doctor
I
Like that tell somebody with high blood pressure. I want you to just try a goal without you know sure
Well, he had a bunch of other pills. I
See the federal aviation administration should not land big planes on the South Runway for a lot of day
Hollywood International Airport and stop expanding these of the cross-wind runway until it produces an environmental impact study
According to a panel of judges. I'm gonna tell you that airport is just it's for crazy people at least terminal 4 the international one
They've got they've got like 600 flights in a terminal and that's the size of a phone booth and
Everybody and there's always like all exasperated and pissed off and like oh jeez
What's wrong with this place? I know all the flights are always late, and it's just there's just something with that place
You know if you of course you've never been in there because you have to go anywhere. No, I'd take people up and drop them off all the time
You do yeah from terminal 4 from wherever from all over the world for that terminal 4 light. It's terminal
But for now the FAA can continue using those runways because the final judgment will come a week after the 45 days
The agencies have been given to see another hearing from the courts of Kathleen Bergen and FAA spokeswoman
The ruling issued last Friday was seen as a victory for Daniel Beach in Hollywood
Which took the FAA to court and hopes of restricting
It's used to the runways it also came a few weeks before Howard County Commission's vote to choose one of several one-way
Expansion options for the airport County Vota schedule for June 5
Daniel Beach officials broke the news yesterday morning at a press conference held a mayor Bob Antons backyard in the presence of City officials in about two dozen expansion
Opponents wearing red red T-shirt saying no airport expansion dammit
Anten was Malalooka gardens neighborhood would be severely affected by a proposed South Runway expansion
Said Danny would keep fighting the project now Malalooka gardens
Do you think they really have like Malalooka trees and Malalooka gardens?
I hope not because there's nothing worse than Malalooka trees right
Boy those things they they you know as the stuff is the bark
It's knocked off by the wind and the hurricanes and the stuff and they emit into the air all sorts of allergens and crap
And you're dying over there from Malalooka trees
In fact, I think that's what God was trying to do because the the natives in Florida were too lazy to chop down all the Malalooka trees
You know as those were the first ones that went down during the hurricanes. That's right like toothpicks
God hate those the Lord is not too happy about those who was to have to about your a follow-up look what happened to him
Brandily shallow for an attorney in consultant hired by Daniel Beach said it was unclear whether the FAA would complab the court's decision
But she said Danny would keep monitoring the use of those runways and the city of Nesha said would seek a court
Injunction to stuff any further unauthorized use she said the agencies use both runways to reduce delays
The airport by allowing bigger planes on the south runways and using a crosswind for purposes other than those of his design for such as emergencies and special events
But it would put a bit of a and anyway the bottom line is that airport sucks
It blows it blows. It's like Joyce. That's a good poll question or maybe a question on
Jeopardy and the answer is it blows and you fill in the blank, you know, you know if the airport cause it blows
You don't like Joyce because she blows
1420 votes on the poll man. I don't know what it is today. What's going on yesterday?
I'm telling I feel like we've turned the corner and maybe it would buy two maybe the win like Zillians today you think?
No, no, no, no. Why is so negative just my life?
Who's gonna get Ricky a blow?
Carly's wake up is in lockdown
I bet she's one scared of top
Harris opens go in to jail
Like slowly stars should be behind bars
Be that fool and smoke is a guard
Harris opens go in to jail
She'll face so long to breathe
And now the courage he
Then sit down on a metal seat while people watch her feed
She made her own turn now she will learn how much most cost from some girl named Loverne
Harris, help who's go in to jail
45 nights without any rights will she have any new show or flight
Harris opens go in to jail
It won't be so hot when this will slump
Passively far the heart is in cut
Harris opens go in to jail
Crying like a baby so uncontrollably
The less in here is that she does ruin the B&B
It's no simple life watch out for a night for someone who wants to make you her wife
Harris opens go in to jail
All right, about 17 at 5.60 WDQA
And well we got some bad news for all you, even for Brady Quinn too I guess
After a decade long battle with the city, adult retailer the fetish box
Is specialist in leather and late Texan Danie Beach has decided to close its doors
Still owner Sean Newman and Denise Roman told the hero that after a decade of fighting they just need to break they can't take it no more
Newman and Roman said they might get back into business, but not in Danie Beach
This town is just going nowhere Newman told the hero. Did you know that Danie Beach is going nowhere?
No, I didn't know that I did a brilliant. They got Jackson's ice cream there. What else did they got that spot in?
We're done when they got highlight too. I guess 80k would be up center for let that out. That's it
Despite its economic successes in a town of failed businesses
Newman and Roman never made any friends at City Hall
We want to leave people with a better impression when they come through our city commissioner and cashier told the hero
Most cities zone those kinds of stores in more industrial areas where you won't find families or tourists
God forbid
According to the report the fetish box survived to crack down on signs in 1998 a request from a developer
Wastocity to turn it into a hospitality set up for tourists in 99 and it's including the city's community redevelopment agency
The final blow came last year when city officials began
What that word is all over the place is all over the place wow
The final blow came last year when city officials began retroactively enforcing zoning laws from
2001 which required all adultery and the businesses to move to industrial or orifice areas
Newman told the hero they considered relocating but couldn't find a suitable location in the designated areas
Which I'm sure is the idea you know
Got to put them out of business man because we got to close down those fetish stores
Could I give you those dildos and stuff and all those whips and chains and like that?
Whatever that get up is that Brady Quinn's got in that picture while he's squeezing his own goods
Or bad
No, I would say goods that would be my take on it
And of course you will have to wonder who he's pointing at
I don't know probably probably one of those guys from the picture beneath that one
One of the other members of the village people I imagine
Was that what it is?
People let me come on
Brady Quinn in the village people are you crazy or what I think you got a good point
Or speak out of that and you know the guy who's the uh Sean the mouse he's a cat on the Myspace thing
I don't know what it is whatever the guy you were ripping yesterday
Well, he didn't pay any attention to you. He still sent me some good stuff good. Thanks Sean
Pay no attention in fact
I would just say all the guys name Sean he's a lie. Yeah, he's what's fine
I said he doesn't know how to upload a real picture of himself
But he uploaded that one so he's not being honest
Maybe he doesn't want to put a real picture of himself fine, but he's the point was that you said that he didn't know how
No, yeah, that's what he said
I'm saying that's not true
X-deacon charged with sex assault and gassed in county and I went and held his guest in county. I don't know
See, I would this this would be more I guess I can go back on there
It says a former gastonia church deacon was charged Monday with sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl nice
Paul Kevin shy of his 43 which charged with statutory sex offense taking indecent liberties with the child and committing a crime against nature
Said sergeant gene reverb the gastonia police department isn't gastonia like in one of the cure liners
Nothing to be finer than to be in Carolina whatever. I mean to live on Google it
How how how difficult could that possibly be not difficult?
Police believe sexual play acts took place in shives gastonia home in November
He was released Monday night in 200 grand bond
Thank you. Well there you go. What I tell you guys don't need North Carolina. It figures baby
Chives have been a decadent new home back to church still November
We've received chives didn't meet the victim now 14 through church. Well, I guess that makes it better than
Right doesn't I mean he was he was 43 and she's 13, but he didn't meet her through church. So I guess that makes a little more kosher
1434 in our probe one. I'm just I don't know what to say about it flabbergasted
A bubble Ludwig speak of they like a meong bubble Ludwig can't walk talk or open refrigerated orby does have his very own Illinois gun permit
I ride
The 10-month-old who's given name is Howard David Ludwig was issued a firearm owner's ID card after his father Howard Ludwig
Payed the $5 fee and filled out the application of expecting to actually get one the cardless the baby's height two feet three inches
Weight 20 pounds and has a scribble with a signature ought to be
With some exceptions the cards are required of any Illinois residents purchasing or possessing firearms
Remunition within the state there are no age restrictions on the cards an official said
Illinois State Police oversee the application process their purpose of Lieutenant Scott
Compton is to keep guns out of the hands of convicted felons those under an order of protection and those convicted of domestic violence
There's a 10-month-old need an FOID card. No, but there are no restrictions under the act regarding age of applicants
He said 10 months old going to get a gun and shoot a bunch of people up
Ludwig 30 of Chicago applied for the card after his own father bought bubble a 12-gauge beretta shotgun as a gift
The weapon will probably be kept at Ludwig's father's house until the boys at least 14 as that 14 years or 14 months
He's 10 months old now maybe 14 months that should be old enough and then but a baby
Not you never start to worry shooting people, you know
Especially in America that's that's our goal. Let's kill some people today. Let's make it a worthwhile day and kill a bunch of people
Not that I have anybody particular in mind who blows
Well, yeah somebody who may be
Really blows and so somebody is taking the effort to really now
How did they do this do they actually type that out the thing you faxed me just you can cut and paste them this
Hit pace pace pace pace pace over and over again says balka brine is the best guess. I want to be playing in my head all weekend
Says she blows about 80 million times on this page Larry. Thank you, Larry. Obviously Larry's got a full-witch life
And he's just well, yeah, he got caught up in it and who the hell didn't you know can you blame him? Nope
Everybody all over town is singing it. She blows. She's like they're doing it all over
They're gonna get you joy to put an evil hex on your ass honey. You're done. You're dead meat
Fort
1439
What a nasty huh now what is what's your name say about it Georgia?
What does who say about what what does she say about what is she thinking about this Joyce situation?
I don't think she knows all that much about you better
On your knee now how old is your junior sales lady? I think she's about 23 maybe 24 really and she's a very nice person who loves us both
Well good. Love you Georgia
Now maybe she can do something about Joyce. Maybe she can call her uncle and say hey listen
Well, I'll send a package with her. How's that?
Yeah
See very little crystal over. He's talking about handing a package to Georgia. I heard that I don't think she'd take it
I caught your drift and if she smarts you would not turn it right now
Now that Brady Quinn it looks like he's got packages
God he's just a wild child. He's just always got his hand on something either his own or somebody else's or both
Which is not a bad idea by the way
1442 on the pool if my doctor told me I had 30 days left to live
I read these fast because it's you know, it's it's a good poll
But it's annoying to read it. You know, I mean some of them are fun to read it. This is just annoying
Because the results don't mean anything. You know what I'm saying? Right
This is how I could you vote for if the election were tomorrow or you know, which is better good or bad or you know
Paper or plastic. This is like more generic
If my doctor told me I had 30 days to live I'd see the world far better than 20 put it on my American Express
Who cares because I wouldn't be around to pay it anyway
Have as much sex as humanly possible 310 now we're talking
That's the kind of thing I can relate to there's 10 Kennedy all fire
You can probably relate to it too and they chopped him right off you see that as because the inazis are controlling the media
Right my will get my affairs in order 230
Come up Joyce and kick her in a balls 168 because she blows
Spend my life savings on eating and parting 144 get drunk and stayed drunk 69. I wouldn't do anything 32 very boring people
Become real religious real fast 28 make amends with those I've wronged up to 27 now. Why do you like to know those stories
Crawling to bed and stay there 8 and ended all right now 6 out of 1442
And by the way speaking of that deal there what that'll happen to my good buddy Ricky disappeared again a second time
I sent him an email last night after he
Confedulated yesterday during the show
And then not read not responded not answered not to know where come on Ricky Ricky seems to have a very rich full life
Maybe two weeks he's got a lot of stuff going on. I guess a lot of people looking for him too
Sounds like people
Ain't no more sounds anymore
Some stinky corporate home name Joyce took them away
You can do you can do you can say
I'll be cause of some bitch
lib
Had
A
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about
this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I
was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this
I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about
this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I
was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this
I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about
I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about
I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about
this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I
was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this
I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about this place, I was thinking about
Nobody, am I right about that? Yes, it has failed already, miserable. And let me just say one thing about tapes, tapes of any shows, I don't care how good the show is, you know what I can tell you about tapes? They blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they
blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow,
they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow
they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow
They blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow, they blow
I'm heterosexual, but it's getting harder and harder to be Yeah, it's getting harder and harder It's 12.45, we got 400, what we got? 14, everybody is 75, if we had 4.75, I jumped out the window right now, do you believe me? No, that would really blow 14.75, I mean we got 15 minutes to get, it really doesn't make any difference at which point we get to 1500, it's just for fun, you know, it's like, like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's
like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat
it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having
a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it
is like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a
chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's
like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat
it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having
a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it
is like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a
chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's
like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat, it's like having a chat
for a far-bisoner guy, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man,
man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man. It's in the pigmentation of your skin. It's in the pigmentation of your skin. If you eat a lot of really spicy stuff. Sure, well, you are what you eat.
Ice cream? Yes, that's why you're a.
What, a screamer?
That ice creamer? Oh. See did on the lounge chair. Terry Hagen, 24 of OMG, 24 of Mars Field was constantly.
Took a last leg of his cigarette, extinguished it in the sand, and tucked it into a plastic hooder's bag.
If he does that every time he's looking at reporters, he's not a part of the problem, but someone's leaving butts behind.
Leave your butt on the beach.
Especially you frogs, man.
You French Canadians get your butt off the beach now.
People are swimming from it, okay?
With those speedos, oh God.
The ocean conservancy which organizes thousands of volunteers each year for international
coastal cleanup says, cigarettes are the top item in the ranking of debris picked up.
Volunteers collected more than a million cigarettes from UI shorelines on a single day in 2005.
The latest year for which information is available easily outpacing the next category, Food
Rappers.
Food Rappers I can understand.
It's like a debris man.
It's garbage.
Like the French, you don't throw your garbage on the beach, around the ground.
But cigarette butts, you can show those off the window of a car, right?
Yes.
Yes.
Probably got it.
That's garbage.
It's not garbage.
I think it's still going to be littering and you can get a ticket.
First try on a cigarette butt off the window.
Just throw it out of.
That's crazy.
Everything is another offense.
There everything offends everybody and nothing.
Not just crap.
In Palm Beach County, Delray Beach commissioners in February voted on a plane to divide these
cities mile long beach into smoking and on smoking areas.
Rita Ellis sworn in as mayor last see that it's a miracle for you.
They want to put the faggot.
It's all one part of the beach.
Rita Ellis sworn in as mayor last March in Delray Beach said she's been indedated by
emails, phone calls and conversations with people about where the smoking section on the
beach ought to be.
I received so many emails from people who said, please don't put the signs in front of
where I go to the beach.
I'll put it in front of somebody else.
Ellis suggested to see rethink the issue and consider it a workshop soon.
While the tobacco and paper and cigarette butts degrade fairly quickly, the filter, which
is made of seduoso and plastic, persists, said Bill Walsh, who's superintendent of park
planning and designed for the Palm Beach County, recreation and park department.
That's where the chemicals are.
He said plastic seduoso products let last forever.
Seabirds have been known to ingest them.
Fish have ingested them.
Maybe they like them.
I got an answer for that.
Don't smoke no more filters.
Smoke camels, man.
First of all, it'll totally dissipate.
And secondly, you'll die a lot sooner and you won't have to be thrown crap on the beach.
Right?
Right.
Camels.
Man, those things talk about a cancer stick.
You're working stick, though.
It's like them.
Palm Beach County, cities and volunteers have been engaged in a pilot program aimed at cigarette
butts trying different devices to see which best inspires smokers to dispose of butts
properly.
These include bags dispensers and signs inviting smokers to get a pocket airstri from a lifeguard.
Get a pocket rocket.
What's a pocket airstri?
Airstri that the lid folds on it and closes up.
And where do you put it on your ash?
Well, you can.
Or you can.
Working 91 under four, by the way, we need nine votes in four minutes to get 15 at
the time of one o'clock.
And then Chris is going to do a kazansky.
He's going to run out there on 441 and jump up and down like a crazy person.
By the way, what's your thoughts?
It was.
It's a Jewish dance.
I didn't even got to do it.
I didn't just run around like a crazy person.
Okay, even more of the smoke around 440 else commission said he didn't mind making a violation
to toss a filter on the ground.
Literary is already illegal in 440.
More said enforcement stinks.
It's running rampity said the city is just a disgrace for the amount of litter.
Enforcement stinks.
Also to faggot stink.
Okay, some of them and some of them have good hygiene.
This is the kind of craft that they waste your tax dollars on and their time on.
They're precious valuable time.
Arguing about whether you can throw cigarette butts in the sand.
I say throw all the butts in there you want.
Okay, in fact, just throw the whole pack in there.
Don't smoke them.
Isn't that good advice?
All you young people out there, right?
Throw the fucking in the faggot and just throw the whole pack on the beach.
Let somebody else smoke them and die of lung cancer and infestima.
All of these horrible grotesque things.
1491, 1256.
I'm going to click this baby a couple of times.
1491.
It's not moving Chris.
You're not leading.
You're not leading up.
And I know they're out there today, man.
They're out there heavy duty.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
You can almost reach out and touch it.
That's it.
Okay, it's got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole.
I listen to the old Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the old Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours.
What the hell on in a game of tonight?
Paris Hilton, Martha Stewart.
It's a pleasure to talk to you both.
Thank you.
Martha, you figured out how to break out of a jail cell.
Oh, yeah.
And you're going to teach Paris how to do it.
Really?
Okay, but you figured out.
What's that?
With working tool.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're going to have to hold this in your hand just like that.
And this is pretty easy to do.
Yeah.
A little messy.
Some other pace of it.
Um, you really look very sexy.
I'm not.
Who's six?
What color are your nipples?
Um, pink.
I love that.
Oh, I like yours very much.
And the guy.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I like this a lot.
Martha?
Yeah.
You're going to squeeze.
Yeah.
Very sweet.
Taste the mist.
So delicious.
It's a lot of fun.
Go back and forth.
This is a little weird.
And you're going to bend over.
Yeah.
And do anything you like.
Okay, 101 at 560.
Here's a message for George from Sean with the Akiti kid on the Myspace page.
Uh-huh.
He says, first of all, it gives me some information about the www.medicare.org.
They'll rate and find the doctor's nearest you.
You should use this since, uh, what does it say?
Oh, November, you'll need to find one that takes Medicare anyway.
Well, that's right.
November, I'm going to be a senior.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
I stopped the clock right now.
Okay.
I'm going to hold back the hands of time.
A senior citizen, but that means I get big discounts like a buck or two.
How much discount do you get when you get to be an old fart?
You're asking me.
You tell our lines.
Like on the airlines.
Uh-huh.
Do you have any idea?
No.
About ten bucks.
No, that's not true.
Many airlines have like, uh, in fact, when you make a reservation, how many, how many are you?
Adults under, um, 64 or younger or children.
So I'm assuming 65 or older, you get like, uh, two bucks off or something.
No idea.
Anyway, he says, as for George, I don't have kids to teach me these things.
My cell phone takes pictures, but then if I know if I can email them to me.
Or something like that.
No problem, Sean.
I feel you.
In other words, Sean is technically challenged.
Okay.
He doesn't have kids to teach him all the old.
George, your kids didn't teach him all the old.
I taught my kids.
Well, that was sweet.
You see.
And then now that she could teach me a thing or two now, but nevertheless.
Oh, I bet she could.
Right.
I bet you mean Sabrina, you're talking about not a little horse.
How old is the little one now?
Really?
Yes.
Well, she doesn't get here.
They're showing she wouldn't understand it anyway.
No.
She wouldn't get the subtle humor that we got through.
Oh, no.
Like Joyce Blows likes that like that.
Although she knows that.
What?
Well, who the hell does that?
That's exactly right.
Everyone knows that.
In other words, we're not putting it on here.
It's like kind of a bulletin.
It's just for humor's sake.
Let's see if we made it to 15 yet.
Oh, 1498.
That's great.
Because that gives us a chance to do it right here on the ear.
I'm clicking that little baby and it's still 1498.
We need two more votes.
They slowed down right there at one o'clock.
Just to aggravate me.
And it's consistent with the message that they send out.
Yeah, that one.
But you'll see it's our crowd, man.
See, one thing about this audience.
I'm not talking about those stupid callers all for them.
I'm talking about the listening audience.
They come through for us.
Big time.
Big time.
Big fat time.
Especially if we'd play that bit two, three more times a sour.
Now, where's this story?
Oh, and the Sean guy on there.
He said some good stuff.
I don't know where the hell he's got the time.
I guess he's maybe worse nights or maybe he's retired.
Or who knows what it is.
I don't know.
This is from the Dallas Morning News.
Another clergy sex abuse law.
So it's been filed against the Catholic diocese of Dallas.
This time with three plaintiffs.
The men claim to have been molested years ago by Montsen.
Your Richard E. Johnson.
Oh, no.
Last summer the diocese announced verifying a sexual abuse complaint
against Montsen.
Then it's St. Patrick Catholic Church.
In Lake Highlands, Texas, the diocese pardoned from the ministry,
he was already a retirement age.
The sooth file yesterday in Dallas County District Court led to
that Montsen, a lawyer, was one of the plaintiffs beginning in late 63 or 4
while a priest at St. Luke Catholic Church in Irving.
The plaintiff was 14 years old when the abuse began to continue for three years.
Another plaintiff said that he was about 10 years old when he began to be abused
by Montsen at St. Bernard of Clairvoy, a court of old Catholic Church in Dallas.
Montsen, your Johnson.
I wonder if that's what he was abusing was the kids.
Hmm?
Beginning in 73 or 4 and continuing for about five years.
A third plaintiff alleges that he was nearly 12 on Montsen,
your Johnson, began to abuse him again at St. Bernard.
The abuse began in 78 continued two to four times a month through 1984.
The soot charges negligence by diocese officials asked for actual impudentive damages.
To hear a con merit, the attorney for the plaintiff said that
diocese got a complaint about Montsen, your Johnson, in 2001,
but a lot of them were inactive in the priesthood, 2006,
so it could final some more of the little kids and destroy people's lives.
The diocese, and it insures a paid out more than $45 million to sex abuse victims.
That's just the Adalist diocese.
This is the first time suit filed against the diocese since Bishop Kevin Ferrell
became its top official this month.
While G, it's already the 16th of the month, they're making really good progress.
Okay? Here's the first one this month.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
The Daniel Croaks, what will be your response? Ther are the choices. He died doing what he wanted to do. I guess that all depends on what I'm doing when I quote. Or more appropriately, who I'm doing when I quote. He's macking on Jesus right now. Isn't that kind of sad? Are you sure? I don't. He even fills line there. Don't. That's okay. Fill in on no more anyway. I know he's up there looking down on all of us. He is in that big radio station in the sky. He died a free man. No wife. I'm voting for that. I like that.
He died a free man. Even George would agree with that. Not like that. He was a lovely human being blah blah blah. Who's in the will? He was a rotten bastard. Good ridden. So we got a couple of votes. I voted for you. I mean somebody vote. He was a lovely human being. Who's in the will. I wonder who that was. That cast that vote. Let's trace the IP address.
So we passed that vote.
All right.
So here's the final result of the other one.
We got 504.
See, we did a Chris.
We did it just like David Sancho would say.
We did it.
We did it.
You fell.
Yeah, that's for you, David.
So the mollons will be off the station next year.
Oh, what a...
That's good news, bad news.
The good news is the ratings might actually go up.
And bad news is we missed those early exits.
Like that one day was it last Thursday?
What do we do tomorrow?
No, yeah, we're at that one.
There was last Thursday.
I got it out of here at 11.30 in the morning.
Oh, man.
In fact, that's when started all the good stuff last Thursday.
It's been a fine time ever since then.
Things have been going really good.
My luck turned around a woodbine.
I win every day or break even whatever.
Everything is going just going hunky-dory.
5004 on a pool.
If my doctor told me I had 30 days left to live.
About 30, man.
I would see the world.
439.
That's right.
Spend it all and go slip all around the world.
See it all.
And maybe grab a little too.
Have as much sex as humanly possible speaking that 326.
That sounds like a wiener to me.
Write my will and get my affairs in order 234.
A lot of it.
A lot of it.
Talk about wills, you know?
I like that song by the Beatles though.
I bet you don't have that.
I will.
That's on the White Album.
Now we've been through that once before.
And I think I got it.
And you found it.
Oh, Christ.
Put up Joyce and Kaker in the balls because she...
No.
182.
Spend my life savings on eating and parting 148.
Get drunk and stay drunk.
69.
I wouldn't do anything.
32 is extremely boring people.
So I like that.
That's quite a little bit.
Sure, it's a short one.
Yeah, it's from the White Album.
Am I right?
Yes.
As far as I know, I'm not sure.
Yes, I am sure.
Probably.
The whole story is, why don't we do it in the road?
It's a good song.
Rocky Rikun.
Right.
Mark the mighty ear.
Mark the mighty ear, I like a lot.
It's a good song.
You know, it's about a dog.
Is it?
It's about his dog.
It's sheep dog.
Oh, sweet.
Please, me like it more.
I bet the Z-Man likes that.
He's a big dog.
You know our friend is Z-Man?
No.
Who's pissed off me for the meeting?
I just think you want to admit that he's not...
He's pretty disappointed.
He's giving him crap, Z-Man.
He does.
He's...
He's...
He cares anyway.
I don't care how much money you leave to some of us.
You're still worth more life than dead.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
n' is don't love letters in the sand bu what you are in the middle of the song on the day you can hear other boys and boys ladies wassling this dance dance dance dance 20 minutes away and then I will do some
Man, is that infectious? You know what?
I know I heard yeah, oh
Sure can be very infectious watch where you're going with that now
Watch
Don't get a little bit too carried away like I'm infectious. Yeah, he sure was too like a
Like a leprosy like like Barry Barry like Lou Downs said like a leaper
20 votes on the new pool. I like this one man on the day that Neil croaks what will be your response?
34 votes they're coming in big time now in fact I think they're probably waiting for it. Oh
I'll take it one thing they leave Joyce and jolly jolly clearance around for you long and they won't maybe not be that far away
He died a free man no wife 11. He was a lovely human being who's in the will nine. He died doing what he wanted to do five. He's in that big radio station in the sky for
He was a rotten bastard good riddance to he's making on Jesus right now too. Oh it's Pat Boone rhymes with Boone and Moon and June and
Tune. I don't even play it. No, no, that's uh I'm not done yet. Oh it's just a preview. Okay well we can we can certainly wait. I mean he couldn't sing a lick. He could lick a
Little eyes when I heard but he couldn't say to look a sing and I know he is up there looking down at all of us one one silly person says they always say that
Oh he's up there in the sky looking down all of it. He's got nobody in the eyes no brain and no heart and no liver and no kidney and no
Spleen but he's up there looking down at us. He'll just float right up there. Yeah I'll float. I can already do that.
There we go.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god. Both of them are going to the same time. What's happening to them? There we go. It's happening in stereo.
I want to get to the problem with Whistling. I wonder if he whistles very shortly.
What is it? 158. 17. Hi, that's me and I can be. I was saying that she's 58.
That's more or also what? 58. 57.
Oh man I hit my thumb right on and it should be a bit.
Oh I better cut Whistler's Fires.
Oh. He got a one. He could almost sing a little stamp. I don't even know if it would be good.
There comes the Whistler in part, man. Put your list together and just go a little bit.
It's actually like halfway through. I'm going to have to play way too much of this.
Kill in the audience, baby.
You're coming. You're ready. Get emotional about it.
I just get emotional about it. I told you that picture. I can't use a baby's shoe.
There we go. That's him. She actually whistleed it all on me here.
I put my lips together and blow up and nothing comes out. Oh there's a little something.
Okay that's enough. That's it, that's it.
There we go. A little Pat Boon. You won't hear that on magic.
I ain't no thought sounds anymore
Ain't no fun sounds like before
Ain't no thought sounds anymore
For some stinky corporate home
Ninjoys took them away
Can't say f*****t now
I'll be close up some bitch cow
Just to bring the ratings down
She don't want me around
And that's why she took them away
Okay, here comes the best part, get ready now
She blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she
cut
yeah yeah well i don't know what uh...
i don't know where exactly
what to take it
seventy five votes on the pool man i got my shoes on my pantaloon is my shirt
i got my whole kit my wood buying kit ready i got my
cab money in my pocket
yeah i don't know about you but i'm like um...
creature have it our most people
yeah you get into a routine developed routine that's the word routine that's
what i see in the industry
and i got everything all set to go here
for wood buying Wednesday
and there were those idiots always got such a bad gambling problem
oh you know it must really be something to live a life and be so depressed
and more but like my mother for example
till they she croak man she was as morose and more but if i had a gun i would
shoot my son of course it turned out she didn't have to
and every time she'd say that i'd say you know right up the street you know
where she lived on sterling road
right and i just a few blocks off where about you want and i'd say right up
right up the street there in four forty one you find tons of pawn shops
lots of cheap guns
but she never rush you never done it
and i told you that's why you know when i used to tell her ninety was old enough
and the she made it till she died under ninety first birthday just just to be
uh... you know
just to prove that she had the last word i'll show you a thing or two
now
she was truly evil in her own way
seventy seven votes on the new poll boy boy we had what we have on the other
one fifteen or four
i thought i'd
what it means something like that you're supposed to be the polis to mister
uh... but i thought i'm a mister
fifty or four i got a right here i say that i mean i wouldn't throw that away
yet
you saw the crap i have laying around here and i don't know why what are we doing
i don't know
just because maybe as first it would take a no phone calls let me just give you
a little hint on the day and not that you're ever gonna do that
but you have a big pile of crap you better not like run out
i always run out
eighty
eighty votes on the new pool so we got fifteen eighty four over easily into a
total of over sixteen
between the two but i know you always say that she's because it's two different
polls
a lot of crossover there around big deal
like we need to care about that
it's like if you get a bunch of wired iris when the book comes out like certain
people that across the street in jane where you have a bunch of wired iris
all we're not gonna accept those ratings because that's cheap you know
somebody put down diddo diddo diddo did like that
which we better hope our people start doing a lot more of real soon
real soon
eighty votes on the pool of the annual croaks what will your response be
he died a free man no wife twenty four
he was a lovely human being blah blah blah who's in the will nineteen under
on the blah blah blah part who's in the will
but you know who's gonna be in the will
including you
all
i didn't say how much
don't matter
what do you think Chris about a hundred grand for George
oh yeah
he died doing what he wanted to do eighteen
he's in that big radio station the sky ten i wish it was a he died doing who he
wanted to
who
when that he said maybe that would be why we'd
i don't think all of us yet
yeah
close the curtain out that ain't gonna get any better than this
he was a rotten bastard good riddance five people say that was not sweet
isn't that a sweet sentiment of course it's coming from south Florida with a
you know
said along their worst wishes five people say he was a rotten bastard good
riddance
just doing that to bust my chops
he's mechanized he's right now three and i know he's up there looking down
on us only one silly person eighty
some good choices on here you know
and they're not like mostly you know
asking stuff like that eighty five votes on the new pool which means we got
fifteen eighty nine it's gonna be five of the top sixteen easy today
i don't know what that means i think it means to me
what needs to be a couple people listening out there still
which i think you agree with me it's a major miracle that we still have
we're still making the rickard the needle on the rickard scare even move
to major miracle jolly joe that we got anything going at all based on the
the annihilation the decimation
of the radio station
well in the uh... american nation
and pretty soon we're gonna be playing melodies
Haitian
you think
maybe a lot of the ones that he's accused
that's what's going to be happening with the plan Haitian melodies or something
like that or Hungarian masierka's
chinese of bingbong music what did they call it chinese music
i think they call it music over there
no seriously that bingbong bingbong didn't take a lot of chinese music yet
is that what it is sure
now they got to have a name for it
you could不要
nedan
that
that
but not that
uh... interviewer the her interest stronger animal that it too important
the party check is said and and i know few거� of what's happened this tomorrow
i haven't watched through you said that one of the keepY eville balls for
right now and he's a guy that told me you know it's not worth it great so there's a couple
really great spots but other than that whatever don't worry about it ain't no of mice and
men which you should watch oh really maybe I'll watch that this weekend do you won't regret it
you sure that you can move it to classic story well told on the screen there in that version
that I sent you suck it in and hold it
president Bush and Plano Elizabeth look like old friends today they spent a few hours together
with the White House and then his grief remarks the president drew a roar from the crowd after
putting his foot in his mouth she's a fabulous broad which is the moment take stock
about present friendship meanwhile Mrs Bush the hostess of this evening's White
Time Dinner took the media on a tour of the state dining room we're so happy tonight had the
opportunity to entertain a majesty she's a fabulous piece of acid oh yeah he blows
on 31 lot of that going around I guess Cindy she in writes on this working chip street heat
oh you know how it can tell like a real city well not necessarily a real city but a real you can't
be a real city without street meat okay you know I mean absolutely like here we got those stands
all over downtown you know with the bratwurst and you know the hot dogs they're the hot dogs yeah
if you don't have a street meat it can't be a real city Cindy she insists when we left
Lafayette Park yesterday there were 3396 Americans dead in Iraq when we got to the capital
out 45 minutes later the cow was up to 3498 that should say 3398 and when we got out of jail eight
hours later 3401 were gone 300 amazing Americans joined this yesterday in the mother home march which
was sponsored by the Camp Casey peace institute and supported and co-sponsored by many other peace
groups Cynthia came from Berkeley Cindy came from Washington state another Cindy came from Illinois
word out of her mind because her marine son is stationed around Mothmundia or so she thinks
we're quite certain now that her son was not killed or captured in the ambush that took the
lives of five soldiers and captured three of it they but although we leaned we all mourned for
the families that weren't so lucky we also prayed that our captured soldiers are treated more
humanely than America treats our prisoners in such places as Guantanamo and Abu Gharr
Paul came from Cape Cod and had emailed me earlier very pleased that he and his wife had given
him permission to get arrested with us and we decided to do civil disobedience
probably in Tina have quit their jobs moved to DC and have made ending the war their life's work
it's not easy and they scrape by day-to-day hand them out but they care about our soldiers who are
not only dying and killing innocent people but are being physically emotionally and spiritually
wounded by the tens of thousands we all intensely care about the people of Iraq who think it's
okay to kill Americans almost by unanimous acclimation bar pink pangs back and forth to DC from
San Diego many times year and never miss a camp Casey and Crawford Texas we tired Colonel
Anne Wright spends less time in her Maui Condo than I do at my home in California then we have a
team Cindy comprised of my assistant and sister who also put any kind of personal life on hold
and worked tirelessly for peace and supporting me in Texas there's our camp Casey caretaker
Carl who lives on our property and Crawford in the most primitive of circumstances and always
says I love it here whenever we talk Memphis Mike Missouri Richard Chicago Lobo Minneapolis Bruce
Philly Bill who greeted each Gilbert with a cold beer last night Indian and Nebraska
Oregon Texas and all the wonderful local DC activists who are always present in our protest
along with a very generous sprinkling of pink there are so many people sacrificing their entire
lives to work for peace we've left homes and any comfortableness to live in virtual poverty
around planes and other suitcases because our soldiers and the people of Iraq and Afghanistan
are living lives of abdict misery for the crimes of Bushco and Congress Inc. I'm so honored to be
considered one of the leaders of movement that is so committed to humanity that is willing to vote
so much of its time-times energies and resources to peace and justice when we arrived in the
front of the cannonhouse office building yesterday we set up our mobile flagpole in the middle of
an intersection with our American flag half-mast to under the deaths that Bushco refused to acknowledge
and upside down to signify a nation in distress we surround the flag and shut down the intersection
for an hour 33 patriotic Americans were arrested and we spent the next eight hours in the
capital health police garage handcuffed but in very good spirits knowing that we'd be emerging
from jail soon but our soldiers and millions of people in the middle east are suffering with no
end on the horizon fully three quarters of this nation opposed the war in Iraq George Bush has
had an historic low end as approval rating 28% by the way millions of Americans are in favor of
impeaching the Bush regime and we have 300 people marched with us yesterday nothing will change
until everyone who opposes this war expresses their opposition by their presence it's not enough
to be intellectually or philosophically opposed you must also be physically opposed it's not
enough to sit behind your computer screens and blog about your anger or sorrow you must arise
from your seat and join us on the street learn to live with less some more can live period the 33
who were arrested yesterday either had to pay a hundred dollar fine or get a citation to come
back to DC on June 5th for a court date to pay the fine then this is on top of the travel money
expense money we already put out please go to gsfp.org this is stories on our website by the way
for tomorrow to donate to a fund to help us defray the arrest cost designate
india 33 fine fund or on the in honor of line thanks there's also a great youtube video in the
events yesterday on the site Cindy sheen just tragic and pathetic but again the most people in
the news people it's just numbers that's all numbers on a sheet of paper somewhere
3400 plus plus hundreds of thousands maybe over a million Iraqis and what I tell you way back
to the beginning it's emancipation by elimination right right there you go
114 on this pool oh there's Prince Harry he's extremely disappointed that he's not going to be
sent to Iraq to get killed and look who's reporting it which a quest is his donkey teeth
if Harry hadn't done this and I'm reading this and uh oh my god how is it possible that he can
be on here anywhere he I mean do you need to be a programming expert I'm even to realize that he's
unwatchable unlistedable and unacceptable no question wow let's take him off the air by
request sickening disgusting but then again that's the brits you know 114 votes on the new pool
there's Prince Harry with that bloody Irish completion man uh wouldn't have to be something if he got
blown away over there that'd be something yeah because they think he's British you know and they
don't realize he's German it's the Batonburgs baby I'm gonna read that book I think the
world's by kitty killing especially when especially when they were explaining to Prince Charles how
you do the anastino oh just pretend you're writing a rocking horse Charles is that how it works
more or less rocking and rolling 119 on the pool on the day of neocross so what is that total
of 15 504 is a 16 23 are you writing that down and you loosely binder Chris 1603 no 1623
23 apple 24 19 and 4 last time I could be wrong about that okay it was in the National Honor Society
600 years ago I had a 99 and algebra 3 I know my math I can add 19 and 4 okay it's been around
that long 16 23 smart ass fatso love you too on the Daniel Crokes what will be your response well
what a touching pool is is you know like everybody sitting around the radio waiting is today gonna
be today he just like that one guy gives him answers when you're gonna back because he likes to go
to celebrity funerals smart great he died doing what he wanted to do 31 he died a free man no wife
look how many votes that's got he was a lovely human being blah blah blah who's in the will 23
he's in that big radio station in the sky 19 he's mechanized Jesus right now eight he was a rotten
bastard good riddance that's up to six and I know he's up there looking down at us two two
silly people out of a hundred nineteen vote what do you think it's kind of touching I'm kind of
touching well don't be touching it okay and leave that to Brady Quinn he seems to be obsessed with
that you know which is good that's good to know because you know I guess he'd be real friendly
if he gave him like you know I helping hand or something like that and I got two yeah I got
two hands Brady I mean now that could be that top picture could be an optical illusion couldn't I
mean it's not possible right he might just have his his hand his fist kind of like clenched
down in the general vicinity correct although if you look at very closely which I have several times
uh numerous times it does appear that he's his hand is full of what why are you pardon I said how's it
exposed oh my god what kind of a world is this folks what kind of a crazy world is it in which we
live it's like so like I said you laid a lot have a good time and other than that just just laugh
you know just laugh at it don't get all ben on the ship yeah just like that idiot you know I
might actually reread that from yesterday because he he never contacted us today the guy from
a decorative LLP he's quitting while he's behind he ought to Bob from Dallas loves the show he says
I'd be the best and he did give me any any suggestions on how to do the show or what I'm doing wrong
where is that thing oh here it is I got it right here see I saved I saved important documents like
that from Adam at the decorative LLP and fill it in Philadelphia with the 215 area code
maybe he got canned between yesterday and today maybe that's why we're not hearing from him
and then he'll blame me oh well if you wouldn't have put it on it well if you wouldn't have sent
me a bunch of swill when you're supposed to be working you know have I got news for you
oh this is this is the an earlier one this is the earlier one this is the one yesterday this is
the first one about it's an hour of mixed material from your IOD SUN simulcast I know you're
hosting a different more sober type show now so it was great to listen to this previous incarnation
previous incarnation is absolutely correct Adam from a different era from a different time from
a different station from a different lifetime okay get with the program oh god oh god
she got the Lloyd paintings on the evening news even I can't play right but he wants to
see me I think that can be said nobody is watching Katie
correct there I know that she's like roomy in the back but she can't be happy because she's way in the back
but she wants to pass her head in with a break nobody is watching Katie
correct Katie can't say no will young
no
no
One new chick, nobody is watching baby parent
No you are gonna go and be for watching
People rather hear since I am saying
She's meaning as they all of them see me
She gives all of the crew diarrhea and stress
Crazy little earring wearing blue lipstick
Nobody is watching baby parent
Hey, I'll look at a baby's ring
Go away, I'll bring you
Who may look like they wish they had been rabbin' back
Cause they need a lion to get things on track
But if they can give him a bad Allen stick
Cause nobody is watching baby parent
So we found my good fight for men
No body watching baby parent
Wait down
I love that, I love when he does that a lot
He does, he does
He's kinda like, oh we just ran out of material
I'm done, I said
155, your close personal friend Brandon's got one for this pool for tomorrow
He says, he was adorable
Holy Moses, I mean is he really mean that?
Holy moly, I mean, I see
He was adorable, don't you think that's cute?
You're the one that's always saying I'm a dwarf
You are
Murk is on his teenage girl or shootin' in her bugs butt
Oh boy, how do you like that?
Let them
So let's add that honor, you got a crispy and you handle that or what?
Okay
Boy, I'll tell you one thing, your enthusiasm level in the beginning was like non-existent
And now it's in the minus
It's like some of the numbers we have on certain other day parts on this station
Start with a minus in front of him
What was the wording?
How exactly do you want to say that?
He was adorable
He was adorable, okay
This is after I croak, okay
He was, not he is, although maybe I'll be adorable in depth
Maybe I look better, you know?
Probably lose a few ounces
I got my shoes on, I already told you that
And I got my whole outfit, I got my, my, uh, my crackberry is in my shirt pocket here
And that damn thing better not buzzed because I can't, oh
If I yank that thing out too fast
Got only knows what's gonna happen
That's what Brady Quinn said
155 votes on this new and improved poll, so we add that to a 1504 and you got 16
16
16
59
How about your partner?
63 because we have 159 now
See, it's all you want to do is correct me, did you, did you add that?
He was adorable, doesn't have any votes yet, Bob, glad you did
See, he's on top of it now
We're up in him in the shape
16, 63
In fact, we're gonna go over 1700 but that would have been really cheating with two polls like that
And that would be bad, then you bitch me out
Oh, come on old man, you'll be cheating with this poll crap
What are you talking about?
You ain't cheating, you ain't trying
That's exactly right
Just like with those diaries, baby
I'm gonna, yeah, I'm just planting a seed there
All the seeds all the time
The day Neil Crokes will be your response
He died doing what he wanted to do 42
He died a free man, no wife, 36
Why are you always prouping marriage?
I mean, there must be some happily married people out there
There must be, there must be, there must be, and most of them pretending to be
Yeah, most of them just kind of like stuck
Like a lot of people in the shape of a kid
Sure, yeah, for the sake of a kid, family members, you know, stuff
Yeah, appearances
But secretly in their minds they're thinking, oh, woe is me, yeah
Yeah
He was a lovely human being, blah blah blah, who's in the will 31?
Maybe they could, maybe we could arrange to have the will read on the year, wouldn't that be good?
That'd be special
In fact, you could do the show, that no, and you could, because if you're gonna be in it
It would not be good, wouldn't be kosher if you're gonna be in it
Right
He's in that big radio station in the sky, 25
He's mechanized Jesus for right now, 13
What a disgusting thought
Even those wafers probably are a trief
He was a rotten bastard, good ridden, up to nine now
Boy, they sure talk about hostility
How do you like that?
On my very own show, with my very same audience, and they turn around and give me a...
BAM
Like that
I don't care what you say, may not be as good as the other one
But it meets my squeal of approval, I like it
I think I did a fine job
He did a fine job
He knows, I know he's up there looking down on us three, and he was adorable, didn't have any
It's a good choice there, although it's a little bit on the inside, you know
Oh, now it's got one, I better say, maybe Brandon voted for that
170 vote
He was adorable
Or maybe, holy moly voted for it
Holy Moses
Because I'm adorable
Yes
And I think we had bitter Paul Wolfowitz, port abuse and threatened retaliations on senior
World Bank staff
If his orders for pay rises and promotions for his partner were revealed, according to new details published Monday night
This is from the Guardian, the Brits
Under fire for the lavish package given the Shaha Riza, there's nothing like a lavish package
Just as Brady Quinn, he knows about that
A World Bank employee, and Mr. Wolfowitz's girlfriend when he became president, Shaha
An official investigation of the controversy has found that Mr. Wolfowitz broke bank rules and violated his own contract
Setting off a struggle between US and European governments over Mr. Wolfowitz's future
Yes, yes
Huh, federal prison sounds good to me
Sounding more like a cast member of the subpranors than an international leader
In testimony by one key witness, Mr. Wolfowitz declares, if they f would me or Shaha, I have enough on them to f them too
How do you like that?
Doesn't that sound very diplomatic to you? Sure, why not?
I wonder if he had his comb out then, it was like spitting the shining his curler
Right, what do you call those? That cowlick
The remarks were published in a report detailing the controversy that the reputalized multi-tap of the size of Ms. Riza's pay raise was revealed
The report states Mr. Wolfowitz for, it slates him for his questionable judgment and a preoccupation with self-interest saying
Mr. Wolfowitz saw him as the outsider to whom the establish rules and standards did not apply
The report brushed off Wolfowitz's defense that he thought he had been asked to arrange Ms. Riza's pay package observing that the interruption given by Mr. Wolfowitz, the interpretation simply turns logic on its heed
According to the report, Mr. Wolfowitz's actions had a dramatic negative effect on the reputation and credibility of the World Bank
He's a slimeball, that's all, he's learning neo-cons
He's one of those slimeballs that put the con in neo-con
And the media sits back by the beep, by the beep, by the beep, by the beep, and all this other crap
It's very sad, people are dying, some people are trying, and Joyce blows
That's what I heard
Yeah, that seems to be the rumor on town
Now I don't have time to play that again, sure you do
No, I don't
How do I have time? It's a long bitch
There's no far-sounds anymore
Maybe I started right now
I just did start it
There's no far-sounds like before
I think we got time, we can squeeze in a shorty at the end there, shorty
Ain't no far-sounds anymore
For some sneaky corporate hope
And Joyce took them away
Can't say f***ing now
All big parts of some bitch cow
Just to bring the ratings down
She don't want me to no round
And that's why she took them away
And she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows,
she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows! she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
I'm in jail!
Paris, you dropped a soap, pick it up!
I love the patient.
Nice, but Paris.
What color are you in?
You really do dye your hair, Paris.
You're Curtain's Don't Match It's Rage!
Really rude.
One more person asked me, I'm going to get up and walk away.
And that's only day one.
I'm going to see blood, aren't I?
It's Paris Hilton in the not so simple way.
You're looking very sexy.
You're going to try it up and stuff. Don't be less full.
Watch out.
With bad lighting.
If we give up a few seconds, I wouldn't really be bad.
Yeah, well, what are you going to do?
I'm worried about not having enough time.
What is it?
I said play that song again.
Oh, I think it's going to be on the evening news on 246 and 7 and 10.
Not with Katy Kirk.
The Joyce.
Well, Katy Kirk blows too, but that's because I don't want to.
That's why nobody ain't wanting to.
Bye, bye, bye!
