New...
Gah!
Tonight on Dirty Jobs, I'm not a radio station in South Florida.
WQAM, what they call sports radio.
With me is program director Clarence-
Yes, Clarence, to you.
Okay, Clarence, I didn't know you had basements in Florida.
Can you tell me what we're standing here?
We are in the bowels of WQAM, underneath the designated parking area.
Only a few know of this area.
What is this place exactly? I see all this machinery.
This is where we perform our operations on the Sending Talent.
The Sending Talent? Yes.
What is the Sending Talent?
We're in all four stations.
Sometimes we get on air talent who stray from the format.
What do you mean stray from?
Oh, they start talking about women, music, sex, world events.
We can't have that.
It confuses the two of us.
We die hard low-income sport-hole listeners.
We're trying to cater too.
Now, you have a midday show that pretty much pays all the bills here,
but it isn't sports related.
That's the one I'm talking about.
Why hate it? I just hate it!
Oh, he's ready. Okay, lower him down.
Who's that?
George Watt Regan.
A real trouble maker.
His brain is a small enough objective focus on sports.
How am I going to get dirty here?
What we do is we throw the skull open up the Sending Talent
and then we remove the brain and replace it with a much smaller one.
There we go.
How do you get him unconscious?
We add more gas to the existing restroom aroma to help make them pass out there.
They're not even aware that it's very effective.
Okay, run the circular saw around the top of the skull.
Like this?
Yes. We're doing very good.
Okay, just throw the brain in that dumpster and replace it with this one.
It's the size of a pea.
These smaller brains were designed for sports only.
What's that green glow?
Oh no, it's not George!
Oh, who is it?
It's another one of his Android.
Now this two of them are...
That green glow is blind to me now.
We better get out of here.
Okay, it's gonna explode any second.
Who with a thought?
Radio.
It is a dirty job.
W.Q.I.M. Hello.
How do you like that?
I'm taken by surprise.
Q.I.M.
Oh no.
That might be the only call I take today all the way down it.
I'm going to be calling intensive today or maybe not.
I'll do whatever the hell I want to do.
Anyway, we've got technical issues on there.
I know a lot of you people don't want to hear about that whole my space thing.
Quite frankly, I don't blame you because technically, you know, it's a free site.
And when something is free, they don't really give a crap.
So they have a right.
Technical issues and they don't have enough capacity to deal with all the decision people on there.
And so as of yesterday afternoon, well, I don't want to go through the whole story yet.
One of our listeners out there though did tell me that NBC is an answer to canceling passions.
Oh my God.
Brother, I haven't watched that thing in ages.
You know, once they kept changing all the characters and Timmy croaked and all these other people disappeared,
it just, I don't know.
Plus it became the point without Timmy.
That's right.
We don't have Timmy.
Who the hell gives a crap a lot of passions.
He was your passion for passion.
TEMPT!
What the hell was that?
We never lost him out.
Let me just read the line first for Josh Cordis, isn't that who asked me to do this?
Because he's in charge of QN.com now.
And he's a good buddy, even though he's 17 different people also on MySpace.
Yeah, well, it was Miguel that asked you to do it.
Well, pretend to be that.
And we turn Miguel is working feverishly right now on MySpace thing to see how you can send me.
I just can't reply to you.
I'm getting messages from people, but I just, my response is,
I'll head you the whole story in a minute and boy did I ever freak out yesterday.
You know how I wasn't an emotional basketball case I am?
Mm-hmm.
And I don't want anybody to take it personally.
I don't want anybody to take it personal, but you know, most of you,
if I can't send you a message, well, it won't change my life.
That's bad.
But at any rate, see, and if you trust me enough to give me your cell phone number,
then I will call it in.
We'll chat and I can keep in touch with it.
So I have one person like that so far and thank God for him.
But anyway.
Q&M has given away two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to win Logon 2,
WQAM.com.
Now there's an empty website for you.
Now that Josh Cordis has got his legs wrapped around it.
Logon.wqm.com become a member of the Q&M fan club.
Then listen for your name to be announced during the power hour between four and five.
And to win a course light Super Bowl prize back automatically qualified as one
of 41 finalists for the grand prize drawing, two tickets to Super Bowl 41,
from course light and 560 Q&M.
Or is that Q&M?
Rock solid.
I don't know how to do that just like he does.
Thank God.
Anyway, let's sit before I get into that tale of wool.
So if there are people out there thinking, how come the old's not responding to me?
Like my friend Brandon and other people out there who I actually have been communicating with for a long time now.
I get your message.
I just can't respond no more as a five-year stamp.
And I'll tell you the whole story momentarily.
And by the way, whoever was doing Ethan Boy, they were a really, really weak job.
I guess they just ran out of patience with it.
You know what I mean?
I guess.
Now there's if you're going to do a scam and you're going to play somebody for a fool and do it for a while,
you know, don't done like one day, pretty weak.
They ran out of material like most of the callers.
Q&M, hello.
You know, I hate to say this because I really like Josh a lot.
But if you compare that website to like $790 to ticket, it's...
Oh, get out of here.
Go back and kiss those two guts on the ass where you compare it to $790 to the ticket.
Wait, we got the ratings coming out.
I'm going to go to this morning.
Get out of your Palomar magnifying glass, okay, pal?
Then maybe you'll be able to see $790 to ticket numbers.
I'll get them a lot of promotion.
Oh, brother.
That was as good as Ethan.
That's how legitimate that call was.
Just as fake.
Just as fraudulent.
Just as phony.
You could smell it from a billion miles away.
Yeah, ticket my ass, okay.
For being too big.
1.87 this morning, George.
Q.A. and hello.
Excellent.
Yeah, I can wait for some therapy, too.
And I had a...
Yes, therapy duo is coming out.
That's going to be our new format.
And what was the other one, Safry Duo and...
DeRude.
DeRude.
That's...
I got it right here as a matter of fact.
Do it, yeah.
I'm...
I'll sniff around.
Or...
Q.A. and you can Q.A.
DeRude.
All right.
Yeah, we're going to get a lot of good calls today.
I can just smell it.
I have such a good feeling about life at this point, you know?
I don't know what that's all about.
I had a good machine yesterday at Woodbuy.
I started out with a crafting machine and not too good of a star.
But then I found a good machine.
And I had a winning day.
But I don't want to say 1200 bucks because I don't want to go on here and talk about how much I want.
Oh!
People out there, yeah, who want part of it.
So anyway, about that will.
In fact, I don't play that often enough.
That's what one best...
Oh, that's Jeffrey Duo.
Yeah.
No, that's...
Yeah, that's how we do it.
I'll be off my mic.
I'll do it during the break out.
A little round over here and see how I can find my DeRude.
I don't want to be DeRude to the audience.
Okay, that's it.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I don't know that.
I don't know that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The section there was playing over and over and over and over.
I see under mybourne!
I feel like my powder radio coming up.
It's good.
Okay, so.
And then it just go.
And then it just go down and you know what there?
It reminds me.
What?
It reminds me exactly of it.
Oh, yeah.
That's the only memory of it.
I'm really yawndoo.
You know what?
Put a piece behind this
You have to hit it could be the root all over again. You're right. WQ I am hello
Q8M
Come on in me. Come on. Come on. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Okay?
What's gonna be the question or answers today?
Well, what does that mean?
You're gay. Yeah, okay
Good. I was gonna. I was gonna. I was gonna. I'm gonna. Q. I am hello. No material Q. I am hello
The biggest name the best turrets and George Rodriguez
560 WQ. A
What's funny?
It's funny when he posted it as a comment
That's the same guy that I just realized. Don't think I'm like about these people. Okay?
So I'm gonna tell my story in a minute first. Let's get to the show
Then I'll take a zit in these calls today because I can tell these people are on fire. They're on fire most of our strangers
But they're on fire. I can't give that on to my head. You're a stranger
And I had another good example of it yesterday, but ask me if I care. I couldn't care less
And did not didn't I tell you from the moment that that picture showed up there on there
Well when somebody sends you a nearly naked picture, you know that they're a fraud
Not just a stranger, but not even a real person anybody can take anybody else's profile pictures like they've done with Josh
Cordis for example and all of a sudden they're Ethan their
Whoever the hell they are, you know
I know that was pretty weak pretty lame effort a
Series of explosions and shootings rock Baghdad this morning killing at least 19 people and wounding dozens police said
It's just it's just a picnic over there man somebody bring the ants
Three car bombs detonated within minutes of each other and you're a vegetable market
And they pronounce a sooner neighborhood of Dora and Southern Baghdad at least 10 people died in 30
About 30 man wounded a police officer said another bomb exploded in the central Baghdad at rush hour killing four people
The wounding 11 to other police officers said one said that that toll was expected to rise like a whole bunch
At least two huge explosions rang out across the area in our part a
Part car later struck a busy thoroughfurn a religiously mixed area in central Baghdad killing four people and wounding ten police said
The blast were many cars and cheddar the windows and nearby stores
Government also opened fire and an Iraqi police patrol near Al-Shab state of an Eastern Baghdad
Killing one policeman and wounding another on Wednesday a suicide car bomber killed 17
Shear it's at a teaming Saudi city market while coming in predominantly soon in the neighborhood of Baghdad
Cheddar by kind of boy of democracy workers and an ambush that took lives of an American woman and three bodyguards
And it just goes on and on this is what George W has brought to Iraq in
Sanity lunacy chaos murder and bloodshed nice go in W you lunatic you butcher anyway
Here's the a poll from yesterday should kneel dumped the Myspace page
I you know this thing and I'm listening to you
I'm trusting you and other people I'm communicating with
That they have technical issues that are just unbelievable continuously and it just seems strange
I guess it's my bad luck or something like that
But I'll tell a whole story about what have what evolved yesterday in a minute
Should neared up to Myspace page 13 every 19 votes. Oh look at that. Yes. It's coming to show us down to 22.4% 296
That's a feather in my crap man. I'll take it right now
Took a feather Yankee doodle, Mandy took a feather. How's that go Yankee doodle was a you don't want to know it's pervert
Mark huh?
Yeah, no seriously. How does that go Yankee doodle was a
Puts
Took a feather stuck in his
Domas yes, it's coming to show 296 22.4% whatever
255 did very well nice going George. Let's hear it for a little George stuck a feather in his hat and called him macaroni
Yeah, very good stuck a feather in his hat
Maybe that's where that came from a real feather in his cat didn't Pinocchio have a feather in his cat?
I think he did well among other places. Yes
No, I enjoy his pain
199 mother's and pain and poverty miss I think hopefully most of that's over the water over the bridge whatever
I hate Myspace dot com 174. I would agree with that from a technical standpoint because out of all the set out of the blue
You just have these issues. No, it's great 172. It's great. We love it
No, but me less obsessed 88
Yes, it's killing him 69 and I hate this poll only 66. That's the result yesterday's
Fabulous pool when we do a poll on the show. It's not just a poll man
Oh the ticket man compare to your wife. Yeah, right that was just so pathetic
Like I told you people across the street before you can't talk your way into numbers
Okay, you can't talk your way to success you can put on an act and you can plant a lot of phony phone calls and play a lot of stupid games
That doesn't mean people are gonna listen to the swirled at your putting on you don't you understand it?
God the number of people that they got listened right now during when my show is on against them
You could put them in a symbol and have room left for a pinnacle and his macaroni macaroni sounds good by the way
And it doesn't want it. I don't want to start with that again
You hate the court people that were craft macaroni and she's boredons macaroni and she sounds really good
But not that I want 87 in my blood sugar is pretty good today. Why would I want to do that? That's right. Don't
Don't do it, but it really sounds good
Looking for love at a separate way with something
by
By
When we're down in my ass, all of them broke by
Trouling online
I could be good looking or a bad Harry A
My or Gay or maybe just strange
Look at all my girl little friends that I've got so far
Trouling online
I could be good looking or a bad Harry A
Oh, so long time, never thought it was online
You're gonna find a fake me cause you have no idea
Trouling online
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely
Even though I may be incredibly homely
You'll never know it's my reason for nothing but lies
Trouling online
Trouling online
I could be good looking or a bad Harry A
My or Gay or maybe just strange
Look at all my girl little friends that I've got so far
Trouling online
What the hell happened or how have we got 946?
Also right on the pool that he was shocking
Made you knew he stopped the press baby
Stop the press is what a windshield used to say
Never thought a windshield used to say before very keen stars
946 on the days pool which is which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007
And this is a pool from one of our very good listeners who's an excellent pollster
As a matter of fact I noticed that Sean sent a couple of polls in history
Cause he probably feels like you know jealous
I have some people out there even on the Myspace and they're a little bit jealous
I paid too much attention to somebody else but they have no fear
You know what I'm saying? They know who that's for
Sean said let's see right after I sent you the best musicians pool
I heard Lionel whose voice makes Gellie sound like James Earl Jones
Discussing Chicago when limiting their absence from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
How can Chicago not be in a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
You know I saved that list of the better for in there and the better for that
Because remember how outraged we were?
Yeah I don't know what their criteria is but it's wrong
Whatever it is
He says now we can argue about who should be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Until we sound like Jimmy and Danny Gang
But Patty Smith with her solitary number 13 hit written by somebody else's in
And Chicago was still in the waiting room thumbing through old magazines
As an Assad I saw Patty Smith on an extensive rock documentary on Sundance
Now even back in the 70s she can hardly be described as CUMLY
But her appearance today is rather shocking as well as a damning
And then the tragic inequities of the inequities of dental time offer by her with the records
I find myself thankful that television pipes and only sound in sight and not smell
Oh my gosh there's a shot from Sean
Her with the records my ass
So anyway we got 946 on the pool
We're gonna have a thousand before two shakes of a lamb sale again
See when you get to be old you start using a lot of old funny dirty cliches
And like I told you a couple of days ago
You live your life and one day you wake up and you're an old fart
Oh geez not me
Yeah me
But I feel sprung I had a good day there at the aloe
I don't when I tell you this story man it's so it's so typical
Only the best part of it is this will disturb whoever was behind it
And it doesn't bother me in the least because I I sniff that one out right in the beginning
Oh man did it stink
Which of these things is most likely happened in 2007
The US will attack Iran 413 to which I can only say oh hey
Neil will open the MySpace friend 133
But I voted for it
Do you really want to what a wonderful thought
I might lose that friend right now if he hears that
Don't run away sweetheart
Jim Anderson work at a full week without taking a day off 101
I don't think that's likely
Jim Anderson work a full week without taking a day off
Let me look at the schedule this week
Wouldn't that be something if that happens this week already?
Yes!
At least it's on the schedule
He's scheduled to be on every stinkin day this week
How do you like that?
So that one might be the correct answer
W will be impeached
We can only pray
Put your legs together and remember real hard in the 71
Hank will lose an ounce 70
Buh-hah
Hank will lose an ounce 72 ounces can be too bad
187 aren't you proud you didn't pat me on the back and say
But that's pretty good for a fat old bag of like you
There you go
Those are the pads
I hate this pull 57
Rain will sell the dolphins 53
All you dolphins should only pray both of you
Mobile return to WQIM
28 people said that
And George will get his own show on QM
You're a nice place to agent 24
They know that that's the most unlikely thing
So let's say 20 quactor only 24 say George will get his own show on the camera
Especially since he's not nearly as good as those tapes
That he'll go up that much
That's right
That he covets and excuses
I know that you're opposed it but I'm going to put someone just so that he can feel the pain
Over my dead body
You know the reaction
955 vote
And by the way if anybody else has had these technical difficulties with my...
I'm talking about not being able to send a message
I read my blog, okay if there's anybody who you know read the blog
Messages I put up their last night this morning
It just happened like out of the blue
And George says don't worry about it they're all screwed up
That's right
The only constant is that it never is
Yeah
Here's the fact that he's speaking of macaroni and chis' uncle Neil
Like he used to be uncle Neil and I was grandpa Neil
I was thinking about that the other day
It was in my communications with people here on this thing
I call myself to some of these people grandpa Neil
And he used to be like they start off saying hey uncle Neil
That's the way I was back in Zeta
That was like 20 years ago
I'm pretty sure that was the year wasn't it 87?
Yeah
86-87 on Zeta
Rating's in an hour by the way
So speaking of macaroni and chis' have you ever tried the velvita macaroni and chis'
It actually comes with a pack of a soft cheese
That you squeeze out of the macaroni not to fake powder you miss it
Like sorry George I know it's a crack product
Yeah which means it tastes like swill
Velvita
Sometimes swill isn't all that bad huh?
Sometimes swill, okay let me tell my little story
And again this isn't... you know the only sad story is the technical thing with my space
I really don't think it's connected
Although I went into a panic yesterday I'm serious
Because you know how emotional and passionate I get with people that I like
Which is one of my faults you know nobody's perfect
Even me how do you like that?
Oh no
Even me
Perfect idiots sometime
So yesterday as you well know and you were probably getting a little porky about it
Although a little suspicious would have been better
Would you get suspicious?
I was suspicious before I clicked the first click to approve that thing as a friend
Oh in other words he was on here to and of course obviously his profile has also been deleted from your face
Yeah I said I dropped the mouse when the picture came out really
Ew yeah I'm clean I grabbed my mouse when I saw the picture
I try not to be prejudiced
Okay
So this Ethan who allegedly was another one is and look at this these people are on maybe they're sending me messages and telling me
Oh here's what the deal is on that
Because nobody reads that blog they're like about five goofy people that read the blog
You're at the tree
What?
That's reassuring
Well no I'm just telling you so when I go on the air obviously we've got a much bigger universe of these people out there
And they're going to relate to me what those all about and they probably don't know and maybe they'll get fit
Maybe you keep telling me they'll fix itself
Because if I can't send messages on there
You know
Yeah that would be awesome
A lot less work for me I'll tell you that
Well no there's some people out there that I enjoy sending messages to and they know who they are
And one of them sent me a message this morning he's probably wondering well what's the old doing am I getting the shine routine well what can I tell you I can't read your
Abou you email at goofball
Read your email brand in but anyway
Paras volunteers for a skunk road trip
This before I tell you that story and then after the break and then I'll remember we got the numbers coming out
Maybe some bonus money for all of us including Chris not
Well Chris he just started making sure he'll throw you a few bones
He is a dog and I don't know how you do the tip for lunch today
A big important tip later we keep the how-eat people
Oh I thought tomorrow you got soup people coming in the soup we do what is that place again the soup
The soup man
It's the soup man that's not it
The world-renowned soup man
I'm a soup I'm a soup sucker I'll say that right now
Oh man
Oh this is from Toronto
A stowaways skunk that ended up in Canada after traveling more than 2,200 miles shut in the back of the transport
Oh I see it it's chopped off again
Well thanks for a much shorter story
You do have a confirmed right now back to California and Natalie Carvenan executive director at the Toronto Wildlife Center
There's a host of radio show in California the producer actually taking time off work
She's given warning about potentially stinky stowaway we can never give a no-sfriger into of course they got to get it back to where it belongs
The brave pair whose name is going to be known yesterday with rendezvous with center officials just across the US border
And in exchange the female skunk will take place we don't know when yet she said we're still trying to get the
She estimates it'll be between a week and 10 days before the skunk can head home
It was a stowaway came to Toronto across the border I wonder if it had Luna pass up or thought
I can't get baby
It's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
It's been over two weeks since he's made a sound
While his family's acting good, all he's melting like a hot single
It's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
It's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
Right now he's just like a car I think he's a clown
He's already been safe Peter but his corpse is by a heater
It's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
It's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
He's like a single mint dead at lost in the ground
While the pearly gates are closing his body
As he falls in it's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
It's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
Look at father of soul should be having bound
Even though he's ill, he's perky, he's turning into be jerky
It's time to put James Brown's body in the ground
Hey again, 1033
I can't wait to go to James Brown
What's it gonna be?
Grace Land, James Brown's body
I wonder what they're gonna call it though
By the way, nobody needs to apply to be a friend here for me
I'm gonna need to approve it if it's like some Star Wars character
or some stupid fake
Yeah, some fake piece of crap like that
We had enough fake already in the last 24 hours
So you see the power of being on the air, it actually works
I got a regular email from my close personal friend Brandon right now
Because when you go on the air and say, hey listen, dummy
I can't send you a message, you know like that
So I got one
But he said you better get that other damn thing working
because he don't check his brain
I know a lot of people if they're on a my space thing
They either don't check that very much or vice versa
They don't check their regular email very much
And very much, most people know that it's a very inefficient method of communication
Why do you say that?
Because it is
It's been working really good for me for the last
You've been long-winded
You've been long-winded, I've been up until last night today
Since five o'clock yesterday afternoon that was the last message I was able to send out that worked
I don't know anyone that hasn't had problems
Really?
Several times at least
This isn't just a problem, this is you know
So anyway, here's the story
So I'm sitting at Woodbine
And I finally found a good machine and I'm doing really well
And of course I got my Blackberry there
So in spite of what I've been warned not to do but by my tutor out there in Radio Land
I've got my Blackberry and as long as I got it I might as well check the messages
Right or send one or two
Right
And this Ethan, well first of all let's back up a little bit
Ethan who allegedly is this hot young 19 year old student at Nova University
And he came onto my pay and of course didn't I tell you as soon as I saw the picture
What did I say to you?
Fake, total fake, fraud, nobody, I don't care who they are
Nobody sends you an application to be your friend
I'm not naked but as close to naked pictures as you can get by with
It just doesn't happen
Am I right?
Yeah
That's just not the way it works
So anyway as soon as I saw the other day I said I'll fraud, oh that was on Tuesday
Tuesday evening I got involved in this like a marathon chatting session with this person
Who's given me all kinds of information about what he's studying and what he likes to do
And he's bisexual and yadda yadda all this other crap
And then yesterday morning here he is again back coming back for more
All during the show and they re-break, air re-break there's another message
And then toward the end of the show as you'll recall out of nowhere
This is supposedly some young bisexual stud who's getting all the chicks and all the guys that he wants to dittle with
And all of a sudden toward the end of the show it's like wow I want you to look me up with George's daughter
Where's some pictures of George's daughter
At that point the aroma you could smell it 50 miles away right?
I just farted too so maybe you're smelly
And of course if it dribbles down your pant leg that makes it a leg fart
But anyway so he starts trolling about that and I'm like yeah I'm getting really skeptical but I'm thinking okay maybe this is just a week of temp at humor
Because a lot of our people are just going to call us
We can't take it too long
So I'm in the cab on the way over to Woodbine and I'm exchanging a couple more messages
And it's getting like a little more sarcastic as time goes on
And then as I'm sitting there having a really good time I make the mistake I'm checking messages again
And they start to get more sarcastic and more you will miss a little faggot you dirty old bastard whatever I'm thinking
This is a little bit over the top you know what I'm saying?
Finally comes a marked fully asked message this your love about how he's getting dressed for a class and he's wearing his silk boxer shorts
And isn't that him am I not excited to hear about that?
I said I think you're talking to the wrong guy I think Mark Foley would love to know that I said maybe you may have missed Foley
Well that I guess just though you know that was it because the next one the next message was the last one about oh you don't like my silk boxer shorts
Well what do you want me to be naked for you you old miserable perverted bastard like that?
And I thought oh okay I thought to myself one question yeah that was it and that was that
So I'm in the cab on the way home with my winnings after you know not a bad day one a few bucks
And I sent a message saying pathetic really weak fake job by you and whoever the F you are and you know take a high
Within one minute within 60 seconds after I sent that message which was read profile along resist which means either one or two things happened
Either he shut it down or you know he had put up a bunch of naked pictures of whatever in my space shut him down
Which I don't think so it's more likely that at that point oh the jig is up the game is over and I had my fun and who cares
What do I care? Who not cares about that so poorly done so so this is either all over again or a stunt
In other words an imitator you know they always get the imitators right who's trying to like replicate the business
So I get home and I sent a message to one of my regular groupies out there I don't want to say branded on the ear again
I said I'm a message saying Ethan turns out to be a total fake his profile page is down by the bomb and that was the last one that I sent that went through
I get home here and I get on my my space of course because I'm addicted and I'm sending a messenger
Huh you're a what immediate jackass an a hole hey listen at least I admit it there a lot of a holes walking around they don't admit if they pretend like house stuff
I'm a jerk man. I'm a fool an absolute idiot so I'm trying to like send a message to my other close personal friend on there
And I hit send and it says you know when you click send on there when you send a message
And almost immediately the little box comes up with a big check mark your message has been sent
I go back to the inbox and I look in the scent column and there is no it hasn't been sent to anybody
Because if the message goes through to somebody you can see their picture and it's like you know either scent or red or on red or whatever
And nothing there
Now I try another message and I'm getting really really freaked out at this point you know what I'm saying
Because I'm thinking to myself why wouldn't it go through I send the same person another message same result didn't go through
Now I'm thinking to myself oh my god what the hell did I do now if I offended somebody else here it looks like somebody blocked me
I mean can you block somebody from sending you messages? I guess you I don't know I don't know
I don't know but that's the first thing being paranoid insecure and an old fool like I am that's the first thing that came to my mind
And I'm thinking to myself what the hell is that all about?
So luckily having this person's cell phone number thank god because it's the one when I want this unread this a goofball again
Replicant sorry for all the Star Wars stuff I just the rather have a picture of me on there I don't want you to get out of here
Replicant my ass okay delete delete delete sorry for you this is this is probably well
Ethan part two all over you 24 year old male my ass and then here's another long message
So anyway I'll send the rest of the story after the break but to make a long story short my space blows
Technically this is a second one and that it's an exaggerating
Pot's not good it's great this is breaking news
A Walt Disney World employee dressed as the character Tigger was accused of hitting a child while posing for a photo
Pastors by said it was ugly here now is what may have possibly could have happened
But again maybe not took the flights to Disney World mom dad and Jerry to me
Has the sea coast and the turkey lake stand when they saw that big orange ball
Her about that a goofy laugh
So just didn't seem right crazy cat from the hundred ain't good would stop to say
It's been started by
Oh my god
And I punch from the figure caught Jerry in the face and I jab from the tail into his nuggets
Back to the punch from the Tigger and blood to every place
And the last thing is never to take off the Tigger
And I think they knew there was waiting a food open in a jar of honey wool fast
He oughta don't keep the kid in the chin and fake with got a couple cheap shots in
Get another punch from the Tigger and Christopher Robin who won but
In his stupid yellow raincoat he had a samurai sword and a grenade launcher in the fight that started with a punch
Oh
Tigger
Everyone's caret of Tigger
Left, left and right
Right and left
Tigger fight
You notice how that story just vanished just disappeared?
Yeah because it was much of you about nothing
It was not only much of you about nothing I think the father oughta be taken in strap that way gurney somewhere
But anyway we got a thousand thirty three votes on a poll. Well what's going on with that thing?
What is happening over there man?
I don't know if it's on fire
It's on fire today holding moly right man. Don't forget QM is giving away now did Miguel come in here and say I got the solution for Niels my space problem
No
Well in that case America read the promo
No this is not for him anyways for Josh Cortes. I think
QM is giving away two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to win log on to wqm.com and become a member of the QM fan club then
Listen for your name to be announced during the power I wonder when a course light Super Bowl prize back and automatically be qualified as one of forty one
Five less or the grand prize drawing two tickets to Super Bowl 41 from course light and five sixty QM
Walks all that I get out of here silly person so anyway getting back to my story
So I'm a total state of panic because I figured I've been blocked out here by one of the only people on our really see I keep saying that and that's very bad
It's very insulting but all these other eight thousand eighty four people but it's true and you know what he knows and everybody else knows it
Somebody that I'm tight with you and so I'm so anyway I get on the cell phone and I leave a couple of messages because he's still a work and he's not picking up the cell phone
Which a lot of people have that habit but I do get the voice mail can I leave two messages on did you block my thing and I'll come back
And my message are going through and he and his messages did come through on my space no I didn't block anybody in yaddi yaddi yaddi and whatever
So after that I called him we had a wonderful a glorious 30 minute conversation made my entire life that was nice see and if somebody gives you their
Cell phone number then you're their home number then you can be in touch with them especially if this thing craps out see what that that's when you discover you got a real friend
Another people are paranoid making excuses oh I don't give my number let me just give a little advice to all you people out there okay if you've been exchanging messages with somebody on email my space whatever is your place your face and after a long series of messages for days and days
And they don't want to give you any information well I don't know be real skeptical am I right yeah real skeptical
Hey we got a thousand thirty eight votes on there so to make a long story short I come to find out I can't send anybody any
Anybody an email they they you know they do the same thing it looks like it went through and then you check on there and nobody's getting
And it doesn't show up in the cent commerce my sent page because I emptied it out is blank there's nothing in there
And this replicate if you don't stop to wasting my time but he's stupid you know Mark Oster whoever you are yeah I think it's what's your name
Just cut the crap I'm not putting fantom people on our own thing okay I have no problem we need 50 more for low and 100 would be a nice feather in your crap
But now for example here's a Zane who's 39 years old and poor Charlotte how do you like that Zane I wonder if he's in Zane he's single he doesn't say he wants children someday
Well it doesn't work that way Zane but anyway he's come on now just leave him alone he's a good guy he's a thousand eighty six okay I don't know if he's a good guy or not maybe he's an ax murderer I have no idea but he's a thousand eighty six
And that pretty impressive I would say so myself but some other words there are no technical suggestions no ideas well see my first impression was that this group ball this
Ethan whoever the imposter was pretending to be whoever this kid in the picture was had done something to dittle with my you know ability to send the messages out
But everybody is telling me a negative and I spoke to our computer ace Eric last night right Eric's always checking things out for me man here the best
You know carrier pigeons when you tie little note to their leg and throw it up in the air yeah they more reliable method of communication
Then I think yes I don't know I wasn't having any problem I was getting everybody else's messages and they were getting mine that was going on for days and days and days and days
And they were never even crossed my mind that this kind of a glitch a technical glitch could like interfere with all your interpersonal relationships so many way Eric's sent me an email last night saying oh I guess what there's some other people on the tech page they're having the same problems too
So I look on there and I was able to send a my own bitch about that on there and it went through on the tech page but there were only four other people from various parts like from New York and some other guy on Miami and around who were also not able to send and receive messages
So obviously there was some major glitch on there parts of big technical thing there sure would have been a lot more than five of us sent a message on there am I right?
No.
No. Well first of all if I wouldn't have been for Eric I would have had no idea where to send the message where to send my gripe my bitch and said and so on and that's just the way it goes.
So there are some messages coming through this morning I had you send me a message which came through fine from your from the my from the same my space thing right in other words it's the same.
Right. Right. Of course. So if there was something wrong with our page so it's obviously something here on because of where I am or whatever the deal is right whatever that you'll never understand it they might not understand it they don't want to understand it and they don't care.
Well screw them. How do you exactly there you go. Did I read this promo or not? No. No. QM is giving away two tickets to Super Bowl 41 for your chance to go in log on to the SID log on to qm.com become remember the QM fan club you're here.
Lunatic I just read it what a maniac. I'll read it again if Miguel can give me a this is all on the gal by the way he's our my space maybe he's the one started all this stuff and all you people out there who think that the show has been taken over by this and you're getting really tired of it well.
You can blame Miguel sentiment hostile email. Guess who died. Somebody I don't care about our club walled you know that already somebody faxed it on the today show is going to four hours and passions is getting canceled and goes to show you the peak of needs to be taken out.
He needs to be hanged it like Sodom with his neck chopped off columnist and Arthur Arthur Arthur Arthur Arthur out buck wall. How come I can't read this more I'm a little tongue tart from all the pressure on this thing columnist and author art buck wall who for over four decades chronicled the life in times of Washington within a fictitious wit and endeared himself to many of his never say die battle with failing kidneys is dead at 81 buck wall son jewel who was with his father this goes the satirist death saying it passed away quietly this home late last night with his family.
Buckwald had refused dialysis treatments for his failing kidneys last year was expected that within weeks of moving to a hospice on February the 7th but he lived to return home and even write a book about his experiences.
I remember sending a Bob Lassard to the the article about buckwald about his own you know miraculous succumbac.
The last year we had the opportunity for victory lap and I think he was really grateful for a jewel buck wall said he had an opportunity to write his book about his experience he went out of the way he wanted to go on his own terms.
Neither buck wall nor his doctors could explain how he survived in such great condition for so long and how he didn't seem to mind.
The unexpected lease on life gave buck wall the Pulitzer Prize winner time for an extended extraordinarily public goodbye as he held court date in a hospice salon with a procession of family friends and acquaintances.
I'm going out the way very few people do he told AP in April. Buckwald said enumerous interviews after his decision became public that he was not afraid to die but he wasn't depressed about his fate and he wasn't fact having the time of his life.
Oh boy what does that say about the rest of his life. Often called the wit of Washington during his years buck wall's name became synonymous with political satire he was well known too for his wide smile and affinity for big stokey's baby those big cigars those big governches you know.
Remember those days when we used to get all MC guys oh brother used to tear my throat up over the ones that I used to like the anime lights.
Yes. Oh boy those were great great smoke I mean it just tore my guts out because they got paper on him.
Oh used to tear my kishkis out but boy they were great smoke.
Among his more famous woodish systems if you attack the establishment long enough and hard enough they'll make you a member of it.
Naturally he found humorous choice to read non-stialysis and wrote about it and some of his final columns.
I'm known in the hospice as the man who wouldn't die he wrote in March how long they allow me to stay here's another problem.
I know where I'd go now or people would still want to see me if I wasn't in the hospice but in case you're wondering I'm having a swell time the best time of my life he said.
Last January doctors amputated buck walls right leg but no the knee because of circulation problems losing it was a very traumatic experience he said probably influences decision to be checked the three time week five hours a day dialysis treatments in 2000 a separate major stroke.
Fat and a lot of stokies baby his syndicate a common one point appeared more than 500 newspapers worldwide it appeared twice a week in publications including the Washington Post and was distributed by tribute media services.
Art fuck while this daddy was 81 he was funny guy.
He thought kind of why he thought they were more funny oh guess what movie was on again last night I saw who you did last summer.
I'll ride with Ryan Philippe looking really really tight and wasn't talking like that either.
I couldn't only when I'm doing that you look good which of these things is most like that happen in 2007 we have a thousand and fifty nine votes that is revolutionary man.
Thousand fifty nine the US will attend I still can't send any messages on that stupid thing the US will attack around 454.
Near will look with the my sprays friend one fifty one. Oh what does that happen.
Jim Madison worker full week without taking a day off one oh nine see my luck just like a story ahead from one of our friends out there.
I like would be out arranged to meet Ethan you know the the phone yeah no and he be like a seventy year old man.
Jim Madison worker full week without taking a day off that's this week by the way one oh nine W will be in peeps eighty three I'm praying man I'm like a praying mattress.
Hank will lose the announced seventy six I hate this poor sixty eight six point four percent rain was all that off in fifty nine.
Model returned to Q.A. I'm looking at that's got but third man.
George will get his own show on Q.A. and you're catching more though twenty nine you're only one behind yeah right so let me know so put the pedal to your.
Your show this is your brain any questions.
It's a full week. I'm going to have a one week.
I've gotten trouble again.
I was there was all the time.
I've been reckoning he almost said.
Slide to police car.
Hey cat a bag of powder balance on his knee.
I'll be this hand in the cooking job.
That's forming my.
I said it's a red.
They're perfect.
These are mental health.
They're perfect for each other in snake.
If he weren't green.
He looked just like shred.
Wait what is it?
I would have loved to have my.
Shred because I don't know for him.
We came to world my ties in the.
I would box him.
I would love for in the fight of him.
And I'm.
Shred that's a green monster person.
I swear it always works not making any sense.
The former San Keith's committing sin.
When he smiles he looks like a pick is best.
He took out two fall rubbing.
Give it.
I love while with my ties in his own man.
There's a fact I'm showing you the red.
There's a fact while it's a landed press.
And he punches so bright every day.
Hey, hey, hey.
I told you before I don't do what it touches.
Nice as he is is whenever he can't.
Forever that's not the best.
He took it with the test he was seeing.
That's not what I heard.
He's the one he won't need it anymore.
Because cops caught my ties in with cro.
I was in 1777 and I got in the sign for George.
Immediately he left.
You know that stuff you sent to our mutual friend yesterday morning
did not go through.
Really?
So we send it please.
Do it.
No.
Please.
As a personal favorite to me and my personal best friend
at the universe, please.
There's no problem.
There you go sweetheart.
See who I take care of my people or what?
I try my best.
And the interesting part of it is see this is a bad.
This is a horrible thing to say.
But I'm going to say it anyway.
Because you know me.
By the way, ratings 27 minutes.
I want everybody to come in and waddle in there with them.
About a half an hour.
But the fact that I have, because I'm getting emails from both of those two people on there
that I'm in touch with and want to continue keeping in touch with.
One of whom I actually speak with on the phone now is like a real honesty.
I'm living in breathing person and a really good friend.
But never look.
See there you go with that again.
How can you be friends with somebody you never met?
It's easy.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
But anyway, what was I saying?
I don't know.
It was something very important.
And now I forgot.
I was thinking about now that I'm emailing and I got one person with a phone number and speaking to.
The rest of this thing is like I'm not going to take it down because it would be bad.
You know that would be like an insult.
And by the way, Don who keeps wanting me to put stuff up to promote whatever he's doing.
There's a few people like that.
Want me to keep going.
You know, they want to horror my website, my MySpace.
Yeah, that's everybody.
But my question wasn't about receiving messages that I can't send them.
And my close personal friend Brandon just emailed and said he had the same problem once for a week in consenting messages.
It's MySpace is a piece of crap.
And by the way, I love you too.
Whatever you said.
He's just, you know, enjoying my pain.
That's all right.
So in other words, it's not just me.
I shouldn't take it personal.
It was just a coincidence.
And I should have gone all freak out.
Three hours.
But if somebody that you like, somebody you wanted to communicate with and you've been doing it for days and days and probably too much.
But anyway, we've been doing it.
And all of a sudden your message wouldn't go through them.
And you started like, oh, I think somebody blocked me.
You know, if I was doing it on MySpace, I would know that they...
You would know, but how was I supposed to know that I'm a virgin to you?
I'm a novice.
I tell you.
I'm going to believe you?
No.
I guess not.
Well, I should have.
I shouldn't believe you.
Well, what was the harm?
What was the problem that I encountered in the last, let's see, five o'clock is 12 and 6 is 18 hours.
There's no major problem.
I went on a blog which I'm able to write those updates.
No problem at all for the five people who read it.
And I said, I'm sorry, I'm unable to receive in some messages.
And then later on I was starting to receive some.
So I said, well, there's some coming through, but I can't send any out.
And so do I.
Okay.
Okay.
And I did you send that stuff through?
Because I guess, huh?
Yep.
I guess he must have gone.
He says, thank you very much by the way, our close personal friend.
To which there's only one thing to say.
Oh, God, you're disgusting.
You're disgusting.
Well, at least I'm honest.
Okay.
What's wrong to be loved?
Was that in that movie, Tertzong Trilogy, where he said that?
No, he didn't say that.
I just want to be not disgusting.
You didn't see that movie.
No, I don't.
They show that clip.
You know how all the wood is obsessed with the baggery.
So they're always showing that clip and they show the little,
it's from Tertzong Trilogy.
It's a very depressing movie.
By the way, if you see Tertzong Trilogy, what's his name?
What's his name?
Oh, what the hell's his name?
I said it yesterday.
Michael, the short kid.
He was in the movie with Marlon Brando.
What do you call it?
Who?
No, not my colleague.
He called him.
Not that short and not that gross.
No, he was in the movie with Marlon Brando, where he was reprising the Godfather role.
And they were chasing him.
He brought him back.
Matthew Broderick.
I told you it was something like that.
And Anne Bancroff was in it.
She played the Harvey Firesteen's mother.
And I will say this.
The Harvey Firesteen and his live and boyfriend adopted this kid.
Well, I don't want to go into it.
Anyway, Peggy Centella.
Sincerely, he wasn't Christ.
Somebody says, look who's teaching me not to teach who not to touch.
I think the church will disclose the reason for this meeting to the children.
St. Louis Cantler Church in Pinecred.
Yeah, I find this funny.
This is amusing.
Dear parents, this is a letter to sending out to all the parents from the office of religious education.
Talk about the pot-connettle pink.
See, and by the way, whoever was the fake in it, and you know it's got to be one of our chronics on there because the thing with your daughter.
You know, it's also obvious.
Very weak job.
Very poor.
Okay, you're going to have to practice on that.
And I will never work again with me.
I've already had my ex-pregnant.
I've been burned twice, and the third time was like.
And even the second time was weak.
Teaching children to protect themselves is part of the mandate for the charter, the protection of children, and young people adopted by the United States.
Conference of Catholic bishops in 2002.
This reminds me of Miss Foley all over again with a silk panties and whatever one.
Yes.
And in fact, I wrote back silk underwear sounds awfully gay.
That was part of my message.
I think that might have ticked off over the ear.
And there's always that possibility, is unlikely as it may seem.
I guess not.
That it was like a real person who was just screwing me.
I doubt it.
People I want to play again with, they don't send the real picture on there.
And plus the profile was off fake anyway.
Even Johnny G was on there.
Hey Johnny, how's it going?
The tone is down a little Johnny.
I did get all the Johnny's 85 messages this last night.
Oh, he's okay.
He means well, he's a real groupie.
He loves me like crazy.
The people I want to love me, they don't love me.
They like me, but they don't love me.
The people I don't want to love me, they're like, oh, Neil, like that.
Of course.
Right.
And they're strangers.
I'm January 23rd, 24th and 29th.
We will have a class, meaning the St. Louis Catholic Church in Pinecrest,
a class on touching safety, the great K-1 and 2.
How to touch safely.
Yeah, how to touch and where to touch, how to touch safely.
And then all of a sudden, oh, gee, I didn't need to touch there.
I'm January 30th, 31th and February 5th.
I'm a classist for grade 3 through 5, the sixth grade class schedule for January 23rd and 29th.
How old are you?
Not 30, man.
Well, that's another thing.
Can I explain?
See, I always wondered that, too, beginning with because Miguel put up this stupid Myspace thing.
And many people will ask me, how come it says you're 30 on your nearly-no-old fart?
Oh.
That's the age because it's not my page.
It's the Elijah Show page.
Correct.
So I've been on your Miami for 30 years, so I guess that was Miguel's way.
And Mark's first to laugh, they're changing it to 31.
It'll change out of metal, pulling.
It will?
Yes.
Wow.
Wow, that Myspace sure is nifty technically, and it's piece of crap.
Is that correct?
If your child was in a religious education, oh, you got Judge Duney, huh?
Jay, one of our Myspace friends sent me the soundboard, so unfortunately, your estranger isn't the...
We don't have your estranger.
You're right, I just...
I love it.
If your child was in a religious education program with St. Louis last year, remember we invited all parents to a...
Virtus, protecting God's children training session.
These sessions are merely to reinforce what you teach at home.
Materials for parents are available in a religious education or office.
May you be blessed in all you do for the welfare of your children, and if you're smart, you'll keep away from us.
Oh, shouldn't sit there.
I heard us, the liked children will go to an infertus.
Right, that's correct.
We're gonna do the best to alter your voice.
And certainly, you're as in Christ Peggy Santella, D-R-A-E, isn't D-R-E-S-A-C-K, a polydric.
What is we gonna drink?
Under the Ola.
Oh, God.
Give me a break.
Get out of here already, you lunatic, you maniac, you fecista.
Well, so we're getting a little something accomplished here this morning, and those people across the street.
I hate to break the news to you. It's the dolphin, it's the football season book, and you people are gonna do squat.
You can see that in the last train, couldn't you?
They're gonna squat all, right?
But you know what happens with squatters in this town?
They vanish.
I think he vanished, by the way, not that I really care when we're together.
But I think your close personal buddy, Joe, his ex-nabour, I think he vanished, which wouldn't be the first time.
Always beware of people who have like 75,000 addresses in the last six months.
It'd be, we were people like that.
1096 votes on the poll.
We're gonna have 1100 votes in by the time we come back from the break.
Holy crap, there is something going on.
You almost might think somebody was listening out there, wouldn't you?
Of course.
Johnny Miss Molly.
Well, you're sitting there reading those news stories, you read the newspaper on there, and then of course there's all the same crap coming from, you know, Don Sherwood, who wants the show.
He wants your job.
He's the new Roger.
He's the new Roger Maglan.
If I could tell people out there how many people over the years have tried for George's job.
But George is, uh, what saw, who else would do what he does so cheap?
You know, that's what it boils down to.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
I'm gonna have to start watching her.
And I haven't watched, I saw a little bit of passions a couple days ago.
It's kind of ironic that one of our friends out there gave me that info.
1100 votes on a button.
We didn't have to wait for the break.
You people are all over this show like stink on Greg, man.
Like stink on Maddie Bell.
I'm taking one thing and I shouldn't say this either.
Now you see, I noticed you let me slide on it.
That was very nice of you.
But don't you think it would be rude and crude?
I mean, in other words, it'll, this thing like you said, it'll sort itself out.
Eventually I'll be able to send messages.
But in the meantime, you know, send me all the messages you want.
I'm receiving them, or at least seven.
And that's fine.
And I'll read them.
And if you want to, we have 1186, we need 14 more friends for 1100, for whatever that means.
But I, you know, I got my people, uh, hammered down there.
I mean, I got the hammered down.
I got emails and one full number anyway, one full number anyhow, so far.
Which of these things is most like, I don't really care.
You know, it's more fun the other way.
Well, now, see if I wouldn't have had that phone number last night, but I'd pick a lot would have been.
I would have probably jumped off the balcony.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
In fact, that is absolutely correct.
Man, bitch.
1100 votes on the poll.
Which of these things most likely to happen in 2007?
The US will attack Iran 466.
Neil will allope with a Myspace friend.
Hopefully, a really cute and a hot young one who's a really horny 160.
And got bad taste.
Jim managed to work a full whip without taking a day off on 18.
It looks like this week he's on the schedule and since tomorrow's Friday, we don't have that far to go.
He's on today, it says.
W will be impeached 87.
Yeah, by those really ballsy Democrats, right?
Hank will lose an ounce 77, unlikely.
I hate this poll in a 69.
6.2%.
That's not too bad.
Wayne will sell the dolphins.
61.
George will get his own show on QM.
You move ahead of Moe 34.
Let's hear it for little George there.
George will get his own show on QM 34 in between the tapes.
And Moe will return to QM, Solomon Tey 201.
Hey, guys, welcome to the channel.
I'm gonna follow up on the channel.
Hey, guys, welcome to the channel.
Hey, wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Watch the world for it.
Turn the mountain here.
We're gonna roll you up.
And vote for it for the world we're on right now.
Hey, wait a minute.
Hold on.
When he says to ride,
He'll lose a down blue sand.
Where the name of the library goes.
Where my kids you tell.
You're in hell.
Now you're the infidel.
Hey, hold on a second.
But there's nothing making me sense to me.
Oh, for season.
Last thing I remember, it was time to go.
Yeah, I was learning my new year's eve recipes from Ray True Ray.
And that's where it gets buzzing.
I was learning French with my fair money.
They told me away.
You were the last thing.
I had my ship become full of juice.
When I saw them bring me the news.
Sure, I've been a little heinous.
But I saw them and I got a tiny gimme.
And they told me away.
You were the last thing.
I gave them one last word.
And then I found the jet.
No more shrug.
I've been up in the sidewalk.
So I was a down blue.
That's what big nuts.
Holy, happy, smart.
Can I just get short?
Come on, I hate me first.
I'm riding hell,
I'm a low, sit down with the same set.
Where in the name of Lindy Horde's underpan Jedi?
Can't you tell you're in hell?
Now you're the infidel.
Oh, it's very hot.
I can tell you that.
Holy crap.
Oh, Edith, this is cool.
I can light my ship now.
Right off my own finger.
Punni Pass 11 at 560 WM 1122 votes on that pool.
That is really un-miracally.
And we got the ratings coming in just a few minutes.
Oh my goodness, is all I can say.
Oh, God.
Anyway, Marco, if you want to send the other picture
like a real picture of a human being, go ahead and send it.
See these people, I'm trying to tell you I cannot respond.
People are asking me messages.
I can't send you a message.
Don't you understand?
Because my space is OK.
It's just about its issues.
What it is.
Follow what I'm saying.
Right.
1122 votes on that pool.
Heavy duty.
Yeah, man.
See, if you're going to be, I am very lily-re-bumped.
We got 11, what do we got?
10, 88.
We will need, we will need,
a lot more friends on there.
Paul, would it be something to have a lot of 100 friends?
Right.
Whatever.
Although I notice some of my good friends like,
what was the guy's name?
Zer Tech or what?
I don't know what the guy's name was.
Being able to see is he also on your list?
He's a good guy.
I don't know.
I'd have to see.
He's kind of a fan of two.
I can't think of what his name was.
There were several of them.
But they come and go like you said,
like my friend Harry.
What happened, Harry?
He probably is a,
it looked with his boyfriend out there at Diamond Head.
1122 votes.
Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007?
But as I started to say, and I keep interrupting myself,
because I'm really whipped up about these ratings.
Not.
And that is that if you're going to send me some phantom,
you know, we've already had enough game players on there.
If you're a provert, that's fine.
We like proverts as long as you're not going to molest anybody.
But other than that.
Cut the crap.
Who is the one I just added on there?
I added a couple of them.
Alex with a schmata around his head.
It looked like Miguel.
A lot of people like to maintain a level of anonymity on there.
And that's okay.
I don't have a problem with that.
But don't send me some like a stick figure,
or some, you know, a thing from a lot of people do that.
Well, good for them.
Send me a real picture, okay?
Not that I'm looking at that for any more pictures,
especially after a game player will look like a real person
with a real picture.
Like Ethan will be obvious like Darth Vader.
Very weak job, by the way.
Very weak job.
By the way, the silk panty sounded real to me.
Yeah.
Haha.
Oh, I'm tiny.
Which of these things is most likely happened in 2007?
The US will attack around 474, almost half of you people think that's going to happen.
And won't that be a sad day?
Won't that be the beginning of some real tourists?
Neil will open a MySpace friend 165.
I'm going to take them off to Berlin.
Hmm.
John, Jim Anderson will work a full week without taking the day off on 18.
Now, has he been on all week long?
Do you know Chris?
I mean, George would know because he don't listen.
I believe he has.
He has been on all week long.
He's on a schedule today.
And tomorrow.
Oh, right.
I like that.
He may make your New Year's Dream come true a whole week without the day off.
W will be impeached at 8.
Please say a prayer.
A brocha for that.
Hank will lose an ounce, 79.
Say several prayers for that because we love the Humphor, but man, he is just big as they come into business.
I hate this poll 69.
Wayne will sell it off in 63.
George will get his own show on QM 35 years.
You're ancient away from the MoMise.
Mr. Mo will return to QM 32.
Right.
Even Sandy Claus and Joe hates Mo like poison.
I'll never forget the day he called me up to tell me that Mo Howard David is on his last show on QM.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Call me to tell me he's on his last show.
And I thought to myself, oh, right.
Big Simmons, okay.
Show me something concrete.
Put somebody good on here.
Don't be, you know, doing all those gratuitous stuff.
But he slapped me on the back of the, oh, no, great.
Hold on, hold on, a bottle of rum.
Whatever that means.
He's known for the sailors said.
Who said that?
Pirates.
Pirates, a-
Arr.
That's what it was.
And how come I never did see that movie?
It seems to me it was out like years ago.
Johnny Depp Pirates of the Caribbean.
You're not missing anything.
But that movie has been panned so badly.
Everybody says, oh, he was so great in it, but the movie sucked.
That's right.
And the sequel even worse.
I don't even know what the, there's a sequel to it.
Oh, yeah.
I'd rather see the sequel to I know what, I know who you did last summer.
Is that correct?
That is very correct.
In fact, I know who you did last summer.
It was a stranger.
Outrageous.
Oh, let's see.
Don't tell me Don is back here again with his white hair.
He says, I tried it.
Immediately got my message sent to myself this morning.
Well, that-
He got his message sent to himself.
Oh, Don Almighty.
Do you understand that?
I'm not saying that nobody can send a message through.
I mean, how would I be getting his messages if his messages weren't working?
He says, go to your page, then send an email to yourself.
Okay.
Go to my page.
That's what he said.
Can I try this?
Whatever.
Do you understand what he's talking about?
I guess you can send a message to yourself, but whatever.
Well, how the hell do you do that?
Click on your own message thing.
Go to your own profile.
Oh, wait a minute.
Not home, but the view profile.
I know what you're talking about.
The die for the own change.
Well, this must be really assimilating radio.
Well, I don't apologize.
This is an important craft.
I got my buds to take care of out there.
Okay.
Now send my self-send message right under my picture.
There's a send a message.
Right.
Okay. Right.
Two Neo-Rodges.
Okay. Thank you, Don, like I said, you're the best.
Right.
Test.
Okay.
This is a test.
Send myself a message.
Now, let me see if there's going to go through.
I know it won't.
Okay.
And it always says your message has been sent immediately.
And then you return to inbox and you check the sent messages.
And there's nothing there.
It didn't work, Don, like I said.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
That was right.
Let's see.
Here's a replica in his back again.
Okay.
We'll post the picture and let you know when it is up.
Yeah, I'll bet you I bet it's up right now.
And not the picture either.
Sorry about my supposed deception.
But as you know, as well as anyone, my space can screw you over.
I just want to be careful.
And again, I'm only on here for the show and the entertainment.
It's from Marcos.
Hopefully you can solve that message sending nonsense.
Again, stupid my space.
That's correct.
Well, send the picture already.
Replicating keeps threatening.
I don't want to make it picture.
I don't want to make a piece picture.
I'm not looking for that.
See, and the interesting thing is all these people that keep trying to play games with me on here,
they all get the same replies from me.
I tell them all the same thing.
I'm not trolling for sex or for any other kind of hanky spanky on this thing.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not a crazy person.
Nor do I need to do that.
No.
Of course not, bitch.
So you can continue.
I mean, obviously kill some time because a lot of you, your motto is...
I have no right.
I'm like the eating pasta.
I mean, two hours.
I mean, I had the time too.
It was boring.
It was a Monday night or Tuesday, whatever it was.
You know.
And I'm sitting here and the messages are going back and forth and back and forth.
And you know, some people are going to weigh too much time on their hands.
That's it.
Exactly what we want.
I think that's what the great thing is you start thinking, waiting is intense, man.
And don't forget, it's not all important that we succeed, but that those guys across the street really fail.
All right, this is G Gordon Liddy, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Some stations give you tickets.
Some stations give you cars.
But this station is the only station that gives you magic old power.
Because this station is going to render you invisible.
Invisible.
Don't worry what you want.
Do what you want to do.
No one will ever know because you are invisible.
Cannot be seen.
It's a world of possibilities.
You can go to school.
Make it.
Make it.
Go to work.
Make it.
Make it.
See, other people will make it.
Make it.
Oh, because you're invisible.
Just be listening this weekend.
And when you hear this sound, be intense, come on.
And you'll be on your way to invisibility.
This station is essential for responsibilities for your actions while you are invisible.
Employees of this station and their families are not eligible to be invisible or make it ever.
Are you invisible?
Are you making it?
People listening for your chance to wait.
I will.
And we got the numbers coming in already.
1132.
I'm in 2554.
This is the overall 322 to a 33 from the summer book.
That's not much of an improvement.
I'll tell you that.
Now, how was the summer book?
Did we do really well?
Thanks to you.
Well, this show was number one.
I don't remember the rest of the station.
Oh.
Let me just reach back here and see.
This is the overall week, man 2554.
Radio Amor.
Oh, no.
This is everyone who speaks English in this book.
They went from third from a 4.8 to number one with a 6.9.
Radio Amor.
CMQFMA.
No speaking English.
From a 4.5 to a 5.7.
Tide for a second with hot.
5.7.
All the ethnic so far.
As they say in the trade,
suppose and suppose,
BGG, big 4.9.
Oh, they took a big drop from a 6.3.
EDR 3.8 to a 4.5.
Radio Hitmo.
More.
Oh.
Love.
94.
Now, who do you know?
Do you know anybody who listened to love 94?
No.
The coast took a precipitous drop.
Sorry, Mike.
Life.
XDJ.
Also, no speaking English.
They took a drop.
QAM, a 32 to a 33.
That's the overall week.
So it tells us nothing.
Power.
3.4.
Out of a 3.1.
Men in black.
WMIV.
WMIV.
SKR America.
Had a goose in there.
140 to a 2.6.
IOD had a precipitous drop also.
3.4.
Out of a 2.6.
Wow.
Not good over there at IOD, eh?
I'll see.
I'm looking for, oh, actually,
they had a real goose.
They were 1.8 to a 2.1.
They went from 20th to time for 19th.
They are moving on up to the east side.
Now let's hear the day parts.
I bet you're Kenny Walker, Kenny Toast Walker.
That was cute.
They're Kenny Toast, better I am.
I bet you're Kenny, sitting on the agency.
They're doing fine, those guys.
Radio Amor, number one.
See, this is so bogus, man.
This is the worst book in the history of books.
And then if we do well, I'll say,
what do we know they're crap?
This is Mornings Radio Amor's number one.
XDJ, number two with a 6.9.
Big, Paul and Old Ron from a 7.7.
Down to a 6.9.
But time for second.
Then, hot 105, CM CUNO Speeding Glaze.
I'm looking on here at WINC.
Where the hell are we?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Look who edged us out in the morning.
INC had a 2.6, MIB2.6.
WINC from a 2.6 down to a 2.5.
They dropped off the edge.
That's how we went from a 2.1 to a 2.4 in the morning.
So it's like even Stephen, almost dead even, Stephen.
Life, IOD with a 2.5 in the morning.
Oh, brother.
Oh, let's take a look.
Oh, oh, we're number two, dammit.
Well, that's 10 to 3.
Now, do you think we have a shot of being number one, 10 to 2?
Oh, number two, by hell, much.
Sixth, 10 to a point.
Radio Amor, again, with this totally bogus book they got.
They're number one in the midday with a 6.8.
We're number two with a 6.2.
We usually go up a point or almost a point
when we extrapolate the 10 to 2.
So we have to wait and now, into a couple of days,
so we get the extrapolations for the day part, 10 to 2.
Because we're not on from 10 to 3, in case you haven't noticed,
we're on 10 to 2.
And it could indicate if for that would be to see what kind of a number
they had from 3 to 7.
Wouldn't that be a good index?
Yeah, let's see what our friends across the street had in midday
that are talking so much about.
They're great website and they're doing this and they're right.
Yeah, right.
Let's see, Boy Scurimer, who went from a 1-2 to a 2-2.
Look at that.
And Waxi went from a 1-8 to a 2-point.
Oh, what?
Everybody making a move from time for 17th down to 20th.
Oh, they are really making a big move.
You can almost smell it.
They can almost tell what they had for breakfast.
Afternoons, the naughty one, we're going to get the most bogus,
wired diaries in the history of arbitrary.
They went from a 5-8 number 3 to an 8-point 6-number 1.
They got an 8-6-year in the afternoon, like my name is Haini Manouche.
Like my name is Puppy Campo.
And I'm ready to do a little Puppy just looking at this.
Now, let's see, how did the INZ with a 3-4 from a 1-6 to a 3-4 in the afternoon?
QM-2-3 to a 3-1.
So afternoons went up, so that's 3-1 and what do we got?
6-2.
So it's really hard to figure you know on that 2-3 hour.
Isn't it?
I'll do some crunching.
It'll be an exact, but you know, a guesstimate anyway.
Oh, I knew you knew that.
And the number's out.
So we had a 6-1, you said?
6-2.
And they had an 8-1.
And the naughty one more had a 6-8.
We got a shot.
Is Yimigjouc will say we had a shot.
So we had the number 1 or 2 on every single number.
We have to do number 1 with a what?
A 3-1.
Well, you know, you can only guess.
I can do the same thing you're going to do, but it all depends on what that 2-3 hour is.
That might have been a real strong hour, might have been a week hour.
Maybe they had a gigantic hour and that power hour between 4-5 with a Humper and a Mad Dog together.
Maybe chickens pee all over the adiaries here too with this Aradio Amor.
Aradio Amor, are you crazy or what, huh?
Do you know anybody who listens to that?
I, Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
And then he ain't listening.
And what's his other stuff you're sending me?
Are you sending me all this stuff?
Because I don't want to waste 80 minutes of it.
No, I don't know.
Whatever they handed me, I sent you and then they took it right back out of here.
And they did?
Sure.
Well, what the hell they do that for?
So are they pleased?
Are they displeased?
And they don't know what to be?
I brought it in, so I, you know, who did?
Beast.
So he had one of a deadpan expression on his face.
So I don't know.
He's actually got a wife.
He ought to be kissing the ground.
He ought to be in a good mood all the time.
How did the other shows do?
What are they showing?
You tell me.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you already said, but I wasn't, I was too busy.
The mornings went from a, let's see, you know, now you got me, I haven't stapled this stuff
again.
Okay, well, whatever, no rush.
Well, no, there's two, it's just, there's just so much suspense about whether or
you know, when we get the 10 to 2 break out.
And wouldn't it be something that we miss by like a 10th-ever point, the number one, and we want to get known to be.
The bonus for number two, that would be bad.
That would be bad.
Anyway, the morning hand, what did I say before?
They're not on the first page, but I think they made a little goose in there, a little step.
They went from a two-one to a two-four, from 18th to, uh, time for 14th.
Not exactly a major move, but nevertheless a little, moving in the right direction.
A two-four, a men 2554 is a little, uh, whatever, whatever it is it is.
And then we got a six-two, and then I already told you they went to a three-one in the afternoon,
and they afternoon they had a 3.1 share from stillkins, uh, from a, from a, uh, something.
And I'd see you're getting pushy again.
I'm not on that page, I'm just doing it from memory.
Okay, it's on the second page, and they got a three-one, and what did, let's see, a three-minute, from a two-three.
They went up nicely.
Not spectacular, and Waxi went from a one-nine to a two-way in the afternoon, so they're also right in the right.
And they're probably talking a big game.
Look at that, we're right on everybody's ass, and we edged them out in the morning again, blah, blah, blah, yeah, like that.
You could talk like I said, all you want a big game, you guys aren't doing squat.
Stooots, and all these other make-believe these wannabes, these pretend broadcasters.
Who the hell are you kidding?
And speaking of who you're kidding, here's an excellent poll idea from one of our listeners for, uh, maybe tomorrow.
I think the real Neo-Rodgers is, and here's some choices they have on here, an insecure geek.
Well, I guess he depends on what you mean by that, insecure in terms of other people.
Okay, in my space, they will make you so insecure like lose your mind. I will agree with you on that.
Just ask a couple of my regular, um, bunk buddies there on the, in my space, wow, insecure.
Gee, right on this one goal, what did I say, way out like that?
But I don't know what that means.
Outgoing and opinion is, since when am I outgoing?
See, I think those are two different categories, don't you?
Okay, I'm crossing out outgoing opinion is, a social butterfly.
Oh yeah, right.
A horn dog, well there's no question about that, a home body, an evil bastard, warm and cuddly, or straight.
Straight right to the ati room.
Let's see, oh here's more numbers coming, seven of midnight.
Do we care about that? Any case not anymore anyway, so what do we care about that stuff for?
So I guess we did okay, how we got some bonus money coming in, of course, you're really, you're really peeing in your pants.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, peeing either.
Well, both.
You're doing the Lawrence wealth number in your pants, one, two, and a three.
1157 votes on a poll, I'll tell you that, that is pretty dang impressive.
Yes, me, 20 till new in a queue.
Right, Louise and Gell, play it, baby.
Like I said, 20 till the one, nobody speaks English anyway anymore.
Come on, I'll fight, baby.
I'd like to see a fight between the Donald and Rosie.
He's a nowhere all billionaire, and she's very nosy.
He's been doing fattos and she's laughing at his hair.
But the truth is both of them look fattos underwear.
Neither one is so damn hot, they can attack me, either.
If I had a pillow, I don't know which one I'd smother.
The whole voice goes through me like a kid on a violin.
And all Rosie talks about his peeing, unless we end.
They both have a lot of money, so let's quit the wine.
And he can't use some hair, but's too eliminate the shine.
And she could shudder, yapping, cut her, meals down from my tattoo.
And possibly let somebody else walk on the view.
There's too much going on to listen to their history, fits.
Two celebrities just acting like total idiots.
We can't take a minute, more so both of you please shut up.
Or we'll see Rosie prod and strangle you with her de-cup.
Even if already Rosie and Donald, cuz no one cares,
I would rather just stay home and count off all my nose hairs.
It's like we're Mr. Wilson and your dentist, the dentist,
was the rating suck on the view and on me a friend.
It would not bother me in the least if Trump retired.
And somebody, a baby, she should say Rosie, you're fired.
Put your belly again and get up the evening news.
Or just kiss and make up and go on a Rosie, get cruise.
Rosie and Donald, Donald Trump, all that I've shown you.
And like they say, yet none, a hub and both and dread.
It's a 14-to-lil-n-a-q.
I'm not forget the mad dog is working today.
Oh, right.
And then we got to power hour with the mad dog alone,
cuz they're ain't no hub for today.
And then, Geldi, I never finished the schedule, did I?
I got as far as the power hour and then I took a shower.
Well, that was another thing.
That was in your buddy Ethan, fake Ethan.
That was in his mess.
He was out running in the morning.
He just came in to take a shower.
You know, I was just kept trying to lead me into a naked conversation.
I think I got another figure on there too, just now.
But we got a thousand ninety-one of friends on here.
I just approved one that I'm positive is another fake,
but that's okay.
I don't really care anymore.
Geldi at the Yentiss Center tonight,
the Panthers take on a Toronto Maple Leafs.
At the Bank, Yentiss Center, 730, the preview of 7 o'clock,
game time 730 followed by Jesse Agler,
live from the Yentiss Center, his life is Jesse ever gets.
How do you like that?
The Toronto Maple Leafs.
Well, I sure wish I was there to see that game.
Maybe I'll hop on the plane.
What do you think?
Well, it's been a chippy game and not many players have turned down
many invitations to get involved in a fight.
Well, that's good.
I'm sure Don Sherry would be very happy to hear that.
Let's get hockey intense.
What do you say?
Let's get into your face, instead of this, my space.
Sherryk investigates radio contest death,
and this is also a chopped off.
You know, you told me about making those changes on there
and about how they would end the day they didn't do it.
Oh, it should. Well, it didn't work.
Sorry.
A U.S. Sherryk hoping an investigation is to end the death
of a 20-year-old woman who died after a...
drank all that water, which contestants had to drink as much
while it was possible.
We had this story yesterday, and she was on the news last night,
and they played the clip from her.
Oh, I'm feeling a little hectic, ee-e-e-e.
You know, I think anybody that's dumb enough to participate
in any of these stupid things, pie eating contest,
we need eating contest, water drinking, whatever the hell it is,
they deserve to croak.
How about the blue?
The blue.
The blue.
The blue.
Sacramento Station KDNV is fired 10 staff members
over Friday's competition, called Hold Your We for a We.
WII.
Hold Your We for a We.
In which about 20 people tried to drink as much water
without going to the toilet to win an Nintendo We Games console.
They couldn't go to the toilet.
Maybe they peed their pants.
Jennifer Strange.
She's a stranger!
Not anymore, she's not.
28 Mother of Three died from suspected water intoxication
after coming in second.
She was put...
And it chopped off when it tells how much she drank here.
But I sure would like to see that.
After the contest, she called and sick at work was found dead
in her home about five hours later.
Water intoxication also known as hyperhydration or water poisoning
is in fact, where were the doctors that called in the STS
had her brain swold up?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh!
I'm a doctor, her brain swold up.
Water poisoning's potentially fatal,
can cause her regular heartbeat fluid and lungs,
and like sudden death like that.
So 10 staff members, including several on-air DJs,
have been fired over the ideal.
They're no longer with the company, providing the terms
of their employment agreement with the spokesman.
The Sacramento County Sheriff's Department later,
they have stated that they decided to open an investigation
into strange his death.
We have new information that's coming
to life from auto tapes of the show stage.
Folksman, Sergeant Timothy Kuren,
and Waterpeace, Ken, Jimmy Kuren, the harness drive.
Or John Kuren, his dead father, and Shreem must be dead.
Well, I know my drivers, don't I, man?
I could drive you crazy without crap.
This has some of my mind-space friends.
I'll tell you, I could drive you crazy without even trying.
We have new information that's coming to life from auto tapes
of the show, so it's folksman that's Timothy Kuren.
We've decided to open a death investigation,
which will take weeks and on conclusion,
our findings will be forward to the local district attorney
to see if we're going to file charges, huh?
The Sacramento County Court has yet to rules the cause of death,
but said her strangest death was consistent
with the Waterpeace investigation.
It was a stranger.
If you don't get that clip, man, I'm going to be really PO.
I'm sure somebody out there will hold on to this.
Are you impossible?
You're going to start being pulled.
You're going to be pulled.
Thank you, baby.
That too.
1172 on a poll today.
This poll is going over bigger than Mary Townley,
more and a six million dollar man.
Now, let me ask Chris, because we haven't asked Chris about this
since he's been on the show.
We haven't even talked about movies with you.
Have you seen...
Climax Madness, you know?
I don't think I think this anymore.
Oh!
Oh, yes.
I saw when I first saw a work interview.
No sound really enthusiastic about it though.
You didn't fall asleep in the middle of the movie, did you?
No, I saw a thing.
But you didn't like it.
I thought that it wasn't...
I mean, it was fine.
It wasn't anything else like...
Wow, yeah, great.
But, you know...
Hey.
And what was it my cup of tea?
Maybe George can explain this to me.
I tried to before.
And what is that?
We'll try it again.
That director, whatever his name is, and I've seen other movies,
but I can't think of his name right now.
Oh!
Has a style that...
Sydney Gleman.
Okay, that doesn't agree with a lot of people.
The pacing is kind of slow, and it's a little bit plotting,
and if you're not really interested in this...
What are you talking about?
The pacing is kind of slow.
It was a little lady, man.
All right.
I agree with George.
A lot of people don't like that.
I'm as mad as hell, but I just couldn't take this anymore.
Oh!
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television,
since turn them off right in the middle of the...
Oh.
I love that movie.
It's one of my all-time favorites.
And I don't care what any of you punch through.
I love it.
Well, I'm old and slow, so I like your eyes.
It's fine, but nevertheless.
I mean, there are moments of excitement
like what Howard Biel is doing his performances,
and there are a lot of people walking in talking.
Well, it's not a violent movie.
There's all kinds of bloodshed,
there are all kinds of nifty special lives
and people having conversations with each other.
It does have somebody get blown away in the end.
That's for Howard Biel.
I shouldn't have fallen for it if you haven't seen that work.
Too late.
Well, what about some of our other favorite movies?
Like Requiem for Dream?
Have you seen that?
I have nothing the whole thing yet.
Look at how I hook him up.
What do you mean you haven't seen the whole thing yet?
You fell sick because...
Yeah, it was on a cable or something like that,
and I was home for a while.
I mean, I love that flick.
But talk about slow and dragging a little bit, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, well.
Nothing slow about that, but...
What are you talking about?
Well, not once you started taking it,
popping a pill.
Everyone's individual little stories.
She was dancing on the ceiling on her,
when she started popping a pill.
They were all popping a pill.
Not, of course, poor Jerelito in that purple arm.
That's one of a gracious things.
Yes?
Yeah, one of the grossest things I've been able to do.
Not good.
I want to see again, though, I know who you do last summer.
I didn't really watch that much of it last night.
I just wasn't into it.
But that was I watching.
I have no idea.
I was busy trying to get to the same thing that I said my messages again.
I was getting all frantic.
Not really.
I was trying to calm myself down after a long 30-minute conversation
with my best new friend in the world.
You know, it's one of those things.
And that should be on the poll, too.
I think...
I don't know how you describe that.
I just don't get it.
Like an overgrown child.
Oh, let's see.
Here's this other person that wants to be a peehead.
My name is Chris.
My nickname is Pumpkinhead.
Well, let's see.
I don't think I put Pumpkinhead on our...
Let's see if he's got any real pictures on here.
And he's only got a nod.
And his picture is still a Pumpkinhead.
No, I'm saying?
Yeah.
And his four friends are yours, truly.
Mad and Miami.
Cool Keith.
And Villa Allegre.
Okay.
Which one is that?
I don't know.
Maybe a business.
No, it's a mail.
How can it be a mail?
What kind of a guy has got a name?
Villa Allegre.
I don't know.
Mail 36 is old in Jersey.
Well, anyway, how does Pumpkinhead?
I'll get to the message.
But I can't...
I can't set out.
I keep saying that again for the benefit of people who are tuning in.
Because unfortunately, we have some very unloyal people out there
who work during the day time and just ignore us.
Which I...
Yeah, that's wrong.
That insensitive to us.
1177 votes on the poll.
Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007?
The US will attack Iran 499.
Neato will aloe with the Myspace friend 171.
Jim Mandice will work a full week in two and without taking a day off 126.
I think this is the week that is.
Oh!
A W will be in Peach 91.
Hank will lose an ounce 81.
I hate this poll 78.6.
Wayne will sell the dolphins.
65.
How's that press conference on news or coach coming up?
Let's get that on right away for a couple hours.
George will get his own show on QM 36.
And you and more.
You and more in a tight battle there.
More will return to QM 32 only foe behind.
But maybe we can get a show together.
Oh, there's the story about Michael Vickin.
The residue in his bottle smell like Merge Wini, huh?
Uh-oh.
Not Michael Vick, that would make me sick.
What bottle?
There's a bottle of stuff he had in his veins.
Like I suppose it would be a bottle of water.
But the residue smell like...
It's a stash bottle.
Now, see, you're saying that.
You're looking even on what you wouldn't know Michael Vickin, if he wasn't the right one.
But I know a stash bottle.
What I see was?
T. E. U. Riciously, different, Merri Won, a deliciously different, Merri Won, I mean, I don't
have a stash bottle that looks like that.
Well, you better get one, okay?
If you want to be in.
If you want to be part of the in-crowd with Ramsay Lewis, you got Ramsay Lewis the in-crowd.
George Jones University, please don't tell me he croaked.
Still a country music, you know?
I always started a country music school.
I thought maybe he died.
You think I really would care about that?
Absolutely not.
In fact, I would say the best country music singer is a dead one.
That's the terrible thing to say.
I just don't like country music.
I do like white sport co-in-the-pink carnation by Marty Robinson.
And looking for love in all the wrong places.
Yeah, you like the point?
Mickey Gilly.
It was?
Yeah.
We always argue about that.
I always thought it was Bob Lumin.
It's Mickey Gilly.
Are you positive?
Are you sure?
Well, I don't have it.
Well, I'm looking it up.
Look it up.
I like that song.
It's about five country songs I like.
I like it.
I like the track record.
I like the track record.
I like Johnny Cash.
And a couple others.
A couple songs by a couple of days.
Johnny Cash, Ransford, Trax.
Now, what am I looking for?
Looking for love.
I know what I'm looking for.
I know what I'm looking for.
I know what I'm looking for.
I know the right place.
I'll take you to what the right place is.
And that's where you find it.
Let's see.
Look what they do to my song.
Looking for a stranger.
A stranger.
Look, looking through the eyes of love by the cartridge ring.
Oh, next one.
Johnny Lee.
Bob Lumin.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
It is.
There is a story of a coach named Nick Savin.
There is a story of a coach named Nick Savin.
He is the guy who just deserted the dolphins.
He is the guy who just deserted the dolphins.
He seems to be care what other people might call him.
He is some kind of an ale into the dolphins coffin.
They didn't take long for Nick to decide.
He was gonna leave and coat the crimson tide
Whenever he was asked about it he always lied
We watch Nick take the money and run
Go on take the money and run
So long take the money and run
Go on take the money and run
So long take the money and run
No longer on the sidelines in that stupid hat
We quit the team and now they're feeling so flat
I wonder what Wayne Highs didn't go really things of that
The dolphins I was thinking ship and dick is a rat
Every excuse Nick gives for leaving sounds lame
A whole lot of money to coach football games
And if it was you you know that you do the same
I guess that's why Nick doesn't feel any shame
Go on take the money and run
So long take the money and run
Go on take the money and run
So long take the money and run
Stay true y'all
Go on take the money and run
So I'm on 4 or 5 or 60 WQ way
I'm so I can't send any messages to you
I just tried it again
Cody S in whoever that is
I tried to return his message
He's 19 in Miami but he's got 130 friends
So I think he's for real whatever
I can't send any message Cody
And it's probably just as well anyway done
Now this is an assignment either for you
Because I'm just I'm just not technically competent to do some of these things
As you well know
So either you or Miguel
Okay
Don you can see the messages there right?
On your page?
Yeah
The comment you mean
No
I can't see the messages
If I log on to your account
Well why can't you do that?
I can
Well that's what I'm talking about
Jesus got almighty
I put it down
In the middle of 45 messages
I think that down is a technical kind of guy evidently
With the white hair in the mustache
And his latest message he says
I searched and found this
It looks like he can send an email to abuseatmyspace.com
With your Myspace ID
And see if you can do something with that
Okay?
If not that's okay too
Do something?
Yeah do something with it
Well in other words
He says it worked right away
It worked instantly for him
Because I don't want to have this ongoing problem for the rest of my life
Now speaking of this crap
By the way the phone is going to be anemic man with my $20 million budget
You know it
Four families suing Myspace over assaults
Parents claimed daughters were sexually abused by adults met on the site
How do you like that?
More bad news on Myspace
Fat
Four families have sued newscorp
And it's Myspace social networking site after their underage daughters
Were sexually abused by adults they met on the site
Oh my god
Forrest for the families said today
The law firms, Barry and Loewy
LLP of Austin, Texas
And Arnold and Ipkin of Houston
Said families from New York, Texas, Pennsylvania, South Carolina filed separate suits Wednesday
And Los Angeles Superior Court alleging negligence, recklessness, fraud, and negligence
Misrepresentation by the companies
In our view, Myspace waited entirely too long to attempt to institute meaningful security measures
That effectively increased the safety of their underage users
And Jason Ipkin and Arnold and Ipkin lawyer
Myspace based in LA did not immediately return calls for comment
Critics including parents, school officials, and police have increasingly warning of online predators at sites like Myspace
Where youth oriented visitors are encouraged to expand their circle of friends using free messaging tools and personal profile pages
Look out for those free tools, baby
Myspace is bespotted with added educational efforts and partnerships with law enforcement
The company has also placed restrictions on how adults make contact younger users on Myspace
While developing technology such as 1 anons yesterday, to let parents see some aspects of their child's online profile including these stated age
That tools expect to come out this summer
The lawyers who found the latest lawsuits had the plaintiffs include a 15-year-old girl from Texas
Who was led to a meeting drug and assaulted in 2006 by an adult Myspace user was currently serving a 10-year sentence in Texas after planning to go to the sexual assault
The others are a 15-year-old girl from Pennsylvania, 14-year-old from New York, and two South Carolina sisters ages 14 and 15
Last June the mother of a 14-year-old who said she was sexually assaulted by a 19-year-old user sued Myspace in his court seeking $30 million
About 30 men!
And damages that lawsuit filed on Texas State court claims the 19-year-old lied about being a senior in high school, began her trust and phone number
The 14-year-old girl said she was 19 and lied about her age
As he went to Bryan and Koch on her creek he says, don't blame it on the parents, blame it on Myspace baby
Myspace ain't your place now, did you see that thing I was talking about or not or am I just kidding?
No, I'm getting the information from Miguel who is in the building because I forgot it unless you want to give me your username and password on the air
See, I never had that information you see because he was doing all that
How about a five-faxive to you?
Oh, okay
By the way, speaking of that story, any parent that doesn't know what their 14-year-old child is watching on TV listening to on the radio or doing on the computer is irresponsible parent as Judge Judy would say
Judge Judy, who that?
She sounds like a stranger!
200 votes on the poll!
Holy moly rat man, not bad
Merrill Wannell, I substance confiscated from Atlanta quarterback at MIA, that was what I was referring to before and you said Michael Vick, who's that?
Right, but I don't know his first bottle, I want to see what
What would you expect?
Inspectors at Miami International yesterday confiscated a water bottle that Atlanta felt can quote-a-back Michael Vick was carrying
And later they found a secret compartment in the bottle, a secret compartment that contained a suspicious dark black substance
They thought smell like marriage a weeny baby, a suspicious dark black substance, how do you like that?
And it smelled just like...
Oh!
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
When they should move away, to T-O-O-O-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-
Now if you see K, tell her I miss her each day, and the FCC won't let me sing this, so my roasted day now if you see K, take her hand, gently say, that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days, oh, if you see K, if you wanna, then I'll see you with D-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O
I just got the stuff and I'm doing it now, but of course it's slow, so bear with it.
Not slow on that computer with that internet connection you got there, that's 50 equipment we got at QM.
And by the way, the audience will be amazed to know, I would say it's now either a week or very close to a week.
I think it's a week since that fact's machine that I paid for that I bought, arrived there.
And is it hooked up yet? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Of who what do I be at home? I am. I am  poor people who used to get week of death. Is who doesAME This
of other people are problem My
Because it's just fake and of course the sad part about that is that there are some
people who have set up their own mind space so they can communicate with me in the show.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
So some of them are legitimate and some of them are not.
But the legitimate ones they got to disadvantage because if you say if you have a page, a profile
page and there's like three friends on it, you're thinking, ah, maybe nobody likes you,
you know?
Or more likely bogus, bogus as in a total stranger like that.
And I will say that there's nothing stranger than this experience.
A second Republican sign on it was Senate resolution yesterday opposing President Bush's
troop build up in Iraq setting a marker for a major clash between the White House and
Congress on the unpopular war.
Senator Olympia Snow, a moderate from Maine, said she would support an on-binding resolution
that would put the Senate on record as saying the U.S. commitment in Iraq can be sustained
only with support from the American public and Congress.
Snow's decision to join the effort came as the White House and GOP leaders struggle to
keep Republicans from endorsing the resolution and raise questions about how many more
defections there might be.
Now it is time for the Congress to make its voice heard on a policy that's got such significant
implications for the nation in the Middle East and the world Snow said to written statement.
Earlier, Senator Chuck Hagel in Nebraska Republican and Potential 2008 presidential candidate
joined Democrats at a news conference announcing the resolution.
I will do everything I can to stop the president's policy.
The outline of Wednesday on Hagel said I think it's dangerously irresponsible.
There was I say Chuck as usual is.
That's so movement correction.
Even skeptical Republicans were summoned to private meetings with Bush and the National
Security Adviser Stephen Hentley at the White House.
Bush's aides made it clear that the Capitol Hill challenge would be met aggressively by
the administration.
President-National spokesman Tony Snow said resolutions passed by Congress will not affect Bush's
decision making.
Hey, stop and think about this.
We were number one with George on most of the time in the summertime and now we just might
miss out on number one.
And we had a higher number there.
You had a six four in the summer.
We got a six two.
Sure like those tapes a lot George.
You had a good just wait.
The president has got obligation to his commander in chief.
Snow said and he'll go ahead and execute them.
You know, execute them is the appropriate term.
Execute them.
Senate Department Services Committee chairman Carl Levin, Democrat of Michigan Chief
Father of the Senate resolution says, we do not support increased troops.
Steve from military involvement.
It costs for shifting the mission of US troops from combat to training.
Counter-terrorism and protecting Iraq's territorial integrity.
He said it also costs for the greater engagement of other countries in the region.
The stabilization and reconstruction of Iraq.
The resolution does not call for withdrawal of troops or threaten funding and military operations.
As many Democrats have suggested.
Instead, the legislation says the issue of transfer responsibility to the Iraqis
under an appropriately expedited timeline.
They're not specific.
Sometime between now and four weeks from next sookas, I think is what the resolution said.
Is that what it said?
Yes.
Some now in 16 weeks from tissue ball, I think it would be a good time to bring everybody home while we're still alive.
And one piece being the operative term in one freaking piece.
I was starting to say before the phone is very nicely quiet today.
Is that a good sign?
You know, I hadn't noticed.
I had it either because you know, my time is screensaver.
I read some time and I reach over there and I like give my mouse a little nudge.
You know, you ever give your mouse a little nudge?
I'll tell you something.
I can see that all the lines are nice and quiet.
Nice and quiet.
Is what I'm thinking.
What a Ohio.
235 votes.
Oh, there's the guy, a Devlin guy with those kids again.
The missing kids are your kidnap kids.
I don't care about that.
I'm not insensitive.
And of course it's grotesque.
Somebody kidnap somebody's kids.
And it's heartbreaking and heart-wrenching.
But enough already, you know?
The Missouri kidnapings.
Don't you want to hear a lot more about that?
They believe.
Yeah, well, I'm glad they believe.
They gotta believe.
235 votes.
Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007?
The US will attack around.
Or our fuck wall is still dead.
He was fat, man.
He was fat.
Oh, there he is.
He wasn't fat when he was done.
The kid needs that.
Oh, boy.
We're pushing him around there at the end.
He's not looking too good.
And now he's dead.
81.
What do you think about 81?
What are your thoughts on that?
What are your thoughts on the Zurich?
Sounds good.
Let's get some.
Now that's a movie.
I bet you.
I bet you.
Our chris has never seen that.
Pin.
Nope.
I'll bring it in for you.
Now, what's your take on that?
Would you like it, right?
I like to just find it.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's because you'd like the chickener.
You're like a Oscar-winning movie.
But it's a good movie.
Good story.
You don't know what's going on.
It was fun.
It's a successful.
Right.
And it was a dummy in it,
which we can relate to at QAM.
The 238 votes.
Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2009?
The US will attack around 519.
Neil will alone put the Myspace friend 184.
Jim Mann is to work a full week without taking a day off.
135.
This could be the week.
All right.
W will be in Pete's 98.
I hate this 482.
Hank will lose an ounce or two or 382.
Wayne will sell the dolphins 66.
George will get his own show on QM38 and mole research to M34.
Now, let's speak in a way.
I'm going to tell you something else.
Really embarrassing and stupid.
Okay.
And you're going to laugh at me this time really bad.
Yeah, well, you always laugh at me no matter what it was.
But, yeah, I went on here with that Jacob story.
Nobody would have dreamed that I would have told that crap on here.
Am I right?
Correct.
I didn't dream as I was doing it.
I didn't, it was like an out of body experience.
I can't believe I'm admitting to being session old fool.
You know, to be such a jerk.
But I am and I admit it.
You know, I mean, that's just the way it is.
We all do foolish things.
But I told you I'm 187 on the scale this morning.
Correct.
Now, that's the lowest number I've given you in a very long time, isn't it?
Yes.
I want to give you my, when I weigh in, you know, on the show.
187 is not a bad number for me.
I'm going to get to 170.
That's another 17 pounds.
By the time I make my next visit to South Florida.
When?
Not a couple of months.
You know, we can do like Phil.
Are you sure?
Yeah, we can do Neil and Judge Judy show.
We can have all the drop-ins from Judge Judy.
Right.
Oh, no.
No.
You know, there's a soundboard for practically anyone you can think of.
Really?
On the internet.
Yeah.
Is there really?
Yeah.
Well, that's fine.
The stranger.
You're talking the stranger.
And speaking of that and you're going to give me some crap about this.
Although, see, the good thing is that you believe me.
So, I mean, nobody else will believe.
Because nobody believes you can really make a friend online.
Whether it's my space or just...
Remember the one with the beast that has lovely wife online.
Did he really?
I didn't know that.
Not on my space, though.
Well, I'm not looking to get married.
I don't think it either is my close personal friend.
But anyway, I'm coming down to her couple of months and I'm...
We already kind of like made a date.
That's a terrible term to use.
You can't have lunch, you know?
Because as you already had a couple of interactions with my close personal friend,
he's a good guy, you know?
But I said, here...
What?
Yes, he is.
And I said here and I turned around and he's, you know,
he's probably a little pudgy too, as well.
He says, he don't want to put no naked pictures on his thing.
Because he's got like boobies, you know?
That's what how it is when he's circling pudgy.
But I turn around and I look at myself in his mirror and I...
Just in terms of presenting people, my self to other people,
not that it's got anything to do with being like a sex pot.
But it's...
I don't do that.
It's just that I don't want to be a look like a fat,
fat, fat, so I've told the people and I'm saying this.
You know, exactly.
Right, bitch.
1242, is that...
unreasonable to say that?
Are you like laughing now?
Are you chocolate?
Of course I'm not laughing.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Would that be a good to have gold?
Otherwise, it's an incentive.
Right.
And you are a goal-oriented kind of guy and usually achieve them.
So...
Right.
Yes.
Good.
Well, wouldn't that be...
Wouldn't that be a sweet thing if I say...
And it will happen.
It will happen because I'm not talking about a BS artist.
In fact, there were a couple of people that I was going to come down
and meet and take the lunch.
I'm not so sure about the other one.
He's a little bit elusive still at this point.
But yeah, we'll see.
But I think that would be a really nice thing.
I don't want to come down and be like a big fat slaughter.
Like, oh my god, look at Neil.
He's like, you know, fat in the slaughter.
The slaughter part, that's just goes with the territory.
Although you love my quarterback, Pantaloonies.
You need to get a whole bunch of those and we can do like a...
I know.
Yeah.
Are you sure...
27 past noon at QAM.
Find out more about...
Someone.
Come on.
I'm gonna walk to the left.
Yes, I feel like I have to go.
But when I sit down, it ain't so.
It ain't so.
My wife gave me cancer.
All the girls take care of my knee,
her ankle, red gong.
No matter what, it's all the same.
This heart's the patient.
Drive me insane.
Don't have a sense of my mouth.
Six days, I sit non-stop.
Tell you what, my turn of clothing is all start up.
My mouth's up with death.
All I was at the go.
All I was at the go.
Stop knocking.
I'll be on you in a minute.
Don't worry.
I'll be on you in a minute.
All I was at the go.
All I was at the go.
I guess I'll have to leave my car.
I'm sitting down with all I'm doing is thinking.
I'm sorry, regular.
Not me, Madam, as regular as an alarm clock, baby.
It's one thing I did not inherit from my neurotic mother.
It was that lifetime constipation.
Not that the audience needs to know that.
Maybe it's a little bit too much information.
What do you think?
Whatever.
They want to get to know me on a personal basis.
What are you going to say?
That I fired off an email as per Don's instruction.
Yes.
In your name and I'm awaiting the response.
And just to be sure that it wasn't a cooking problem on your computer
or something, which Don also mentioned that that might have something to do with it.
I, I, I, I set myself a message from you.
You sit right down and write yourself a letter?
Yes.
I'm going to sit right down and write Billy Williams, a quartet.
I'll tell you when to report.
So anyway, I set myself a message from your account.
And it didn't work.
Ah, see, so I'm not a person after that.
You thought like a computer is not Canadian.
Ah, good.
It's some ice space in your face.
Your face, yes.
Ah, 27 to 1, a QA.
I'm on a very, very bizarre.
I tend to those things are really looking up.
We had a good book there.
Not bad.
Well, you know, when you're doing a two, four in the morning
and then a three, one, the afternoon, and we got around a seven there,
I think we've done pretty good.
I think it'll be a seven.
Mark it down.
Easy to remember.
Oh, from, from your, oh, and I never looked at the afternoon.
Why can't do it right here?
That Dan Radio Ammore.
You see, this is what we're up against, man.
It is really.
Oh, great.
You, I don't have to tell you.
Six, eight in midday they got from a four one in the summer to a six, eight from eighth to first.
All in the afternoon.
Holy moly, they got an eight, six.
From three to seven.
Oh, by the way, yes, you like it.
That's by request.
Oh, they've got an eight, six in the afternoon.
You should live so long they got an eight, six.
So what does that mean?
I was that good or is that bad?
Who got an eight, six in the afternoon?
Radio Ammore.
From three to seven.
So maybe from two to three they had a humongous number in there.
Yeah, you fought over what I'm saying.
I do.
See, I've lost track of how I figured out how to do it.
Yeah, well, whatever, whatever it'll be,
case the roster, we're number one or number two and we'll take it.
We'll like it and we'll take it.
Do you like it?
I love it.
You don't like it so much because if we're number two you lose thousands and thousands and thousands.
Oh, oh, oh.
Three teens arrested and beating shown online.
But I mean, you know, I saw when you facts me that somebody facts it in.
I saw this story and I'm thinking to myself, I'm sitting here.
That this goes to sure.
I figured about whether I want to lose weight or the reasons.
I think it's good to have like a motivation here like, you know, isn't it?
I mean, I'm not doing it for anybody.
I'm doing it for myself.
But just because I don't want to come across as being a fat slum,
which I am, but you know, as you get older, it's not good to be like a fat slum.
But I'm opening myself up to the people out there.
And of course, I'm the celebrity on here.
See with me, with me, as you know, I get so enchanted with people that I don't even know
that like to me, they're the celebrity and I kiss their ass and you know,
and I don't want them to kiss my, I don't like ass kissers.
I hate that.
I mean, it's nice when we've had so many nice messages on here.
Thank you.
I've been listening to you for years since I was like a child and yada yada.
And which makes me feel very old number one.
But number two, it's nice.
Is it nice?
Nice.
Nice.
In fact, some of the messages I've gotten so far on this thing have been really
a very nice.
Very nice.
I can't watch that thing.
And even if you sent it to me with the right subtitles,
I just don't know.
I'm sorry.
But it's, I realize it's the weird horrible thing to say.
Old parts like me should be love and forehead.
I mean, nice.
That's good.
Other people who appreciate humor should watch that movie.
And especially people who like to watch fundamentalist Christians made a fool of
should watch that.
I want the rest of it.
Okay.
See now, now he's even taken a shot of my sense of humor, which it was really.
What a shot that.
If you like to laugh, I love to laugh.
Especially when you work for these people, maybe good laugh is a miracle.
When you can muster up a good laugh.
Huh?
Three teenagers who beat another girl while being videotape turn the camera on
themselves to brag about the incident before posting the video online police
said.
So what I was starting to say is like opening yourself up to strangers out there.
You've got to be a crazy person.
All these game players.
You know something this is probably an act of God.
They'll God.
But I can't respond to any of these messages out there, at least for today.
And maybe for a couple days.
I don't know.
Although Don, I did you read Don's message.
He said as soon as something happened, it came back on immediately.
Whatever he was talking about.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I forgot what he said though.
Don may be okay in his own white hair goofy way.
He might be all right.
Thank you Don for trying to help us out.
The teenagers or teenagers who arrested this is North Babylon, New York.
I have no idea where that is.
Do you must be near the city?
I never heard of that.
Oh, Suffolk County police.
North Babylon, New York.
Three teenagers beat another girl online.
They stupid enough to post a video online.
They arrested Tuesday and charges of juvenile delinquency and attempted assault.
The video was shown on two websites.
You.
I guess what the other one was, folks.
My space, which are popular with children and overgrown children.
In the video, screaming can be heard as a 13 year old girl.
Cowards on the ground while others punch her and kick her repeatedly in the head.
At one point she's dragged along the ground by her hair.
I'm serious.
The kids who did this, we should hang their ass just like Sodom and his two henchmen.
They hang them on TV tonight on Brian Williams.
I will kill you.
Good.
The beaten girl was not hospitalized.
Didn't tell her parents police.
They had authorities delaying learning about the incident, preventing the filling of
harsher, the filing of harsher charges of the assault.
Said Suffolk County police lieutenant Robert Edwards.
By the time we became aware of it and apparent physical injury that any apparent physical
injury she had, we're not really apparent to us.
He said.
Police said the beating which occurred in December 18 to around 4 p.m. at a school.
Apparently, we stopped after an adult intervene.
Someone owned Glitzimer and pulled up in his car.
We're saying you can see the car are open and they scatter.
They scattered like a bunch of chickens, like a bunch of cowards.
And then they go and put the videotape online.
Oh look at us.
Aren't we brave?
Are we?
Right.
Brilliant.
Morons like that.
Right.
Like that Ethan imitated yesterday.
I got myself underpants on.
Right.
You fairy.
The names of the accused girls were not released by police because they're being charged
as juveniles.
Two of the girls are 14 when it's 13.
I didn't know that there were girls who did this.
Yeah.
Just had the three teenagers.
The names of the accused girls were not released.
Police are investigating who taped the incident.
Isn't that lovely?
So there's three girls, 13, 14 who runs with the other one is and they take this chick
and they beat the crap out of her and they put it online.
Brilliant.
Like that.
And you know something they're going to marry about some poor sucker out there.
Yeah, I know.
As you well know, I don't know.
They're going to talk about the trap.
Forget about my space and your space and you like to and my tube and all that other.
Forget about that.
Wow.
Scandalist is what it is.
Come on waiting for the judge.
That's what I was looking for.
Very good.
1260 boy.
Every time I look at that pull it 1260 it takes me back to my days in 1963 before most
of you were born Albee and Michigan.
Oh, WALM.
I still think of Derwood car and pulling his pants up from doing a dump upstairs while
the news the news sounder was on.
You know, and it was Derwood just you know we had the monitors actually on the station
back in those days because there was only our station.
There was no FM there was no PM.
There was no FM to blast around like a QA with they don't want us into the end.
Right.
So he can hear it on the monitor and as you realize he's just pulling up his pantaloon.
He's like, Oh, gee, I better get to other and do the news.
And I'm sure he's dead by now.
I want you to stop and think about this.
This is a very depressing but you know me I can be depressing.
Think about all the people that you've known worked with coming to contact with over
the years and you'll lose touch with them.
And now they're dead and we don't even know it.
Yeah, like Derwood car.
I mean, not the right care.
My the PD and Albee and the guy pulling up the pants to do the news.
The guy that caught on the throne talk about getting caught with your pants now.
That's a good idea.
I think the spray call go do that.
What go get caught with my pants down.
Bet you will 20 to one at five 16.
Those those three girls man someday some guys that get hits with one of them and
it all boy look out look out.
I feel so sorry for some of you heterosexuals man.
That's right.
The nagging the whining.
Yeah, talking about judge Judy.
I mean, get serious.
Don't cry for me.
I'm already dead.
I know.
We'll bring you some flowers some pansies.
In God.
Who you have what it takes to be a news will if you do you will sport
whole radio five 60 WQ and invite you to listen with the five 60 Q a M
Niels will contest simply cut and pay someone else's profile and take to my
space or 50 words or less right why you should be a Niels will on the
back of a postcard and send it to WQ a M.
Stoom deals in the McAllister hotel.
Then when you hear this sound.
That's your chance to win her its millions for half even billions of dollars.
It's a bad thing.
It's a bad thing.
It's a bad thing.
It's a bad thing.
Open test and trust female know younger than 18 no older than 25 must be
shaving and smooth judges reserved the right to eliminate contestants based on
the rain equate similarity rate and scale of one to 10 runners up will receive
an autograph to click in a Niels will suitable for training and they do
click it's a Niels will found the new mature life in the parking lot will be
pointed by all prices will be awarded by my Anthony and the grand prize winners
are asked to be patient for it and definite period of time until the other
sites die.
1246.
I'm dying on the air.
560 don't you hear me?
We'll be very pleased to know and very proud of me that I'm not eating have no thoughts
no conversations no mention of my will anymore to anyone or anything and that
aren't you proud?
Yes.
Where do George didn't really go out to do a squatting?
Yes.
Oh no.
Wow.
Oh.
And so I can say are you hitting that?
Yes.
Chris is hitting the 360 now.
Oh.
I think I forgot we even have one in there.
Is it a 360?
DCS I don't know what it's going on.
And that's in there.
Oh brother I'm sure it is.
Oh.
Why does this call for carbon emission can't feel be sure and tell George that I'm not
changing my world yet.
We'll do.
I'm sure he's concerned about it.
Oh he's very.
The White House is that well especially if you don't make the number one in the end that
radio on more thing now do you see what we're up against here how how do you deal with
that?
How about how can you compete with that?
And by the way I wish some of you people including my good Jewish friend that just sent
me a message on there stop asking me questions I can't respond you they my my space is screwed
up okay my space is in your face it will not send any messages from our page.
It's got the source.
The White House is dashed hopes of a dramatic shift in climate change policy by George Bush
but says the president will allow his strategy to combat global warming in next week's
state of the onion address right.
That's your president by the way Chris yeah kind of not really Tony snow mr. Bush's
spokesman denied that the administration was ready to accept fixed camps and carbon emissions
by specified target dates that's not something we're talking about he said instead the president
selected to emphasize the importance of scientific innovation and call for great use of alternative
energy sources in particular ethanol hydrogen fuels to reduce the country's addiction to oil.
Press has been growing steadily on the administration both at home and abroad Tony Blair raised
the issue during his visit to Washington in December as did Angela Merkel chancellor Germany
member one Bush just sneaked up behind her and gave her a kiss on the cheek or whatever
or grabbed her boobies remember that?
Yep.
Oh you're back.
Oh Chris said you were taking the humongous squad is what he said on the installment plan
I think I'm going back to the next break to.
Chancellor Germany which has the presidency of both the UN the G8 who's some of the agenda
will focus on climate change when it's leaders gathered in the summer the topic is also
since the nominee next week's annual World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland so Georgia's
got the squirts I guess huh?
No no.
Put the country just the just the one.
Walk solid.
I see well thank God for that.
Oh in the US several states more now that's probably because all the food that you guys
have been a trumpet on last two days in there yesterday was char one's down think you
even mentioned them did you.
Charcut?
Yeah.
Not on the air.
Charcut.
Charcut.
Charcut.
Charcut.
Charcut.
And tomorrow is a soup day with the soup guy.
There's not the name of the place the soup guy in all the soup man.
I love my soup man.
There's there are a few things I've voted this before but there are a few things more depressing
to me when I go into a any kind of a restaurant for lunch dinner and I'm in a kind of a restaurant
where they have like a different soup every day and I school what's the soup today?
Oh I split P.
Lentil.
Lentil.
Oh brother.
Talk about super goyum.
Yantle.
In the US several states most notably California have taken matters in their own hands implicitly
criticizing Washington for its failure to whack.
Barbara Boxer at California in the Democratic the new chairman of the Senate Environment
Committee is introducing a national bill that follows her states example and seeks to
reduce carbon emissions by 80% by mid century.
But the very proliferation of initiatives here is complicating the efforts by Europe to
draw Washington to win a new global effort to combat global warming even though its dangers
are finally registering with a hitherto distanced and skeptical administration.
Global warming my ass there saying right.
This because it's 120 degrees in the North full what you'll be talking about.
Basically the US has to get its own house notice in the EU different involvement talks
with the administration.
It was also important yet and not to raise US fears about the son of Kyoto a packed with
fixed targets that would replace the existing Kyoto agreement on its expiry in 2012.
It's expiry.
Don't you love that?
This is from the grid independent the end of the state expiry.
I see.
Oh they are so talk about constipated.
These considerations too make it unlikely Mr. Bush will have anything startling the
same excuse they if they're doing something that's a very well kept secret the diplomats
said.
So well kept she went and his message was KMIT quit me and took us.
That was a good story.
I said here we are at the in that cure me or in took it.
Here here here here here near and took us.
Wow there's nothing like stories about Jews written by Goyle.
You know what what is that here near and took us.
Troubles and 76 votes on our world famous pool on air we got I think we're going for
14 today.
Let's do it.
Let's let everything hang hang right out.
Okay.
Troubles and 79 now they're coming in bunches like hemorrhoids man they're coming in
bunches like grapes.
Is that what you call sour grapes?
Remember I talked about my hot and sour soup that I'm eating a lot of for my favorite
Chinese not actually my favorite Chinese restaurant it's just you know can be far.
It's yeah convenient.
And that hot and sour soup even though it's not that hot and not that sour it's not
sweet and sour which I don't get because I've got like a lot of sugar in it.
But man you talk about roids wow wow wow.
I know your side of the hot and sour huh it'll clean out your side this is too.
Yeah maybe that's why I sound so good.
It's amazing to me because we've had some really nasty cool days lately and a little
bit of snow there's now I still on the ground for a castor and by the way did
I say he's never went down a little bit not you know he does well when there's no
competition out there when stirring's not on.
Profit II and look at that it's already minus one that's going to be plus one today.
34 not bad huh not bad not bad which means you know and let's see let's see what's
coming cloudy and 34 come on you can change it on there I want to see you have the
next three days the listeners are on the edge of their seats now this is mighty
important stuff plus one tomorrow minus four on Saturday but sunny and minus
one 30 on Sunday.
But third man so you people are it's getting a little chilly here in South Florida
right should be your worst problem.
From 179 votes judge Judy says we got to get to 14 hundred by two or we're dead
meet probably three which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007 the
US will attack Iran 540 and won't that be a real piece of crap if that happens if
his lunatic and his fellow Neal cons pull like kind of a con job be a bad move.
Yes.
Neal will open the my space friend 188 to which I would say all right yes I do Jim
Maddett will work a full week without taking a day off on 41 this could be the week
everybody stay tuned tuned it W will be impeached 99 I hate this 486 Hank will lose
announced for two or three eighty four couldn't hurt Langel sold it off in 71 George
will get his own show on QM you've got a real battle going on there you and your
your buddy.
Who backed off the right time now okay get out of my face bitch George will get his
own show on QM 39 and mobile return to QM only 35.
We got a four of hope lead on there argue George fans out there better hop on you
better lean on it folks yeah both of them jump right on it.
12 53 this is on this is not a two it's the ones with two hour.
And he is in you Mr. Carfong call troopers found some spot in your limo.
Whoa whoa whoa God bless you please Mr. Carfong call there's a happy sign that you will
say.
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey hey
First our garb uncle and now Michael's pick what what's gonna be next up who now can we trust?
Next it'll be George Rodriguez
13 hundred votes on the pool on I think we're gonna make 14 I
Think we slowed down Chris wasn't pushing it enough. He learned it from he learned that from Josh. He wasn't pushing it
13 and we'll you know what we'll get we'll get what we'll get how's that
Next we look at it just like on the phone there man that thing has been dormant. They're not even trying today
I'm not really sure I know why I guess they figured they gave up. Well, I'm sure they got a lot of material
I'd love to share with us now that thing that Don said and you did something and then nothing happened
I just tried it again, but the way yes, you know
I sent them an email
Per his instructions. Oh, I see but I don't expect anything
It was 45 weeks from some story that maybe we'll get a response and they might do something that I do know about my
Spaces they don't care about you or your issues my cuz there's no money involved right
And my why did they do that? What's the reason for that?
Why do they do what make it a free service?
Couldn't they charge you like you know ten bucks a year?
I mean they got nobody would go under then they wouldn't have millions of members, but they they have ads
You know they run the little banner ads and stuff
Yeah, so they're making a lot of money on that
Right on their about it. So if they're making a lot of money on that crap
Then why can't they at least get some tech support people on there instead of just having that stupid online support thing?
Radio stage rights a lot of money off this radio show too
And they don't keep a crap about it. I understand that how's that cable combinator
Your silly bastards in engineering fix it my ass
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Now there was a good one. That was one of the better ones we've had about two weeks my favorite five six seven oh five sixty
Tom five sixty neighbor residence singular wireless line W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Neil yes
What is your my space
ID a my space comm slash Neil God
Neil God their guy
God you D is in deal good
Excellent
I thought I wanted to know okay. Thanks palying all right
Well there you go and of course anybody can go on our regular site near Rogers dot com
And there's the don't we have a nice link to it on there a link. How much that a link in the sink?
You have a Lincoln log yeah, I think you just have one or two ability to aim. It's the line nine Q.A.M.
I'm still waiting for Magnolia. Yeah, okay. Well wait. Let us know when you're done. Let's know when Jason Robars croaks
Okay, you know that was kind of funny once you know, I mean it was
Well, it was moderately amusing. I said kind of funny
It was like not hysterical not fall down the floor and pee in your pants kind of laughing
It was mildly amusing once you know the Magnolia guy now to Chris ever see Magnolia
Nope. Oh
Although my George ruin it for you. Okay, okay
Nobody you're not interested. It's a
I'm sure I forgot it afternoon. Good afternoon sir. Yes, sir
You know that that startup George has a nerve to play all you can eat me grow on MLK day
Yeah, I blow it out your ass. See you. How did you Q.A.M. Hello?
Q.A.M.
Yeah, sir. I got a new player. Yeah
The round the jumper guy left his phone and some cuba guy sounded and the guy does not want to get it back to
me. Yeah, okay, Graham really delighted here to write us the whole story. Okay, give us a more day of
autobiography of yourself
For five the round the chambagai. Oh, how's very how very very sad. Oh
How pathetic five six seven oh five sixty and pond five sixty and leave a rising and singular wireless line how tragic
Zayt Regique
WQ a hello
I'd like them to know more about your humidifier if you can't please
You'd like to know more about it. Yeah, I'll tell you what send over you can let's go sit on it
Five I'll keep you a butt human all day long. How do you like that sir five six seven oh five sixty
Pound see it's good that we know that most of the calls we get leave here from across the street
And by the way, you still are you guys still have nothing right home about dolphin book
That's their claim to fame is the fall book and you know what they edges out in the morning by a tenth of a point
Which I don't think it'll happen again and you know and the rest of the nothing
Nothing up a little bit in the dolphin book. Wait for you to see what happens in the winter book
It's just like that jewel and what were those rumors that Josh quarters was starting about them
WQ I am hello. Hey, how you doing? Pally. Okay, sir. Yes, sir
I just want to touch baseball quick on something the media kind of said that the
California
Citrus crop was basically wiped out to do a freeze even three inches of
Snow down a Malibu
In a produce business let's let people know that
Publix windix the outlaces. I don't care if it's stop and shop any of these places are making between two and seven hundred percent
Mark up on produce are only making two to eight percent on can go to the old
Yeah, so what is I mean? Well, I mean if they're saying the price is going up triple
They don't have a conscious when it comes the markup is is brutal because the mid-air consumer who buys the produce
They can't even afford it. Well, I'm a meat lover myself and I'm thinking about that
Macaroni and cheese to when you come right now. That would be bad
If I'm gonna lose all that weight and look a little bit more human and spiffy for all my good online friends when I come down here
I don't want to be you know blobbing around with macaroni and cheese in my perfect wouldn't that be bad? That would be
Why don't you just make your own with some dream field?
I don't because I don't have any macaroni. I got pasta
What's the difference? They do have the Maconi? Well, it's just a shape and it takes you in a whole thing
I mean, that's like saying when you go to a restaurant. Why would you order macaroni is opposed to like ordering
Spaghetti, you know exactly why would you?
I got to be honest with you. I don't think I've ever ordered macaroni in a restaurant. I mean I could be wrong about that now
Like it of a fake. Well sometimes I'll have like macaroni salad
Oh, man macaroni salad. I'm gonna get my blood sugar so enough there for macaroni salad
See as you know one thing about me if I'm gonna like a die from eating things that I shouldn't like ice cream and
Post and all of these things. I'm gonna make sure it's something damn good
Good
There is nothing more frustrating to me than going out and figure I'm gonna binge today
You know my weight is good and I got my blood sugar nice word should be and go out and get like a punter ice cream
And it's a new flavor, you know, and I have been bitching about this for a long time
Ben and Jerry's as much as I love them
They've come up with more crappy flavors in last couple of years and you'll try one of the new ones and it's like oh
G. I you know
Why did I do that? I don't know and I put it there and I do nukin the microwave in spite of one of my online
Buddies that keep still me quit nukin your ice cream. Okay, it makes me nauseous if I wanted to milkshake I get a milkshake my girl business
Yeah, I'm on business Brandon
Somebody cue I am hello
There he is again every single day. Where's your material you've been on this phone eight million times and you always say the same crap
Okay, every single time where is your material or how come you don't you know, give me a big kissy kissy
I'll give you a big kissy my foot deep inside your bowels, baby. I'll give you roids for life. Okay, no extra charge
WQ I am hello
Q. I am
Somebody on there I heard a radio in the back
They're looking they're lurking Q. I. M fantasy line fandom color line
Can't do it. They couldn't get it up WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello. Yeah, tell mr. Produce that I went to public today and I paid 24 cents for banana and I don't have a problem with that at all
Okay, I had a good line for that
Yeah, I'll help her peel it and bury it
Well, I mean sometimes you put things in the ground and they grow you never that's right they grew something
Oh brother
Let's have a big get simmiss about that you know 24 cents for banana. Yeah, I think I got a four-to-hole bunch
1321 votes. I don't know we got 50 minutes and we need 79 votes. I think we do have a shot. See Chris tried to talk me out of it
By not having it we have a thousand ninety two of my space friends by the way
We need only eight more and I still can't send any messages out so if you think oh boy
He sure is unfriendly. He's not replied to me must take me forget about that
There's nothing worse than thinking when somebody doesn't reply to you that they hate you like poison
Believe me when I say to that
Don't start getting psychotic and getting your complex because somebody doesn't drop their whole life and just like oh
Yeah, I better respond to Neil right away like that because I'm a schmuck
Because I'm a person I have no patience. Okay?
And as a result, this is one of the in some ways one of the worst things that could ever happen
And like now I'm looking on somebody's regular. Let's see. It says nothing like a good fight a spaghetti
a spagotony
And since you have to watch mad TV to understand that one and stop
And stop then stop nooking this is from a brand and it was up so I keep nooking the
Then Jerry's as hard as a brick. Yeah, yeah, so it so is the listen if you go like into a convenience store
Which is where I buy or even to the supermarket and you buy a pun ice cream
It's sitting in that freezer and they keep it extra cool because they don't want to let their stuff
You know spoil right because people open the doors that is correct and
As a result when you bring home unless you live in a long long way and it's like an event of course in Florida
It's a whole different ambiance here. It's like 30 degrees
And the ice cream ain't gonna melt on my wild home from the story, you know
So you you take off the lid of the ice cream like I'm hogging does there's that little plastic thing they have to rip off
Under the lid
And then you and it's like you said it's as solid as a rock I correct
I told I told you that time that my good friends in air Canada
This is years ago when I was talking about the Ben and Jerry's fish food. I told you that
Everybody in executive class for dessert got free fish food
But it was you know like a little bowl of fish food. It was as hard as a brick and you're taking your spoon
You know it's a plastic spoon
No, that was back in the days when you actually had a regular spoon. Oh, I remember that we actually scored some
The airline silverware once did you really yeah, we had you're probably the kind of guy who wishes pump or next
We're still around so you can go and steal them silverware and a sweet and low and all that stuff
Sure list those all those years that I made fun of senior citizens and now I'm one of them
And you notice just like I promised you I would never be like that. I'm not cheap. I'm extraordinarily generous to a fault
In fact, I'm thinking of donating my bonus money whatever it's gonna be giving it away good for you
Listen mr. Piff switch you've been on a show what now we can have to me and you think I'm giving you money
Hey, I'm just trying to afford a laptop so I can be a good producer over here
Well, I'm sure I'm sure that Josh and now he's making the big bucks
I'm sure he'll be more than happy to buy you one right after he buys that big screen TV for George
Mark and Mark I played the game the baseball since I was nine years old. I was fairly to be able to play 15 years and
Majorly very sports friends is really known for his powerful heads and as long as you home but it seems
They don't admire. I love every step for national
passing
Jeremy now baby in it's such a shame that his name was stricken from the whole of fame because
steroids he desired
Mark
Oh here they took him to me grin and curl rip in when only one two here was marking over
There's been a problem with steroid use in baseball
It is a problem
And that needs to be addressed
You know
The performance enhancing drugs of any time to be dangerous
My heart goes out to every parent whose son or daughter
Will pick them to stare with you. Why I almost in tears. You can hear it
He doesn't want to live in the past though. He wants to look to the future
One 19 to QM now. Let me ask you. I never sent you that info you wanted
Which is bad the past word and all that that's what I got it. Oh you do got it. Yes. Yes. Now let me say this is Miguel around
No
What does that mean I got Paul muscle bound Paul who's got 2134 friends and I guess if you look like him you probably would too
But who knows see that's the thing it says on their 99 years old
You know which guys that don't want to tell you how old they are anybody anyway. They just write it right there
They just make up right wild stuff
He says regarding can't send and I still can't
Change the profile to the neo-rodger show start a new neo-rodgers profile set it to private only add cool people
Now do you understand what he's saying? Yeah
What does that mean in other words like starting all over again exactly? Yeah
Is that what that means yeah, we may have to do that
Okay, and we'll only put cool people on there like Johnny G and stuff like that
Speaker of that. I don't know how many people are actually being able to get their stuff through
You know we have an any anybody call and of course our callers are not the same as the people on here except of course for the chronics
Like Ethan, you know like phony Ethan like the cranks like uh, uh, huh like that
So you don't think that's a good idea because I don't know. I know nothing about this crap, man
You've wasted this on me. Oh, yeah. Well, what does that mean? Oh, yeah
You lost my idea
No, but you weren't necessarily supposed to even be interacting with it
It's kind of a glorified online ad for the show. Well, let me just say this
The inbound messages today have been way way down what I normally would get anyone to why cuz they know I can't reply correct
See a lot of these people are hand bones. It's like some of my good friends on their rule of life
You know talk about them on here. I have yet to almost there is almost nobody who says oh don't talk about me on here because uh, you know I'm bashful or yeah like that
Follow yep
They're hand bones. They enjoy the attention who doesn't some of them will get a lot more attention than others
But anyway, so Paul's idea is a bad one or what I mean we could do that today. I mean how long would that take?
I longer than I want to spend in McGellin around
I'm not talking about you doing it. It's McGell's responsibility
I think I think it's drastic. I think a lot of you're gonna get a lot of uh, you think it's a draconian measure
Yes, I do and I think that
I
Have a lot of suggestions that will not involve any extra effort on their part
Right, well I'm about to improve it anyway. We'll put it on there whatever you say and then my Jewish friend David who's still waiting for response
David I can't send you a message. Okay, you're hami ankle you
Relax 1339 in a poll we need 61 and 39 minutes. Oh, it's a possibility
I don't want to do this through it earlier in the show cuz I don't want to make too many suicides
So I saved it for later on. Okay, although I probably should take some of these calls
It's pretty depressing. It's about the nuclear the doomsday clock
Did you see it? No, no, no flavor than you think oh
I'm sorry. Oh, let's create yeah, I'll show that okay, sir
Baba booey. Yeah, Bob by your ass. Dominic Q. I. M. Hello
Q. A. M.
Yes, that was her that was either that was either Don Johnson's 10 major Rajaj
Judy. I'm sure of it. That was Don
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Q. A. M.
Nice deadline. We have one like yesterday too. I mean really so
And that ones there it is. There's their dial phone Q. A. M. Hello
Yeah, if you're having problems sending your messages, it could be that you were blocked by that person
Okay, I can't send to anybody. Don't you understand sir? I can't send out a message to anybody
Not just a person to anybody
Did you try to get yourself and it won't work if they won't come through
Oh, and no, I know thing do you know you could track her on your your account so you can see who's
Who's looking at you? No, I never heard of that
I never heard of trackspace.com.net
See like I said, hopefully the people are gonna call us or not going to be the people from the
Myspace most of them because oh boy
The scientist who mined the doomsday clock moved the two minutes closer to midnight last night
symbolizing the annihilation of civilization and the pearls of global warming for the first time
It's 11.55
The bollum of the atomic scientists which created the doomsday clock in 1947 to won the world of the dangers and nuclear weapons advance the clock to
Five minutes until midnight
Oh, how do you like that? How do you uh, how do you?
nervous people out there that are screw your brains out?
That's right. That's right. That lady that bought the banana and public's bitter barrier
We stand at the break of a second nuclear rage the bulletin's board of directors said in the statement
They pointed in orkarias first nuclear test. It ran's nuclear ambitions
US flirtation with a bunker buster nuclear bombs the continued presence of 26,000 American Russian nuclear weapons and
inadequate security for nuclear materials
But the scientists also said destruction of human habits that's reached by climate change brought on by human activities is a growing
Danger rhymes with stranger
Global warming poses a death threat to the human civilization at a second only the nuclear weapons they said
The announcement was made to a new conference in London and war she knew wasn't that great
It's five minutes till midnight and they're pushing it up. What what happens when it gets to midnight? We're still here
That's like that y2k crap remember that helping you forget
Oh, what's gonna happen at midnight on why am I to k when we go from
99 to 2000 in yada yada yada and all the o'clock
They're gonna go crazy and the water is gonna get shut off in your electricity and your dog is gonna be farting all over the house
It's gonna be unbelievable
What's this Andre one just come to light if it wasn't for Chris Noinsky. He's a former Harvard football. Well, we don't care
1343 votes on a poll we're making a real push for 14, which I think we shot we overshot our 1348
35 minutes 52 votes. That's not even two a minute. That's like one and a half a minute
Don't you think with his vast audience? We used to have that we ought to be able to do that now
What day do we actually get the let's see today's Thursday probably not till Monday? We got to wait all week
All right, that's right
To get the damn break out the oh the actual hour least so that we know what we did between 10 and two and whether we get the number one
Bonus or number two it'll be a lot more fun on Monday to be able to come in and go on the year and say
As opposed to saying we're
Two oh not well done
But anyway, we'll see you think we made it huh?
That's my statement
It's virtual thinking in my case. I hope we do
Yeah, I want to get a lot of money there. I could use for woodbine
I'm gonna say I'll guys five chickens and a goat. Okay, good
26 past month. We got the mad dog at two. I forget the panthers and the maple leaves at the
Yantos and I guilty before the game before five and seven
Oh brother and of course, I'll be doing a game along with silly as red deer Randy moor from seven three to ten
Just the anger after the game. That's our award winning QM schedule like it or not
And of course, that's gonna be on our new billboard. Here's our lineup. Do you like it right or not or not
Or
Stance of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphins

You
Op
Up
My father Muhammad Sehat
My father Muhammad Sehat
Long live our generation
up the button.
Rue, up the button.
No she here.
Up the button.
You're cut, pal.
It cuts our lips.
Rue!
Rue!
Rue!
Rue!
Rue!
Rue!
Rue!
Rue!
Rue!
Up the button.
This is going to be tense.
We have 13, 15, 14, 14, and 14, we need 46 votes in 29 minutes.
Can we do it?
That's like, I don't know.
Sure thing.
Where's the Chris?
Yes.
You can do it!
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
Well, we'll see.
And if we don't, the big thing can deal, right?
567-0560, I mean, who's counting, you know?
When you got a thousand, ninety-two MySpace friends, most of them under the age of a thousand,
too, by the way.
Well, that's good.
It is good.
So what's going to happen when we hit 1100?
Nothing.
No, part 1100.
How about four?
Oh, you mean 1100 on the MySpace?
Why do you want me to take it down?
I think we leave it up.
Yeah.
And last week, we hit 1100.
Then we go for 1200.
You keep setting new goals.
That guy that was on it before with the suggestion that you didn't like Paul with the assured off,
he's got 2134 friends.
And by the way, both of you guys will be very interested to see all of his friends,
or at least most of them anyway.
Trust me when I tell you.
I could represent myself, as you already know, any of us could represent ourselves
as someone who would have 3,000 friends if we wanted to.
Yeah.
That's an awful lot of work though to take all those pictures of somebody else's profile.
There are a lot.
Right click, save as.
You do it in one.
2134?
I think you're jealous.
And I think when you look at the pictures on there, the hot chicks on there,
you're going to say, I don't care whether they're real or imaginary.
You're going to, mm, like that.
That's what you're going to be doing.
Whatever.
Well, you are skeptical, man.
After all the good experiences I've had on here.
Which I can only take a two at the moment.
And one who's still very mysterious.
Five, man, he likes it that way.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Come on, let's get a real Fourier call here to slide staff out, okay?
Yeah, the Jewish guy on there, whatever his name was David.
He wanted me to explain to him the ratings and how they work so that every time I talk about them,
what it is, it's a bunch of crap is what it is, okay?
It's a popularity contest.
And this thing with these Julio station,
Claudio on more, that is, it's so mind-blowing, huh?
Bogus?
Bogus doesn't even come close to describing it.
Bogus.
WQIN.
It doesn't make sense.
QIN, hello.
Try to get it.
Well, I'm hitting it.
I'm banging it.
QIN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to let you know that somebody was calling me and I'm impersonating you actually.
Yeah.
Because, what did I ever?
Oh, are you back?
What did I ever?
Yeah.
That's how I do it.
That's how I do it.
We don't have a script on this show, sir.
Yeah.
Well, that's the same guy.
I don't think he came in with a, on the Myspace thing and I thought we had like a, you know,
a fairly friendly kind of understand and he's back to the same crap again.
Sir, get a life already, please.
I have no life.
Oh my God, that's the thing about some of you people, so many of you people, get a freaking life.
Thinkin' that happened.
Oh, talk about a one-note Charlie.
What did I ever do?
He was like a normal person on there.
Guess again.
I said on there.
Which goes to show you that what you think is normal on there, then you find out what we just say.
Right.
What you see is not always what you get.
Go to QAM, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
You know what I noticed about Myspace also?
Is this like that guy that just called?
If they take themselves off, they, if your friend's number,
it doesn't change.
Like for example, it says, I have 38 friends, well two of them dropped off him and his girlfriend dropped off.
And he still has 38.
And it still says 38, so.
It takes a while for everything to be updated.
Yeah, maybe seven.
Well, yeah, and with me, I have noticed that because I have seen when somebody would drop shop for whatever that does go down a number.
And another thing, when you add somebody, it takes like a couple hours before they show up in your list of friends under the picture shows up in the profile of the whole deal.
That takes an hour and a half, two hours.
Oh, that's fine, but I don't know how many.
It doesn't.
When you see everyone is different, they're all screwed up.
Yeah, because you have so many of that's life.
Now, have you ever had a technical problem or you couldn't send a message or receive?
I have so many technical problems on there.
No matter what the gift is, it'll just say sorry that we're experiencing technical problems.
We will forward this to Myspace, technical, whatever.
And who knows what that means.
Yeah, super Murdoch, man, they're evil.
And then you just got to come back to it a while later.
I mean, your issue has seems to be taking a long time, but for some reason.
But yeah, I've had lots of problems on there like everybody has.
I think they just don't care.
They don't give a crap, yeah.
Well, I had an idea for a poll and I'm not sure how to go about it.
I guess it could go one of several ways.
Okay.
I only go one way.
We're going ahead.
It occurred to me when I was listening to the radio the other day.
When you're not on, I try to find something else.
And I guess the question came up.
You mean, I was just then 10 to 2 you're talking about.
Yeah.
Oh, I thought that was a shot at George.
I'm sure George did it.
Oh, no, no, I just know.
I thought this sounded like it was a really mean spirited shot at George.
It was very, very, not.
Okay.
No, I love that.
Didn't you feel that way?
Didn't you take it that way, George?
No, no, no.
Go ahead.
Anyway, I was thinking when you're listening to the radio what makes you immediately punch it to another station?
If something comes on.
Oh, I think what we were just talking about with a lot of these people.
They're just the nauseous from that.
Well, like for example.
See, I never thought, first of all, when it was first on there, I almost never discussed it at all.
You know, because I didn't know anything about it.
And then when you get kind of sucked into it, you know, and you start communicating and you realize people realize you actually replied to them,
then it becomes like bigger than life and it becomes a part of the show.
And there are a lot of people out there who are like over the age of 100 or just have no interest in computers or this site in particular.
And they're like, oh my God, that's all he talks about.
So I think that was certainly probably winning.
Well, I love it.
So, but I think though with personalities or topics or bands like Creed, which is what inspired me.
Oh.
You know, instead of Creed, that comes on.
Good choice.
That's what I do.
I just take a deep breath and touch it off.
Yeah.
You can beat by a jovy.
You know, it can be bands or people or subjects.
Come over here.
You can tweak it whatever way you should.
What makes you reach for the dial faster than anything else?
Just Creed.
Okay.
Creed or by a jovy?
That's going to be the pull.
Oh, poor John by a jovy.
Poor John.
He's adorable, but I hate his music.
Nobody's perfect.
Nobody's perfect.
He doesn't look at me.
Okay, bye-bye.
Thanks a lot.
John by a jovy.
This ain't a song about a happy couple.
You know, I've always wondered because I can take him or leave him.
I mean, the music is some of it's okay.
I can leave him.
Yeah.
Seriously, why does everybody hate him so much?
Well, he's really, let's see the music sucks.
You're a very powerful spandex.
Yeah.
I'm done.
I mean, you could add more to that if you want.
I'm sure it's enough for me.
Let's hear it.
And we're going to do all this crap about him being gay.
Like that come from.
Purple spandex.
Oh, well, in other words, straight guys don't wear purple spandex pants.
No.
It's good enough for very man-alow.
Yeah.
The rest of my kids.
Real men like that.
Uh-huh.
1370 on the pull.
This is going to be this may be one of our all time as tight as a witch's earlobe.
This is going to be really close.
Right down to the edge.
I'm on the very edge of my swivel cheer here.
I feel like Larry King.
I want to start swiveling around like a dreidel.
1370 on the pull.
We need 30 votes in 20-women to get to 1400.
And as Chris said, and then what?
And dumb as ghosts.
Oh, you're fairies.
Got some bad news from his dog.
Mary Jane is in the middle of the movie.
You're fairies.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
No one knows who is the donor.
But everyone holds his brother as they.
And you can tell from the ultrasound image if the little baby will be gay or straight.
The tetras are tonight confusing.
Game Mary is reproducing.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
1383, we need 17 votes in 16 minutes.
That's just barely one minute.
If we can't do that, we might as well shut this baby down.
Shut the transmitter down.
I think we got two more.
We got 1094 now.
on a mySpace. So almost got our 1100. Wouldn't that be a real feather in somebody's ass?
That would be something. Wow, it would be something to see somebody walking around.
And you know what else is really amazing to me? I think we did pretty well considering.
Considering the fact that the numbers on the rest of the station aren't exactly what you'd call,
you know, and of course that radio on more, that skews everything down anyway.
Everybody else takes a hit because of that, right? That's a good excuse. But I mean,
you know, considering the fact the other part, day parts are like twos and trees,
and we're sitting there with probably a close to a 7 or maybe even over a 7. God only knows.
Damn God! See what I'm saying? No, what do you say? I don't know.
No, I'm just saying that considering there is no promotion, no support, and what Smokey Joe thinks is
his idea of lemming support of this show, which is not existing, I think we ought to put,
you know, put a pad on our each other's ass. All right, what do you say?
Let's talk about that. You have a Christian doing it right now. I saw a pad in the George East
God. It sucked. No heavy pad in there, right? 13, 84. We need 16 votes in 15 minutes. It's still
there. They're pouring in one at a time now. They're coming in by the ones. If we fall a little
bit short, that would be really bad, wouldn't it? No. And then you'd have to do the show tomorrow.
We need 15 votes in 14 minutes. See it's coming out that we need one more than the number of minutes
we got. So in other words, during one minute, two people are going to have to... after all.
That's possible. Talk about pressure, man. Too much pressure for an old fart like me.
WDQA and Hello. Go away, hey, me. WDQA and Hello. Hey, me, I've been away for a while. I just
came back to town. What the hell happened to your show? What does that mean? He's boring articles.
What's with it? Oh, brother. Same old stuff. Say how to Dave, by the way.
He's safe though. Yeah, okay. He's safe though? Yeah, if I say so. What happened when he's
boring articles, having a hard time? Yeah, what happened with the collars that have nothing to say
like you, you jackass, you moron. Boring! Boring! But you're sitting there listening to it. You know
why? You'll never turn it off. If I live to be 150 and I'm on here too long after you croak,
you will never turn it off. That's the interesting part of it. And you want to know why? I have no
life. Thanks for an honest answer. Yeah, this is the new routine. Now we're going to get on there.
We're going to call up and the whole... and they were telling me about it yesterday. And we still
don't want that jackass on the station or does anybody else? What's his name? Dave Schmendrick?
I forgot all my shirt. Sherwood. Sheridan. Sherwood? Don Sherwood. Don Sherwood. Don Sherwood.
I remember Roberta Sherwood, probably the same person, probably a sex change.
Wendee Q.A.M. Hello.
And back answer. That was Don. Wendee Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm... Wendee Q.A.M. Hello.
Who's done more for the refining industry, Richard Rubel, arrangement?
5670560, pound 560. You're a good man. You people are really good. Not on the phone. Thank God.
In fact, a lot of these... That's one of the good things about my spaces that I've met a lot of
people on there. I say, met, you know, like theoretically. Who are like living and breathing people,
nice people? Who might actually have something to say? Of course, normal people don't call
radio talk shows. Normal people, if they were such a thing, don't call radio talk show.
It would be crazy people, especially in the middle of the daytime, like Tentative. Crazy people
with no lines call radio talk shows. But like that. Are you think the Yankees can win the pennilts?
Who's got to be the no-couch in the dolphins, huh? Like that. 1395, baby, plus tax and
becapable tires. I think we got it licked. I think we're looking at it. Don't you?
Well, I'm not licking it. We're in like Flynn, baby. Well, when I get that ice cream, I'm not
going to do it. I'm on the E7 today. I want to have another... I want to have another spectacular day.
It's spread of the fact that my friend Brandon's trying to talk me to go out and buy in 20
quarts ice cream. You're not in my will, sweetheart. Okay?
No, he just says, don't, don't, don't nukin. Don't nukin. I like it that way. Is there anything wrong
with it? No, no, no. I do also. Like Casey said, that... Are you doing? Yeah.
Nukin, you don't have to nukin until it's like a puddle like a muck. It's a softened up a little bit.
Softened up and have to break your damn dentures out. That's right. That's creamy. That's exactly
correct. 1396, four more votes. We get 1400 and then. We get a huge bonus. In fact,
they're going to be jumping around in the hallways. They're going to be maddy be out there and
Greg, we're going to be high five and in low high five and stabbing you in the back and line through
their teeth. What else is new? Monash, Monash done a halala. That's right. Even George knows what that
means. So what's a munch? Oh, well, we're talking that'll get it out. Hey, Jacob, look in the mirror.
I'll tell you, remember I read that thing about looking in the mirror. You'll see an A hole.
Looking there, you'll see a dumb goi. Oh, I'm sorry. Which of these things is most likely to happen
in 2007? The US will attack Iran 580. Neil will look with a Myspace friend 208. Jim Anderson
will work a full week without taking the day off 156. W will be impeached 107, which we would only say
like that. I hate this pull 96. A mere 6.48%. Not bad for the disgruntled masses of South
Florida masses and asses. Hank will lose an answer 293. Wayne will sell it off in 76. George will
get his own show on QM 44. You're still writing a neck. Now neck and neck. And Moll returns to QM 38.
So you got a 6 volt lead. So when 1398, we only need two more habits. So if I refresh it,
we got the 1400. How do you like that? 1400 WFTL 4-loader day.
There were those days. Oh, no, I can't. What's your name? What was that? The
Jeff that was on there? Joyce Kaufman. Joyce Kaufman. That's right. Not Kaufman. Joyce Kaufman.
What kind of that? That's also it's like Jews for going. You know, Kaufman. What what is that?
Michael. Are you staring in again? And did you really play? Are you going to eat Negro on Monday?
Yeah, I did. Well, I had a situation that I needed to deal with. Not a bodily function situation.
Right. Wow. There seemed to be an awful lot of that going on with you today.
Triple the show is completely on. Oh, triple right in the middle of the show. That's right.
Right. Seems to be a little on the Lucy Lucy side with you lately. I know what that's all about.
Not really. So you got a 6-fold lead, but we got 14 and revotes. And now that really,
I bet your Chris can breathe easy to now. 1404. See, big people, the people are coming to our aid
here at the end of the show. Now, whatever happened with that technical thing that Don suggested
there, nothing, I'm sure nothing I'm sure nothing will happen. What does that I'm sure I will get a
response? Oh, but you'll really be very excited to find out. Guess who I came on here and said,
oh, you're becoming a my spare expert. I'm impressed. Can you reply yet? Guess who I sent that to
me just moments ago? I can't reply because I try to say no. No, no, not somebody. No.
Johnny. Oh, gee, whiz. Don't go away. Mad, Johnny. Just go away for a little while. Take a break.
Take a break. Take a breath. Take a broch. And look at that. We got more friend requests. See,
at least the one thing, the incoming is still, I guess, okay. And who's this old cout here? Bruce.
Bruce is 56 in Palm and Obiche. It looks like a real guy. He's married. He's hometowned
as Queens. He straight as an arrow and whatever else. So that's a thousand and a 95.
So just remember, there's an extra reason to tune in tomorrow. I think tomorrow's the day that we go
over 1100, even if I whether I can send or receive or, you know, whatever I can do, not much.
Can see? Maybe I can conceive. Maybe we're going to have somebody's baby, and I never know.
Most of the proves the troop buildup, according to a new poll, the New Times Bloomberg survey shows
a strong majority of Americans, opposes, present and pushes the maniacal decision to send more troops
to their Mac. And about half the country wants Congress to block the deployment, according to a
brand new Times Bloomberg poll. What's with those boring articles, Neil? What's up?
Been away for a while. Yeah. Been away for about 10 years now. You moron.
You can just see them sitting around in the boiler room. They're not selling anything over there.
I'm sure about like a dollar a hundred. They probably got the white mic back, the white microphone.
Yeah, well, they were the crystal radio inside. I told you about that. That's a true story.
I didn't believe it. It's hysterical. The white mic, it was like a white plastic phony microphone
with your call letters on top. It was, it was a boiler room thing, you know, and they sold all the stations.
And then they would put in the advertisers, place a business in it, and had like a little crystal
there, tune your frequency. And I was the only station that it would pick up.
In Montana for remote, we had a pink microphone. Well, it's the shoe fence. Yeah.
Beyond God. Coming up tonight, on inside the behind, the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story, they topped the charts with a upbeat little number about a very
particular sexual fantasy. They didn't even give a crap that it was scientifically impossible.
They were the wither girls.
This song is an abomination against God. Reverend Peter Bent is a fire and grumped old preacher
who believes the weather girl's 1980s hit is an abomination against God.
I just said that. Sorry. For God has sent many plague drain and from the sky.
Blood fire even frogs. But for the sky to deposit men into the waiting hungry sweaty
loins of moistened harlots is nothing but an abomination against God.
Testify a brother. Now I tell you if and I mean if the all powerful did decide to rainman
upon this earth, it would not be a simple festival of lust. No, it would actually be very dangerous.
It would go something like this.
The horror. The horror.
And the weirdest thing brothers and sisters, is that somehow this blasphemous old
promiscuity very quickly became an anthem for the homosexual.
May I quote Corinthian 613 for the prophet did say the gays like this thing go figure.
The weather girls. If loving them is wrong, I don't want to be right.
It's a big juicy, subbing wet look at your business tonight on inside of I know.
Bye bye bye!
