New portion of this program will be reproduced to help express great information at WQAM, BVB broadcast group, Inc.
The biggest names of the place talent.
Wow wow wow wow.
That's all I can say.
Wow wow wow wow.
Or QAM.
Man, what's the difficult to accomplish?
Come here.
To a big ugly concrete building near you.
Stolich Neuer presents George's Ruler Inc.
Constance, it's the Let's Get Drunken Puked Dwarfs.
I'm through the load.
Yeah, with no baddie is.
Wait till you see the clean up costs for this one.
What's the wagon and on the road?
I ain't seen my favorite since I'm not the full-life.
Gotta get a drink, man. I'm gonna get gas.
I'm gonna get high, man. I ain't had enough.
Leave me a triple shot of that stuff.
Gonna get drunk all to listen right here.
I want to learn to learn to shine and wanna be a one-merbant.
I want back, I want to be a one-hour dancer.
Sponsored by Johnny Walker, Johnny Walker Black,
and Johnny's two drunk to stand with low-walk.
Dropside chicken's available now.
George Thurougher.
I'm gonna leave you.
The dead spins are about to begin.
George Thurougher good.
toss it up in your town soon.
Hey, it's 10.0.2.5.60 WDQM.
What a day this has been, huh?
In the quattenday already?
Of course.
I wanna hear a lot more about the association.
All right.
Well, we got someone here that can talk to you about that.
And maybe Zach, we got Fatzac and Fat Chris and Fat Neal.
This has gotta be everybody's getting paid by the pound today.
I wish.
Most of the friends have shown history, I would think.
Well, we can't afford to be paying you guys
because we gotta get everybody's buddies on the year on the payroll.
I noticed that Jack's there was Jones and Furious NBA buddy.
What's that guy's name?
David Aldrich.
Who?
David Aldrich.
Who's that?
He works for TNT.
Does NBA sideline stuff?
Never heard of him.
Oh, we gotta get you on the payroll.
We'll get you on every week.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Yeah.
And let's get Alex Marviz back.
Anything's coming out should school.
I can all these other losers.
I'm not gonna say much.
And just tell me if I start, start it and just tell me,
show it up.
Okay?
I'm serious because I could just go off and go nuts now.
Can you hear all those sirens again?
The cover of that.
Why?
I got the window open because it's subboreling in here again.
Don't ask me why.
It's because I got the heat cranked up into building.
It's not that cold.
But nevertheless, we got the old people in the building.
Artificial heat and I cannot deal with sugar.
Oh, brother, I had a perfect day yesterday until about eight o'clock last night.
And then I got stiffed for dinner last night and I took it out on myself
by going and getting a pint of ice cream and just inhaling it.
It was that douche de leche, a hagan d'as.
Oh, yeah.
Not even good.
Never mind.
What about you, Zach?
You know about your fat.
What's your fat come from?
Ice cream.
Really?
Peats.
Maybe you like douche de leche, that hagan d'as?
Yeah, if it's ice cream, I'll leave it.
No matter what flavor?
No, I mean, there's certain what.
That's a real pig.
That's a real pig.
Who doesn't care what flavor?
No, just chocolate.
I really just eat chocolate.
That's it.
Just chocolate ice cream.
That's it, huh?
That's it.
Just a lot of you.
Great.
Have Zach with us today and tomorrow, I'm assuming.
Oh, I think so.
Yeah, we hope so.
Clarence might take me up to shift them around.
What even Clarence might take you off the show?
I think he's got some stuff for me to go do tomorrow after the show.
Well, you know something.
If Clarence wants to put Robert Grieper on sitting in that chair tomorrow,
guess who isn't going to be here tomorrow?
Who would that be?
Let me give you a hint.
They don't got it.
That wouldn't be very good.
No, they would not be very good.
Well, it could be Robert Grieper and Chris could be doing the show tomorrow.
Yeah, I can't say that.
That would not be very good.
Oh.
So what did Clarence say about that?
Well, what is this?
He's Adam and he want Grieper to want to be in there either.
He doesn't want any part of the show.
It's too be determined.
No, not to be determined, okay?
Well, let me see.
I'll come out here in the morning as usual.
I'm like, all of a sudden get a real bad headache.
You know what that means, right?
What?
ESPN radio?
I don't care.
I mean, if they want to keep dicking around with this show,
the way that Clarence is doing it, he's just out.
I'm convinced he's on the payroll across the street.
Don't you think that's a possibility?
I hope not.
I mean, the swirl that he is putting on the air
and when he's doing it to this place is unbelievable.
Joe Rosley, hope is going to be back tomorrow.
I mean, how many days does it take to get over a jet lag, all right?
He better be back tomorrow.
How many European trips do you think I came back on a Sunday
and then work the next day?
It's not that big of a deal.
According to Zach, they don't know where Joe is.
They haven't heard from him.
He's lost somewhere in some British pub or something
or a Heathrow airport.
We can't find him.
He's MIA right now.
Is he really?
Yeah.
Who'd you just make that up?
I just made that up.
So what does that mean?
He's going to be back tomorrow?
Yeah, sure.
I hope he's going to be back tomorrow.
Joe Rosley is on QA M from 7-10 in the morning, everybody.
We don't want to tell anyone about it
because we might actually get an increased audience.
And those breaks with those spots, oh my god.
Just bapapapapa.
Bapapapa.
Bapapa bapapapa.
Bapapapapa.
I've never heard anything like it before.
This, of course, was the major complaint when the first team was on
that they had unmanageable 85-minute breaks and stuff like that.
And they were screaming and Joe was one of the biggest screamers, by the way.
I don't mean screamers.
Bye-ay-ay.
Not that kind of screamer, but you know what I mean? He was really pissed off about it.
Oh yeah.
So he must have been really hell working for Joel Feinberg to come back to this.
And you can tell us about that.
Zach.
Yeah, it was interesting.
How about that?
What did it want to say, Mike?
That's the keyword.
Chris, now you're gonna like dummy up?
No, no, no.
That's the keyword he doesn't have to because he's not dealing with them anymore.
No, I don't have to.
He doesn't have to walk through the halls and see these people.
No, no more.
Yeah.
Now it's these halls here at the QA of the Contown.
And?
I like it better here.
And his clearance told you don't say anything about them or don't do this.
Or don't say that.
Has he pulled in that crap again?
No, yeah, no, not yet.
No.
So he did it about Mo that time.
You can tell the audience what he did about Mo the way he came in and stood behind you and put his hand over your mouth and told you to dummy up.
That was interesting as well, that whole scenario with you in the entire game.
That's Zach's big, a balsy comment. It was interesting.
It was very acceptable.
It was unacceptable as well as what it was.
It was grotesque.
It was pretty crazy.
Tell you the truth.
Well, we've got the end of the world coming.
Not all you people that are getting crazy and bite off water.
No, it's not Noel either.
It's Noel.
Don't ask me why.
It's not that it's gone to the north.
Track between Trotterall's Derm Noel to the south and a powerful weather system to the north.
South Florida Swede today under high winds and rough surf and warnings that both Zoom will intensify.
Oh my God.
Says the hysterical a herald.
Noel, a scattered power outage is our possible.
Wouldn't it be something if we had a power outage of QAM?
What a bad break that would be.
Oh, we have a generator.
Noel, we can debate this morning after taking an unexpected jog over Cuba,
but forecast you said the storm could re-intensify into a category one tomorrow as it passes over
in your Andros Island in the Bahamas.
And believe who me, I'm sure there's some nice people in the Bahamas,
but those ripoff artists down there, they deserve any bad stuff that comes their way.
The way they rip off the American people, they deserve a big rumour.
Hurry, Kane.
In the Bahamas.
I hope we got listeners down there too bad.
Noel, pronounced Noel, has proven itself to be a disobedient and deadly storm,
refusing to follow the predicted tracks and killing at least 20 people in La Republika de Minicana.
But its center should remain about 120 miles east of mine in Fort Lauderdale,
which would keep most of its squalls over the ocean and well away from the region.
Did you hear what I just said?
Well away from the region.
All you hysterical people that want to run out there and buy up all the bottled water
and go out there and go nuts.
Nevertheless,
South Florida's weather will deteriorate to tomorrow with sustained winds
that approach tropical storm intensity of 39 miles an hour with higher gusts
and rough surf that causes beach erosion, coastal flooding, and dangerous rip currents too.
Oh my god.
The region was under a high wind advisory, a high-circuit advisory, and coastal flood watch,
swiftly moving but intense showers also were likely.
The building winds and rising surf were not directly connected to Noel,
but rather to a phenomenon called a pressure gradient,
with their rushing from high pressure system north of the region to Noel A low pressure system
centered near Cuba.
That of course is a mere technicality since they're older than I don't want to read anymore.
It's very ponderous.
So there's going to be some rain, some wind, and it's not the end of the world yet.
Not this one, maybe the next one, but not this one.
Six weeks after he was tased by police for disrupting a political forum,
the University of Florida student Andrew don't tase me bro Meyer.
That's what it says here, and that's his middle name now.
That's what I just picked him is to deliver a shocker of his own.
He's sorry and he's taken some time off from school.
Just like me, I'm taking some time off from work tomorrow, a day.
Do you put a phone here?
No, not if you're there, I'm saying it.
If it's Robert Creeper, I'm not worried.
That's my protest.
We don't want somebody involved in the show who hates the show,
who does everything in his power to sabotage us.
I'm not doing it.
Do you think you don't like the Lord of the Board?
What? The Lord of the Board?
He can kiss my fat ass.
The grim reaper, the Lord of the Board.
As soon as I heard that, I knew Kenny Walker was doomed.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What did you say?
Dumed.
Dumed with a D.
Oh, okay.
Dumed.
Robert Creeper, the Lord of the Board.
That, that, that, that.
Puker, he's just a pukeer Kenny, it's on.
Maybe the grim reaper, don't get that.
The grim reaper, the Lord of the Board.
Sorry, I forgot that.
I should have been fired a long time ago.
I'm sure that Zach would agree with that.
Sure.
According to...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Wow, right down the time for that.
According to the sun which talked to Myers-Lorrod,
the students from Westerners, written letters to have
President Bernie Macon, the U.F. police, and the U.F. community
and the Gator Nation, the world over.
You know this crap with the Gator Nation and the Patriots Nation
and the Dolphins Nation.
Ah, so this is such crap.
The Gator Nation, my ass.
What?
Go Gators.
Yeah, Gator Nation, my ass.
Meyer who apparently would, they, they suck, by the way.
Well, apparently, we'll draw from school until January
confesses to stepping out of line
while loudly disrupting a September 17 form with U.S. Senator John Kerry
as he resisted police officers.
Oh, yeah, well, we know about that.
I like him.
I think he's great.
And he don't even look good.
But I like the fact he's got some balls.
The tasering of Meyer 21 was captured on videos,
been replayed on new shows, internet sites, all around the world,
and inspired the creation of T-shirts and other taser-related paraphernalia.
And I think he deserves the gold medal.
Ow, don't taste me, mo.
Okay, here's the poll from yesterday, 1124 votes.
That's not too bad, huh?
Even though it's a crappy poll.
And we apologize for it, profusely, but it's a Charlie B poll.
The Dolphins suck festivest of a season makes me unable to care less,
404.
36% couldn't give a crap less.
Pray for O-16.
Wasn't that yours, Chris?
Yes.
Pray for O-16.
The first was the late edition, and it moved in the second place easily,
hands down your pants.
Happy as hell, 147.
Wish Wayne could buy the Patriots team and slap Finn's jerseys on him for 0831.
Wish they would assign Brady Quinn 82.
Want to stick my head in the oven, 69.
Actually interested in hockey in the Panthers, 38.
Boy, did the Leafs think the joint out last night or what?
Wow, 71 to Washington Crapidels.
That was embarrassing. They suck.
One of them unloaded my season tickets on anybody who'll take them 23.
Now Stavzick for Nick Sabin 16, and then Stavzick for Dave Wonstadt,
and the Wonstadt error for 14.
Out of 1124 vote.
Today's poll is just a shot at the fact that I'm an old fart,
and we'll get to it momentarily.
We'll get to it.
We got Zach Kranz with us today, whose back with us even after a moe tried to screw him over.
How long ago was that?
About three and a half years, almost four years.
Three and a half years.
But Zach goes wherever Joe Rose goes, so Joe and across the street,
and Zach went with him, and then Joe came back.
Here, and Zach came back. He's like a puppet and Joe's pocket.
So how can we then know where Joe is?
Because I didn't get a phone call from him.
Since he got back.
None of us fit.
Nobody?
No, I don't think so.
So what do you mean since he got back? How do we know he got back?
Oh, we definitely can't confirm that yet either.
Okay. So maybe Joe Rose will be out of our morning,
and maybe I'll be on it if his long-savvy group is not on the show.
What are you following?
Do you know that Johnny Carson is Cap Calaway's baby to steal Slim?
Where do you find him?
I read it in the toilet.
You're his, but you don't want to know.
Did you know there's a place just six feet under the earth where you go when you die?
Where did it get not us?
I picked it up in the toilet.
Here's what you'll find in the toilet this way.
Princess died in a birth to a 65-pound show horse.
John Handys come back in a spaceship with a super-new diet.
Bird is dating Johnny Hinkley to make Warren jealous.
I'm sleeping with Joan Collins, and I don't even know it.
Where did you read that?
Is the toilet.
The national toilet.
Put a quarter in the slot, and we'll wipe the world for you.
To 18 at 560 W. Kerm for the next couple of hours,
Zach is going to take over in Ripa, Joel Feinberg and ask,
All right.
Don't you fight a little bit strange that that story kind of like,
it's just as a period.
It was there for one day, the story about him,
and he was beaten up as a girlfriend, as he was on the say,
I'm California because he had a band-aid at the track.
It was there for one day, and then disappeared.
Yeah, that was kind of strange.
Now, is he a temperamental guy that flies off the handle all the time?
I just think that sometimes he's not used to people saying no to him.
And I think that probably got him that night.
Well, Rich Kid.
Yeah, pretty much.
So you're just speculating that he said no?
Yeah, I don't know exactly what happened that night,
but I lost a lot of credibility and respect from anything I had for him for that night.
How much credibility and respect did you have for him before that night?
A little bit.
Very little?
Yeah.
I mean, he did help build the station and blah, blah, blah, but that took away a lot from you.
You beat a woman, that's the thing.
He helped build it into what?
Into what it is today.
That's what I'm saying.
That fat ass jolly joe Bell built QA into what it is today.
That's not something I'd be putting on my resume.
I'll tell you that.
That's not something to be out on the street corner with a bullhorn bragging about.
He likes the brag.
Who's that?
Joe.
He's an A-hole, man.
That conversation I had with him on the phone, not the one on the air, but the one here.
Where, you know, text message George and had me call him, and he was in town for some stupid car racers, some crap like that.
And I said to myself, this is the most unimpressive lot.
Yes, yes, yes, nothing's whatever you want to call him.
That I've ever talked to in my life.
He's a jerk.
That's something I don't.
You don't want to say anything about him.
No, I just, you guys are just, you guys are such panty waste, it's just embarrassing to me.
Is he as boring and person as he was on the radio with us?
Yeah, he's, yeah.
When I heard that on the air, I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't, first of all, I couldn't believe he really called the show.
Sure he did.
I couldn't believe that.
Twice, not once, but twice.
That amazes me.
But then you got to see.
All he said was that he listened to my, I'm sure he's listening right now, because he listens religiously to this show.
He's not going to listen to the crap they got on the air over there.
A wonderful call today just because I'm on the show.
That would be interesting.
Well, guess what?
He can call all he wants, but I really want to.
Yeah, we have a lot of them.
The monitor here is in the off position.
Am I taking any phone calls?
No.
If you think I'm taking, do you think I'm taking phone calls?
Well, if the back line rings, should I let you know?
No.
Okay.
Let me ask you something.
Doesn't he have his own radio station that he's supposed to be the owner of?
Why would I dignify his stupid ass by putting him on the air, especially now that we know that he's a woman-beater?
Just what I call on the air.
I'd like to call him a woman-beater on the air.
Right to him.
He's listening right now.
Go ahead.
You're a woman-beater.
You are so kind on my, you're so, avoid the live emotion.
I just want to be with my best.
He versus me like dull today.
I don't know what his story is.
Maybe he's just tired.
It's going to a long day from him already.
No.
And that's right.
He was on there with Jason Jackson this morning on the association.
Well, what is wrong with that, guys?
Is he got some kind of a problem?
No, Jason's a big NBA guy.
So, working with the heat like I said.
I think you just valedity what I said.
God, the association, like it's like every guy in the world,
his life is wrapped up in that crap.
Oh, right.
Oh, my God.
Sports?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, the sports thing I can understand,
that's what he's supposed to be doing with the sports show,
but isn't there something more than a stupid SNBA,
which I could be wrong about that,
but is the season even started yet?
Tonight.
Tonight starts the season.
So, who cares?
You know?
Play a few games and let's see how they do.
You know what I mean?
I hear you.
Some people, most sports people,
right at the moment, are got other fish to fry.
If it keeps my grip.
Like football, and then of course,
there's, you know, the World Series just ended,
and then of course, there's always...
You know, like so much for the first time.
Oh, and they're, thank God, they went into a break.
We didn't have to, we're, we're washing in the score again.
Okay, here's the poll for me yesterday.
We have 706 votes.
Chris ought to be real pleased,
even though we have Zach today,
that we're going to do a thousand votes.
That was just a cheap shot.
I'll say, why should I matter that Zach's here?
It doesn't mean we got any difference at all.
Just, when you relax,
are you guys going to get food in there or what?
I, I don't know. Yeah, we just,
we just, we do what we're in.
I'd be interesting food fight
with the two of these fatsoes in there.
Wow.
The door's locked.
All you need now is the beast.
Please know.
706 votes.
What's the best perk Neil can look forward to
by turning 65?
I wonder if Zach knows the next Monday.
I'll be 65.
Oh, I do know.
Old, old part.
Monthly Social Security checks, 143.
Like a maximum of about 18, 1900, 100 bucks a month.
What can you do with 1800 bucks a month?
Give it to me.
Give it to me.
No.
If he's ever on a sinking ship,
the children and women and old people
get the first lifeboats, 129.
Yeah.
I'm on a sinking ship.
Believe me.
Hack price off the Early Bird Special, 107.
That's what I voted.
I want the Early Bird.
Hello, Doctor.
I'm an old fart.
I want the Early Bird.
Where's my discount, Doctor?
What's up with that?
If he's ever assaulted, there's an added criminal charge
for beating up an old person, 89.
A bigger, federal tax deduction, 70.
The senior citizen discount, 64.
Oh, that's what I voted.
I want my senior discount, 64.
Medicare, 59.
Free bus and metro rail rides, 29.
And AARP membership, only 16.
The AARP.
Association of Old Farts.
710 votes on there, by the way.
Already.
We're going to make our thousand million
spite of the fact that we got to sack.
No work plan.
We're delighted to have Zach with us today.
It would just be nice if you'd open up a little bit and say
something, as opposed to being so.
You hate your old fine bird-like poison.
Why don't you admit it?
You know what?
I don't hate him like poison.
He got me a job over there.
I was very happy working there for a couple years,
but I just think that the whole thing with the wife
and beating the fiancee, I just...
So in other words, if that story wouldn't have happened,
you'd be here sticking up for him.
No, no, I wouldn't be sticking up for him.
I wasn't very happy when I left there.
Well, why not?
Because I was being...
I smelled like Joe Rose, so they didn't want me in the building.
That's what happened.
That's the end of my reign at 790.
It ended because I really just...
Every time they looked at me, they saw Joe Rose.
Oh, it's kind of like me and George.
When they look at George, they see me.
And they probably hate George for that.
That's right, because they like poison.
So what did they hate Joe for over there?
Because he came back here?
Because the rumors of him coming back
were doing this and that, and then my answers to them every day
were I have no idea.
I have no idea.
And I really didn't.
And they thought I was lying to them every day.
I actually got called a liar by a few of them.
Really?
Yeah, by who?
A couple of the management type people there.
So, Jan, it's probably Stu Gell-
You got...
Yeah.
End.
And probably Joe and the rest of them up there.
Not to my face, but I can't even hurt them around the building.
Backstabers, boy, there's nothing worse than a backstabber.
Thank God we don't have any backstabbers at QAM.
Hahaha.
See, I don't play that game.
I come right to your face.
I come right here on the ear, and I say it for the public record.
It's right on tape wherever you want it.
Here it is.
I mean, I don't want to say that Joe this morning
was just enough to make me want to scream and kill myself.
But it was.
It was just absolutely commit suicide right on the ear.
What did you get there, you like sports?
What's that guy's name that he had on?
Again, that NBA game?
David Oldridge.
Oh my god, how's Henry Aldrich doing?
Who?
Henry Aldrich!
That's before your time.
Over at that.
I forgot when it was really radio.
Trying to think of the pudding
that used to sponsor was a jello pudding used to sponsor Henry Aldrich on the radio.
About 600 years ago.
That's back when it was something worth the owning a radio for.
There's no more.
26 after 10 at 560 WQN.
26.7 the 5EVGR.
Olman vision.
It's what every family fears.
Protect your loved ones with the most effective home security system available.
Oh my god!
What was that?
Tango down.
Revee, tango is down.
That wasn't tango? That was my mother.
She didn't have the password, man.
Thanks, Blackwater.
How wrong?
What?
Blackwater home security.
Put their exclusive shoot first.
Ask questions later, technique.
We'll guarantee your family safety.
What was that?
Mr. Johnson, I got a good news, bad news scenario.
Good news.
The intruder has been neutralized.
What's the bad news?
We were unable to save the box of thinnets.
Revee, thinnets are collateral.
Blackwater home security.
Always ready.
Never accountable.
Stakey apartment investigators promised Blackwater guards immunity from prosecution
for last month's deadly shooting of 17 erectus evidence bag, then.
According to officials familiar with the matter.
That could potentially complicate any attempt to bring criminal charges in the case official
said the Justice Department FBI refused comment on the investigation which the state
department announced in early October.
Blackwater also declined a comment.
They're mum.
By the way, Zach Brandon already sent me an email wondering if you have mung in your throat
or if that says you're regular voice.
I said that's your regular voice.
No, that's just me.
He has mungthroat.
You've heard a deep throat.
We've got mungthroat.
There were told their statements can't be used against them said one US government official.
But this doesn't necessarily mean charges can ever be brought against these guys.
These butchers, these murderers, these lunatics.
A second official call they limited immunity surprising and confusing.
And quite in the authority of the state department's diplomatic security investigators to unilaterally make community decisions.
I can understand there would be a lot of very unhappy people said the third official and experienced investigators said decision
they're not usually made without consultation with federal prosecutors.
All the officials refused to be identified because they weren't authorized to speak on this sensitive issue.
NFVIT has been in Baghdad investigating the September 16 killings by security contractors hired by the state department to protect American diplomats in Baghdad.
Security contractors have immunity from Iraqi laundry at a provision put into place in the early days of the U.S. land occupation in Iraq.
North Carolina based contractor Blackwater USA says its guards came under fire while protecting a state department convoy
and acted properly in self defense.
Iraqi authorities have called the killings murder.
The state department had no official comment but one senior state department official said its unclear what transpired.
But whatever it was, it wasn't something that was sanctioned by the senior management of the state department.
We had nothing to do with that. That's what they're saying.
So why did they hate your words before the rumors started about him coming over here?
What was the problem with him in Joel Feinberg and the two gods?
I think they wanted an answer.
If he was going to come back or not to resign and I don't think he was ready to give them one.
So they took every measure they could to try to force him to sign or at least get an answer from him.
And you know, Joel, it takes him a couple of weeks just to probably go to the bathroom and forget to get an answer.
That's probably what he's doing right now.
He probably has that bad bridge stomach, you know, from all that crap he ate over there.
Fish and chips?
Yeah.
Probably sitting on the pot right now.
So that was the only thing the fact that he couldn't get an answer out of his ass?
I just think that they probably had a hard time dealing with him and they took out all their aggression when they couldn't take it out on him on yelling at me sometimes.
I heard something about they owe him some money too.
The boy is here. Maybe that's why he's not here today.
Maybe he's out there on the street corner with a tin cup.
Everybody in Panjo Rose, what's that all about? We're not paying him.
I don't know.
And they went from across the street to who told you that Chris?
I mean, I just heard it like, you know, run about way through the grapevine.
Yeah, exactly.
From?
I couldn't tell you that he might get mad at me and throw something right now.
Not Robert Giefer.
Who?
Old Giefer know about that.
Giefer knows everything.
Who'd you hear that from?
It's been your numerous day on QIM.
I've been thinking all the day.
They might throw something at me right now.
Oh, Zach told you that?
I would never say that.
Oh.
Yeah, maybe.
And what do you tell you again?
That, uh, they owe him money.
Yeah.
Well, tell us about it, Zach.
Don't let's say go behind closed doors and then do this stuff.
Let's do it right on the air.
What?
Is that for sure are you just assuming that?
I'm assuming that that's why he's got such a, uh, bad taste in his mouth when it comes to the guys over there.
Because there probably still is some monetarity.
You're just making that up.
You don't know that.
No, not for, I don't know for 100% fact now.
You're just making it up.
Well, feel free to make up anything you want as long as it's negative about them and about you little fine-breed.
All right, perfect.
I'm definitely on the side of our, uh, yeah, because you know that he's, uh, listening right now.
Hey, Joel, we hate you like poison, okay?
The whole world hates you.
You're an idiot.
No matter how much money daddy's got, and no matter how many sports cars and race cars and all this other crap you got,
you're still a jackass man.
You're a loser.
You're a loser.
Better be careful.
I might have the best.
I'll keep talking to that crap about, uh, after they had lost all the money on the dolphins and all of it.
And they had no numbers at that point.
They didn't give those bogus couple of months.
And he was, uh, bragging about the fact that, hey, not too many people can lose this much money and just,
just to show up here at a time, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, like that, you know.
You're an idiot, Joel.
And Zach hates you like poison that wishes you would die a wicked death.
Wishes that you would crash that race car yours into a wall and not hurt anybody else just die a fiery, flaming wicked death.
Firing!
Joel, am I right?
Oh, yeah.
Now, you guys ought to get in the, uh, one of your cars and head for Tampa.
You want to know why?
What?
Gratis hamburgers and tacos add up to some free fast food lunches this week thanks to promotions of two chains.
Not here though, in Tampa.
Steal a race?
Steal a race.
Steal a taco is the Taco Bell promotion between two and five p.m. today.
Tacos are being handed out without charge at the restaurant because of a 90-foot dash by Red Sox Center Fielder,
Jacobi Ellsbury, who by the way is very ugly.
I think that's actually the whole US, not just Tampa.
During game two of the World Series last week, isn't the entire USA?
I believe so, yeah.
A Vance at Taco Bell.
Correct.
Boston went on to sweep the Rockies, but a bit of a boot put about, but fans and hungry people can relive the glory by
munching a crunchy taco with no charge.
I don't know if this is for today or not.
I don't know because this was sent to me by Sean Felix, the cat guy on MySpace.
I think I heard something about that being today.
The promotional offer of a basis stolen during any of the games, a free season beef taco worth 77 set,
or they're about to be given to each and every customer in the US who asks for it.
Unlike you say in the USA, so go to Taco Bell and get you a free taco between two and five p.m.
So how much that can?
All substitutes or cash redemption or alternatives allowed according to rules of the promotion.
Now over at the downtown Wendy's in Tampa, this is the Tampa Park.
Near a likes gas light square on Franklin Street, about 1,000 free hamburgers will be handed out as part of a 24 city tour to
find the next best burger.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Concoctions will be given away, they include all sorts of toppings including guacamole, teriyaki, pineapple, and papi runi.
Oh, I do like my papi runi.
The most likely I'll have a shot at getting on a menu one day.
The giveaway begins at 10 o'clock. What's already on right now at Wendy's?
450 Franklin Street in Tampa.
I think I might get a part of a free hamburger.
No, I don't know.
I might do it.
Because you'd spend $50 worth of gas.
Three, four gallons.
$50.
Thank you again Mr. President for those little gas prices.
Let me take a look right now if my stomach can handle it.
Oh my God, it's that Canadian dollars over a buck five.
I'm going to like puke right here on the air.
That loony, I'm going to go loony myself.
There's that goofball on Vienn with a silly mustache.
Well, he sure bounces around this guy.
He's on all these goes on CNBC.
I'm going to steal the mallion.
He's going to be there.
Silly asked Connuck with a crazy handlebar mustache.
Somebody tell him those things went out of style with white bucks and two piece men's bathing suits.
What do you think?
Okay, it's coming any second now.
We're going to see in the upper right hand side here.
Oh, one for four points.
It's 78.
So went down.
It went down 1800s of a cent.
And I missed what the euro was because you opened up a mouth.
So next time it comes up, it'll come around again here.
Almost a dollar and five.
The loony against the American dollar.
It's enough to make you scream.
It's killing me.
I'll tell you that.
Not that anybody cares.
So we don't sympathize for you all the money you're making fat.
So you faddle, faggot.
Well, I'm telling you, I got a lot of expenses these days.
Now let's see, here's the Toronto.
Look at that.
Down 100 points, the T.S.X.
Sure, a lot of people are wearing the Dow is down 41.
Oil 9206.
What a bargain.
Down in buck 46 after going over 93 bucks a barrel yesterday.
Thank you, Mr. President.
For you and your schmottahead friends, they're banned our bush and all the Saudi butchers.
For those low-gast prices.
Thanks for raping the world, okay?
You butcher, you murderer, you lunatic.
You grave robber.
It'll come up here again eventually.
They're just doing this to piss me off.
There it is, the year old 144 and a turd.
Almost 145 against the American dollar.
And a Canadian, the Illunia's 104.79.
Oh, brother.
What a sad, sad, sad day.
For the universe that George W. Bush and you realize we still have another year to go
with this crap, another year in like three months.
All right.
And Bush too, I'm talking about the show.
Oh, okay.
Well, we got 14 months to go.
What are you going to do then, Chris?
Who's sure you're going to be boredopping then?
Then you'll probably be better.
You better say all the right things.
You're going to get in Clarence's doghouse.
Because one thing we know for sure that 14 months from now, Clarence Dero will still be the program director.
And Jolly Jobelle will still be the general man.
No matter how low those numbers go, no matter how much Bush and W. Bush are doing they do because they've got the pictures.
Can't be any other reason.
The best talent for his new projects is 4.560 QAM, the fourth leader.
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Thank you.
When they come, yeah, they trick on trees.
Give them something like five.
Everything is fine.
Then they won't kill your car.
They won't keep your yard.
Cause it is family.
Trick for treating for jelly fees.
Halloween can't dress up just like Frankenstein or yeah.
They will come to your house until your candy runs out.
Oh no, they don't try to love me.
Cause it is Halloween.
Halloween, it's not Halloween, it could be Frankenstein.
Who was in Frankenstein?
Was it Marty Feldman and G Wildman?
Marty Feldman.
No.
I really don't know.
You don't know Marty Feldman?
Not a panda.
What?
She's worried so I will hear now.
Looks like the Frankenstein.
Oh boy, it's just amazing to me that you guys don't know.
That's the only good thing about being old.
I can't think of anything else.
Gene Wilder, Peter Boyle, Marty Feldman, Madeline Con, Clores Leachman, Terry Garner.
Yeah, because you're looking to stop that.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Marty Feldman, of course, was prominent in Sora's eyeballs.
It was Igor, yeah.
Marty Feldman was great, isn't he?
He did.
I would think so.
Gene Wilder is not dead.
He's still alive.
Yeah, dead of death 1982.
82?
Seat.
Well, what was that movie?
One was the young Frankenstein.
1766?
Yeah, so that put him over the end.
Just like Howard Beale, where was he?
What was it?
Who played Howard Beale?
Peter Finch.
Okay.
He made the movie and he was on his way to get some award or something.
And he was walking from the hotel to wherever he was.
And he croaked right there and I heard it.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
I was like, I'm not sure if he was going to be able to do that.
And minutes.
Oh, yeah.
I wonder how Sarah is doing.
Hey, Sarah, when are you going to be on television?
I was going to be on television.
I was going to be on television.
I was going to be on television.
He was such a jerk.
Hey, Alex, you're a jerk, Alex.
Although he's probably on serious school.
Being heard by millions of people.
While my age at a 70's stupid fact is about, do I have any pictures to sign?
Can I send one to Linda?
Oh, Norma, you're such a year.
You're so sad.
Sad, Norma.
You're very good.
Speaking of the sad, the man who oversaw public affairs at FEMA
when it held that fake news conference last week will no longer be taking over
as head of public relations for the Director of National Intelligence.
Pat Filben, I wonder if he's keen to read this, you think?
No.
FEMA's external affairs director with Skiddle will become director of public affairs
for National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell.
Yesterday, it wasn't immediately clear whether he offered his resignation
or was fired to the, just as he was said to begin the job.
Maybe he will fired him.
Wouldn't be the first to...
Fire, Zach, you.
Fire everybody.
Beast first, though.
Was the Beast first?
Yeah, Beast got fired first and then I was second.
What about Carolyn?
She, I think, should maybe in between, I don't know, the short.
In between what?
That is, that sounds.
I have a good line for that, but I'm not going to use it.
As of Sunday, officials only said they were aware of concerns.
But Monday, the Director of National Intelligence Office, I'm sure you know what the line was.
Oh, I do, I do.
The Director of National Intelligence Office issued this statement, we don't normally comment on personnel matters.
However, we can confirm that Mr. Filben is not, or is he scheduled to be,
the Director of Public Affairs for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence?
You're out, Pat.
FEMA Director David Paulison said Filben sent an email, which he took full responsibility for last week's staging of the news conference.
How come this story isn't like, how come they're not screaming about this bloody murder?
And they're not, because they know what's good for them, they keep their mouth shut.
By the way, my blood sugar is skyrocketing.
I'm going to take it here in a second and it's over, way over 300.
Because of that, I scream my head last night.
How can you get it down without it, like, naturally going down?
Well, no, I can't get it down to like afternoon because then, unfortunately for me, my oral medication, it works fine, but not in the morning.
Don't ask me why, I'm not a doctor, I can't explain that why.
It doesn't have any effect on my sugar in the morning.
But what's new hit?
It's like around noon, one o'clock, I can take it and then it'll come down to like more rational, reasonable levels.
Not real good, it's going to take a while.
Interesting.
No, it's not interesting, it's scary, it's frightening.
I'm going to die from Bob Lasseter's disease right here on the radio if I don't cut the crap.
I had a perfect day until I had that stress kick in there last night and somebody got me really pissed off and furred up.
Which happens almost every day these days?
Oh geez, 18.1, you know what that is?
No.
Let me tell you in a second.
Uh, 326.
Now, Zach, do you have diabetes?
I don't.
Oh, you will.
Both of you will, both of you will until you cut the crap.
I'm telling you, 326, you know what, it should be like 126.
I mean, 100, you have like two decisions basically, right?
What do you mean by that?
You either cut off a toe or cut off a paco?
Yeah, or go blind.
Or have my kidneys give out?
I'd need you to do better if you cut off a paco.
Yeah, toes good.
FEMA, part of the Department of Homeland Security, called a news conference and walked in today on the agency and is handling in the California wildfires.
The agency said no media representative showed up because the conference was announced at the last minute.
Instead, we poured his code in on a phone line but couldn't ask any questions.
The agency released a video of the conference with FEMA employees posing as reporters asking less than hard-hitting questions.
Well, what an understanding that is tossing Larry King like cream puffs at the FEMA people.
Deputy director Harvey Johnson was fielding questions, gave no indication at the time that staff members were asking the questions.
He later apologized calling the fake briefing an error in judgment.
Wow, I'm calling to apologize and say, well, not happen again.
He said in the phone call to CNN.
He said rules are changing to prevent any recurrence.
Reporters were given at least an hour's warning before press conference.
And those calling it will be able to ask questions in the future.
He said, posthin is a continuing to investigate.
He said he understands that FEMA officials didn't plan to ask questions.
And it's only when reporters fail to appear.
Disciplinary actors being taken against some FEMA employees.
These are the people who are supported like either to protect us in case of like another terror attack or something like
national emergency like Katrina or like the wildfires in California.
All of these things.
And they're holding fake press conferences and the public is like, but it will be like,
like nothing.
Like what's up with Brittany today?
Let me say it very often for the 10 million times.
The media is sick and they can't be happy.
You're butchers. You lunatics in the media.
And there are many of you listening to me right now.
You're a bunch of grave robbing lunatics.
You are responsible for what's going on in Iraq.
You are responsible for what happened with FEMA.
You are a bunch of losers because you don't have any balls, man.
And if you didn't have any balls, you don't get fired anyway like Dan Rather.
Let's talk about something more important.
You getting brings new album today?
What?
Are you getting Brittany's new album today?
779 votes.
I'll pretend I didn't hear that on the pool.
We're going to make our thousand.
I bet you're pleased about that, especially with Zacti.
Don't you want to impress Zacti?
Of course.
What a big shot you are with your daily pool.
Exactly.
What's the best perp nail can look forward to turning 65 next Monday?
By the way, the phone cards and well wishes are pouring in.
Not.
I think every year I get like about two or three cards, including one guy.
I hope maybe he's dead by now.
He always gives me a bunch of religious stuff.
Oh, in Jesus' name, I wish you all this other crap.
I'm not into Jesus.
I'm not into Abraham or Solomon or any of these people.
I'm not into that crap.
If you could just send me a nice generic card, that would have been nice,
but you won't do it anyway.
You don't fit, right?
What?
You're birthday on the fifth?
Yeah.
Next Monday.
Are we having a party for you or what?
Oh, yeah.
I look like we'll have a party here.
And we'll toast you.
Yeah, toast this.
No, thank you.
Bring in toast.
No, that's okay.
We'll have a sugar-free cake for you.
What happened to him, by the way?
What happened in toast that he over new the coast?
Ticed on the coast?
Yeah, no, actually he went to, I think, with Ron along.
Oh, yeah.
He went with Paul and Ron.
Yep, he's back with them, yeah.
Boy, he deserves it.
What's the best...
He was going to come up with some of that crap like the gay or not gay
and the square table on another crap that helped Kenny and Volga
walk real fast, not fast enough.
He also deleted a bunch of stuff out of the audio vault that we would use for drops.
So...
He did what?
He went through the audio vault and just like got rid of drops that, you know, the other shows, you know, have used forever.
Why is that?
Because he got he couldn't...
Because he's in church?
Because he's in A-hole?
Well, the good news is now he's toast.
Did.
Monthly Social Security checks 159.
If he's ever on a sinking ship, children and women and old people get the first lightboats, 141.
I'm on a sinking ship.
Hat price in the off the early bird special, 117.
If he's ever assaulted, there's an added criminal charge for beating an old person, 104.
Don't you like the way Charlie Vee throws all these long, long-winded selections in here?
He likes to make a call.
Figure out federal tax deduction, 81.
Senior citizen discount, 73.
Medicare, 63.
Free bus and metro rail rides, 30.
And AARP membership, only 17.
Out of 785.
We'll be close to 800 by the time of the hour, in four minutes.
How old do you have to be to get AARP?
By the way.
You're asking me?
How?
I think I saw it in my parents' mail, that's why.
How old are they?
That's 60.
Oh, they got away to go, I think.
This is the Neil Roger show.
You fairies.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
This station presents real American heroes.
Do they whistle o' you, Mr. Dresses Up at Work for Halloween?
Dressing up for Halloween was fun when we were kids.
However, it seems a bit inappropriate for the vice president of human resources to be wearing a purple pink costume.
Do you think Mr. Dresses Up at Work for Halloween that the entire accounting department should wear Spice Girl outfits?
That is the all-male accounting department?
A new meaning of scary spice.
A lone officer shouldn't look like a pirate.
A bat? You have a bat credit? A pirate.
So when you see Frankenstein at the facts machine, the wear wolf at the water cooler or the Phantom of the photocopier,
don't be afraid. It's just the ghoul of the cubicle. Mr. Dresses Up at Work for Halloween. A real American hero.
Mr. Dresses Up at Work for Halloween!
Did you put a cover sheet on your TPS report, Batman?
794 on a pool. Like I said, we're approaching 800s, not even just barely 11 o'clock.
Boy, nice going there, Chris, with a real and nifty pool.
He is happy. If I was you, I'd be given Charlie B. all the credit.
We got Josh Kord is going to be back on Thursday because we got free food coming in. And then he won't be quite so busy.
That was amazing.
Have some people get less busy when there's a lot of free food around?
No, I was someone called, not the regular lines, a listener called like the office line to correct you about how the dude died.
About who died?
Mr. from a network.
Peter Finch.
Peter Finch, how did he die?
He said he died while going to the tonight show or something.
No, he was going to an awards ceremony, I believe. I'll Google it here. In fact, I'm going to do it right now because I'm so pissed off.
Peter Finch.
You'll see. Now it could be wrong. He was going to the tonight show. Maybe he was.
Up in the first thing, but not like it really matters.
Let me ask you this. What differences does it make?
Exactly.
You just ruined that whole guy's day, you know?
Well, scroll him. Okay, he ruined my day.
I'm like, I really give a crimp. Let's go to the next thing.
I'm a heart attack on January 14th, 1977 at the age of 60.
At the time, he was doing a promotional tour for the 1976 film Network in which he made an over-the-top portrayal of the crazed television anchor Howard Beal.
He was posthumously nominated for best actor, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
I'm as mad as hell. I'm as ugly as I think as anybody else.
Oh!
Oh, let's see. I'm going to be a bit of a bit of a bop, although let's see.
Oh, yeah. The Jewish homosexual doctor in Sunday bloody Sunday. That was a great movie, too.
I don't...
He was once arrested for a drunkenness in Rome and asked for his name. He gave a fictitious name in order to protect his professional reputation.
At least he had enough smarts to give a phony name as opposed to Larry Craig. He put...
Slip in his...
Senate card under the...
...stall, under the T-Room stall.
That was a smart move.
But at any rate, his first wife was tomorrow, she and her rova, or something like that.
And it doesn't say anything in here about how he died.
I'll... I'll... during the break. I don't want to do it on the air.
Don't you think it's an extremely important we find out how Peter Finch died?
Not! It's why they lost Alita.
I bet you've heard him.
You're making born Alita.
Wow!
How do you like that?
He suffered from fear of flying.
He did what?
Suffered from a fear of flying.
Fear of what?
Flying!
Oh, fear of flying!
What are you talking about?
Well, you're a lumber man.
Either that or I'm going deaf.
Only on one day before his death.
Not even popping any pills yet, all I should be.
Only one day before his death of a heart attack.
He appeared on the tonight show with Johnny Carson.
Right.
The US network television envy.
So he wasn't going to the J-Lenon,
because J-Lenon wasn't even on them.
And he was on Johnny Carson and I'd be flying.
But he died of a heart attack on the way to some...
...to receive some award, I do believe.
And then what differences did he make?
There's nothing worse than a nitpigger.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
Yeah.
Like a...
Not only that, but he wasn't just trying to get into the call.
He called our office number here.
Yeah.
I'll screw him.
Call the office number to correct Neil.
Neil made a mistake.
I knew I did not make a mistake.
I want to see the proof.
I want to see the freaking body, okay?
I want to see the pictures of when he collapsed and clutched his heart and went like,
Oh, you like that?
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
I love Peter Finch.
Best out here is neurologist, 48.560 QAM, B, fourth leader, and kiss my rear end.
Beckham, hell, it down there killed him.
We downed south, where the mugs go to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some food on a station on Newfangold, radio.
Now as Norge, Caroline goes, rallies a big city in O.
And that's where the beeswis had to go for Jolly, Riley Jones.
A new GM, he'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend, then quickly walk away.
Yes, they had Joes.
Go to 5'6'0 with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those.
Blaming sportful mugs in order and control.
And then so, Golly, Riley, Joe above you, and in the low he lets mugs.
Go, and here's what blows his gildy his own show.
He'll make a big change, and read a range.
It's worse or the same, he hasn't done a thing.
For what goes on the air at two, Joe don't have a stinkin' clue.
But a four, not that essentially blows sportful radio.
GM of 5'6'0, Jolly, Riley, Joe.
He was batting 1,000 by the way, not everybody is perfect.
But Jolly, Joe, man, everything he touches turns to f***ing right.
Anyway, so specifically Peter Finch, if we can wrap this up, because the guy that made the effort to call is a jerk.
He died a couple of months before being awarded the Oscar for Network and Reigns.
The only actor to have won the award posthumously after he croaked and Finch died of a stroke during a promotional tour for the film network.
For the Motion Picture Academy awarded them a posthumous best actor Oscar for his riveting performance.
He died of a stroke during a promotional tour for the film.
Not while taping the J-Lenno show, who wasn't doing the Johnny Carson show then, he was on Johnny Carson night before he croaked.
I think he just said it tonight, Joe.
Tonight's show, my ass.
I thought you said J-Lino.
No, tonight's show.
Well, if he croaked out of way to taping, and how the hell was he on the show unless they just showed the body?
Hey, here's what Peter Finch's stiff.
That would've been interesting.
822 votes on the board. You got 1,000 left today easy.
Okay, we don't have to work up into a sweat.
Okay.
Thank God for that.
I'm glad that we Googled Peter Finch and all that because he was a great actor and too bad he croaked.
Donald Rumsfeld, a bad actor.
The former US Secretary of Defense is facing criminal charges in France for ordering the torture of prisoners in Iraq.
And if the military prisoner, a prisoner, went on to Honourable Bay.
Last week, some of the world's leading human rights law groups filed a complaint before a French court charging Rumsfeld with authorizing an ordering torture.
The complaint was registered at the office of the prosecutor of the Court of First Instance in Paris when Rumsfeld was in the city for talks sponsored by Foreign Policy Magazine.
We will not rest until those US officials involved in torture are brought to justice, said Michael Ratner, president of the Center for Constitutional Rights, a non-profit human rights law firm in the USA.
In filing the complaint against Rumsfeld, Ratner's group repeal received full support from the European Center for Constitutional Human Rights, a French League for Human Rights and the International Federation for Human Rights.
Rumsfeld must understand that he has no place to hide Ratner Ratner's statement after filing the complaint, a torturer is an enemy of all humankind, he be saying.
The charges against Rumsfeld were brought under the 1984 Convention against torture ratified both by the US and France, which has been used in France in previous torture cases.
The criminal complaint states that because of the failure of authorities in the US and Iraq to launch any independent investigation, it's the legal obligation to state such as France to take up the case.
Ratner and his colleagues in France's legal community content that Rumsfeld and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because there is sufficient evidence to prove that they had authorized the torture of prisoners, held on suspicion of involvement in torture.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
Ratner and his colleagues in the US and other top US officials are subject to criminal trial because they have no place to hide.
I can't stop the sugar man, I'm like Zach, I cannot stop the sugar.
I love chocolate ice cream.
Oh, Rocky Road baby.
Rocky Road.
Rocky Road.
Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
That's life, it's a Rocky Road.
Wow, in this age of Gina and Hangman's news is all over the country for the vice president to relax under the flag of the Hangman's news is an unpardonable insult to all Americans especially blasts.
That is of course unless he puts the news around his neck.
Then we might, you know, look the other way.
A Chinese spokesman said the vice president never saw the flag a flag.
And for most in this small town of 4500 the visit was barely noteworthy.
There really wasn't all that much hoopla.
I said town supervisor, let's set hitsman.
That's his name, HITSNANHITSMAN.
That's a great name.
Wow, when the vice president comes to town, there's nothing like having a hitsman there.
They only have to block off three town roads, not that Chinese wasn't noticed.
When all of a sudden you have a bunch of white SUVs, then some black SUVs, then a whole lot of men with dark glasses.
We knew it was Dick Cheney, Hitsman said.
Oh, let's set, it's a she.
She noted the town's all-vomit fear fire and rescued company was at the ready.
Cheney spent about six hours hunting and enjoying near perfect temperatures in the 50s.
He was gone by 3.45 in the PM.
Maybe he had to take a quick BM in the PM.
Did you see a hitman?
Who, what?
It was HITSNANHITSMAN, is that what you said?
LESET, yeah.
LESET HITSMAN, woman.
Dear hunter, Bill Tryon, 48.
Oh, I love these names.
Tryon, who works on Cloverode, where Cheney's motorcade is fed by in the morning, said he had no problem with the V.
He was taking in the local gang.
As long as he doesn't shoot anyone in the ass, tryon said.
Right, Bill.
That's not invelishing that.
That's actually what it says here in the New York Post story.
As long as he doesn't shoot anyone in the ass.
Cheney became a punchline while we know that.
Cheney called that Miss Hep out of the worst days of his life when he shot his buddy,
but winning tangratiously for Gavis Pal, he could hold Harry and Chatted the media for being so hard on the V.
Could you help me so hard on Dick Cheney?
Could you forgive him if he shot you?
No.
I would be the back.
He's a crap.
Could you forgive a friend if they shot you?
I mean, because we know you hate Cheney, but...
Could you forgive a friend if they accidentally shot you?
Yeah.
Right now, yes.
Well, I'll think about it.
That's a good poll question for you to take when you have your show, Chris.
Okay.
Tomorrow, for example, when Robert Reaper shows up?
And I will change that to the desk we have to.
I'll be on schedule.
Are you sure about that?
Oh, yeah.
Have you got this cleared now with Clarence?
Don't be making any decisions unilaterally now because Clarence will come in there and give you what for again.
Like that time you were trying to spill the beans about how Moe really can.
You're asked, now we had to pretend that Oh no, Zach quit from the show.
Oh, yeah.
Because Moe was threatening to sue the mayor.
Every time somebody farted, Moe threatened to sue them.
Man, I'll say one thing. He had a better agent than some people I know.
Cool.
With that every time they look at him cross-eyed.
We're gonna sue you, and we're gonna do this.
That's what I'm gonna do.
You're gonna get paid by the door?
Let's get paid by the door.
And they bought it, man.
They bought it into it.
It'd be rich if we got paid by the door.
Yeah.
Easy way to threaten a boy is to threaten to get paid by the door.
Pony, I don't know what that means, but it's...
Samagura.
Tomoyamaki.
New kids on the block have been sweeping the country.
Look, look, look, look, look, look!
And now, come callin' Dale's answer to New kids on the block.
It's Gerranto music with a message.
Fights in the condo.
I tell you my wife says just not.
I know.
35 bad and she don't true.
The crepe recording artist told Fights in the condo
with their new SMASH album, Fens and Elements.
Flights at the end.
Flights out of God for you.
We have all.
Colors the oven.
We have all.
I'm gonna summon them.
Denny Rose.
We're driving to the restaurant the other days.
We found one of the coasters booked of our lives.
So we parked across the street.
We walked across the road.
And a truck hit my wife and it squashed her like a crow.
Oh, Fights in the condo.
Cast the tour by the album before they expire.
And full give ones by full give twice.
No MSC on my fry.
Hey, raise the price on polygrap so I'm sorry.
I can't leave a tip.
First there were new kids on the block.
Now old Fights in the condo.
Oh, I know.
I tell you my wife says just not.
And now old Fights in the condo.
By the album, Fins and Elements.
And get your tickets for the Fights Live.
And any Rickety Basterd ticket outlets.
Another cup and door presentation.
From Palm Springs to Palm Beach.
She's filled every basement work center in the country.
And now get ready, Helen Bell.
And Coach Lips Welch has got a major colostomy bag.
I love you.
You fool.
This Sunday, one afternoon only,
on her singing blue hair over a memory-gator.
His belt.
His belt.
This rag really takes us.
I ever fall in love.
Something afternoon in the basement work room of the facilities.
He's completely in hell now.
Live most.
What special guest?
The single-on king.
Wake you up.
And make all your sweetest time in love.
With your own.
And the popular prince said black-haired.
Not you.
What makes me so important?
And you're kind like a...
The whole night too.
And best to get some sale now.
And all curly birds want to die in cafeteria locations.
On night of music, to remember.
What you probably want.
Good night.
The famous belt.
As costal art was perfectly possible.
A common door comes to concentration.
Let me 33-year-old jokes, baby.
All that making fun of old people years ago.
Oh, boy.
That was a bad thing for me to do.
And look now I'm paying for the price.
You want to know how I'm old.
That's my best advice to everybody listening.
Food in Christen's Act.
Don't ever get old.
Okay.
I'll try not to.
I'm just telling you, you're laughing.
No, do it.
What can I do not do?
Although I will say this, my hair, if I let it grow,
which I don't.
In fact, two nights ago, I shaved and my head again, you know.
Whistle to him for a second.
I'm going to go get that razor right now.
Okay.
Let's see.
What do you got for us, Chris?
I had something ready yesterday and, you know.
Let's see what you got now.
Should be interesting.
Should I just start whistling?
Yeah, listen.
Oh, I save you.
You don't have to whistle.
Oh, okay.
It's sharper image, which I understand they're going belly up.
I think sharper image is going bankrupt.
I think I read that the other day.
Well, that's not good.
No, it's not good.
Sharper image had the neatest story.
Oh, sorry.
All the good shopping malls, they had a sharper image story.
They always had the neatest stuff over a price decourse,
but that's what made it neat.
Yeah, but it was free to go in there and play with it.
That's not Sally Fitz.
No, that's my sharper image razor, which I've been using for,
I don't know, a couple of years now.
And I shaved my own head.
And it's just, and who was asking me yesterday?
Oh, it was a job.
Of course.
Is it a one?
Is it a one?
Like, I know the different blade things, you know,
where you have a blade on there right now.
Yeah.
Pop it off.
And look like inside, underneath the touching.
Pop it off.
You know, hard it is to, and then I won't be able to get to
dancing back on again.
You're talking about the blade, right?
Yeah, it's hard to get to dancing off of there.
Usually you can just push it off with your thumb,
but I can't, I can't get old, I guess.
Yeah, that must be it.
I'm getting old.
I'm too feeble at old.
I got something for you.
No, thank you.
Sounds good.
So anyway, I got, my hair is black, if I lit a grout.
I only have a couple of gray hairs.
George on the other hand has got almost all gray hair.
In fact, I haven't seen George in a long time.
I wouldn't be surprised if he's all totally gray.
Not yet.
Pretty close, slow, yeah.
Yeah, close.
A lot of gray.
Anyone in a wife?
Soros, lot of soros.
Unlike me, who has a happy, go lucky.
A life.
I don't have any grief.
That's why my blood sugar was 10,000, you know?
No stress here.
How's that car?
Don't have any bag?
I've been asked to be the car is okay.
It's sitting there right where it's supposed to be.
Are you sure?
I don't use it.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Well, I'm not 100% sure.
You want me to take a couple of minutes and go down to the parking lot.
That's okay, trusty.
Right in the middle of the show, you want me to do that?
That's good, we're good.
Could be a regular feature on the show.
Neal takes time out to go down to the parking garage.
You'd only take about five minutes.
Well, that's all.
And make sure that the Pontiac is still there.
Where's it going to go?
We'll get your heads up.
Are you going to the Hesties?
No, but I also have the parking garage card,
which you can't get out of there or in there without it.
Okay, and that's only one.
Right.
Okay, well then, I guess not too bad.
It's there, trust me, okay?
That's the one.
The one issue that's not a big deal anymore.
Thank God.
I can't take any other ones, but that's the one.
And I don't have a bag.
How do you like that?
I know some people who are on the verge.
I think he was on the verge of having a bag.
He might have already had one.
He was one of the...
He is about the crankiest person I've ever encountered in my life.
I mean, there are a lot of other adjectives you could use.
When you agree, Zach?
Oh, yeah.
Now, what about you, Chris?
Were you there when in a moment?
You must have been if you were alive.
Oh, yeah, I was here when Mo was here.
And you had a deal with him?
He was with him?
Couldn't stand the guy.
Why not?
Because he just...
He thought that his didn't stink.
His stuff he should have.
And then, you know, he was, you know, God's gift to radio
and everything.
So, yeah, no.
Yeah, one more.
The story has never said...
That, exactly.
He was boring.
He was...
Tweet tweet tweet tweet.
Yeah, really annoying.
I keep trying to remember how did we get him to do that?
Tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet.
Because that one is actually him.
How did we get him to...
He must have been in a moment of weakness or clarity
or rationality, which didn't happen too often.
Tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet.
Yeah, he actually did that for us one day.
Yeah, but how great was it when you were actually in the building?
And you guys would walk by each other?
You'd walk by the window with me and Grieper in there.
And he would look to see and he'd make a comment right after that.
Who was that?
Who just walked by?
That was really...
Oh, yeah?
Who was that?
When, uh, near the end, if someone walked into the control room,
while he was on the air, he'd be on the air and he, like,
put his arm up and, like, start pointing at him,
like, get the hell out of the control room.
While he's on the air, he's, like, pointing...
It didn't matter who it was.
He would just start going nuts, like, pointing out the control room.
Because Grieper, who I would have to make...
I have the Howard David Keychain here.
Now, there's only one you might...
Get your finger on the button, okay?
Okay.
Okay, see, there's one where it says, you A-hole.
We can't play that.
We used to be able to play it, but we can't play it anymore
because we can't play much and we can't say much and we can't do much,
but nevertheless, that's Joyce and Jolly Jo,
and of course, Clarence, the Triple J Ranch.
Well, he likes it when you play the...
He's a six-center pull.
I'm not going to read the results of this,
and I don't want Charlie being to get upset.
It's an okay pull and we're going to make our thousand,
I'm pretty sure.
I'm positive with that, but it's just these long entries on there.
If he's ever on a sinking ship,
children, women, and old people are the first...
I mean, come on, man.
He's trying to kill you.
When you got a pull that takes...
Now, I do like this one about how much of the mere Roger Show do you listen to?
Should we do that one for tomorrow?
Yeah, why not?
I'm excited.
None of it, but I still check out the website.
Yeah, that always amazes me when we have people who vote on our pull
and they pretend that they're not listening.
Likely story.
That's like people who get the diaries, you know,
they are trying diaries, and they also pretend they're not listening,
because they hate me like poison, or because maybe they, you know,
maybe their boyfriend or girlfriend
or both works across the street,
or down the street or somewhere like that.
Now, I don't know if you're aware of the wired diaries
that they got in July's neck, or you're aware of this?
I saw the numbers.
Did you see the July number?
Yeah, I couldn't believe some of that.
Did you see at night they had in men 2554,
at night they had a 15.5 share in July,
and in August they had a 0.0.
So what does that translate to?
It translates to a bunch of wired diaries in July,
and it was all the way through all across the board, you know,
ditto, ditto, ditto.
You think anyone actually, I think anyone actually in that building
filled out the diaries?
Could be.
People that were on that station?
Could be, or their friends, or people they knew, or whatever.
You know, and then of course, they might be two people in the household,
and they pretend they're like, oh, well,
I said this because I ever try and calls you ahead of time
and they're going to select you.
How many people are in your household?
Oh, we've got eight people in here.
We've got, you know, mommy and daddy,
and eight kids all like between the ages of 26 and 35, you know.
So then each of them would get a diary?
Sure.
How do you sign up for that?
Yeah, you don't.
They call you.
It's bogus.
And of course, they've been lucky enough,
and the couple of years they've been doing that floor mat.
But about every six months they get one of those bogus months
with a bunch of wired diaries,
and it makes them look like, boy, they're really kicking ass.
And then all of a sudden, the next month, they get a point.
Oh, like that.
Like the whole audience has died.
Look how it went.
You know, his new projects,
Forty-two, five, sixty-two, a.m.
The Force Leader.
Stench of power manure covers over this performance by the dolphins.
Yes, I like to fart and push his face.
I like to fart and push his face.
On behalf of the human race,
I like to fart and push his face.
I like to show George what I think.
With a nasty blast of McCoy and Stain,
on behalf of the human race.
I like to fart and push his face.
On behalf of the human race,
I like to fart and push his face.
Okay, everybody, line up.
We're going to let the fattest people in the building
run on Zach and the beast and the Chris and Humper
all fart in the bushes face.
Wouldn't that be great?
Let's get the line up.
Johnny Joel Bell is also in that category,
but he likes the George Bush.
Yes, he does.
He doesn't share my views on the president.
He shares my views about good radio,
even though he doesn't know anything about it.
Now, it's really interesting as you look online.
One thing about the Internet says there's a lot of misinformation
just like we give out on the air.
A lot of misinformation.
During a promotional campaign for the film network,
Finch died of a massive coronary.
Now, didn't the other story say that he died of a stroke?
Yes, only then.
During a promotional campaign for the film,
he died of a massive coronary.
I do remember reading very specifically.
He was like walking from his hotel to somewhere.
I don't know.
And he croaked.
He had a heart attack.
Die.
Oh, no, Neon, you're wrong.
You made a mistake, and I'm going to call everybody in the building.
You let them know that you're wrong.
You're the light people.
I have no light.
In 174 votes now, I'm just curious.
What do you think?
Do you think that some of our products have moved across the street
and other than I'm not taking any more calls?
Oh, do you guys?
Wouldn't that be great?
Because I'm sure that they're just dying.
How are the calls over there, by the way, Zach?
They're interesting.
Well, that's not how you get to much.
I mean, that calls both places are not, you know, terrific, I guess.
They're not terrific.
Could have fooled me.
I might just turn that thing on and crank it up and take a couple of days.
You know what?
I'd be excited.
I'd be a privilege.
Just be an honor of Zach being here today.
Not that I don't have a huge pile of really nifty stuff here.
Like I always do, but you never know.
Go for it.
I'm gonna see anything happening on there though,
but I do have all my gots here.
You got some pot open now?
Yeah, it's on.
I'm here to the dial tone.
There you go.
Crank that thing up a little bit.
There we go.
Yeah, I like when I can hear myself back on it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Oh, that's right.
I forget about their long delay.
See that?
That's another thing.
Always 30 seconds.
40 seconds.
There's a line ring and WQAM.
First thing in the outwears?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Great.
Hey, Zach.
Hi, you're Paulie.
It's a great day already.
Yeah.
There you go.
That's another crazy person.
That's Fat Boys boyfriend.
One for all you and Zach Fat Boy.
A bigger friend?
One for one on the colors.
Right.
Oh, you'll see.
They're all still there.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, I like what you need to do.
Do a shop show.
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
It's been a mere march, I think.
Oh, what a moron, man.
Unbelievable.
That's a gun nut.
Oh, okay.
Gun nut.
Pervert.
He was a gun under my space.
I had to block him.
He was like sent him to me a allegedly naked pictures himself.
Some troll, I don't know.
Hey, Glenn, go shoot yourself in a foot or in the head if you can find it.
If you can get out of your ass long enough.
Back them.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Do not take callers.
Just talk your ass off because these guys are horrible.
What about you, though?
Yeah.
I guess he felt the same.
Yeah.
At least he was honest anyway.
He was like himself.
Don't you QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Haitians, your Macons and Cubans.
Oh, there's the South Florida theme song.
That's bad.
What about Mexicans?
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, there's a right by the bomb.
There's a moron and par rejuvenation.
Postes.
What's that all about?
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I was the weather in T.L.
I could tell you about that restaurant, but I won't.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, my red-pondor could have been here.
It's time.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
It's time to play the name of the bird contest.
Do you want to participate?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
N-L.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I remember Katrina.
They said that was a tropical storm and it was not Katrina over here.
Yeah, that's right.
We all better batten down the hatches, baby.
Right, that's right.
They don't know what they're talking about.
Katrina, they got it wrong.
That's everybody panic.
That's the way to do it.
Everybody get panicky, okay?
Head to your nearest convenience store.
Your nearest public store, Windicky.
Buy a fall of water.
Get to your home depot.
Buy all the plywood and all the viscreen and other crap.
Yes, be sure you're public's products to make my stock go up.
Why you have public stock?
I love publics.
I love publics.
Yeah.
We're shopping as a pleasure.
Correct.
I like Dominion too, which that's because there is no public here.
We got a 24 hour Dominion not that far away.
24-7.
It's only a couple of years old, too, as a matter of fact, and it is beautiful.
Not like a public, though.
Not as big as that, but it's big.
It's got enough, enough different ice creams in there to keep even Zach happy.
Ooh.
Now, today is the day, and I'm not joking.
I just took a pill a little while ago, which it's too early.
I think I don't think it's going to have any effect.
I took a Glyburide 6-milligram.
Are you charting all of this?
No, I'm sure that's not writing it down.
I have no lines.
Because it gives us something to do, you know.
But this cannot happen again.
I can't...
This is the first time in my life I've ever even attempted doing a show with blood sugar this high.
I mean, not good, bad.
Because the stress in doing the show also adds you understand the raising of the blood sugar.
Yeah, but I'm here, so don't worry.
Well, what's Zach out to do with it?
You're a bad influence talking about your fat, slum, chocolate ice cream, and all that crap.
What about the fish food?
Do you like Ben and Jerry's?
Oh, that's good, yeah.
That may be Q-A-M, hello.
Meals? My kids?
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
How convenient women just have to be able to live around the black water area over there,
and California houses burned out, and they didn't even help them.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, out there.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Yeah, you know, I have a way with you where we sit about George Bush, but I also don't like dig nor more.
Who?
Big dig.
Jamie.
Oh.
Yeah, I believe the first part.
What?
What biggest name?
The best out of T-Gurkish Neil Rogers, 4.256 Q-A-M.
The sports leader.
I'm Ylianna Rush-Latin, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels,
and listening to the new Roque, at least an hour.
Say, guys!
Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27, 1980, at 11.24 p.m.
While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat, yank me by my hair and say,
woman, don't spoil her.
I said, okay.
Chelsea was sold by her opium-addicted father when she was eight years old.
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy.
That sealed the decision for Bill.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
But even more frightening, at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us.
She escaped and returned home, only to be sold again to a whorehouse.
Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them?
Me, Hillary, Rodham, Clinton.
Chelsea said, come on, mom, don't do it!
Oh, yeah, right, I said.
Looking like a day's boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring,
she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear, you bitch.
Nice going, Chelsea!
1202-560WDQM on the world famous neo-Rodger show, where we're not too fond of the former first lady,
or even like her a little bit, but that's okay.
I noticed that in Iowa, the last pull in Iowa yesterday, it was like, Hillary 29 and Barack Obama had 27.
Nippin' Tuck, baby, and we've been talking about these things for a long time.
It's almost November.
Thursday is El Uno de la Vambidae.
You know what that means?
What does that mean?
The number of people is getting close to these caucuses and primaries and all this other crap.
I wouldn't be surprised if they have a caucus in C caucus.
Have you ever been in C caucus to enjoy Z?
I have.
Now you must be happy, you are.
Right?
Who may be?
You're not from New York?
No, I'm plantation.
Your family is not from New York?
My family is from New York, yes.
Of course, how did I know that?
Because you have that New York sound.
You know, I've been something about that.
I don't know.
You have a New York sound?
I do, I know.
So what do you mean what am I talking about?
I was just trying to make a funny there.
Didn't really come out funny though.
No, that's why we don't have you on the show too often.
907, although this isn't your job anyway.
Your job is to be there when the little dog is there and he's there tomorrow.
We understand that's the rumor.
He better be.
He better be.
Oh, God, the pain.
I don't want to knock the guy because I haven't never met him.
And he's probably a pretty good guy.
And he's also a dark, conflicted and I'll get accused.
Oh, it's a racial thing too, see?
He's a very nice guy.
He loves your show.
I like him a lot.
That keeps Jackson or whatever thing.
So I don't know him.
I'm sure he's a wonderful guy, but boy, he just, I don't know.
He just leaves me limp.
He likes this show.
Yeah, he loves her.
He does.
Based on what?
How do you know that?
He's told me.
He thinks me for correcting you on his name before.
He says, you know, listen to the show.
Oh, it's just a joke.
Jesse Jackson, whatever the hell your name is.
Cut the crap, okay?
I'm sure he's a nice guy and I'm not saying he's like,
he is a broadcaster.
I'll say that much.
He's actually worked like an abinist, which is unusual for us to hire anybody like that.
But it's this, I don't know.
Oh, which one is he like better?
That's one of the previous.
I like Joe Rose.
A lot.
Don't dance around the subject.
Let me think about him.
This one hasn't been long enough to make an impact.
Yeah, but I'm on the show.
Come on.
I don't like him.
There's a lot of him.
Oh, he didn't say that, did he?
I liked Joe a lot.
But Joe, since he's come back, I don't know whether it was a Joe Feinberg disease that got in over.
He screams, like, he's always shouting, hey, everybody, my friend Chippy over there.
Hey, Chippy, how you doing, Chippy?
They know anybody.
Maybe he's going deaf.
Do you know anybody named Chippy, by the way?
Is that a sports thing or what?
No, I do, actually, no guy named Chippy.
Do you?
Who works at air around the clock?
Oh, I love air around the clock.
They do my house.
Hey, guys, is the one you never in?
Yeah, I was there a couple of weeks ago.
What do you mean a lot of them never in?
I was there for like three days.
That long?
Yeah, it was still there.
How's that new TV?
It's okay.
It's not great.
It's a Toshiba.
It's no Samsung, I'll tell you that.
But I got it for American Express Point, so that's okay.
Oh, yeah, then it was like almost free.
And it's a lot better than the one I preceded, which wasn't that good.
It was, you know, it's time was up.
Like me, my time is almost up.
No, I used to have another 20 years.
Next Monday, we got our birthday party here on the New York Roger show.
I'm going to be 65.
I'm not one of those people that's embarrassed to talk about my age.
I'll say, you know, I said Rick Schroller.
Let me see if he ever responded.
He never read it.
Maybe he's not really my pick.
He's a tricky, belated, happy birthday greeting on my space.
And he never, never read it.
Well, he's kind of old, maybe he's not into the whole thing.
He's 67.
68.
Ain't it great?
Let me sign on to this thing here.
Let's go to my space.
What do you say?
Yeah, so while I'm doing that, everybody wants to come wish from my birthday.
Come on in Monday.
We'll have a party in his honor.
We'll tell him about it, and you know, we'll have fun.
Yeah, I'm here.
Are you mean in the building?
I'm talking about listeners.
By the way, I'm reaching over and shutting the phone off again.
And that's okay.
Once in a while.
Oh, here's David, my close personal friend, David.
He says it's a vicious cycle, stressed, and the sugar addiction kicks in.
And we end up eating and eating.
You see, I was okay last night, but I had those leftover chocolate chip cookies, those chips of hoi,
that I had put in the freezer.
Oh, good one.
They really, they suck when you eat them just out of the bag,
but when you put them in the freezer like overnight, and they get really nice and hard.
Mmm.
And the chips, but anyway, so I ate a couple of those as all I had left.
And so that stimulated my sugar desire, and I ran across this reading out a pint of hot coffee.
And then I didn't really like that type of hot coffee.
Sugar.
Sugar mixed coffee.
And then I lost a ...
I was just by the smell of
Because I didn't even like to drink hot coffee.
That's nice. Now let's see if Ricky Tiki or any of these people ever responded.
Let's see Greg, who's a very young guy, who's a very civic-minded, very concerned about the world and about issues and politics.
He sent me a lengthy thing about some of this whistle-bowl lady that was on 60 minutes and they've shut her up and it was long and boring.
Because she didn't say anything. She kept threatening to say, now Richa sent.
Here's the way I studied.
Here's the way I studied.
I wrote, belated, hey, how, belated, happy birthday, you old fart. On November 5th, I'll be 65.
Oi, how should I go to his page? See the last time he checked in on there?
Yeah. Last log in 1024.
So that's the last Wednesday. So he hasn't read it. He hasn't been on there.
I guess when you retire like Ricky Tiki, you got so many other things to do. He must have a rich full life, I guess.
Okay, let's see what else I sent out.
Yeah, Ryan wanted to know who wrote a bedtime story that I read and I answered him and told him where it came from.
He never read my response. That's all my other stuff has been in there.
And Anthony, the truck driver up there in Connecticut, Tony, you're a good guy and a regular on here and I appreciate it.
But you stay with the women, okay? He was trying to tell me about that kid for the red socks. What's his name?
The outfielder, the rookie Jacob Ellsbury, Jacob, you know, whatever.
Yeah, about how good looking he is.
All the way, man.
He's an ugly man.
But in the Native Indian or something, Native American.
Jacob, you know, Ellsbury, I don't know and I don't care.
We have 917 votes on there. Boy, you got your thousand like the easy today. Chris, good.
No pressure to it. It's because Zach is with us. That's exactly what it is.
Boy, a lot of stress with those phone calls. I mean, not stressful taking them, but just, I don't know.
I don't like them. It was okay. It was an interesting one. There was a couple of people that had something to say.
And then as usual, and you'll notice Chris, I think you probably notice very, very quickly.
Some people can spikuous by their absence.
The freaks. Some of the freaks were conspicuous by their absence.
If they're gone, we should throw a party. Yeah, another reason for a big party on Monday.
And of course, I'm, you know, you never know. I could open that phone up again.
Not anymore today. I'll guarantee you that I promise that to myself. No way.
But on any given day, you know, especially when Zach is there.
He didn't like when we do nothing but bedtime stories. He's like Miguel.
Well, he's not like Miguel. He's not his spanic and he's also not young and good looking.
But nevertheless, no, just not a spanic.
Pope Benedict, the Nazi Pope, urged Catholic pharmacists today to use conscientious objection
to avoid dispensing drugs with immoral purposes, such as, for example, abortion or euthanasia.
In a speech to participants at the 25th International Congress of Catholic Pharmacists in Vatican City,
Benedict said that conscientious objection was something that must be recognized
by the pharmaceutical canal profession. Such objector status, he said, when unable
then not to collaborate directly or indirectly in supplying products that have clearly immoral purposes,
such as, for example, abortion or euthanasia, a bison.
In his speech, the Pope also said that pharmacists have an educational role toward patients
so that drugs use in a morally and ethically correct way.
This is chopped off in a right hand column. I know I keep doing it and it's way it goes.
Well, if you would just highlight everything, I screw you, George. How's George doing, by the way?
Good, I guess, I'll have a look.
George is on vacation this week and I know how good he's doing. Maybe he got out of the house
and went to North Carolina. I don't know. What do you say he was going to do? Nothing.
We cannot anesthetize consciousness as regards, for example, the effect of certain molecules
that have the goal of preventing the implantation of the embryo or shortening a person's life, he said.
Emergency contraception pills, which can be taken up to 72 hours after unprotected sex,
work by preventing ovulation or by preventing the embryo from being implanted in the womb.
The Pope said pharmacists should raise people's awareness so that all human beings are protected
from conception and natural death that medicines play a truly therapeutic role.
The issue has been debated extensively in the U.S. Illinois Governor Rod, Black Ojavitch,
whatever the hell his name is, introduced the role more than two years ago requiring pharmacists
to fill all prescriptions. This business of you going to a pharmacy, to a drugstore,
and then with a prescription they say, oh I'm not going to fill that because my religious beliefs
were running, well then get out of the business, go, you know, how can I book it somewhere,
Mickey D's. Unless of course you're one of them non-meat eating all these people
with their freaking religions, man I'm tired of it. There's always something.
There's always something.
Every religion, there's not one that's exempt, not a single one, they've all got their nonsense.
Like the Orthodox Jews, oh it's trief, we can't eat strife, we can't drive on chauvus, we can't do this, we can't do that.
Everybody, the Catholic.
No, it's not.
The practicing Jewel.
Zach is the practicing eating.
I'm practicing Jew, yes.
You go to Shul?
No, I don't.
You take off work on your own kipper and rush your shaw?
I do.
Well you're practicing man, in other words you're a fake, you're a zah, you're a fake Jew.
I'm like me who doesn't pretend to be a Jew only by birth, I'm a culinary Jew.
Whenever I can get some good deli, I grab it, I hop it up.
Let's take a minute in New York, let's go to Katz's deli.
You know that's another thing.
What's I was thinking about that funny you should mention in the fat slide like you,
but I was thinking about this last night.
What's happened to all the good delis in the world?
They're gone.
They're gone, man.
They're all gone, man.
Like the Villa deli on Alton Road on the beach.
Boy was that place great.
Oh, there's a place here that you actually have, it pretends to be a deli and that's just
really a restaurant, a pretty good one, but it's not a deli anymore.
They used to have Kishka and stuff like that.
No more, I think they're going to bought it out.
They used to have like Creplach soup, now they got Macebal soup and no more Creplach.
They tell you if you want Creplach go get the go to the Italian joint down the street and get some Ravioli.
We're going to the Tink place up the street and get some Wantons.
1213 at 560 W.
Titus and Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodgers.
Roe Winfrey, what did you do?
Suggested a book that wasn't quite true.
Oh, Roe Winfrey defended James Fry.
Though he told a million little lies.
He wrote a book about his time and we had.
But now it seems that we've all been had.
Next we'll find out he never spoke Creplach.
He was addicted to collecting stamps.
I think Daddy's full of it.
Hope Roe Winfrey, what should we do?
We only read books that you tell us to.
Maybe you are the ones on drugs for putting his book in.
Over his book club.
Can you say talentless bitch? Can you say that?
1218 at 560 W.
I'm happy Tuesday to you and now did I give the schedule for a day?
Yes I did. More like a regular schedule.
Although between 7 and 9 we got that dolphin infomercial again.
I'm Fax and Eric the new pool.
Can you hear the facts?
Yes.
You couldn't hear it?
No, we heard it.
Oh, well that's good.
It's just like a message to sure that my Fax machine works all day, every day, all the time.
Yeah, we haven't got any Faxes yet, but you know.
We don't have no Faxes today?
Nothing's coming.
Nope.
Not a one.
There's paper and everything. Nothing's coming.
Wow.
Well that means a lot of two things either the Fax machine is screwed up, but it's just possible.
Although you sent me the log just fine.
Yeah, so it's any.
You want to send us a Faxon mixture or receiving for a proper?
Sure, during the next...
I can go right now.
If you want to whistle the tune.
I'm going to go to the tune.
What should I write on it?
Whatever you want.
I'll grade up a job I'm doing.
Okay, let me write.
Sack.
Here's a...
And then it's a word I can't say on there because you don't speak.
It's just a joke, don't take it.
Oh, it's hackin' us?
Yeah.
Fax me some ice cream.
Got a little of this on.
This is actually Chris Whistle.
Okay, so on the way it's in the machine it's percolating.
Okay.
There it goes.
And it's a dial in and ringing.
It's not connecting yet though.
It's ringing.
Ringin.
And ringing.
Maybe that's why I'm going to throw it in the bathroom.
Oh, there it goes.
It made that connection baby.
It made the ring connection.
Cool.
So it should be coming over there any second.
Hopefully.
929 on the pool about me'll be in an old fart, okay?
I don't teach you to talk about old people.
You know someday you're going to be old too.
Yeah, but the people that were all pissed off about that guess what?
They're all dead.
Oh, it's completed.
It went through.
You got your facts yet?
Is it coming through there?
Yeah.
No?
It's that receiving.
Oh, but I think it's slow as molasses, man.
What a piece of crap.
Of course I bought it and I had it by it because they won't buy it.
They won't buy us nothing.
Everything, every piece of equipment in that room.
Pretty much.
Wait a minute.
Let me figure this out.
Zach, you're sitting where in Georgia's chair?
Yeah, he's in Georgia's chair for ten.
Oh, I didn't understand that.
I didn't know that.
Yeah, well, he wasn't really too sure about running the board.
So as you know it, I'll do the board today.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, but he know about running that board, okay?
Now who runs the board in the morning show?
Because yesterday morning we had, was he yesterday?
I'm sure it was yesterday.
Whether yesterday?
Probably Friday.
No, I think Friday.
It was Friday.
Friday when the show ended and it was Friday Nightmare.
Nightmare in the, I guess, Jack's got out of there about a minute earlier, whatever.
He was out of material.
Yeah, we were on.
We were talking about the association.
And who was in there?
We were on the...
Me and Jack's were on location at the AAA and Greg and Spector were back here.
Who's that?
Who's Greg Inspector?
Greg's another one of our losers.
709, guys, that we brought over with us.
Oh!
Oh!
Savitized, man.
That's what was going on.
No, he might not have been the problem.
No, it might have been the other guy.
Who was the problem?
Could be Spector.
Did you get him in the back?
Back by the way?
Yeah, let's start forgetting a bunch of facts is now.
Oh, son, you're going nuts now.
Why is that?
Did you get mine?
I don't know what to do.
Jack is a f***.
Did you get it?
Not yet, I don't think.
No, he might have been stuck in there and since there was no paper in there.
Yeah, that thing might have got on Jan, maybe it had a Jan.
Got it.
And now that's to me.
You would know.
Maybe I cleared that baby out.
Well, what are you getting?
Anything good?
Are you going to pass along to me or what?
Oh, yeah, I'll pass them.
The White House yesterday said it had little information about Egypt's plans.
Egypt, this is to relaunch its nuclear power program, but declared itself
Jack is a right.
Generally supportive of civilian atomic power.
Yeah.
That's what it says.
Don't be redone it on here.
Because my yellow button doesn't work.
Oh, I got it.
I don't know a lot about it.
In general, we are supportive of countries pursuing all our, we'll say you did push up a little bit more today.
Now maybe about tomorrow, you'll push up completely and you'll tell us how much you hated Moan,
what the real story was, and about the Joel Feinberg.
Yeah, maybe tomorrow.
And about, and what about Stu Goss?
What kind of a moron that he turned into over there?
What he turned into?
Well, he was kind of one here, too.
He was General Manager.
Now he is listed as Vice President and Sales Associate.
And on Air Force?
Vice President.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
St. Andrew himself, maybe.
And is he still an A-hole?
Yes.
St. Loud and St. Proud?
What?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
Actually, all of it said yes.
Chris said yes.
Oh.
Zach was being quiet, so you know.
Dana Perano, the White House spokeswoman said, I don't know a lot about it.
In general, we are supportive of our country's pursuing civil nuclear energy.
It's clean burning.
It provides electricity in a clean burning and affordable way for citizens.
She doesn't know a lot about it.
We're working with some countries in order to help them get there.
But in regard to the Egyptian program that we've just came across, I don't know any more specifics about it, Perano told reporters.
She was speaking shortly after Egyptian President's House name, Mubarak said that Egypt was planning to build several nuclear power stations, relaunching a nuclear program that was frozen 20 years ago.
Egypt initiated a nuclear energy program in the 70s, but abandoned in 1986 after the Chernobyl nuclear catastrophe.
Mubarak's regime reached the outline plans to revive it.
It's okay for them to have nuclear energy.
Because there are buddies, okay, there are raghead buddies.
And the Saudis, of course, they can do whatever they want.
Or you're going to pay 80 bucks a gallon for gas.
It's really a sad commentary when the Saudis have got us by the balls.
I better look at that thing again.
They're on the BNN.
Whatever the hell that stands for on the BNN.
Here we go.
Get ready to vomit.
See how it got?
Oil 91.83.
It's down from over 93 bucks yesterday.
What a bargain, man.
How about you?
You're going to be able to get gas for as little as 6, 7 bucks a gallon pretty soon.
About right.
TSX composite down 120 points.
Not good, baby.
Toronto stock exchange.
Not good.
The S&P is down, Neil.
Oh, that, at least we don't get that guy anymore.
God, what a jerk.
Here comes the bunny.
And there goes your money.
I'd rather take it to Woodbuy.
Canadian 404.77, almost a buck five.
And the euro unchanged 144-22.
A buck 44.
Oh, it's just the pain is so great.
Of course for those of you people who don't go anywhere, I guess you don't care.
Pretty soon a dollar is going to buy a dime's worth.
Going to a store to buy like a Tootsie pop.
Oh, that's going to be $4.
A Tootsie pop.
You buy a pint of ice cream for a Zack.
Oh, that's going to be $5.95.
That's still spent.
Would you?
If it was $12 bucks, yeah, probably.
Now what kind of ice cream do you buy?
What brand?
I like hoggendoss chocolate chocolate chip.
That's probably my favorite.
If I had to give you one that I have.
Is your favorite ice cream?
Yeah, I really think it's my favorite one there.
Chocolate chocolate chips.
Chocolate chocolate chip.
Maybe some sprinkles.
Or even like a hoggendoss shop.
Yeah.
You don't buy ice cream like in pints and quartz and half gallons and gallons and jugs and mugs.
All I do is use a spoon for those things.
I don't really know.
It's strong.
It's about a man after my own heart.
Now do you like put it in the nuket before you eat it if you buy like in a pint?
Yeah, if it's too, you know, if I can't get it out right away, yeah.
When I open that thing, I'm ready to eat it.
I'm not sitting around and waiting.
Goes right to my broth.
Nuket man, 86 to 86 to 96 seconds.
If it's frozen like a brick.
And then it's in the different water?
No, it does not.
Well, if you nuket too long, then it becomes just like liquid and like zaxid, you can drink it with a straw.
That's a milkshake, yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
942 on the pool, we got 1,000 licks, man.
We're kicking ass and it's all thanks to zaxid.
Not.
You're factaking it as stuff or what?
Yeah, we're playing it.
I don't know what it is.
46 to 86 to 8 am.
Naked.
quartz leader.
God.
Come on, girl.
You have to give it up.
You've got to get naked.
Are you nude right now?
God.
I'm really naked.
You're singing as wretched and your outfit is ridiculous.
I can see you're the giant.
You know, so is nakedness with a perfect.
We're going to do a vaginal honor and check our cervix.
We're going to have a rainbow coming out of my hoo-ha.
You get the seed beneath you.
I'm not that innocent.
True, true, my vaginal never leave the same.
But who cares?
If I said you needed a beautiful party, would you keep your pants off and dead?
Surround a little?
My vaginal is itching for the beat of the band.
I feel it again.
Okay, like what I'd be able to do that with my vagina.
You weren't clean underwear?
Definitely not wearing my underwear.
By the way, I'm not wearing underwear.
I'm not wearing underwear.
Crawf31 at 5.60 to 8.00.
I thought you said there were tons of factors pouring across the facts machine.
Or two?
Well, we dumped the hollabah Jewish something facts.
So that was about three pages.
What does that mean?
It's like a fact that comes in from...
He can pull it out of the trash if he wants.
It's the fact that comes in every day from...
Oh, you're still sending us that crap?
Yeah.
When I ran by and peddling his garbage, his religious crap.
Yep.
Castle hoist, rabbi.
Okay, and stop wasting our facts paper.
Are you idiot?
Oi!
Get me out of that.
Then what about the A2 Brute?
Don't taste me brute.
That was a pretty weak.
Yep.
But this is marginally interesting.
My Rick Jacobs on the Huffington Post.
And colder on the gay circuit in West Hollywood.
We had dinner last night, says Rick at Marano,
a new West Hollywood restaurant owned by gay circuit party
promoter Jeffrey Sanker.
And lesbian nightclub owner Robin Gans and Sandy Sachs.
It's a visually stunning space, straight lines,
whites and reds, excited by Brandon Marano glass chandeliers.
It's right at home within an eyeshadow west Hollywood specific design
center, clearly appealing in the neighborhood of gay clubs, bars, and restaurants.
Toward the end of dinner, one of my companions insisted that they painfully
thin, emotive, long blonde-haired thing in a small black dress with nearly exposed
bosoms was none other than an enculter.
I didn't believe him.
Why would Anne Coder who hates homosexuals go to dinner at gay ground zero?
She hates homosexuals, although her best friend is Miss Fudge.
Why would she spend her hard-earned gay vassier world east
to enrich Jeffrey Sanker and otherwise support gay owned business?
Because she's a guy.
Oh.
But she were not.
He was right.
I couldn't tell if she was dining with people she hates or just demonstrating
that she's a fraud who says whatever she must have sold books
so that she can live the gay urban lifestyle.
Based on her behavior last night, I'm sure it's the latter, although based on her table
maze, it could be both.
Remember Anne Coder on John Edwards and homosexuals?
I was going to have a few comments on the other Democratic presidential candidate
John Edwards, but it turns out that you have to go into rehab if you use the word
Faggot, so I'm kind of at an impasse that really can't talk about Edwards,
so I think I'll just conclude here and take your question, she had said.
The last time I checked most gay people including me did not think the term
Faggot is endearing.
Notorious people have the right to dying where they please.
I also think that they have to eat their own cooking.
It is quite simple, really.
If a person makes her money by being famous and that person has an addiction
problem, she has the right to privacy to solve that problem.
But if she proclaims her sobriety to get out of jail and shows up at a bar,
she has to expect that her public might inquire as to her truth.
You can't have it both ways.
Silver for the police and press, publicly drunk for real.
And time you're caught in the lie is one of the other famous privacy.
Clearly Anne Coder was caught in the lie.
There she was, bubbling like a fountain about her interview on Donny Deutsche,
shown which he says Jews should be Christians, completely at the case at ease
in the heart of the gay city on the planet.
She was natural with gay men who surrounded her.
She enjoyed the falling attention by her two nuts of my school and male
escorts, clearly in her milieu.
I was therefore shocked that when we tried to engage her in conversation,
she became embarrassed to her into a way, nestly her head inside her long blonde hair.
Much is what an embarrassed schoolgirl caught stealing the answers to an exam.
We wondered if she was comfortable and West Hollywood in the restaurant
where a large number of the patrons are gay and where the gay owners make money
off her dining bill.
Her response physically, because she wouldn't speak,
I'm into embarrassed to talk to you.
And we've been able to see her high cheekbones that have hurt it and clutched in her hands
to hide her shame.
We'd have seen a red-faced hypocrite caught living a lie.
Think Britney Spears are parasol in her other sumic money simply for being famous
and then have no clue how to respond when they're caught lying.
Anne Coder loves the camera so we snapped a view of the cell phone.
Her sturdy female minder said we were molesting her.
Anne Coder molested by having her picture taken.
I guess she's molested every day then.
She might want a check-in to rehab to deal with her addiction to such molestation.
When the manager came by with our check, he said,
look, I'm sorry she's here, but I have to serve her.
The staff were clearly appalled when they realized it was in their midst.
Did Hitler eat kosher food as he was as he worked out the final solution?
Remember those we reserved the right to serve anyone signs I assume there for real?
Had it been my restaurant, I would have sent her away,
not allowed her to enjoy the life she craves.
On the other hand, we just wonder why Anne Coder feels so comfortable among the gay men she hates.
Clearly she's just a hypocrite saying outrageous and inflammatory, dangerous un-Christian words
simply to make enough money to pay for dinner in, well, West Hollywood.
Anne Coder had nothing to say last night because anything she could conjure
would have been too absurd.
She, Dr. Head, embarrassed at being caught where she likes most to be,
hoping to disappear.
Anne Coder is a coward who uses evil speech in the safety of a studio to make money.
She obviously doesn't even relieve the obscenity she hurls in America
a country she says she hates.
How many adolescents in Mid-America heard Mrs. Coder saying they are faggots,
sub-humans who should die, just as she could eat dinner at a gay owned establishment
pay-wood blood money.
How many lives have ended so that Mrs. Coder can giggle and guzzle in West Hollywood?
I don't believe in bothering famous people when they're out in public,
but Anne Coder created her fame and fortune by cultivating a persona of hate.
She has to be called into account.
Next time I hope the folks in Marano or any other public establishment
will just say no to the Anne Coder's of the world, let Anne Coder eat her own cooking.
I doubt she can stand the taste of what she dishes, but it's worth letting her try.
Says Rick Jacobson, the huffingman post,
let her try and then let her die.
Hey Anne!
You fairy!
Man Coder!
Cosset Dike.
Oh, what a foamy.
Good buddies would miss fudge from the Fudge Report.
Another...
You fairy!
Cosset Queen.
Yeah, but you love him.
No, I do not.
It despise that creature, man.
What a self-hating...
Oh, brother.
9.54, now why would you say such a thing like that?
That's...
Listen, a low blow.
So that's it for the facts that I thought we had that with them.
That was very good.
But you notice how I stimulated the facts that come through the machine there?
I gooseed it.
Yeah, this is something.
You hit something, yeah.
I gooseed it.
Because I think that thing just sits there dormant most of the time.
Of course the great sports facts that I'm sure they come through like,
Hey, are we going to win the penitent next year?
The ball is going to win the penitent like that, you know.
Thousands.
I'm sure of it.
9.56 on there.
We got to get going to get to that thousand.
I don't want to like get left a little short here today.
Look at it, don't worry.
Well, I'm not at least bit worried.
If we can't get...
In fact, what do we need to get to a thousand?
Point point six.
Half a vote a minute.
We can even hit 1100, maybe.
Whoa.
You okay with it?
Where is he sitting?
He's sitting in Georgia's seat.
Now I'm talking about you.
Oh, I'm sitting at the board.
Didn't you...
Aren't you the one that just said 1100?
Yeah.
I think you need to be sitting out in the hallway, like looking detention.
It's less than two a minute.
We can do that.
1100?
Yeah.
You're crazy.
He's pushing.
It's 1238 and ain't going to happen, baby.
Why would you do that when we're doing so well?
And now Eric's got his foot on the break anyway since you said that.
And every time I refresh it, it still says 957.
We'll send a hitman after him.
Oh God.
Zack, what all in ice cream talk?
You better reform yourself.
You're going to have a dime, baby.
He's pretty strong.
I'm telling you.
And then a no more ice cream, no more pizza, no more pasta, no more nothing.
No more nothing is right.
Meat and cheese and seafood, baby.
That's it.
Meat and cheese and chicken and fish and that's it.
I actually think that Josh came in and said that he might allow me to do a show tomorrow.
We're going to say he's still iffy.
I think we just change back to the desk overnight.
Now I have a better solution than the whole problem.
That's for clearance.
Stop a lot of our problems.
Best talent here is the O'Rodgers.
Fortight of 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
You've been a lot of b-farts.
The O'Rodgers on sports hold radio.
W-U-A-L.
Hey, just say we told you so, but K-Man isn't stanker.
I wasn't before the show, but now I'm a big-ranker.
It's due to recording Joe's delivered by three airing guys.
And went through I wanted to press help my own camera and pass.
K-E-Man is on your life that you'll never recover.
It's like listening to opera sung by Amy Glover.
It's a show and take your candy shopping down in the mall.
Because if you want to show your knee,
next you'll drink my land all.
If you let this one, there's a good change or a cycle.
The writers of K-Man showed a apologize to Guy Go.
ABC's in trouble if you want some tell your stock.
Because they've been like me more horrible than K-Man.
You will crack this file unless someone tickles your feet.
You'll get more enjoyment out of a piece of spoiled meat.
All they are is creating.
It's a good fantasy.
Spread it, one more flinstalled, or rolling over and there's rage.
No, no, no, no, no.
You say that's not ABC, or just not right from that.
Think it's better rating than anything just personality.
The only way you'd like the show isn't you can't see.
He's then working second to see all the bottom.
His thing is beyond helping me.
Last break from a pastor.
It's him, I'm just a victim.
Like all this such a saster.
I've heard my lesson and I'll never want this show off again.
If you miss this thing, you're lucky stars and avoid games.
Okay, 12.45 at 5.60 W.M. Board issue.
Is this zooming along today, isn't it?
It is.
It's okay.
I think those calls really were zipped along.
They injected a little bit of crap into it.
Especially our first call.
Which one was that?
Does that love you, Zach, what I think?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that guy.
Oh, that was a...
Hey, I have a pali that was a fat boy's buddy.
Yep.
Crazy Dave.
Ken from Atopico was right off the road to Ronald Suburb.
How's it going, Ken?
He says, two shows you might be interested in seeing or taping the light.
Frontline, the undertaking.
This one sounds uplifting.
The topic, funeral director Thomas Lynch explains how Americans cope with death, grief, and life.
I'll think I'll pass in that one, Ken.
The other one, though, sounds interesting.
Sounds right off my alley.
Show title, Killing Silence, taking on the Moffie in Sicily in Satalia.
On public television tonight at No Not Tonight.
Yeah, tonight, October 30th, 10 p.m.
The anti-Moffie movement in Sicily began after the sling of two leading prosecutors in Palermoidily in 1992.
I think I've seen that before.
These new?
I think I've seen that.
Then, Ken says, and this is right up your alley, Zach.
You better open up your ears real.
Why?
Take a note.
Somebody here that your blood sugar is so high at 18.1,
mine was only that high when diagnosed with diabetes.
Usually, at 6.5 to 9, on awakening.
Well, 9 is like 162.
Yesterday, I skipped lunch and felt eerie and dizzy.
I did a test rip and the meeting was 4.2.
Wow, only 76, Ken?
Quickly, in a couple of Halloween chocolate bars,
if you try special presidents' choice, ice cream is the best.
Oh, no.
I'll try it tonight.
I'll bet you will.
You're going to die.
No, stop it.
You are.
You're killing it.
Now, how much do you weigh now?
Which one of you guys is fat or not?
Since I'm not there and I can't see.
Gotta be me, probably.
Yeah, and that's what I'm thinking.
How much do you weigh?
Are we talking about weights you're going to lie?
I will.
I will have 189 this morning.
I'm at 307.
308 now.
No more ice cream for that.
Yeah.
And what about you, Chris?
Me, I'm still at about 255 to 60.
255 to 60.
You're a piker, baby.
He's got you beaten by 50 pounds.
He's killing me.
He's also taller than me, then.
Yeah.
You're what?
What, it's two or something?
That's six two, yeah.
Oh, now what a bargain.
Six two only, 307.
I go out and eat a whole bunch of chocolate bars like,
from like, Ken.
What an excuse that is.
Ken, you're just as weak as I am, man.
Quickly, you had a couple of Halloween chocolate bars.
Oh, only 4.2.
Yeah, poor baby.
76.
That's perfect.
I only wish I could get a 4.2 on that thing,
like any time soon.
I used to.
What's it upon a time in America?
Should I take my bludger again on the air?
I know it's not.
It's not assimilating, compelling radio.
But then again, it's South Florida.
And this market, what is, you know?
What's all new?
Ron, that assimilating radio with toast.
The toast, myster.
Give me a break.
So one thing about the kidney and vociero,
because the two of them were so bad,
he never got the grief that he deserved, you know what?
And he brought a lot of the crap.
What did he do across the street when he was over there, is that toast?
He was our imaging guy in the beginning.
What does that mean?
He did all like the production stuff behind the scenes.
And he found the air late at night and then early in the morning.
Yeah, that's a good time.
We're late at night early in the morning when everybody's sleeping.
That's a good time for toast.
Oh, Jesus can 18.6.
That's bad.
What is the multiplier there?
You multiply by times 18.
Okay, so what is 18?
So 72,
1952, 19, 342,
less, um,
8, 334.
This man is going to, I'm saying I'm getting through,
we got an hour and 11 minutes to go,
is going to get through an entire show today.
This will never, ever, this can never happen again.
Because next time it's going to be,
Morte,
Fonito,
I'm dying over here.
I'm dying over here.
And it's all because of that damn Hagen does.
Duschbag, the late day that I had last night around the decline.
That's not why.
You know why it is.
Why is it?
You know it drove you to that.
Well, okay, stress.
That's a sad excuse.
But stress, bro.
Because I had eaten dinner and I was waiting for dinner at the clock
and I got shined on that because somebody was saying goodbye to a friend
that were having a big party for some clown that's going back to Mexico today.
And that was the excuse.
Okay, fine.
You see, one little lesson in life that I'm learning myself,
even in my advanced age.
What's that?
You can read how things affect you are,
however much you allow them to affect you.
You know what I mean?
In other words, if you allow things to affect you in a really
negative way,
there are so many things that happen during the course of an average day
that you can get pissed off and whipped up and aggravated about.
Or,
as long as it was like, you know,
no harm, no foul, no big deal,
you can't allow that to happen.
It's up to you.
Don't allow the stress.
That's correct.
So now, what kind of stress is it that, like,
keeps allowing the stress to come at them when they can.
Magic his?
Okay.
Maybe I don't care.
Maybe it's not a big deal.
Well, you obviously do care.
No, I don't.
Maybe I've...
Hey, well, wasn't that big of a deal?
But it was disturbing enough to use as an excuse.
Don't you understand?
I usually know as a fat person,
just like can't write me there about his blood sugar
was only 76 away.
And quickly, he felt woozy.
Woozy, my ass can, okay?
Quit making excuses like that.
All the rest of us fat old diabetics.
Woozy for some chocolate.
Yeah, woozy.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, that was my excuse.
I'm woozy every day of them.
Yeah, you're woozy, all right?
And so what I did is I went to Mickey D's when I ate a clock.
And I got a couple of double cheeseburgers
with a small nine coke.
I did not eat the bun.
I did my perfect anacons, young.
And I was fine.
I should have been in.
And then.
But after I ate that,
it stimulated my appetite.
Now, I don't know about you,
but the combination of meat and cheese.
And I've talked about this before.
People think I'm crazy.
But the meat and cheese, like,
if I would have had plain hamburger,
which I can't stand,
I don't like burgers with no cheese.
Do you?
And not usually no.
Gotta have the cheeseburger.
Try.
Maybe I wouldn't have stimulated my appetite,
but the meat and cheese combination
seems to send my appetite for sweets just soaring,
just skyrocketing,
which is one of the reasons why the acons are so hard to stand.
It works if you can stay on it.
But it's not easy, baby,
because you're eating a lot.
At least I am.
A lot of meat and cheese.
If I was eating like all lobster,
maybe that would solve the problem.
So after my double cheeseburger,
just for Mickey D's,
without the buns,
at that point,
that's when I kicked in.
I came home and I ate that rest of those
damn cookies out of the freezer.
And the world,
you like three of them in there.
Well, that's not going to do it.
And I thought to myself,
well, that's just stimulated my appetite for sugar.
I better go over and get me some
duch bag de leche from Hagen Daz.
I keep the chips away from the fridge,
not the freezer.
Oh, you're sick.
You are really sick.
You are a real glutton, man.
I mean, I am too,
but you're proud of it.
You enjoy it.
I hate it.
It's something I would like to change before it puts me in the ground.
Although I made it this far, you know,
but today is D day when I'm looking at these numbers on here.
Now, you got me today.
Don't worry.
You'll be in a course.
If you guys had any rock monis,
if you had any, uh,
simply for me,
being almost 65 inches,
if you'd say,
hey, listen,
go lay down and
we'll finish the show.
You only got an hour and eight minutes to go,
and you need to get that sugar down.
And you notice I took that pill.
Yeah, I took it to like a 20-tonne.
You see it had no impact.
No impact.
A lot of zero.
Oh, it takes like an hour or so.
And in the hour,
my blood sugar actually went up a few points.
Didn't go down.
And all I did is just waste the pill.
That's all.
975 on the pool.
We're going to have that thousand-very.
Look at the split.
If I can say,
look at the split.
No.
Joyce, I can't say it.
No, that counts.
No, that counts.
It's okay.
And some people's minds that conjures up something, you know,
really vulgar and grotesque,
are really delicious,
and palatable,
all depending on your point of view.
Thank you, Gurger,
who writes to some really great and rich,
and nice short columns, too,
he's excellent, my favorite,
from Smorking Chip.
He says,
I don't normally do this,
but you have to read this article.
It's the story of Flint Leatheritt and Hillary Mann,
who worked inside the Bush administration
in telling amazing story of arrogance
and competence in dereliction of duty,
and he's got a link to the article.
Iran had basically surrendered to us in 2003,
and we refused their offer of turning
in all of their terrorist allies,
and completely stopping the nuclear program.
If we actually cared about an ending terrorism
or their nuclear ambitions,
we would have jumped all over this deal.
That's not what Dick Taney and Don Rumsell cared about.
The fake WMD threat and charges of terrorism
are the same exact rules they used in Iraq,
and unbelievably, the media is going along with it,
just like they didn't lead up to the Iraq war.
My God, people, are you ever got a question
they're underlying premises?
If they cared about so much about nuclear proliferation,
why don't they focus on the records against North Korea
as they build six to eight nukes?
Why didn't they say word about Syria?
Is that country apparently brought in material to build a nuclear reactor?
If that's the real story of Israeli bombing there?
Could it be because North Korea and Syria have no oil?
If they actually cared about who's attacking our troops in Iraq,
wouldn't they have gone after Saudi Arabia
who was funding 90% of the attacks against our troops
according to the Iraq study group?
If they cared about who was attacking our troops in Afghanistan,
why wouldn't they go after Pakistan,
which allows the title wave of fighters and weapons
into Afghanistan every single day?
If they cared about terrorism at all,
wouldn't they go after Osama bin Laden instead?
I can't believe the media is going along with this pathetic rules again.
Stop pretending it's about nukes and terrorism.
That's exactly the same load of crap they fed you in Iraq.
Have you learned absolutely nothing?
Absolutely.
Nothing?
Nice going, Jank.
Jank Yuga, he's really good.
In fact, I'm going to go back to this story
and I'm going to get that article by Flynn Leverton,
Hillary Man, and put that on the website too.
I'm going to click the link to it.
And maybe like 100 people are read it or so.
There's a lot of great stuff that I put on that website
and the Josh Cordis puts on there every day.
I mean, some of it is stuff that I've read on the year
and so people say, oh, I already heard Neil Read it or whatever.
But some of it is pretty important stuff.
And how many people read it when it comes down to it?
About 30 men.
Not that many.
Now, when we used to put the naked pictures of the hot chicks on there,
how many people were looking at that?
About 30,000?
Well, of course, it's nudity.
Yeah.
Has to do with sex.
I got news for it.
They blow up the world, baby.
No more sex for anybody.
That's the only way.
I got his name.
The best talent.
You know his new projects.
Fortreg the 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Oh, he's a Scott Barrel.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all women with painted lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours.
Whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh.
Hey Barrel.
What?
By the way, son, I've been giving it some stuff.
See, oh, what he think of this.
I know that being a new kid of dudes,
much better, so than six to ten,
and not in five, a Gentile in the cranky dude.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You gotta have your weary legs,
stress on to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die, we'd be crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm up in.
I'll be you from Brooklyn High.
I've been rigged by everybody but you.
You're not high, high.
Me and my husband have with love.
No way that if we had a fight,
that you'd survive,
who'd wanna hear a Gentile.
And push it tight, that's crappy together.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
What show would you and me for me
is much better, since Gentile not five.
It's only right that I should get for sleep the night.
I think we might be happy to get there
I'll tell you one thing whoever is responsible for putting that on the year of the very first time needs to be he needs to repent as soon as he is he on over there still or what across the street yes he is like now I think he's doing like late night stuff for a week and no he's been doing when Booster was doing that now that the world's series is over maybe the bookmark
I'm sure you might be back orange head you know rock and roll talk sports talk hey everybody but not you know Pukin a lot of Pukin going on and we have not
any more votes on the full Chris you better get your people going because we're not even make a thousand much less 1100 let's go people let's get
voting I can't believe you said 1100 before that was just an active lunacy and I can't add this Chris Jameson yeah we were doing five we hit the thousand
look before one o'clock and then you came up with 1100 they said all why even bother I think it's all exact well of course of course I need you to now they're coming in by the ones
well you'll be pleased to know that on tomorrow's Neil Rogers come one of our bedtime stories will be since I just send it along and it much too long to read on the
year the secret history of the impending war with Iran that the White House doesn't want you to know two more two former high ranking
policy experts from the version of the station say the U.S. has been gearing up for war with Iran for years despite claiming otherwise it'll be a
rack all over again oh boy oh my god so we didn't we or not most of you want Sam says it's unfathomable unfathomable they keep while I have that bad blood
sure you know and we did I can't believe remember I asked you the other day if I'm like slurring on the word like it sounds like
the stroke and you know you sound fine you're full of crap down wonderful no I don't
exactly I sound wonderful wonderful both for a crack like a bowl of chocolate ice cream it's unfathomable if you and
couldn't fight a way to keep the hammer on your system when I first moved here nine years ago I was very impressed that the
hammer was on locally and I love his show the hammer hey hammer hammer how you doing hammer that was probably like many I
listened to you Jim and Hank as much as possible Hank is a real on your like a talent unlike some of the jokers of that
station good point Sam we have many people who are not broadcasters who don't belong on the air whoever's responsible for
not being able to retain Hank should be fired immediately for incompetency and Sam says Neil I'm mad as hell I'm not going to take it
anymore FWQAM how do you like that FFM FM is in Belize Jr FM is what Sam said
I was mad as hell I was going to take this anymore let's just play that the whole hour to get out of
Sam's system when you say I was mad as hell I was going to take this anymore or let's not too much tension man
give me stressed out I don't want to do that I want to get into single I wanted to single digits for the
show tomorrow okay if it's not under 10 which isn't that great anyway 986 on the pull by the way
Chris is still 14 short we're gonna get it shall we do a little bit of this thing though to T so
that they might read it on the website tomorrow I mean not you know and you know it's a very long read on
here 10 pages wow wow what a lot of work for a whole hour well I can't do that and then the
audience I mean the attention span of people is you know as short as your thumb and they're going
to be sitting here droning on with some 10 page story I'll read a paragraph for two and then
that should tease you when it being interested to read it on tomorrow morning or whenever the
hell Josh cord is puts it on her late tonight and years after 9 11 Flint Levert and Hillary
man worked at the highest levels of the Bush administration as Middle East policy experts
for the National Security Council man conducted secret negotiations with Iran Levert traveled
with Colin Powell and advised condolese arise they each played crucial roles in
formulating policy for the region leading up to the war in Iraq but when they left the White House
they left with a growing sense of alarm not only that was the Bush administration headed straight
for war with Iran it had been set on this course for years that was what people didn't realize
it was like Iraq when the White House was so eager for war that it couldn't wait for you
inspectors to leave these steps have been the steps have been many in study in all in the same
direction and now things are getting much worse we're getting closer and closer to the trip line
they say the hardliners are upping the pressure on the state departments as Levert they're basically
saying you've been trying to engage Iran for more than a year now what do you have to show for it
they keep building more centrifuges they're sending this IED stuff over into Iraq that's killing
American soldiers the human rights internal uh internal political situation has got more repressive
what the hell do you have to show for this engagement strategy but the engagement strategy was never
serious and was designed to fail they say over last year rice has begun saying she would talk
to anybody anywhere anytime but not to the Iranians unless they stopped enriching uranium first
that's not a serious approach to diplomacy man says diplomacy is about talking to your enemies
that's how wars are averted you work up to the big things and when you as ambassador to a
rack Ryan Crocker had as much publicized meeting with his Iranian counterpart in Baghdad this spring
he didn't even have permission from the White House to schedule the second meeting and it goes on
for a hundred million pages read it in weep okay we didn't get ready strap yourselves in I'm not
talking about for Halloween either not good nope 987 we got to be doing better than that
989 not coming in they're just dribbling in now it's all that fault
yes your fault Zach flipping in such a like that fact said such a win 91 you spelled my name wrong
what is it what I said what I what how did I spell it the ACK over the Niche oh sorry sorry
Zachary Taylor you know Zachary Taylor was our 12th president you know that oh yeah I know
you didn't know that I did know big deal senator Barack Obama said Monday he wouldn't accept
the vice presidential slot you'd as rival senator swoolery Clinton defeat him in securing
the democratic's party nomination for president I'm not running for vice president he said I don't
intentions of being on the ticket as vice president wasn't that debate tonight I don't know you tell
me the debate is tonight the democratic debate oh I'm not gonna think I want to watch it no he better
butch up tonight tonight's it man's first I'm concerned he better butch up and remember the
ass that she so richly deserves waffling bitch let me say it again the only qualification she has
to be for being president is that her husband is Bill Clinton that's it not that she's a senator
from New York not that she's you know nasty ice princess none of these things you think he
steps up to murder them I hope so I'm all for him baby he's got my vote if he he's I don't know
what happened maybe I had to think they got to him or something he's been wimpin out the last
couple of months and all of a sudden his new ads well now now we're gonna roll up our sleeves
and they'll really go after her you know the bitch well good it's about time baby and he's only
two points behind an hour when the left and that last poll so it's even Stephen oh
bandlomators remarks during the webcast of a presidential dialogue co-sponsored by MTV in the
website my space which allowed Obama to feel instant messages from viewers watching online
one question was his willingness to run with Clinton after initially saying was truly to make
these kinds of determinations the senator was pressed by the events moderator Chris Salitzer of
the Washington Post who specifically asked if he would serve as the vice presidential half
of a Clinton Obama ticket no he said I'm not running for vice president I'm running for president
the USA the online discussion came as well bama seeks to turn out the pressure on Clinton who
continues to hold commanding leads in national polls and recent comments in the New York Times
the candidate said he would be taking a harder line against swallery and admitted that his lack of
assertiveness played a part in Clinton's polling success in an interview on Friday that was
initiated by his campaign a signal to change of course Mr. Obama said now is the time for him to
distinguish himself from his Clinton before it in the times why he said that he was not out to
meet cap the front runner because I don't think that's what the country's looking for he said
he was deliberately obscuring her positions for political gain and was less likely than he was to
win back the White House for Democrats Obama was also sharply critical to Senator Clinton in the
article published today in the Des Moines Register in which he derided her for voting to approve a
recent Senate resolution on Iran a measure Obama says mirrors Clinton's vote to authorize military
action in Iraq I think it's important that we not provide any additional support for blind
checks to a president vice president who have shown no restraints whatsoever when it comes to
our foreign policy Obama told the paper I think Senator Clinton is trying to straddle the line
at times he's trying to straddle it baby I'll take to the Obama event which is broadcast from
co-college and see the rapid-zag well air on MTV tonight meaning last night well missed it
you see it no no no what a shame the debates tonight by the way for those who are really
politically motivated clapping made up their mind what is your president by the way
we spent most of his 30-year career in the medical service oh my god this is a president
big mom was an army nurse his brother was a naval aviator yeah and chickens compete to okay
w 990 something on there 995 we need only five more votes I guarantee by the time we come back
from the break we're gonna have our thousand crystal have a big smile on this face and
Zach will be digging into a big bowl ice cream now you know like just playing chocolate ice cream
no I mean it's good though I could eat just playing chocolate get out of here
it's all new although they do have a cold stuff right by my house now you're talking
that place talking good yeah autumn you know what ought to be against the law yes
biggest name the best talent is your project
sports ready a 560 QAM the sports leader get the honey cunya
hey ice cream lovers first there was Ben and Jerry now there's something new
hi I'm Neil I'm Bob have a taste yes new Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream
with exciting new flavors like logical surprise blue berry and sorb behind
Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream have a look
116 see we've got bits about ice cream I bet that's chance to hunt it doesn't it
no I like it we have bits about everything I know you love it you're gonna be dead 999 we need
one more for a thousand I cannot believe that even after the break during that eight minute break
the 400 minute break one thing about this station baby we got spots thousand votes we got a
thousand votes we got spots we got up the right yep we got free food coming in every day
especially on Thursday thank you how is I what did you have today hopefully not carbs now
during during the break I will tell you what I did here's my strategy it was thing yeah yeah I
went to my refrigerator I got about a third of a raw weeny and I had that Schneider's raw weeny
which they're very low carb almost no carbs and I took another pill because if you take it with
food it has a much better effect and my goal by you know last the last segment of the show is
to get that sugar down like under under 16 17 something more reasonable you know you had a cold hot dog
you never had it raw weeny no I've never had a hot dog cold how about you Zach never had a raw weeny
are you people crazy or what I put them on the grill is no just posted on yeah but I mean I don't
have time to like be grilling weeny's right now go flavor wave let me say it again if you want
you guys can fill for next couple minutes and I can go in here and stick it on the flavor wave for
five minutes you have a whole way you never had a raw hot dog no I don't believe it we either
is there anybody in the audience who never had a raw hot dog no of course course not we don't have
thousand votes so anyway we'll see if that has any impact actually I just went down to 18.2
so let's get there do you have any idea how insane these numbers are the last few days I mean just
just insane like but a little bit like crazy lunatic like maybe go to the hospital okay get a
shot of insulin do something you're a maniac you're gonna die right on here before you're 65
birthday not good should I have George call you after the show to give you a little
continue a lecture haven't give you a little lecture and consoling after the show no
we enjoy a long time occasionally what's George gonna do for me a lecture about what
how to be letting uh things get to you he has given up on fat people don't you understand
he hasn't given up on you he has given up on fat people I don't blame him because we're our
own worst enemies this article from Forbes magazine lists America's most sedentary cities
speaking of fat pigs it's no secret that Americans have grown accustomed to lifestyle convenience
were achieved 700 calorie cheeseburgers are only a tenet of drive away but this way of life is
literally killing us that's because it's eating habits like this at Contrary to our
your health according to the Centers for Disease Control obesity is associated with 112,000 deaths
in the each year new west and contributes to an increased risk of contracting chronic illnesses
including heart disease diet babies and some cancers who was to blame lack of exercise and sloth
we set out to discover which cities were the worst offenders when it came to leading a sedentary
lifestyle our list is 20 cities long and is taught by Memphis and New Orleans it also includes
surprising entries like Miami oh my god and San Diego they must have been counting you guys and me
right and maybe the company comes to sloth that was funny we created our collecting data on
boss body mass index yet can't even read it body mass index BMI physical in activity and TV
watching habits for the country's 50 largest metro statistical areas for information on BMI
and physical in activity we turned it around and we did this we did that okay after establishing
where cities rank in each category number one for the heaviest city and number 43 for the lightest
for example we then added the three for a final score Memphis earned the lowest score with 10
and San Francisco claimed last place with 123 some metro areas like Sacramento, California,
Columbus Ohio could be included to the insufficient data for either the CDC or Nielsen in total we
ranked 43 cities out of the original 50 we learned that many cities on our list were aware of
public health challenges like obesity and activity working to improve accesses to amenities such as
parks while also mounting ad campaigns on the dangers of leading a sedentary lifestyle while obvious
translate most cities bra was mentioned consistently it also became clear that each city battles
verse specific problems in post-caterina New Orleans for example the slow-weep building of supermarkets
and growing reliance on corner stores stock with junk food post a unique predicament over the
years Oklahoma cities become a prime greeting ground for fast food franchises when developers
capitalized on cheap land and minimal traffic congestion Memphis the most sedentary city on our
list landed the top score for scoring high in every indicator in terms of the MI 65% of the
population is overweight or obese though the city is slightly behind the national rate of 66%
about 30% of its residents neglect exercise regularly combined with the 41 hours of tv watch for
week the national average is 30 assuming that patterns remain relatively constant the numbers
reveal the extent of Memphis's problem we have heavily invested in a sedentary sprawling
lifestyle said Tom Jones at Memphis based consultant for smart city can a consulting his former
colleague Kyril Collett a president of the nonprofit organization CEO's for cities also points
out that economically bifurcated population lack of transit options unwocable neighborhoods in
favorite southern cuisine are a deadly formula for the city deadly favorite southern cuisine like
southern fried chicken stuff like that that's good study published last year in the american
journal preventive medicine identified 10 components of an active activity friendly's community
including access to exercise facilities transportation environment aesthetics and land
use economics a summer study found by the national instance office for me underway in El Paso
Texas a city in which 65% of residents are obese or overweight fat fat and sitting on our fat ass
and eating and eating that's what's that is recommending just go out to your nearest public or your
your convenience store you get a bunch of tubs of ice cream and bring them home or just
milk them what about just cold stone that's fine that's good enough why you just go out of the
whole stone that's right go go and get stolen at cold stone you'll be stoned out of all right your
blood sugar will be like 10 million is that bad i'm gonna have to know what i'm gonna have to do
during the break i'm gonna have to go in the other room which is not big enough so the exercise
there for it see that's good for you now actually all the walking i do here is very good for me
that's the only thing that's kept me alive i'd be dead if i was in florida all these people
or you go to come back to fly we did work and i walk we don't even have sidewalks by me out in
plantation acres there's not even a sidewalk where you're gonna walk in the street yeah right
put on a little or at least a couple miles every day even with having that automobile which i
only reserve that 17.9 baby how do you like that huh yeah the old queen knows how to do it man
get it down about 7.9 and you got something we're talking about any health care professionals
listening to show must be must be kind of fighting suicide listen to what he's talking about
his blood sugars like 350 oh my god he's a crazy person he's doing a radio show you know that
stress that's right you let him all stress out that's good no it's not good
2011 we got 10 11 on the pool see if you really pushed it Chris you might make your 1100 no chance now
though oh well when you need for 11 i mean you need two and a half a minute don't have any that
it's not doable it's not doable just forget about it i wish you would never have said that i'm
sorry you ought to be i mean i could understand if that's that what it said it because he's you know
he hasn't been on the show in a long time oh we're still gonna get 1100 before the show's over
when the show is over yeah well no before before the show is over yeah you're you're another
crazy person 36 minutes we're gonna get 89 votes oh yeah i'm pushing the pole now it's gonna
happen yeah you're pushing well right you got the energy of a dead man my god Titor Finch
rest in peace he's got more energy than you do probably taking at least he can still
uh
he can still do it i would i would ask you to do that but i'm afraid what it would sound like
2012 there's another one see the coming in they're pouring in by the ones
to the best talent he's 1100 my
and you're 560 q we got it
forth leader wait the only
breaking sport hold you is there we interrupt this program you want to hear for something
that only a few sick offense for holes and management are interested in
health and coach can can can gank hammer and john don't get gank hammered swaisy
there's only a press conference that would progress well just have to work harder and give it
a hundred percent i'll take questions i got a question you know you stink where do you always
answer the same way i didn't like that question i'll refraze it hey what are you doing here
i'm with ten states of charity now you're more on now i go ahead and ask you a question okay
why are all sport holes coming in door do oh that way small i didn't like that question either
what's that book you're holding let me see that sport hold guide de fantasy dating i'll take this
rite
n Angela
don't
take me
put it there
.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
Okay, 130.
Zach, Mrs. Those days, I guarantee you that.
Those were lots of great days.
Oh, yeah.
Not.
10.40, by the way.
We need only 60 votes to get to you.
We'll have 129 minutes.
Just barely over two a minute.
Where did I tell you?
I told you.
Between the two of you, you push this audience, man.
You've got a double-billed thing here.
See, George won't help you out, Chris.
Yes, George doesn't care about the poll.
He's indifferent.
But the fat people, we care about the poll.
It's something to work up a little energy.
Exactly.
We stick together.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, sure.
Stick together with Hogan Doss.
Ooh.
10.40, 258 votes in 29 minutes.
That's exactly two a minute.
We could maybe do it, but I had an important.
10.40, please.
Wow.
Well, keep your eye on it.
I got an important crap here to read.
Okay.
The Top Riding Dead Celebrities.
Here's the new list.
From Forbes.com again.
The 13 legends in our 7th annual list of Top Riding Dead Celebrities grossed a combined $232
million in the past 12 months.
Many are instantly recognizable one named Wonders, Elvis, Marilyn, Andy Warhol, who still
come at attention worldwide, making them marketer's ideal fisherman.
Indeed, all the members of this year's flood by the Linchpin's having more enormously profitable
and growing merchandising empires.
Albert Einstein's name is used to battle Baby Einstein DVDs.
Theodore, Dr. Seuss Giselle's books are a staple of every kitty library and the planet.
Giselle, Giselle, I don't know how to say that.
Theodore, Giselle.
Rhymes with diesel?
Dike?
Hundreds of performances of your good man Charlie Brown, Pan the Portfolio, a peanut squater
Charles Schultz each year, as well as comic strips that are still syndicated daily in thousands
of newspapers worldwide.
Here's the Lucky 13, the Top Riding Dead Celebrities.
Unfortunately, I didn't have the amounts next to these.
Shame on you for his magazine and your crappy website.
Number one, the King, Elvis.
Let me kiss you.
Yes.
Number two, no more votes?
47, 10, 47.
We're going to make it.
53 votes in 20 minutes, unlikely.
John Lennon number two, Charles Schultz number three, George Harrison number four, that surprises me.
Albert Einstein number five, Andy Warhol number six, Borkadee paint that soup can or what?
What a joke.
Dr. Seuss, Theodore Giselle, Giselle, whatever, everything was seven.
Two packs of core eight.
Marilyn Monroe nine, Steve McQueen.
McQueen.
Number ten, James Brown eleven, Bob Marley-Mondon number twelve, and James D number thirteen.
Here's a guy that made three movies in his lifetime and he's number thirteenth most, and he died like a hundred years ago.
When did he die, James D?
I would say like 53, 55, something like that.
55.
Google it, please.
James D?
I'm going to guess 55.
And September thirtyth and nineteen fifty-five.
Wow!
Well, I guess I better head for woodbind, must be my lucky day, must be my karma's good.
My blood sugar is bad, but my karma's good one.
My silver color.
What?
You deserve a cookie.
A cookie.
Are you starting again with the food crap?
You don't seem to understand.
Laugh now, and when you're diabetic in about another six days or so, you're going to say, oh, I wish I would listen to the old man, you're right, you were right.
And you too, fat sack.
Three hundred and seven pounds is disgusting.
Three away, actually.
Three oh eight.
Three oh eight.
Yeah.
That's what you did.
Eight, eight, eight.
And now you're at three oh eight, ten fifty-one on there.
These guys need for an anesthetize.
These guys, because I don't want anything to do with this.
We're going to make it.
We stop being positive.
I'll congratulate the two of you, but I am.
We got it under two, so we're getting there.
Just one?
It's under two, a minute, so we're getting there.
See, and all you're doing now is mailing it in.
What are you talking about?
You're mailing it in.
I don't get paid enough to mail it in.
All you're talking about is numbers.
Numbers on the poll, numbers on this, numbers on that, numbers on these surveys.
That's all you're talking about.
You're mailing it in.
Numbers on these scales, numbers on the blood sugar.
Yeah, numbers on the blood sugar.
Yeah, numbers on the blood sugar.
I forgot about that.
Let me wait about another 15 minutes and I'll take it again.
See, it changes, you know, but not dramatically.
The more relaxed you are.
It's not going to be relaxed.
Why?
It's just going to be relaxed.
It'll go down.
Less stress, less stress.
There you go.
Take a deep breath.
You know what, Neil?
I think you should smoke.
Oh, yeah, yeah, that would do it.
Yeah.
Little earth.
You're not even in the will and you want me to smoke.
What a maniac.
No, not the nicotine.
Oh, I should.
Nicotine's bad for you.
No, yeah.
I should start smoking, right?
Yeah, you're a little...
We're up in a hot dog.
And I'll hang out together.
Anyway, here's a nine-page story, which I'm not going to read the whole thing, obviously.
But wasn't some call we were talking about Christod earlier?
Which I like Christod a lot, but the problem is nobody knows who he is.
So, see, an end's doing that, Christod God's warriors again?
Why is that?
No, they are.
They just showed it.
It's a joke.
Oh, we're planning to be taking a shot at an organized religion, which they're full of crap,
and they don't really say anything as usual.
Because all the people in the media are scared, crapless, baby, about organized religion.
Oh, they're going to come after us.
Bob Geiger and Smirking Shimp Rites.
What should have been a watershed moment in the race for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination occurred last month
on the debate sponsored by MSNBC, and which moderator Tim Rosard asked the candidates if they would pledge
that by January 2013, the end of your first term, more than five years from now, there will be no US troops in Iraq.
What came next from the media-unwanted leaders in the Democratic field was a festival of ass-covering and hedging,
in which Swiloray Clinton said that it's very difficult to know what we're going to be inheriting,
in backing away from the plagues, Barack Obama will find that it's hard to project four years from now,
in refusing to commit, and John Edwards flat out said, I can't make that commitment.
Bear in mind that Rosard wasn't asking if the presidential contenders would advocate with drawing troops that week,
the following month of you in some time in 2008, he was simply asking if they would commit to ending a war
that's nothing to do with America's national security, except in making us demonstrably less safe,
is killing our troops, bankrupting our nation, destroying our global reputation,
and if they would do that, would the next half decade.
Kill Cricket's chirping and silence from the three primary full leaders.
Russ had then turned to Senator Chris Dottak-Kennett again and said,
I want to put you on the record, will you pledge his commander in chief,
that you'll have all the troops out of Iraq by January of 2013,
I will get that done, said Dodd firmly.
You'll get a done-theorified Russard?
Yes, I will, sir, said Dodd, period end of story.
Dodd pointed out that after the debate that the most remarkable thing about response to Russard's direct question was,
the so-called eating candidates were unwilling to say whether they would have our troops out of the country by 2013.
The idea that we could be in world and combat for at least another five years should set off alarm bells
for anyone with a modicum of foreign policy experience, said Dodd,
sacrificing American life to engage in the civil wars, a deeply corrupt strategy,
and one I've been working to combat in Congress.
I call on my fellow candidates to help me bring an end of this war long before 2013.
We need to win this war now before it passes Vietnam as the longest war in American history.
Perhaps it's a dismal sign of how on a custom we've become to presidential-like leadership
that we don't recognize it when it slaps us in the face,
but as firm stands under Iraq and many other reasons,
it makes it obvious to me that Christod should be the Democratic presidential nominee
in 2008's Bob Gagger on the Smirking Chim.
How do you like that?
I like Christod a lot.
Anybody know who he is?
No.
1062 on your poll, gentlemen.
1064.
We're going to make one more on 666.
How do you like that?
1066.
I'm going to head of your fan, that has 1067 old.
1067.
Look at this.
They're pouring in, man, by the ones.
Just wait till tomorrow's bull.
1068, 1.5.
We need 1.5 a minute and the last, we need 33 votes in 22 minutes.
One and a half, exact the minute.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent here is no rejects.
435, 60 QAM.
The sports leader.
A republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Kids just can't get enough of Count Popula.
No, not just any kids.
Only Count Popula is about.
Only Count Popula has things shortly in Wapers,
made with the body and blood and rice.
All part of a well-balanced practice position.
No, you cannot count Popula unless you accept the one through the kitchen.
But I like Al Frankenberry too.
You are the Jew.
That's the man.
Only school young Catholic children can have Count Popula.
Count Popula, the popular serial.
Now with a blank check in every box.
Sounds like that Al Frankenberry likes it too.
1.44 at 5.60 WQAM.
You guys, I totally were going to do it.
Yep.
I don't know why you're so negative.
Easy sliding to 1100.
1091, look at that.
Woo!
We only need 9 in 16 minutes.
That was when you push.
The big line.
You never push.
It's all we need.
You tell Robert.
Yeah, I.
That's all we need.
Now, what's the story?
Don't give me a song dance.
Don't try to be cute.
Clare's came in there a couple hours ago and he said what?
He just wanted to make sure everything was going alright.
That's it.
I thought you said that he told you you could work tomorrow on the show.
I kind of just gave him the eye that I'll be here tomorrow.
He was giving the eye.
I was like, yeah.
He's kind of winking.
I wouldn't be getting him the eye.
Let me tell you right now, okay, because if you're going to do that, we've got real problems,
man.
I'll be careful.
I mean, now that the beast is hitched up and actually made a baby, oh, then the thought of that to me is just,
it's mind blowing.
And you wonder why the world's got the problems that it does?
1095, you need only, well, I told you we'd make it easy.
Five more votes.
See your counting numbers again, man.
It's all we're doing.
Hey, what a blood sugar.
Do I want to take my blood sugar one more time?
Yeah, we got one.
It's been 15.
Gotta get that before you live.
It's not going to be good.
It's going to be better.
How do you know that?
Because you've been more relaxed in the last 90 minutes.
You're sounding better.
Oh, when you cut the core off and you're speeding up.
You said I wasn't stirring my speech before.
Yeah, exactly.
That's why I said you're not stirring your speech up.
Oh, brother, talk about double talk.
Al Kelly would be so proud.
1097.
1097, totally no sweat on his show.
When you're legendary like I used to be, no sweat.
Thanks a lot, by the way, Johnny Joe, for destroying this 17.7.
You're right.
I told you.
It's slow, and like I told you, it doesn't come like dramatically down or you'd pass out.
I wouldn't mind passing out.
Be real good excuse to let you guys finish the show.
140, you have six though.
We only got 14 minutes to go.
I think I can do it.
Hey, you're done.
I can do 18.6.
What is it?
318.6.
Well, Goody, Goody Gumdrop, man.
You understand doing the show withnar the blood chick over 300.
I should have an IV and me in be sitting in the hospital bed.
11.01.
I told you.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Great, really he's 7.1, a minute to 1-200m.
Let's do it.
Wow.
Well, legend titular techs will go on the ballot January 29.
According to the SCUMCENTL, it says now it's up to Florida voters to save
other the state legislatures, given them the property tax relief they want.
Wait till you hear how much money people are going to be saving.
Wow!
By books.
Yesterday, 2.20.
Yesterday, the state housing senate approved a trim-down tax-break package they hope
will kickstart the state's ealing housing market by doubling the $25,000
homestead exemption and allowing homesteaders to take save our homes benefits
with them when they buy a new house.
The average homeowner will seek a $220 annual tax break, $220 beans baby man, what are we going to do with that?
Look at all the candy and ice cream you can buy with that sack, $220.
A lot.
A lot of ice cream.
Not that much.
$220 bucks?
I mean, in your case, that would be a lot of money, okay.
Enough for about a week.
Here we have a free ice cream.
It will take 60% vote of those who turn out for the January 29th Special Election to make the tax part
of the state constitution.
What happened today is historic state governor Charlie Gay, Christ, who campaigned last year
and the need to provide tax relief, it's not in the hands of the people.
And by the way, to my friend Tony the UPS guy in Connecticut or wherever the hell he is,
and anybody else who doubts that Charlie, Christ, and Gay, I got news for you.
He's not just gay, he's a screaming AKA screamer.
Anyway, nothing wrong with that except the fact he's a hypocrite.
The plan leaves the current state of our home provision on touchcapping tax increases
on home-set property at 3% annually.
Very similar to what the Senate passed nearly two weeks ago, the bipartisan plan crafted by Senate leaders,
echoes an agreement that both chambers had with Christ before they started this their fourth special session of the year on October 12th.
The Senate, hoping to break a legislative log Jan passed the proposed constitutional amendment,
and a 35 to 4 vote early yesterday, shifted over to the House and went home.
Rather than have nothing to put on the January ballot, a reluctant House signed off on the Senate plan,
a 97 to 18 vote after hours of debate.
An rare move, speaker Marco Rubio made an impassioned speech from the House floor,
urging members to support the plan.
You go, Marco, what we do?
The plan would allow home-setters to take up to $500,000 in their savor home savings with them when moving into a new home.
It's an economic booster that Senate Majority Leader Dan Webster, Republican Wintergarten of the Portability Provision.
This allows people to move elsewhere.
They can buy a bigger or better home, pay a little more taxes, but not to hate with the whole load.
There's nothing worse than getting hit with the whole load.
As Kathy Willett, she'll tell you all about that.
So there you go, it'll be on the ballot January 29th and be two-tea-night now, now and then.
And today's already October 30th.
Look at that.
About 30, man.
That's what he dressing up as.
Halloween tomorrow, November 1 on Thursday, my birthday on Monday.
What more could anybody ask for?
I'm dressing up as me.
Real clown.
A real evil doer.
You're a record customer.
You're going to go trick or treating in your building there?
We don't.
What did I tell you?
We're listening the other day.
Yeah, you don't have Halloween up there.
We don't have, we have Halloween, but not in the building.
They don't allow trick or treat.
Oh, they don't allow.
Any of that crap.
Nobody can come knocking on your door, soliciting.
It is prohibited in this building.
Thank God.
Oh, God!
You should go anyway.
Go trick or treat.
Go on the building.
Yeah, right.
This is an upstanding building.
Okay, this is a fine group of people, including many Shmata Head, the...
Oh, brother.
Then how did you get in?
A lot of terrorists in training.
Because they liked my money.
I like to color my money.
One thing you'll find about business.
They like your money.
Although I tell you when I bought that card, did I tell that story on the air about the
Pontiac Deer here?
I wish they would pay it away from the St.
Money or something like that.
No, I had to wait like a week for the check to clear because they wanted...
You know, I paid in cash and they wanted the check to clear.
And then when I printed out the thing for my bank in Florida that I declared, the copy of the front of the check,
the back of the check, my balance showing the amount had gone through.
And they still put me through an hour and a half a hell.
Like I was some kind of a deadbeat.
You know how the meaning and the degrading that is?
I hate when that happens.
Yeah.
I'm finding that's the way I do a business here.
They have no idea how to do a business in Canada.
They treat you like garbage, especially if they figure you're never going to come back, you know?
Well, if you'd like, you can send me like 24 grand and I'll go see if it's like that down here.
I wouldn't send you 24 cents.
Okay.
24 cents.
Get it from George when it comes back.
No, yeah.
No problem.
George has all my spirit cash.
11-11.
You know something, if we really put a big push on, we could have gotten to 11-20.
That's all that's fault.
What's the best perk Neal can look forward to?
Turning 65 next Monday.
Is he officially becomes an old fart?
Can't play a fart, but you can be an old fart.
Oh, and there's nothing worse than a musty old fart.
Mmm.
You know what I'm talking about?
People have been wearing the same clothes for weeks.
Oh, yeah.
I don't really know how to do a fart.
Oh, my God.
Those people hang out a woodbind, by the way.
And they all sit next to me wherever I'm playing.
And I think that's the number one.
The first thing I'm going to do, monthly social security checks 253.
If he's ever on a sinking chip, children women, a chip, children women and old people
get the first life votes, 186, uh, sinking chippy.
Hey, chippy, how you doing?
Primera on the clock.
Why do you keep saying that?
Because he's one of the guys from era on the clock.
I don't know that.
I think it's paid every time he's here.
You ask me if I knew a guy named Chippy.
I told you.
Well, that's the spot that Joe Rose is always screaming about his buddy Chippy.
And I always chuckle when he says that.
I do love it around the clock.
Half price off the early bird special 157.
If he's ever assaulted, there's an added criminal charge for being up an old person 142.
Blaine Charlie B, if you know like these long convoluted answers to the question.
The senior citizen discount, 112.
That was my vote.
I'm 65.
I think also on the air for you get a little discount too, don't you?
Who knows?
I think so.
A bigger federal tax deduction, 109.
I don't believe that.
Is that true?
Um, I don't know.
I'm not old.
What about you, Zach?
I'm sorry, I missed that one.
Medicare 84.
Oh, yeah.
Here come the old jokes.
I can smell it now, man.
Smells like that cheese in my underwear.
Medicare 84.
Free bus and metro rail rides.
39.
Yeah, that's not true.
You're open on the press.
You're open on the ARP 27, which is wrong.
That's a wrong selection, Charlie B.
Because once you're 50, you can be in the ARP, A.
So Charlie B ought to be spanked for that.
Not good, but it says so good.
Well, it didn't say you have to wait until 65.
Just when you're 65, you can have the A here, A, ARP membership.
No thanks.
I mean, what's the benefit from that?
You may have discounted it.
You may have discounted it.
You may have discounted it.
You may have discounted it.
You may have discounted it.
You may have discounted it.
You may have discounted it.
You may have discounted it.
I think this is the best base thing.
How it can get now that I'm 65.
Don't just see those tv ads all the time for.
If you're over 65, you can Medicare will say, I'll send you a bunch of free cram.
So that's what I'm saying.
Starting Monday, send me a bunch of free cram.
What biggest name?
The best talent you are.
He's no Roger.
He's 4.
He's 4.
He's 5.
He's 6.
He's 5.
He's 5.
He's 6.
He's 5.
He's 6.
He's 6.
He's 6.
He's 6.
He's 6.
This is the type of music which needs a little concentrated listening and I would request
you to have little patience.
We are not trying to make any quality.
We are artists.
Now as usual I would request you my friends to refrain or stop from smoking while the
program is on.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
I like to play this hingo down in the ballroom at the height and like your actual
walls when Muslims come they will feel the heat.
I don't need people smoke or chase the baves around the bar.
I am on bad mood when I pick up and play you my shita's, play shita's.
Play shita's, play shita's.
Oh my god.
Play shita's.
I have just like an eggplant.
Play shita's.
Play shita's.
Play shita's.
If you use that it's not coming.
Oh what a nice song you have.
May I touch you don't.
Oh God God is so hot.
I always thought it was cable-looker.
Oh come here baby.
Watch me.
Play shita's.
I got just one.
Oh my god.
You're beautiful thing you.
Come here.
This is not for you.
Watch me.
Play shita's.
Look what the monsters of the hot mud tours coming to your tent should.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest names of this caliph.
Oh my god.
And you're home for Miami Dolphins football.
Sports radio 560 WQ AM.
Miami.
Corn Lutterdale.
Holy ice cream to make it in.
We have to send them.
Come on.
Come on.
We could get you on my name by the night.
Come on.
Come on.
