Are we ready to start the show yet or what? Give me a high sign or what?
Wouldn't without George Napolitan or Junior.
HELL! It damn they're killing him now!
How the great stars of the Neo Roger show?
Thousands of strip points back when they go!
The chicken's dollar and the dollar of a tattoo to go!
Good thing you didn't say...
...or...
...he said, honey, not funny, boy!
But when you take him in the back, it's the private...
...alright!
Go!
Go!
Go!
That's mental!
Take those notes on your inches!
I'm gonna hold you down, that I can do the things!
Thinking of a big roll of his fat!
You don't leave out the smell because you can't wear a tie!
You fell!
Hey, no, no, no!
Hey, no!
There's some kind of little big fat guys!
See, no other late involvement, right?
Back then, she'd put the shower in the house!
We need to skateboard on the tower!
Rock solid!
What the hell?
Hey, what the hell?
That's mental!
Oh, ha ha ha!
Cry!
Cry!
Huh?
10-03-5, 60-WDQ-R-M.
I thought you wanted to go to the best edit,
at least with the stuff he dropped in there.
It's a master piece!
It's a master piece.
Speaking of master piece,
anybody watch I just asked at a moment to go to your president last night?
No!
Your president did not watch it.
We'll not watch it, have no interest.
And I thought it was damn nice to him to say that all your sluckers out there
that can't afford health insurance,
he's gonna tax say your benefits, which is really nice.
Yeah.
A hell of a break.
Are you starting to sound like Renfield a little bit now?
Yeah!
Alright!
Boy, you know what that is?
That's Bologna!
That is.
I wish I would have known that was under yesterday when you were talking about the fried baloney.
I never got around the fried baloney yesterday.
Everyone, I got one to the store.
I had no bacon for this morning.
I was Mui Acapato.
So I never had a chance to go to the store or buy any baloney.
Oh well.
It'll still be there.
Sounds pretty good.
Well, I can't do it today.
It's Woodbine Wednesday, man.
Two o'clock I'll be out of here in two shakes of a lamb's tailers at Stupid Essex
first and again.
When in doubt, shake it out.
Here's a really good piece of news to start the morning since we're so newsy on the show.
X-Duke D.H. Charge with Essex Violation.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
from the rack and bring it over here, ship it over here, FedEx, yeah, solder lies them The new
No, back home I'll take you some of you guys, man, are so obsessed with the spending too much time in the orifice
The new charges by the director of line of state bar against the durian, I like that though. It's a good one. Let's solder them. I'll ride
In fact, I say let's let the lacrosse players the whole lacrosse team line them up and solder them. I said that over my double
Yeah, the new charges by the North Carolina State Bar against Durham County VA Mike knife on we announced this morning and could lead to his removal from the state bar
According to a copy of the updated complaint. All right
Just this will be done. I will be done as it isn't heaven
But I'll be put about all the get's keys all the time. I'm so tired of that crap. I love this acute story
It's not really cute. It's it's scary. It's shocking. Oh my god. But it's cute. Las Vegas. Isn't everything in Vegas kind of cute? See you know
Sure, what is it with everybody moving to Las Vegas? Everybody there are others on the way to Las
friends in Vegas. I don't know. I'd you know once upon a time back in the day
It actually once crossed my mind boy. I'd sure like to get me a place in Vegas
Mm-hmm. By an apartment out there. You know near Las Montaños out there in the
Hingelands and
The more I thought about it is you know first of all I've lose my ass the first month
I'd be broke and then what do you do? You know, I mean oh the great cheap of phase first of all
I'm not into cheap a phase. That's the last thing I need now that I'm trying to get spelt
Pagot out every day. Right
Anyway, and intoxicated 28-year-old man
Apparently broken away secure area new recurrent international airport in Vegas stole a luggage cart tug car
Before being arrested early yesterday. Now you know what the tug cars are the um the luggage carts right
Get tug of ones the ones that tug around the big luggage carts. Mm-hmm
Joshua Shoreman is accused by police of breaching two perimeter fences at the Quail Air Center around four-clock yesterday morning
He allegedly we hit brutal Tataia three o'clock this morning remember the way he Tessio said that so said her so say
He allegedly stole the tug car began to drive it on airport property
FAA spokesman Ian Greger said the tug damaged the right wing of a G4 Gulf Stream binnest jet
That's not good. Police said he also damaged the fence before rolling the tug into a ditch
He ran with stuff by the Department of Aviation Officers
Shoreman was booked on charges of Grand Larson and malicious destructive private property
Hinton-run property damage and trespassing all of these all of these things like that
So those of you who are worried about security the report forget about it. There is no problem whatsoever
The fact that some drunken guy can get on look got about it. That's right
I got about the security because there was nothing but last time I went I think it was when I was flying back up here
Mm-hmm wow you go the four-letter to the airport you better not be hiding nothing in your pantaloonies. I'll tell you that
They uh they searcher
Not seriously there when you go through the security thing
There are certain people including me with my luck though. I mean I really looked dangerous
You know like an old terrorist or I'm sure you head you look real that must be it yeah
That's gotta be it look like I said they are picking a few of us out of the line and setting us over to another line
Where this guy is waiting to pat you down and I mean really give you a once over you know it didn't even feel good
Was it heavy heavy patty?
Heavy patting and patting
Here's the pull from yesterday
50 and I let me just say this okay just as a word of warning
You'll see here's this could be the last call we ever take on you go pretty much way up you lighten up over here
Hello
Solomon
All right, sodomines yes sodomines okay that could be the last one we were takes like I just want you know
I have that thing on that doesn't mean I'm taking any but it is on
And of course line one still doesn't work and QM still continues to be a
The technical disaster in fact we should have a big sign when people walk through the front door there
We're freaky curlosses in warning disaster area
Why don't we you know yes sir if you decide to go screen this and we have people that are missing calls. I got something
What do you mean by that? WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
So anytime someone like the call we can just hit that we don't have to worry about taking calls
Okay, good very good because that that's that's basically it right there
That's pretty much a medley of the people I call of this station and they show now the sports collars
That's another way hey
Can win the panel you think the new coaches gotta get the dolphins out of the Super Bowl
What do you think yeah? What's your take what's your take like on the bowl?
Yeah, I gotta take on the bowl. I had about three of them this morning
Anyway getting back to a business. Can we get back to the pool on the bowl?
1541 votes
Other than and if I sound like I'm an extraordinarily good mood this morning the reason is because
You are I am the grand that's right and it's wood by Wednesday to top it off
I'm gonna find me a good machine man
And I'm gonna win some real
Serious money. Maybe I should play the mega bucks for 4.4 million. Oh
Other than the government who was effing you the hardest right now my property insurance company 405
But now they got that that breaking out a few bucks. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
The oil company's 228 price oil is dropped like a rock off
Tall building and yet the price of gas is still outrageous. Unacceptable
That's what I'm thinking forget it
My health insurance company. I'm your 59. No, my favorite now the new one is that's below me
Yeah, Friday lonely if we can get her saying that's fried below me then we'll have it made by shade
My health insurance company 159 my employer slash boss. I'm written 12. You know, don't most people
Resent the people that they work for I mean, you know, it's just it's just the way it is like else
I didn't resent Dick Casper. He's in Gary Lawrence those were the two guys I worked for that reant Sid Levin
Should say that Chris did me be listening. Love you said, but yeah
But I wasn't making too much money back then but I didn't resent him. He was a good guy
What he was Jewish the media 73 my power company floored a plunder loot 65. I hate this pool only 61
3.9 percent my credit card company 60 for a lot of choices on this pool
My spouse 59 my homeowners and or condo was association 54 my drug dealer 47
I've actually George voted for that though starting to really gouge you though the drug companies 45 my ex-spouse partner 35
I know which one you voted my cable set
One of my of course in fact the only correspondent I've got that's on the that that corresponds with me on the aim
Instant messaging thing the a. O. O. Instant messaging. Yeah, he was asking me about you and about the
Is your plight really that bad?
Yes
My cable satellite disprovider 32 my girlfriend of boyfriend 25 my internet service provider 22 my bank 17 my kid 17 my realtor 8 my doctor 8
Hey doctor. How come I got blue lips doctor my preacher rad by other smart to head
Getsky 7 and my stockbroker or Solomon Thedos
Soll Tante duet
So what I say so Tante that's as well whatever I'm trying to do it so Tante
See what I what a linguist he is man. He knows that a tiny about 10 words. He knows about 20 words. That's fine. You all
Wow pretty soon. He's gonna be turning Japanese. How do you like that? 809 votes on the poll today
809
What sucks most about a. M radio? This is another one I was sending as is the one going to be for tomorrow
Which George will change the poll five or six or whenever just one of your little thing buzzes
What sucks most about a. M radio too many stupid right wing talk shows hundred E nine
Too much signal interference from other stations
138 how that's on that's the M radio for you too much static. Oh, that's
Auburn 30. I think two and three there are like you know
fairly close little little slop over like the signals not enough Neil 113
There should be Neil on every station and AM would be great
Too many Spanish language Estacion 813 that is really
And it's also that's baloney
Too many bad shows 74 that's what I voted for that's the problem at AM radio
I mean granted you've got all of the above air static and there's crap
But if there's a good show on people will they will
Make the effort to sit through all the BS if they want to hear a good show. Am I right? I think we're proof of that
Wait till we start doing some good shows too much sports talk as God
About 30 man. God. Oh, brother. Is that the truth? No good music 21. Who wants to listen to music on AM anyway
Sounds like it's coming through a strainer and I hate this pull only 11
1.3% so one of our aquatic pool of suggestions you ought to be that's a feather in your crap man
That is really heavy duty only 1.3% I hate this pull that's mighty low for this very picky crowd
1013 at 560 QM here's the schedule. We got the mad dog again today from 2 to 4 is he on all week this week
Yeah, two weeks in a row all week. Oh, holy moly
The power hour with hank in the med dog 4 to 5 hank in the Bahamas at 5 o'clock
Plunching his guts out no down 7 o'clock at 3 o'clock in hotline a game where since self-mimie followed by any K when people are still awake
Night in midnight. Well, I'm sure glad that the any K is still stuck around. He's on there like hours when people might be awake
Are we happy about that? Yes, we are no
Floridians dumb as dirt Thursday night on ESPN 4,427
It's the WCS SS the world class is he sell out slapdown
Senator harry the milling out free bases off with Joe pushes bitch weaverman
You have to slap my belly. Oh, I wouldn't want to defend you in any way. Oh
It's all right part of the game we play well if you insist
Excuse me, but now you're supposed to slap me back, right?
I believe so
Would be perfect with my decision maker
Hello, mr. President
Could I slap every read of the belly?
Yes, there
Oh, no, just one other thing
Do we still have the ten o'clock for me to buff your shoes with my tongue
Thank you sir
I love you too
Okay, harry show me a soft white underbelly
Okay
Ow
Can we go home now?
It's 1019 at 560 wq a.m. That's right. It's almost Valentine's Day is coming up
What is today? 20 is a 24. Yeah, so 7 and 4 three weeks from today. I believe is Valentine's Day
What is this message right here on Valentine's Day? This must be an ad
Be ready for several events conferences scheduled around the state. Oh, it's some kind of a come on
Well, I'll be damned. I don't want to know. Thank you. I'll pay al Paso
So anybody out there watch the president last night. Oh your president not my president
Anybody interested no 1145 members on my space you should be that that's pretty impressive
That is
You think so considering those are people that you know solicited did did
Us you solicited did not yeah, we didn't solicit any of them
And I will say even this since I have such a great sense of humor today
And that is that you know the Ojampravaka tour out there that's been playing with my emotions like first
Well, not the first one. That was a separate. That was like a real person
But like huh, and then it was Ethan
You know that that kind of crap. Uh good taste with the pictures anyway. You have a real good uh gay eye
Yeah, gay eye for the gay guy that yeah you're not fooling anybody, okay pervert
Anyway, there are a lot of perverts out there, and it's nothing wrong with that some of them I even like many of them
845 votes on the pool today. Let's take a puke out of we got a thousand like even Chris believes that no sweat definitely
What sucks most about AM radio too many stupid right-wing talk shows on 197
Of course we apologize for the redundancy about stupid right-wing talk shows
Too much signal interference from other stations 146 and too much static 138
I don't know what the differences between those two and again. I did not create this pool. I just stuck it
Another enough Neil 118 Neil should be on every station and they'd all have an 80-year
Too many Spanish language stations out of nine too many bad shows 80 that was my vote
And I think that's the correct answer being the programming mayven that I am
That's one of the reasons that not too many people isn't AM radio because most of what's on it is
strictly
positively and absolutely crap. That's the end. That's what I was looking for crap. Oh
Too much sports talk 31 no good music 21 and I hate this pool
Solamente ONCE only 1.2% Wunditi
Wow, what is this man linguistic or what he's an expert pervert
voters give mayor more power
First rated by repeated scandals and gulfing county hall in recent years day voters gave mayor Carlos Alvarez broad new power yesterday
To manage the county's sprawling bureaucracy and the officials are running the reason they gave more powers because his name ends in Z
Remember Mr. Z
I'm trying to forget him. Oh, yeah from the track. Yes, you do remember me talking about
One of the stalkers at the track. Oh, yeah, it's mr. Z. Oh, man. Everything people hate about New York City. That was him
Mr. Z with that. Oh, geez
He was like Woody oh boy
That's gonna be really bad about not taking hardly any calls in the future of next two years is not being able to talk to our good buddy
Woody, you know the goodness is I don't see the phone lines ring in anyway either so there's a couple
What do you mean you can't see me? I don't I would have to go reset this computer. Oh, don't worry about it
I already took that one call. I mean I don't even remember what that was it was on it. It was one of the one of him
It was him one of the guys. I couldn't even hear it
The victory of Alvarez's strong mirror plan a rebuker the county commission will make him want to sound food as most
Influentially this bringing policy weight and political hefty one office that was really more than ceremonial
With all ballots counted the voters passed the measure 57 to 43 percent last night turn. I was a mere 14 percent
And of course, it's easy to fix it when there's almost nobody shows up, you know
Thanks to the voters we just passed the most important legislation in this county seen in 50 years Alvarez said
Speaking to about 500 supporters shortly before 10 o'clock last night at Saint Timothy's cat-luck church in Kendall
Let me tell you about my experience at Baptist Hospital in Kendall. I better not that was when I had
Mono
Mono Mono. Oh, yeah long ago. I was at the WS news and I was living in Kendall
I didn't mind living in Kendall and took out two congested
It was and then nobody speak in English
Thank you, bro both of those things. Yeah, that's belonging. No, it's true crystal isn't kind of I understand or
Even beyond that. Oh, yeah, yeah, it's a little bit soft. Kendall crystal crystal crystal crystal
You said crystal does that I didn't know your wife. I moved out. Okay. You don't have to respond to the pay
This is not a politician signaling for change
So Alvarez headless and all new young guys out there don't ever get married. Okay. Just ask George
He'll give you a little bit of gold
Do not do it just keep getting whatever does of course she's making more money than you and you're gonna get a divorce and then try to get
Alimony like a
Yeah, that case. Yeah, that case. Grant you a shoe low and get married. I'm gonna get a dime
Are you kidding me? You did below it? He suffers from lack of ambition is what I heard be like a woman for a change and does take some money from them
Well, I'm trying to do that last part there
This is not a politician signaling for change in Alvarez who have made the straw mayor referendum as top initiatives since elected in 2004
This was the people speaking loud and queer. He said
They tightly unexpected the what does that mean tightly unexpected victory? It was type 57 to 43 percent
He was Alvarez powered a higher and fire the county manager as well as directors most of the government 66 departments
I don't understand that tight is 57 to 43
Jesus god these people are they don't know tight
Let me tell you back home
He also gains broad authority over day-to-day management of the county 6.9 billion budget and 30,000 employees
How many about third man? The ball is in the mayor's courts of councilman chairman Bruno Barreto
Is there anybody who's speaking in grace who's in the political office and date anymore?
Used to be all the Jews and all the Julios
The opposition's voice visible spokesman Bruno said I will work with him sit down with him when he's available to hear his plans
I already wants to do but it'll be put a boop at a bottom in fact
They're going to get a twin whore at the county commission. He's going to sit down next to him
And hopefully not make too much noise
Alvarez borrower and county manager George Burgess, Clifford, Iraine's Day Public Meeting 10 o'clock this morning
They're probably a meeting right now wouldn't surprise me
I have a big powwow a big confab a big go whatever big simous
Let's see there are times has an editorial on the state of the union marine dogs got a lengthy calm out where she uses the word
What is your uh
Pashmina
Sorry, is that it like a flower? I'm gonna I'm gonna look that up during the break maybe if I have time
Please I mean I don't know if that is it's something it's like something you wear
It's a piece of female clothing like a teacher. Oh, she's got a little cuckolded
Oh, no one was gilded or cuckolded or left to bleed on the floor to say she's talking about the state of view
Now miss every minute of that and I'm very pleased about that. It's pronounced cuckolded
Trust me. I know
From experience you're right
26 past 10 at your cuckolded station wqa m
You can't tell you will never get that movie. I don't get how many day go give you up grease ball
Come on. I don't know what what I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my crout mech friend
I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was come a lawyer. I have not threatened
I know almost every big lawyer. We're new young. Who the hell are you?
On the next episode of even side you a love
Gentlemen welcome the azure consultant
Yeah, I call this meeting to help bring our overall ratings down to a more
manageable
1.2
Now excuse me
There seems to be something moving in my pants
Notty. What are you doing in my pants? Thanks Greg. It's dark and smelly over here
Let me take you out and place you on this table
Thanks. Can I play with your ass tray? Oh fine fine now Bruce Beasley is here all the way from Fort Myers to
Extold his radio wisdom upon us. You have the floor Bruce. Well, thank you Mr. Reed. Hi everybody
As you know our goal is to achieve nothing by Narrow Caston only sport
That rate month we can do about that Neil Rogers since his show is the one that enables us to broadcast anything at all
But that short little old Cuban fella George
Well, he ain't no Neil Rogers now despite his consistently high ratings. He's got to go
Everything we've tried up to not have it worked
So I proposed that when Neil has his days off we use this contraption I brought along with me here
It's called a wax cylinder machine friend of mine Mr. Haney invented it a few years back
Wow, what we've done here has made a four hour long cylinder loop
That's guaranteed to drive most of the audience away
What you do is you turn this here crack candle here see
Here you go
Better than you take the job
Yeah, are you funny
Oh
You'll turn it up. Let go. Let go. I can see the numbers falling now
ah
What is he proud of saying?
I knew it. I knew for sure that was it 891 votes on a pool or we're gonna be well for 900 by the top of the hour
We're gonna be like in the stratosphere. You'll see and one of my correspondence out there says that if you like to fried
Bologna that even better than that that's bologna is fried more to dela
Okay, never try it. I never tried to fried more to dela. I do love more
You know you've talked about spam and I agree with you that it's not for humans
Are you gonna see more to dollars like spank? No, but we're talking about frying things when you fry the spam
It actually makes it uh, okay, okay? Oh
Wow, there's only one other thing I've heard about eating in the last 24 hours
That's less palatable to me than fried spam and I can't tell you what it is okay?
Okay, the editorial in the New York Times today
It says the White House spin ahead of George W Bush's seventh-save viewing address was that the president would make a bipartisan call
To be five years domestic agenda with bold and innovative concepts the problem with that was obvious last night
In six years Mr. Bush has shown no interest in bipartisanship and his domestic agenda was set years ago with huge tax cuts for wealthy Americans and crippling debt for the country
uh
Combined with the mounting cost of the war in Iraq that makes boldness and innovation impossible unless Mr. Bush truly changes course
And he gave no hint of that last night
It's steady offered up a tepid menu of ideas that would change little a health insurance notion that would make only a tiny dent in the huge problem
More promises about cutting oil consumption with barely award about global warming and the same lip service about immigration before my
Which he is fail to deliver?
At times Mr. Bush sounded almost as if he'd gotten the message of the 2006 elections
Our citizens don't much care which side of the aisle we sit on as long as we're going to cross that out when there's work to be done he said
But we've heard that from Mr. Bush before in early 2001
He promised to bring Americans together and instead embarked on his irresponsible tax cuts a divisive right wing social agenda
And neo conservative foreign policy that took up international treaties and alienated even America's closest allies
In the wake of 9-11 Mr. Bush had a second chance to run the country in the world
Only to squadron on a pointless catastrophic war in Iraq a catastrophe a disaster
Mr. Bush promised by partisanship after his reelection in 2004 and again after Katrina
Always he failed to deliver he didn't even mention New Orleans last night
When Republicans controlled Congress and the White House Mr. Bush's only real interest was in making them a majority permanent
Consultation meant telling Democrats what he had decided
Neither broken promises nor failed policies change Mr. Bush's mind
So the nation's been settled with tax cuts that are turned in a budget surplus into a big deficit
Education reform that's been badly managed under finance far right judges with scant qualifications
Needless maddling or regulations in order to benefit corporations at the expense of workers and a triumph of ideology programs
That would mean going up against the arms industry and slavvy is something Mr. Bush has never been willing to do
Mr. Bush almost certainly didn't intend it but a speech did reinforce one vital political fact that it's not just up to him anymore
There was a big change last night the audience
Instead of solid Republican majority is marching in last step with the White House
Congress is now controlled by the Democrats
It'll be their task to give leadership to a nation that desperately wants change and expect it from leaders to work together to deliver it
The Democrats' challenge will be to form real coalitions and willing Republicans if they do Mr. Bush may be even forced finally to compromise
Say what you will about the flaws and shortcomings of the two-party system after six years of the birth presidency
At least we know it's a lot better than the one-party system
Cute New York Times ripping him an ass. There's John Kerry speaking of ass
But a beep at a beep but about the only one to put him on because he's a coma inducing well
You know I voted for him and so did more people than voted for Bush
But as beside the point the election was rigged get used to it rigged elections
Well, there's a story about that Mike
Knife on Borum County district attorney Mike Knife on you notice that guy there
I don't know who that is that's not him but the guy with the glasses. That's not Mike Knife on is it?
I don't know maybe he never saw father Gagan it does a little bit
Maybe he's been resurrected father Gagan. He's written risen from the dead
I know a man those Catholics couldn't arise it up
What is this that somebody just said more time to cross safely in Delray is urged
Carol martyr who lives west of Delray beach contact with the son central about safety and crossing
Busy Atlantic Avenue to reach your place of worship. Oh my oh my god
martyr said that on the Sabbath and holidays residents of the sky and Marano condominium communities put their lives in danger
You if you put your life in danger you might get hit by a stranger
You know what i'm thinking that's more to tell a baby
Although there are traffic signals east and west of the area that pedestrians use the cross Atlantic Avenue
Mortar wishes the lights one which is at legends way could be time to give her another's more time to cross
As they're sloughing across the street very slowly
She said it rather recently passed her within inches
If an Austrian cross button what a shame and pedestrian cross button would not help margarine this situation
Because religious beliefs do not allow the manipulation of electricity
Oh, how do you like that? I mean they can't turn the lights on and on you can't
Potsky around with the lights here. What if you use a stick
Well, I tell you where to stick it back don't say that so when you're crossing the streets in Delray
What if you just put just dart right across there? Okay, just roll just do a roll over right across the street
Just have somebody schlep you across they just drag you tie one of those a Sodom ropes those Sodomy ropes
917 votes on a pole by the way not too shabby
The way he wears his head
That's still your lightstick
Oh
He'll make you feel like a child
Oh get ready for more Donald Trump his fancy pet house sweet
His pet is your two feet
I wonder who he'll dump
On the apprentice to with Donald Trump
Who will be this season's tomorrow's I wish they bring back sale
No matter who makes it through Trump won't give a damn
He'll make him look like swine
Through Georgian carolite
He'll make him want a child
Yeah, that's the magic day
Donald Trump
A 200-poly
eight
How long
Oh, there's a
That's B.C.
He's back on your TV
He's got a big old run
Back to him
Trump has over
Lepo Z
Still wins your that's
And why he hits us
He comes back
Because he's Donald Trump
We will never know
Why it would be like to have a boy
He wrote house
What to be in bed with that hot
Moan you can now
Oh, the way he wears his hair
That's still he blue like sand
He'll make you feel like a child
Oh, yes get ready for more Donald Trump
On 200-poly
eight
1046 and of course what's to like and I'm saying who needs them
Clubman Dread
940 but I used to be a great station when I worked there
W.I.N.Z.
10,000 Watts right there in the middle of the dial
Whoa is it 10 or 50,000 I think it's 50, you know
I really don't know I think it's the best AM signal in the entire state of Florida
Although I was working at night though
Until I got a forced in to pull me on the daytime
I was working eight to midnight and boy that signal at night time
Because it's about 85 different towers every scene the towers out there and what is that is that girl city
Yeah, we see him from here. You can't see him from there. Are you kidding me?
That's right. It's not too far right up the road
She's still seeing
Well, I'll be dead. Oh, I would be heading home which at that time I lived in the Pemberpines and Villas lakes
And I'd be headed home at night and Bill Carter be on him at night and I couldn't hear the station
I would head out the parking lot and take my right turn and I couldn't hear the damn station will be
Oh, so anyway if you're wondering what's wrong with AM radio 940 votes on there
And what is shame that W Y and Z has been turned into all those different things first aid
That was the cheap channel man destroying radio as we knew it. That's what's that's the main thing wrong with the AM radio
Is corporate ownership. Let's put that on there all right corporate ownership man cheap channel
We don't have to put cheap channel owners specifically, but they are the antichrist of radio
W Y and Z and that was uh was our FX Fox sports and then
In fact, what was it before that?
Because remember Rick and scud were on there in the morning and Mr. Ego and they tried to make it into like a local talk station
You realize I want to tell you this right now, okay
Mark it down right on your limperist like it but now that this show
I'm trying to think there I mean FTL doesn't count it's not even the market
It's like a Palm Beach or something like that and they had like a point something point. Oh, oh, oh
There's no other
Non sports talk show on the radio in South Florida in data browser. Am I right? No, I know that for what other
And it's just done that man. I must be slow, you know, I'm at the flow maybe too much right more than Ella
You think that the market would be wide open for a local talk station
There is not one other local non sports talk show in South Florida. I mean of course I'm talking about non-Synakin
I'm not talking about rush and all that other right wing cramp. I'm talking about a local
Non sports talk show we have no local
What are you thinking oh my god
So anyway marine down's got the word she's got not only cuckolded how is it cuckolded cuckolded
What does that mean?
When your wife cheats on you you're a cuckold. It's a kind of
Gelded or cuckolded well we get to our article a minute
But she also you because she always uses these words in there which I can't pronounce right on what they mean and again knowing the rocket scientists
I am in the national honor society a student that I was 400 years ago. I'm supposed to have been a genius. What happened?
Pasch mean is an almost generic name for accessories made from a type of mole hair
Mole hair
Now I know where he got that piece. It was a Pasch mean
Oh
Here maybe he sold his hair the more hair he put on there the more ridiculous it looked
Oh, sorry mole. He's listening right now. Sorry go on face a majron. It's a beautiful day
I'm sure it is here man the sun is shining. It's only like minus three or four something like that like in the 20s
Made from a type of moja that's obtained from a special breed of goat. Hey you old goat
Indigenous still have the dudes of the Himalayan range bevel of Asia the name comes from Pasch mean and made from Persian
Wool
Wool the special goats fleece has been up for thousands of years to make high quality shals that also bear the same name the Himalayan mountain goat
Kappa Herkus
Sheds its winter coat every spring and the fleece is caught on thorn bushes
One goat sheds approximately three to eight ounces of the fiber villages were scoured the mountain side for the finest fleece to be used
Cashmere shals have been manufactured in cashmere. Remember that expression that they use in Norway cashmere in Tulsa
Mm-hmm and Nepal for thousands of years but the Indians never called them pasch mean it
They were properly called cashmere wool shals the test array quality
Pasch mean has been warmth feel and the passing the shawl through a wedding ring
Passing the shawl through a wedding ring
Well, I must have some big fat
Fat
Pasch mean is an indigenous Nepali word which only became popular after the so called mean so named shals woven in the pal start becoming popular in the West
What are commonly thought of as Pasch mean is have the origin in Nepal where they people have a cultural heritage of hand weaving
Pasch mean is shals within the with the well-known fringing and hand dying
I'm dying on the hand. There you go. That's Pasch mean
But we're gonna have to start doing this going and they're going on to the
Internet right and the finding out the meaning of all these words that she uses because more in doubt
Says a case of hearing without listening her comments on your president's grotesque state of the onion message last night
Didn't didn't see a word of it didn't hear a word. I don't want to know from it
I want to see from him. He gives me spilties
She says madam speaker didn't lean over and point the president on the head with her gaville or Garrett him with a red-pash meaner
No one was gathered or cuckolded or left to bleed how you say cuckled it
Cuckled it or left to bleed on the floor of the Senate as HBO's Rome as in that thing that other grays
Saga made a climbing up her with people who can't stop talking
Still the nation's capital had the aroma of treachery as former allies brutally turned on one another
Despite W's attempt to salvage his presidency last night by changing the subject and going all the most extensive
Washington was more consumed would be trailed and substance
The city was riveted by opening statements in the scooter liby trail where the aspirin were turning but not in clusters
Scooter's lawyer claimed that the White House had made his client a scapegoat in the Valerie Plan case to protect Carl Rowe because
Boy geniuses W calls him was critical of keeping the Republican Party in power
In light of the 2006 debacle of White House might have been better off saving Scooter and making Carl the fall guy
Vice got an extra dose of unflattering lime like the mid-day view issue of the Politico by Capitol Hill publication and an interview with Roger Simon
John McCain stopped pandering to the White House long enough to land-based Dick Cheney for stirring a witches brew of a terribly
Misshandled war what took the very senator so long
The president listened too much to the vice president. He said adding of course the president bears the ultimate
Responsibility, but he was very badly served by both the vice president and most of all the secretary of defense
At a critical hearing yesterday senators happily blew a chance to grill Lieutenant General David Petraeus W. choice to try to rescue Iraq
And whether there was 21,500 additional troops will be cavalry to the rescue or lambs to the slaughter
Lightwell on the most consequential elements of American strategy when they can linger over something even more repressive
their own political reputations
Swoloried Clinton who dodged the recent important Iraq hearing by flying to Iraq didn't have any questions at all for the general
She simply lectured and crisply on her related discovery that the administration is a dead end and a blank check policy
As she tried to seem like a kind of gallop could command the most powerful military on earth
This is odd from someone who's running information on their website promising a conversation
And their questioning senator Julie Berman and Mr. McCain seemed most interested in listing the general prestige for their own campaign
Or to discredit colleagues and both parties who are tired of passively watching W's disaster unfold
If the Senate sends the additional troops with conveys of belief they can't succeed Mr. McCain as what effect does that have on the morale of your troops
It would not be a beneficial effect the general replied
Senator Julie Berman also asked whether the Senate resolution expressing disapproval of the surge will give the enemy the Iraq encouragement that the American people were
The general agreed that's correct sir he said
Absolutely correct
Much of the rest of the hearing was slaughtered and attenced by Democrats and Republicans who had criticized the word against the general to back away from his opinion
That the troops would be hurt in the enemy and bolden by any impediment that the legislative branch might throw it away
Honorable people have different views and they'll voice their criticism to try to John Warner who presented a bipartisan resolution on Monday
Declarating that the Senate disagrees with the plan to augment our forces
He told General Patreous that his president Nixon secretary of the Navy he had said where the general was
Justifying another impossible war. I hope he warned the witness that this colloquy is not in track you in summer spouses
They you might later regret in other words as we would say to Greg Reed liar liar your pantaloons are on fire
The fact that senator Warner attacked the surge in a formal way means that a substantial majority of the senator
Wanting to stick their next out
It's to be just like Sodomhead to it's the beginning of a slow process of recession to limit spending on the war and rain in mr
Bush
As one doesn't a job interview the general tried to oblige everyone after getting caught in a political minefield
He'd you murder that he had learned that mine fields are best avoided and gone around rather than walk through
The poor man he probably thought that he came all this way to talk about how to fight the war not to talk about
Not how to talk about the war
Well, what a good reading right up until I last sense well
It's like blowing a punchline in the joke, you know, it's really good right up until the very very ass-in
That's below the the ass-in hey listen trust me. It's not okay. It's not Oscar Meyer
Let me ask you a question about that
That's the second thought maybe I better not 963 hosts on the poll not too shabby man
And we had corporate ownership to
Corporate or look at that China crashes what is that 15% of all global road fatalities and the government says most to court
What kind of a voices that besides one that doesn't belong on here one of those
Constipated British sounding voices. They don't want to hear that in North America
Okay, we don't want to hear constipated sounding brits because they give us the schmitz
The big name self-best talent to the thesis you know what it is
That's 60
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your point
Any questions?
Tonight on dady job
I'm at the Mill Air Force base in Tampa the Central Command Center for Wars. We wage in the Middle East with me is general a
I'm old is that it? Yes, sir first initial a
Oh, I see okay. I'm surrounded by impressive, but very clean control panels and viewers screens
It doesn't look like I'm gonna get too dirty here. You'll feel plenty dirty when you're done explain what we're gonna do
Okay, we're gonna we're gonna bomb Somalia and start with called a proxy war Somalia since when are they a threat?
Not a threat. We just got word. They got oil. Oh, I should have guessed the president ordered this
Yes, sir. Is any supposed to ask Congress first?
No, okay, okay. We deployed a nace 130
It's now approaching the target now. What is the target? Oh, just something in its its civilians
Try that's not right. No, no, no, no, no, don't worry about that. We got our media on standby to say it's an alcatas
Something like that great. Well, what exactly is my 30 job today?
You just push that gold button when I give the order this button here. Yes, sir. Push it now
Nice see that's green over there the rain's great. Yeah, we just fired upon that bill
I'd say there's so 20 or so dead
Including one little boy. See there. Take a look our satellite zoomed in on the boys green and mother
Make you proud to be an American don't it?
You all right, I think I wrote a few
supremacist gatherings to glow
No, that's a dirty job
It's 1102 at 560 WKM happy Wednesday to you mad dog at two and then the power hour and then the humber act of Gulfstream
What thought did I read that wrong before?
Well, that's right tomorrow. He's in the Bahamas. I was reading tomorrow's schedule. Well, I'll be damned
I'm trying to push the week ahead. You know, I was trying to make it in the Thursday when I say you know
I'll be damned hump or right there Gulfstream 57 any case seven attend night
Yeah, I read tomorrow's schedule on there and Clarence didn't come running and saying what's he reading on here?
That's not the schedule. He didn't do that. Did he know Miguel did
Get out of here. Yeah, so let's correct you next time you read it wrong
Miguel really did yep, but I didn't hear you the first time and I didn't hear you this time
Because you're not paying any attention because there's sports shows and you want to participate because you were hard to ask
That's all what?
977 votes on the pool now somebody's got another category for the pool here, which I think is an excellent choice too many
Religious station. Oh, yeah, which I would say oh, you vase is Christ. Oh god. That's right
Too many damn get-t-tations man too many religious stations a.m. Is becoming a cap any of swill is what it's become
See, I'm old enough. I'm an old fart. So I remember the day when a.m. used to be great
WLS W ABC W R K. Oh W B Z W C K L W all of these things
In fact wouldn't surprise me if I got some C K L. W. Of course we do have some C K W
C K L W yes to do
Eagles C K L W
What town sound
From 77 W ABC go
Gold so I mean you know the punks today they can't imagine there were once upon a time everybody listening and because
FM in the first place didn't exist and then when it finally did exist
Although FM was always there, but there was like
In fact when I was a kid I had this big table model of Philco radio big white radio
Okay, and it was a n FM and short wave
Yeah, and you can hear like radio Moscow and all this really the voice of America on shortwave and it was really
It's kind of sounded like our signal today, you know, I had a little short wave set there for a while underwater and on FM
There was just I don't remember what that was on there basically nothing like maybe classical music or some crap like that
93 on the pool we're gonna have a thousand before the Obama there or maybe after the next break
There's your president again. They're all high fiveing and shaking hands
They ought to be like spitting in his face and you butcher a murderer you lunatic and instead they're all
That's America for you man. It's a very sad
Here's some good news though
Democrats took the first step to a wartime repudiation of president Bush today convening a Senate committee on
Implement of additional troops to a rather sangar in the plumber of additional troops to racket is nothing in the national interest
Well, this is also chopped off well as you're you know something it's CNN. There's nothing I can do about that
All I can do is the best I can
In addition, which for the price that the audience is paying to hear the show, which is nothing
Whatever they get look at that right direction 67 percent wrong direction 27
Bush policies will move country and other speech watchers. Oh brother
Of course, you know who the people are who watch the speech don't you that's right who kisses ass
We better be damn sure we know what we're doing all of us before we put 22,000 more Americans into that grinder
said sender Chuck Hagle of Nebraska
Senator Joe Biden to Delaware the parent panel chairman said the legislation is not an attempt to embarrass the president
It's an attempt to save him from making a mistake with regard to our policy in our rack another mistake
Listen a month after taking control of Congress there was little doubt that immigrants had the votes to prevail
The full senate schedule began to debate on the measure next week although Biden said he's wanting to negotiate changes and the audio
The audio whatever so there you go so they're finally starting to stick it to it do it do it now
Okay stop the butcher we stopped the lunacy now if those smart dads over there want to kill each other let him have a good time
It's just like in the middle of the same thing if he is really in the Palestinians want to kill each other
Hey have a good time gigasinter hey does they say in China right
Is that what they say all the time?
By the way he's got a buddy in China that he can
Confamilates with on what oh Yahoo messenger
You're on Yahoo messenger just for that occasion my you better not stick your nose in my Yahoo messenger
And my buddy Brandon iron their Chris what I'm doing that we're doing at the aim now we aim to aim my chat cup run it over
So don't worry
Yeah, well don't don't be a try to interrupt there because I'm getting all that stuff about more to Della and fried that's
Blownie yeah, stuff like that
Important stuff, you know
Anyway, let's get back to let's get back to business, okay
Love and oh six at five sixty WQA 1145 members in the my space thing
Well, that's really amazing and let me just let me just make a little statement here just in the side
It's not a big deal and well to me it is a very big deal
But I've got all these naysayers out there everybody's an expert and I'm including some people that I know
Some of my close personal friends who have said to me oh nobody ever makes a friend on my space online like that, you know
Anyone know what my response to them is
That's belonging. That's my response
I got two wonderful friends on there two great friends to close so close that it's almost embarrassing and
Just it's a major miracle
So actually there are some nice people in South Florida and you have to sit through about you know two three thousand and you find one or two nice one
so there's a good word like
There are a lot of nice people and have been on our thing there believe me trust me nice messages people who listen for years and years and it's a wonderful and and I'm back to answering every one of them
Very briefly
Well, I'm not gonna spend hours every day. I don't have my time. I don't have hours every day
I'm too busy on a day and AOE will instant messenger now
Bapapapa, bapapapa, beep beep oh brother. It's okay kill some good time and it also keeps you from eating
You ever stop and think about that?
They could probably frap some baloney and more to Delaware your instant messaging.
I never thought about that.
King.
Howard Hunt is dead.
That's good news.
What a slime ball he was.
In fact, there are always, I don't think there's anything about here about his alleged
rule.
Oh, yeah, it isn't here.
E Howard Hunt, an enigmatic figure in 20th century American political sub-diffuge, has
died at the age of 88.
The AP says boy 88.
See, the people I can't lift, 88.
Hunt went a key role in the Watergate, which helped break in.
They led to the eventual resignation of Richard Nixon, succumbed after a lengthy bout of pneumonia
of the AP quoted this on Austin, or some people would say, pneumonia.
Aside from his pardon, Watergate Hunt was a WW2 veteran long-time officer in the CIA and
a prolific author of spy novels.
According to an online biography in 1951, he hired William F. Buckley, Jr. as a CIA agent
working with the Mexican student movement.
Buckley and Hunt remained lifelong friends.
Remember William F. Buckley?
Yeah.
What a country.
The people are sure are important to that guy.
Earlier this month, Ross Story reported on Hunt's upcoming book in which he speculates
that President Lyndon B. Johnson may have played a key role in the assassination of President
Kennedy.
Hunt was often implicated himself by conspiracy theorists for having a part in the assassination.
That's what I was going to say.
E Howard Hunt.
So there you go.
Another one that was lunatics in American history.
Roy Cohen is dead, Gay Edgar Hoover.
He's dead.
Joe McCarthy is dead.
See that?
Dick Nixon.
He's dead.
Ronnie Ray Gunn.
He's dead.
Here's a really good story for all you dog lovers out there.
Pet shop owner creates beer for dogs.
There's ice cream for dogs.
Yes, there is.
All the tiny used to love that.
It's oskey pies.
Frosty, that's the one.
That's what tiny used to love.
You know what?
The favorite thing we used to do is get a can of whipped cream like we would put on strawberries
or stuff like that and take you can a whipped cream and take it out of the refrigerator.
He would come running like a man when you shake it up and then when you hit the nozzle
and nothing coming out of you but we would make that sound you know that he would just
go bananas.
Just going our dogs hates that sound.
Does he really?
Any kind of compressed air sound like that?
Well, it's a little things you're saying.
Well, it's because you probably think you're farting.
Yeah, that must be it.
He likes that.
Of course, we all know that dogs don't fart.
We're out.
Oh, even the five-pound homeradians.
It's got a picture here beneath a five-year-old true-hour drinking beer from a bowl in the
southern town of Holst, Netherlands.
This of course as you would expect is a needle on the lawn in Holland.
All those perverts over there, I love it.
Terry Burnd and a pet shop owner in the town of Zellheim created a non-octolic beer for
the Y-Morning Dog made from beef extract and malt.
After a lot of this is from Amsterdam.
And Chris has been in Amsterdam but you weren't watching dogs drink beer though, were
you?
I bet you were probably drinking some of your own.
Yes.
You know, it's amazing to me when you get up, of course you don't get up in the morning
if you're smart there.
You get up at least at noon.
But if you get up in the morning at like 9, 9, 30, 10 o'clock and you're walking around,
look at the grasshopper there right by all day.
Red light district.
Kind of like the entrance way from the dam rack to the red light district and all that
perversion.
Oh my God, so much perversion, thank God.
And the grasshopper, which is very popular bar, and there are all these, especially the
brits, but others as well, and the German.
Well, Germans drink beer for breakfast.
And at 9, 30 and 1, they're already boozing them up, you know?
And so they ask brits.
Because the one thing that the brits love to do, they come to Amsterdam and loud and drunk.
They have to be the loudest of drunkest.
You know, the, what do we call the neck?
What do we call those people?
Thick necks.
Oh, oh, yeah.
I'm talking about what they do.
They take their heads.
Sure.
Those are the brits for the most part to come to Amsterdam on the weekends.
And they make a nuisance of themselves and I hate them like poison.
Anyway, after a long day of hunting, there's nothing like wrapping your paw around a
cold bottle of beer, it says.
So Terry Berndon, a pet shop owner in the southern Dutch town of Zellheim, created a beer
for Hawaiian marinas made from beef extract and malt.
Once a year, we go to Austria to hunt with our dogs and at the end of the day, we sit
on the veranda and drink a beer.
So we thought my dog has also earned what she said.
Berndon can side the local brewery to make and bottle the non-apka-holic beer brand.
It is Crispel beer.
K-W-I-S-P-E-L-B-I, Crispel beer.
It was introduced at the Market Alliance.
We can't advertise as a beer for your best friend.
Crispel is the dust word for wagging a tail as in two shakes of a dog's tail.
Now, how come they ever said two shakes of a dog's tail?
Why is it two shakes of a lamb's tail?
How about two shakes of an elephant's tail?
The beer is fit for human consumption, Berndon said.
But a $1.65-year-old bottle, that's $2.165-year-old, it's $2.114-centre-bomb.
It's about four times more expensive than a hienicon.
So eating a chai thing.
Now, that's the kind of thing that we do with our dogs.
I think that most people are like that, including me.
You'll lavish all kinds of generosity on your dogs.
But for people, you know, who gives a crap?
Am I right?
In fact, I know a lot of people are feeding their dogs better than they eat their own diet.
I wouldn't be surprised if there were a lot of people out there eating fried mordadella
while they're feeding filet mignon to their pets.
That's belonging.
Oh, and look what we got on the pool.
This is what a great day it's going to be with by.
And everybody should wish me a good machine mind.
A thousand votes on the pool.
Just as I looked over there.
Anything that's a really good old man?
Yes it is.
I think I'm going to find the big machine.
Maybe I'll play the, what you call today?
The mega box with a $4.4 million jackpot.
If George is here tomorrow, you'll know I want.
Flash and Max!
New Unfox from the creators of Dancing with the Star.
Everything you do just captivates us.
It's drinking with the stars, starring Danny DeVito and all I have to do.
A fine, fine, fine individual.
Listen, any publicity is good publicity.
You got to learn to eat it up and embrace it and say,
this show is going to ruin the music in the swing.
Drinking with the stars, act with more of the celebrity shame we need to make us feel better about ourselves.
You're going to love us, we're going to see what we're talking about.
Tonight on Fox.
No, I knew it was the last seven lemon cellars that was going to get me.
And I love it.
That's the lonely.
And this business with lemon cellos, every spot now they're talking about lemon cellos.
I don't even know what the hell it is.
I don't know if you know really?
No, what about you Chris, are you in the lemon cellos?
No.
How about lemon gel?
Okay.
Which is really easy to take that press on any freezing and put that in the cello.
Oh yeah, I'm jealous.
Glitter.
Keep that in mind, okay?
Just, just, just, I thought about it.
I bet you did.
More than once.
1118 at 560 WQM or having fried more to Delafor lunch.
What's on the, oh, I bet you was sure how Wednesday today.
Yes, it was.
And what did you guys get?
You get to finish.
I was sure it's some chicken fingers because we're off the menu.
Delafor's overdoing it.
So, so we're cut out.
But he did share his food with us.
Did I hear you correctly?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, let me tell you what that is.
That's below me.
That's not my answer.
We have our own means, ways and means.
I don't understand.
I mean, you gave them some nice plugs and everything else.
We loved our hut, right?
They don't love you.
Well, no, I don't know what, if anything, it has to be the best.
You felt that he was overdoing the volume.
Oh, he felt.
He felt that he was overdoing the volume.
That sounds to me like that whole syndrome all over again.
About let's get the tapes on and George is a jackass.
What?
I mean, he feels like poison.
And let's not feed George.
Why does Chris have to suffer because everybody hates you?
That's a very good point.
He should probably disassociate himself with me as much as possible.
I heard that Chris hates you too.
Did that right, Chris?
I loved George.
No.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, I'm so sorry.
I just don't know me that I saw that picture of Chris that you
semi-stay.
Why did you do that?
I see how you love Chris.
I don't think he loves you or he wouldn't have semi-stay.
I love Chris.
That's a very unflattering picture.
I'm not saying that the word of honor
is what you're coming up.
Flattering picture.
But that's a very, very, unflattering picture.
It looks like a fat tub.
I'll lose my mate, man.
He's lost 35 pounds of his.
That's a lie.
He's losing it like crazy.
You and me, it's both, man.
How he motivated to lose that weight
and look and feel great.
Wait till you hear this.
It's some part grows to make English official.
Don't get any blick.
Well, I wonder if they've heard about this in Dave County.
The push to make English the nation's official language
is building Moe, Mentum.
The congressional bill on the horizon
seven states pushing legislation to make English
the official language or strengthen laws already in place.
There's been so much.
Let me say it again.
There's been such strong supports
that represent a Steve King Iowa Republican
and it's gaining Moe.
Moe.
But the door door door.
Mentum.
Mr. King's expected next month
to be introduced to English language unity
acquiesce to make English the nation's official language.
However, he said the timetable had been postponed
until House Speaker Nancy Pelosi
could complete the Democrats' first 100 hours agenda.
Nancy Pelosi has us under martial law, he says.
The states have been wonderful on this.
Jim Boulet, Jr.
sounds French to me.
Jim Boulet.
Ah, Poulet.
Executive of We We?
I can't say that.
Executive Director of English First
and Organization that supports making English
the official language.
The problem isn't getting bills passed.
It's getting them enforced.
Mr. Boulet described Mr. King's bills as a good first step.
In the last session of Congress, Mr. King
drafted similar legislation in Canada 160 co-sponsors
placing the bill on the top 2% of co-sponsored legislation.
Although, controller congresses switched hands,
the bills advocates say the issue has broad bipartisan support.
We don't necessarily expect them to jump in
and say they support this unanimously.
Said Rob Tunkle, spokesman for US English Inc.
A group that supports making English the official language.
The legislation would not bar private businesses
or individuals from using multi-langual material,
but it does seek to provide federal funds
from being spent on such efforts.
Multilingual.
Mr. King has long been an advocate of English language laws.
In 2007 as a state senator, Mr. King
authored a successful bill making English
the official language in Iowa.
Oh my God, your people better stay out of Iowa
and say that right now.
Sorry, right people.
Bill signed by then Governor Tom Vilsack,
who's now a virtually obscure and unheard of candidate
for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Mr. King on January 10 filed a lawsuit in state district court
in Iowa against Governor Czech Culver
and Secretary of State Michael Moro, both Democrats,
for violating Iowa's English language law.
The lawsuit accuses Mr. Culver
who served as Secretary of State before running for governor
and Mr. Moro, illegally placing
voter registration forms and absentee valid request forms
on Iowa's Secretary of State's website and foreign languages.
Meanwhile, English language laws have been introduced
by state legislators in Georgia, Kansas, Kentucky,
Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, and Oklahoma.
Similar legislation is expected to be introduced
now to states before the end of the month.
Call Pepper County in Virginia and Cabarras County
in North Carolina.
That's not by you, is it?
I forget.
Have introduced the wrong English language proposals as well.
Well, who the hell in the North Carolina wants to speak
peek at a pan?
You've told me you've got a lot of people.
You've got a lot of people.
No, no, no.
What I said was there were a lot of beaters
doing a lot of day labor.
Now, in our particular area, yeah,
there's a Cuban's buying up property and stuff.
But guess what?
I think they speak English.
You people are reproducing like the Muslims.
They know stuff.
Last month, voters in Arizona passed legislation
making English, the states of his language
by margin are more than two to one.
The people have been well out of the politicians
on this one for a long time.
Mr. Boulay said, I wonder if he's
going to Robert Boulay.
He's need that.
Robert Coulay, I don't know.
I don't think he is.
I don't really care.
His music.
I mean, he's a great voice.
That's a trap.
It's not my cup of tea.
Sorry.
Although immigration legislation remains
stalled in the halls of Capitol Hill,
some supporters of making English the official language
say that ambiguity had a set unsforeseen benefits.
I in essence had a record number of people
applying for citizenship last year.
Mr. Tungkull said, the Department of Homeland Security
citizenship, and by the way, this must be another fire
drill.
I know whether it's today or tomorrow between 10
and New York.
It could happen any second.
Is that Thursday?
Well, it's a Robert Boulay.
So I figured, there he is.
No, you can't.
Yes, I can.
No, you can't.
Yes, I can.
All right, nothing.
Is that more Robert Boulay?
Yeah.
I had more in here than I thought I did.
Well, I'm so sorry that I have the soldier.
I thought I had none.
Don't get it.
Don't be afraid of.
Woo.
Forget it.
Forget it.
OK, enough with her.
The Department of Homeland Security's citizenship
immigration services said there was an 18% increase
in request for citizenship application during the first
time of last year compared with 2005.
Similar surges have followed a tightening
illegal alien laws passed in states
such as Arizona, California.
After California passed its Prop 187 in 1996,
a total of over 378,000 people were naturalized.
That was more than double the previous year's figure.
This is the strongest push for official English legislation.
I've seen in 15 years, the US English
chairman, moral e muhika.
MUJIC, a muhika, right?
Sure, whatever.
I hope to jumpstart that decisions
receive will pay dividends in the near future
by making English official language.
And knocking down the lingua.
We're doing it with the amount of people.
Well, he wasn't.
Why does he cut them off at around that morning show?
OK, we've got like that.
We've got like that.
There's five times more to be done.
Who cares, OK?
Thing.
So let them come in and share for crying out loud.
They ought to be honored to be on before us.
Just imagine if we had any number leading in there,
we'd probably have a 40-year.
Just a joke there, Kenny, don't get uptight now.
But like I said, 1,025 votes on the pool.
What sucks the most about AM radio?
Too many stupid right wing talk shows, 233, AM and of that.
Too much signal interference from other studios, 178,
and too much static 164, which I think
is all basically the same category.
It's like, like that.
That's AM radio.
Not enough Neil 135.
Which I'll lose all the rest of this way, man.
Then there definitely will not be enough Neil.
I'm going to be so slim and spelt, man.
I'm going to be irresistible.
Anybody buy that?
Not even me.
Too many Spanish language stations, 132.
Too many bad shows, 101.
I mean, that's obvious.
If there were good shows, people would even listen to the static.
Too much sports talk, 33.
No good music, 25.
I hate this pool only 14, 1.3%.
I think we might set a record on that today.
Nice going.
Corporate ownership, 6, and too many religious
and staciones, sedimentic quadrups.
Fake short gasms.
I fake four points.
It's a form I can't believe I'm a world with Tyson.
My God, it's a form of guilt.
So...
Types of God are as you understand, but knife
when God's far as God came and there is sea.
He didn't try to fight, and what put up a fight?
He smelled like we promise had to be.
Too good.
Mike, Tyson is a man.
Bet you're back.
I'll show you know the red.
Bet you're back.
Violet, cylinder, press, and he bunches so bright, he's dead.
But I'm not good at test.
I'm slow going with test, I'll take.
I'm a man, there is only driving reckless me.
He almost sideswits a full east car.
Hey, cat a bag of powder balance on his knee.
A witness standing, a cocaine jar.
That's forming Mike, Tyson is a wreck.
Bet you're back.
Me, so mental health, Chad.
That's a fact for a decent and in snake.
If he weren't green, he'd look just like Shrek.
Wait, wait, wait, what would you say?
I would look just like Shrek.
Because that's our number four, and then we'd tell him
that we're Mike Tyson.
And I'm out of the box.
We're a mum, a love world, and the fight of him
and a Shrek, that's a green monster person.
Then I swear it always was not making any sense.
The former champ keeps demanding sea.
When he smiles, he looks like a picket.
Then he told cops to call Robin Givin.
I love Robin Mike, Tyson is a wreck.
That's a fact for a decent and in snake.
That's a fact for a decent and in snake.
And he punches a brother each day.
Whatever, I got told you before I longed to go to test his snakes.
As he uses whenever he can't score.
But that's not our thing.
Because he is broke.
That's a fact.
There is no one he won't need it anymore.
Because cops caught Mike Tyson with gold.
It was in Christmas.
27, I'll do it at 5.60.
Here's a fact from Paul in the Gables, who says,
Alignment cello is a recent less than 21 years.
First of all, that's not the way you would say it anyway.
Alignment cello.
Alignment cello.
Limon cello.
Limon cello is a recent less than 20 year
of your introduction to the Italian liquor scene.
It originates from the Sorrento area, or a V,
as that is a primary source of lemons and oranges.
It's easy to make.
I hear there's a lot of fruit and some rinders,
what I've been told.
It's easy to make yourself high ever,
so it's not necessary to buy it.
It's very, very sweet.
It's sweet, served chilled.
I keep it in the freezer, says Paul.
And it's basically lemon essence, 81 proof alcohol,
and sugar, azucara, and cedacruz would say,
if she still could.
Our good friend, cedacruz.
I am cedacruz and I am dead now.
Yeah, we know.
Let's keep it that way.
It says, it is excellent.
In my opinion, it's an after-do drink
or to cleanse the palate between courses
makes a fantastic sorbet.
Cleans the palate.
Right.
It goes down easy.
Oh, I know a lot of people like that.
And it's easy to get hammered on the stuff
because people don't realize it's 60-duty proof.
It is very, very lemony.
So like after you drink it, you're all puckered up.
You don't do it like that.
Mm-hmm.
Like if you eat it like,
see, I have it every one of those people.
I don't know why I do it.
It's a bad habit.
It's bad for your teeth and probably your gum is too.
But I like to chew ice.
I always die coaxies that I would mine.
Whatever.
I like to do that to it.
I like chewing on the ice, man.
You're probably really bad for your teeth.
But I don't really care.
I see if I care.
Oh, I don't.
I enjoy it.
It's one of those things.
I'm old and cranky and whatever,
and I'll do whatever the hell I want.
And maybe I'll go to Serminto.
Get some more travel tips.
Let's see how we're doing here.
1,040 votes on the pool.
I'm not going to keep breathing.
It's not a very exciting pool,
but we still got over 1,000 votes.
It's not really like sexy or like erotic or exciting
or like what do you think about?
It's what it is.
How many years ago did I say AM radio was dead?
Any about 30 minutes?
For a long time.
That's another reason.
It's a miracle that we're still pumping out the hits,
baby, on this show.
We're still cranking it out.
AM radio is dead than a door nail.
And all these stations, all these make believe stations.
And one day they were religious in the next day.
They're playing like top 40 from 80 years ago.
And the next day they're playing Caribbean melodies.
Whatever the hell they're doing.
I wonder what this station's going to be in the future.
Sold.
Would you ask me a question?
I give you an honest opinion.
I mean, I'm not saying like this year.
Oh, too.
Somebody's going to come in there and bite
and write me a check and pay me off my contract
so I can travel the world.
Sounds like a wonderful fantasy to me.
Let's see.
For your info, Fadden Ugly Jim DeFetus has a morning show on 940.
Oh, yeah, that's a real, oh,
when you stop, you people, you idiots out there.
That's a show.
Fadden Ugly Jim DeFetus has got a face for another planet.
And I thought he was going to say, what's that?
They show him on the news.
I forget what you're saying.
He does special reports not unlike Alessandro and what not.
Oh, yeah.
I don't like Alessandro more ways than that.
Just bigger ham hocks and more fat.
God, Jim DeFetus.
Yeah, he's got a, I'm talking about a regular,
you know what I'm talking about.
Don't give me the script, my info.
It's probably from him.
As Tiny would have said,
F. Mayor of Talkshow host Jim DeFetus, who the hell you can?
And by the way, don't blow your brains out there.
Oh, sorry, too late.
State the union not so healthy, rights well than burger.
And the smirking chimp.
He says, this year, State of the Union speech promised
little and delivered less.
Bush has no domestic policy thought with which to press
the few Y and policies he mentioned, one.
And no more intention of pushing for energy independence now
than the previous five times he's mentioned it.
And his credibility in the areas where he continues
to enjoy considerable power, foreign and military policy
continues to fade.
It did.
The most recent pull show his even most,
even his most dependent supporters are beginning to peel off.
They're peeling it and the banana too.
That makes him more dangerous rather than less,
but it moves his comments on the subject
from the category of rhetorically crippled into white noise.
Healthcare reform was supposed to be a significant part
of the speech.
It wasn't.
The reason is that the administration
proposed a sketchy week and curiously vindictive.
According to the White House, the tax cover individuals
and families with health insurance
will bring fewer than 10% of uninsured Americans into the fold.
They acknowledge that rising costs will lead up
the entire break within a decade or less.
And that the likely immediate result,
the intended immediate result, is that Americans will get
their health insurance through their jobs,
will switch to high deductible, less comprehensive insurance,
leaving themselves open to the sort of back breaking medical
expenses that insurance is at least in theory intended
to ward off.
What numbers they have in support of the presumed
beneficial effects are tentative and unsubstantiated.
So it's all wonder that the initiative
got a scant 350 words in the 5,500 word speech.
The best indication that healthcare was meant to take a higher
profile than they stated in the speeches that had received
top billing and Bush's Saturday radio address
in the lengthy Monday background,
briefing for reporters.
None of the other elements of the speech
were done those honors.
The briefing did not go well in any respect.
Briefers and reporters alike were confused
and as his customary, reporters seemed out ready to
recognize and respond to official contradictions and
absurdities.
Absurdities, I love it.
But the question raised by even that lackluster
journalist and performance may have had enough to scare
the administration off to voting more time to the proposal,
a good half of responses were some variation of,
we'll have to get back to you on that.
In his radio address, the president said that Americans
are fortunate to have the best healthcare system in the world.
During the Monday briefing, Catherine Baker of the
President's Council of the Economic Adviser said that nobody
in the country can accord to keep spending more and more
money on a healthcare system that's broken.
You think that the contrast between best and broken would
arouse some curiosity among the crack-washing and press
core, not so?
Possibly this is because no one listens to or reads
the Saturday misses.
Possibly it's because reporters were distracted by the
question of why they were summoned on short notice to
attend a briefing on a proposal that seemed almost as
mysterious to the administration official selling it.
Baker and Bush economic adviser Julie Goon as he did
the reporters.
What a Goon.
Neither did any of the reporters react when a response
to a question about why the proposal would bring
health insurance to perhaps three millionly 47 million
Americans were at present on insured.
Baker said that because it's a very heterogeneous group of
people who are uninsured, it's hard to find one magic bullet.
A reasonable report might have noticed that most of the
developed world resolve the thorny question of how to
provide healthcare coverage to everyone by providing
healthcare coverage to everyone.
Again, no.
If the press were forced to hunt down and kill the obvious
and live off its flesh, many of them would starve.
If the president doesn't go violently enough between
now next year, the 2008 speech is likely to be even worse.
But health could be at hand.
So here's an idea.
Maybe next year we can surround Laura Bush with
performance from Cirque du Soleil.
Maybe they can build some sort of human pyramid over her.
Sounds like a win or the matter.
Just pathetic.
Well, you didn't watch anybody, though, right?
No, I did not.
I needed to do this trial.
Trust me when I think it would be a pack of Roy's.
A pack of a garbive.
1553.
I think I'm going to sit back and sit on some lemon
cellos right now.
You do not belong in here, you damn crackhead.
Go smoke your crack, please.
A tribute.
Huh?
Friday night is in the White House,
doing all this presidential bid.
He's there in the oval office, though,
he's not sure what an oval is.
His practices teach that he's been working on
for weeks should be a breeze.
But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from a
ran-your-ear-in-ease.
A Saturday he's still no smarter.
Finks what's in the center, central coal.
He could say his brain disease was kind of
like the Chinese plot of ventricles.
Now he goes to give his speech with words his bow cap
cannot reach me, look so free.
But he won't tell you how he feels instead.
He'll talk about some badness they still may.
Now he can't spell, he can't add, run out loud.
And he can't speak, so what he says
is always in doubt.
Go have no bling.
No brain disease has been.
Abel's done.
Abel's done.
Abel's done.
Abel's done.
Yeah, I missed it.
I'll give you something for you,
starting last night.
Okay, and you missed it?
I've read your first watch.
I really know what you're not really come on
Yes, I was I will kind of watch the reactions of the people in the audience
The senators and then go to them. I know it. I know it you sneak to peak
That was kind of money watching Nancy sit there and just kind of like you know be mad while everyone else is like cheering
Was she wearing her babushka or whatever now it is I wouldn't know the burka
Oh
Man I just got a message that just made me want to go to the patio and just do cartwheels right on the very edge of the rating up there. Oh, brother
You know, I think the day is gonna come when telephone is just gonna. Well, disappear. You know it well
They're already being integrated you know instant messaging and text messaging and
up here
That's the best offer I've had in a long time right there. That was good. I can't read it on there
That would be really how about I just say oh
Okay, offer accepted how's that 13 till noon at Q.A.M. Off the rails big oil big brother
When big in the city and by our buddy Greg Pulask what's happening to him?
I thought maybe they put him in a whosco or something glad to see that didn't he's kind of like right there with Doug Thompson
Almost but not quite Doug Thompson have anything new today, but he has got one tomorrow though
You know see let me just say this to you
Right this moment right at this point of my life on this show and in my life and all the way around
I am as content as a fat will cow and I look like one two
Happy is a slot happy as a pig in the shop. That's right with two chasing your tail
I mean this the phone I got the mod of the runner. I see there a couple of lines. We're gonna. There's no chance
I'm gonna waste my time with it. There you go. We got that card it up. Where's that?
The side of the Q.A.M. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
There you go
Greg Pulask says so who the hell needs that I don't need that
We're rolling along sigma. So we don't need no super expert in there giving us a son of dance my
Oh gee, it's so much better here in the reaction of me with a color
I don't know anybody in my person life who says oh the show is so much better when you have those colors on there
There are no colors. Don't you understand smoky Joe?
There are no colors if you took those three or four people those chronics out of there and had them executed
Hanged like sodden which most of them aren't hung to begin with which would be a wonderful thing by the way
It wouldn't change anything. There are nobody's going to stand south for it WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello, it's the way to man. I got I got one for you. Let's put that over this here. Let it go WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello
WQ. a.m. Hello
One more
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
I think we made the point.
It is great.
I think we ought to make a bit out of that.
And also loop it and make it go on for about 45 minutes.
We can play it four times a day and just sit and you know,
pops you around.
Greg Polin says there was that tongue again.
When the president lies, he's got this weird nervous tick.
He sticks the tip of the tongue out between his lips.
Like a little boy who knows he's fibbing.
Like a snake looking a rat.
Like that.
Can you hear that?
I'm looking.
I heard it.
I don't want to look at the microphone now.
Although I will say this since I'm the only one who sits in here.
I don't have to worry about it.
You know, I once worked in a place.
I'm trying to think what station was.
Were they used to spray them?
There was some jerk that I worked with.
I used to spray the microphone with Listerine from a camera.
Was that an IOD?
There must have been because I've encountered that.
She is.
I mean, what a shot that is.
The person who's following you comes in with a candle screen like,
you're unclean.
You're right.
I can understand that.
I had a cold or something.
Yeah, I was thinking of it.
Of course, if he knew all of those things that my tongue is bivin'
I'd say, I'm sure a lot of guys could say that.
Lots of guys could say that, including some by the way who've been
an area where they'd better keep the word at any rate.
And instead of the union.
Well, sports to be, I usually have a kind of light sauce sitting in there
for anyone to use whenever they want.
They really do.
That's what I was talking about.
They have a kind of light sauce.
Yep.
The disinfectant spray.
It says, in the state of the union last night, the president did his tongue thing
124 times.
My kids kept count, Greg says.
But it wasn't all rat-licking lies.
Most pundits concentrated on a rack and wacky health insurance stuff.
But that's just bubbles and blather.
The real agenda is in the small stuff.
Oh yeah, I can relate to that.
The little raises in the policy apple.
And I see little pieces of policy shrapnel that whizzed by the between the
appearances of the presidential tongue.
Can you, I still can't get over the fact that there are people who eat tongue?
Oh, first there was the announcement the regime will give employers the tools to verify
the legal status of their workers.
In case you missed that one, the president is talking about creating a federal citizen profile database.
There's a problem with that idea.
It's against the law.
The law in question is the US Constitution.
The founding father's stuff that government had no right to keep track on the citizens
unless there's evidence they've committed or planned to commit a crime.
But the founding fathers didn't imagine there were millions and billions of dollars
to be made by private contractors ready to perform this key GB operation for the Department of
Homeland Security tracking each and every one of us to keep tabs on our status.
These work databases will tie into our voter verification databases required by the Help America
Vodak and these will tie the databases on citizenship and so on.
We'll big brother abuse the, we'll abuse the snoop list.
The biggest purveyor of such hit list is choice point ink.
Those characters who before the 2000 election helped to have voice progenitors and voters as felons
from Florida voter roles will they abuse a new superlist does Dick Taney shoot in the woods?
There were several other I little IEDs improvised execro, execurable policy devices,
planted in the state of the union.
Did you catch the one about doubling the strategic petroleum reserve if you're unfamiliar with the SPR
it's supposed to be a stash of oil we keep in case the price of crude gets to a high.
Well the price of oil has been horribly high but Dick Taney the official who sits on the reserve's
spigots has refused to release the oil into the market.
Instead of unleashing the reserve and buckting big or else price gouging,
virtual double reserve which will require buying three quarters of a billion barrels of oil.
This is a nice $40 billion payout to big or from the US Treasury.
Compare this to the president's health insurance plan and should be revenue neutral that is have a net investment of zero.
But the $40 billion in loot the Orman will get from us taxpayers for doubling the reserve is nothing.
Compare to the boost in the worldwide price of crude caused by this massive insane purchase.
While the congressional audience and even bother to apply the plus for the reserve purchase plan,
there is no doubt they were whooping it up in Saudi Arabia.
Clearly the state of the Saudi Bush Union is still pretty good.
But why end on a cynical note I must admit I was moved by the president's praise of Wesley Octrie
a New Yorker who last month threw himself on top of a man and fallen on subway tracks
and held him between the track rails as the train passed over them.
While the president properly acknowledged Octrie's courage in saving the man who fell on the subway tracks,
Mr. Bush still did not explain why Dick Cheney pushed the man in the first place.
Thank you.
That is cute.
Good old rag for last they haven't taken his ass away yet, but they sure would like to.
They would like to in the fastest USA.
Let's take a look at how that pole is coming.
183 votes on it.
What sucks most about AM radio?
I could say working on it but that would be bad because I'm doing just fine.
Okay I'm not missing any meals.
Too many stupid right wing talk show is 239.
And again we apologize for the repetition they're stupid and right wing redundant.
Too much signal interference from other stations 191 and too much static 174 AM.
Especially if you drive like by 441 that always impresses me when I'm in town on those few days a year.
Too much static.
Not enough needle 146.
All I think that could be a new former.
Let's try to sell to all the other stations.
I can all carry the show and they each pay me like an extra million a year and then they all.
I'll give you like 20 bucks and Chris 5.
Alright!
Too many Spanish by the way you get that thing yet or not.
No.
Well it's on the way.
Alright.
Just hang on tight.
Too many Spanish language stations 138.
Too many bad shows 104.
Too much bad bad radio baby.
It's bad.
104.
Too much sports talk 34.
No good music 25.
I hit this pole only 15.
1.3%.
That could be a record as they say here a record.
They still do have a little bit of that British show thing here but they are very progressive and wonderful people.
And I love it here.
Corporate ownership for a 10 and too many religious stations 7.
Pray to Jesus baby.
I want everybody to sign it on your knees right now and pray to Jesus.
Neal finds a good machine and would buy this afternoon.
You think it will help?
Can't hurt.
No.
Can't hurt.
Cannot hurt.
Everybody pray to Jesus.
Jesus Christ when he gives that handle a big yank.
You know that when I was a kid.
When I was in high school.
Not a kid.
Well I guess I was a kid.
Sure.
I worked in my father's sporting good store.
He used to sell, well I was the first it was like a clothing and sporting good store.
All right.
And he used to sell work pants and then we're called the brand was Big Yank Work Pants.
Okay.
That was the name of the brand.
This is many many years ago.
Can you imagine now trying to sell something called Big Yank Work Pants.
Anything you have to do with pantaloonies huh?
They go over big.
Yank.
I'd buy a big yank.
They'd yank him right off the market.
I'd wear pants.
It's a big yank out of him.
Yeah.
So what I in fact I'm thinking about that episode it would bind just the other day.
The biggest thing I was thinking about is the plastic waste.
For the Christmas of our radio, I would be Ray.
And...
Orc Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
To the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top.
Lookin' for love and the best outfit of the way.
With somebody's picture's golden cut my face.
Oh, we're down in my ass all of the fake profile.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
I'm not a fan of the show.
Pullin' a line.
Oh, the high.
Lookin' for the highs on the line.
Lookin' for the high and the pain we got.
You have no idea.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely.
Even though I may be regretted me only.
You'll never know it's my reason for nothing but lies.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
We see the moment full of fake lies.
We get to get some ways for lies.
Oh, what you get to find.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
Pullin' a line.
Take a look at that.
Take a puke at a baby.
111 votes on the pullman.
I am really impressed.
Troll vote 2 at 560 WDQM on a great Wednesday.
Man, there's a little bit of sunshine out there.
Or you can smell the lilacs coming across the lake from Rochester.
Do you think there's lilacs in January?
No.
This was a global warming.
In fact, it seems to me I could be wrong, but I'm pretty damn sure.
Remember, a couple of weeks ago they were showing the trees were beginning to bloom.
I think it was in Washington, D.C.
They were showing that some of the trees were blooming idiots.
Okay, you see that?
Nope.
Yeah, they were starting to bloom because it was like in the 50s and whatever.
Which is lovely, which means it would be nice and warm all the time.
It'll be just like being in hell.
It'll be good practice for a lot of us.
A lot of us perverts.
Flight attendant's off in the ill-wred obnoxious passengers who won't listen to instructions
by kicking them off the plane.
But a Massachusetts couple think air-tran airways went overboard
by treating their crying three-year-old daughter in much the same way.
A lot of airplane bizarres to his last couple days, you know what I'm saying?
Yes.
Wow.
Julie and Jerry Kulesa and daughter Ellie were removed from the flight
when the group refused to take her seat before take off.
And well, let me always say that.
Take your seat.
How about sit down, sit your ass down, take your seat.
Where are you going to run with it?
Take your seat.
Kevin Krueck, take your seats.
I love flying on KLM, man.
I just love it.
Kevin Krueck, take your seats.
I just love that.
Love the sound of that.
I think they only have one pilot, which is amazing how he flies all those other planes.
At the same time, an amazing guy.
Kevin Krueck, anyway, Julie and Jerry were in the daughter removed from the flight
when the group refused to take her seat before take off.
Air line officials said, yes today.
But her parents said they just need a little more time to calm her ass down.
That's all.
Calm the bitch down, I mean, little girl down.
How old is she?
Oh, she's three years old for crying out loud.
What do you want?
So I think people that take little kids on planes, those people ought to be shot.
And little kids are able to put in cargo.
I just, and especially like a business class,
or first class executive class, whatever, big shots like me flying.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
I don't want those people sitting there with me.
So anyway, getting back to this family,
the Colossus planned to fly home to Boston, January 14th, from four Mayors,
after a four-day visit with the girls' paternal grandparents.
She was removed because she was climbing under the seat
and hitting the parents and wouldn't get in her seat during the boarding.
Air transpose woman Judy Graham Weaver said.
It's like when you're sitting in the airport
and you watch what these people are doing with their kids
and they're paying no attention.
And the kids are running around and they're opening up doors
that aren't supposed to be open and alarms are going off
and all kinds of crap going.
I can't be like in the store when you're shopping.
You see the same thing.
I cannot deal with parents who let their little kids run around
and just raise hell with everything around them.
And they're like a boobiest.
They are.
And they make like miserable for the rest of us
because then your kids sees it and they wonder,
how come you can't get disciplined
and say that it's maxed the crap?
That's right.
I have some kind of an animal man.
That's why.
Now you don't hit your kids, do you?
No, not hard.
Just when it's over.
Or also.
Right.
Air traffic officials say they were following
federal aviation administration rules that children aged two
and above must have their own seat
and be wearing a seat belt upon takeoff.
The flag was already delayed 50 minutes
and in fairness to the other 112 passengers on the plane,
the crew made an operation decision to remove the family
where we were said,
I just like to take the kid if there's like an instant shoot.
Did you just turn off the plane?
Sure.
But Julie Kilesas did.
We weren't given an opportunity to hold her,
console her or anything.
Ellie was sitting in front of our seat crying.
She said in the phone interview,
the attendant mentioned in a motion to a seat
and asked if we purchased it for her.
They had paid for the seat.
Jury Kilesas said another attendant
that the person the family had told him,
you need to get her in control and in her seat,
now gosh dang it.
As Buddy Bud Paxon said to me that day,
gosh dang it.
The couple told the attendants they were trying.
Julie Kilesas said she asked the attendants
if Ellie could sit on her lap if they said,
no, the family flew home the next day.
The Orlando-based career reimbursed the family $595 and 80 cent.
The cost of the three tickets offered in three round trip tickets
anywhere the airline flies,
we were said.
But that's too late for the Kilesas.
The father said they would never fly air train again.
And I'm sure the people of the airline are just devastated by that threat.
I'm never going to fly your crappy airline again.
You people with your little kids,
man, they have them like a bunch of,
they're like weapons.
People who use their kids as weapons.
Right.
Can't stand hide behind them.
Nauseating.
Yes.
And then these people,
well, you know,
I lost my child at Walmart.
Well, you know, maybe if you kept your eye on her.
I've seen,
I've been walking down the street, you know,
in various places,
wherever.
And there's like little kids,
and you wonder,
well, where are the parents?
You know, right?
I'm talking about little kids three, four years old,
walking in the gentleman.
And you look back and the parents are paying no attention.
Like, I have a block behind.
And the kids are like,
maybe going to give you,
hit by a car next.
Hey, it's all the parents.
All I can think is,
maybe it's wishful thinking on their heart.
You know what I'm saying?
George?
No.
What did you say?
Even George wouldn't go that far.
No, I don't have a problem with my kids.
No, it's the lady who made them.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Why do we have to be able to go back there again?
It's probably not a healthy thing.
No, what about?
Now, what were you saying about Miguel before?
About he was chastising about something, wasn't it?
About char-hut.
Oh, he wasn't chastising.
He was challenging down on it.
Well, you have to be able to.
He's eating Kim Bo-Kamper's hot dog,
except he said it.
He's eating.
Oh, no.
It has that whole different way.
That's no hot dog.
Oh, that's a promotion direct.
Oh, no.
That's belonging.
Wow.
And, uh, step with you.
I guess everybody must be praying to Jesus today.
It sounds like to me.
Oh, no.
Woo!
He was eating Kim Bo-Kamper's hot dog.
Did you say?
Well, I can't say the way he said it for yes.
Oh.
Brother Weenie.
I always said Miguel was a real Weenie.
Anyway, what's the most about AM radio?
111.
I don't feel like reading the results because it's a very boring poll.
Wouldn't you agree?
What?
This one?
Yeah.
You think it's a good poll?
I mean, not that I don't appreciate it.
And these people lately who've been sending all these polls,
they've been doing a fabulous job for me.
Because the toughest job about this poll,
this poll, this poll, this job.
The toughest thing about this is that nothing to do with it is the poll.
I mean, I can sit down here and do a show blindfolded, man,
with my hands tied behind my back, which is what I've been doing for nine years on the station, nine years plus.
So you're getting ready for that big March 1st celebration for me for my 31st anniversary on here, Miami.
I will drink.
I will drink.
I really believe this.
I think, you know, I'm old.
I'm the days in number.
We are a lot less ahead of me than behind me.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not looking for sympathy.
But I just think because there are so many special friends out there who care so much about me.
They really ought to start thinking right now.
24th of January, what they're going to do for me for my 31st anniversary on the 1st of March.
Don't you think that's something you ought to be thinking about?
Okay.
I'll start talking about that.
I always think about it long and hard, believe me.
123 votes on the pool.
Too many religious stations, so lamenté, Ocho, Oto.
So Tonto, Oto.
I do love the sound of a thing.
I love the sound of Spanish too, and it's spoken by people who know how to really speak it.
And you know what I'm talking about.
We've discussed this before.
There are so many different dialects of Spanish.
And then there are people you've heard of Pig Latin, there are people who speak like Pig Spanish.
Very badly, you know.
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
You know exactly, we've discussed this before.
I mean, the Spanish language can be a beautiful language if spoken properly,
but then there are some people who speak it like everywhere.
It's like Italian, the same thing.
You've got people who really speak, who are fluent Italian, speaking it flows by a Bing,
by a woman like that.
What a Bing.
That's learned and learned, that's banger than everything is that thing.
Well, that's the Caspilian.
I know the Caspian.
They got it in there, understand?
What are you going to do?
Nice college, boy.
Yeah.
But I Bing.
They want to get mixed up in the family business.
Now you want to go down a police station, because you slapped your face a little bit.
What do you think?
This is the army where you shoot them a mile away.
You've got to get them close like this.
The Bing, your blood, your brains all over your nice, I release you.
Come in.
You're taking us very farce.
And now it's time for our London's Disdedication.
It's from Hank Goldberg, and he writes,
Please play the air that I breathe,
and dedicate it to my Kim Basins, your blowup doll.
Turn to belt.
That's how it's called.
Listen.
Chances are...
Hey, hello.
What's warm, huh?
I'll say you come here often by me.
And you've been here before.
No, first time.
What's your name?
Freeway.
Freeway, that's nice.
Unspeak it.
Please, to meet you.
Speak it.
Right in here.
You're here to get...
Queen?
What?
Oh, I don't know.
You have work around here?
I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I know.
What's the top of it?
You probably need to rely on it.
Oh, outside.
But, you know, with everything that's in the news and all,
it's just, hey, you can start relaxing right now, freeway.
I brought something.
She, and freeway.
Not just any sheet either.
Look.
Wow, goldlame.
Pretty kitty condom, huh?
But here's the most important part, freeway.
And the ProTechs label.
ProTechs, huh?
Aren't those endorsed by the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTechs logo, don't you?
I sure do.
Certified, safe by the city.
By the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I dropped the soap again.
Oh, I'll get it.
And you bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway and spick had have condoms.
Don't let worry, spoil those chance meetings and public showers.
Always carry, ProTechs.
PROTECG.
PROTECG.
TRIMICREF-SNB.
PROTECG.
T been down with no authority.
Pack it to the pack.
Pack it to the pack.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTechs chief.
So they won't send you a re-proTech condoms.
A division of Black, Black, Housing, Guards and Customs,
Division, CP, Situation, FACE, and 1887.
128 votes on the poll.
Not too shabby.
I think we got a shot of 13 today.
Well, they're lucky, home and home.
Oh, right.
And how to find a good machine.
I'm so 13.
How do you do think how to play the, uh, although I probably would have a heart attack.
I mean, if I won the lotto, see, a lotto is a different thing.
You got your tickets and you look online.
You see the winning numbers.
And you go through the ponderous process of checking the numbers, you know.
I mean, that would be great.
But that one time I missed the 15 million by one digit.
I didn't, yeah.
See, the good thing is the second digit was the one that was off by,
the second number was the one off by one digit was supposed to be 13.
It was 14 I had.
I've missed by one digit before.
The whole thing?
Yeah, the whole thing.
The whole thing.
How are you spelling that?
So I missed 15 million by one digit.
And I only got a lousy 1600 bucks for it.
But I didn't have like no heart attack or nothing like that.
But if you're sitting in a machine man, and of course, then all this in the bell goes off and everybody comes to,
BAD, BAD, BAD, they're all running around the door.
Right, you went 4.4.
Oh, I would do that.
I guarantee you that.
Oh, I'd be farting up a storm.
That would get those pinnly-ass bystanders away real fast, okay?
Back home.
Yeah.
4.4 million.
Wouldn't you like him?
Back in the day when I first started going out to a bind, I used to see them.
I think they all must have died.
But all these old, I mean, really old people,
they're holding up to my great grandpa and grandma.
They used to just shut them out of there on stretchers, you know?
And there's some of these people coming.
And I, you probably see them, and they've got the,
there needs them in a wheelchair or the walker, and they've got the oxygen tank.
Oh, yeah.
Attached to the chair.
Uh-huh.
And they've got the oxygen mask on.
I like that one.
Listen, you know, they're having a good time.
Oh.
That's what I'd like to know when I get really old and, yeah,
who's going to be the one to push me around in my push card?
You know, who's going to be that one?
That's what I like to find out.
Who's going to be my good, well, close personal friend?
Who's going to be taking care of the old man in my day?
When I'm out of his virul and ambulatory as I am now.
Sam says, well, look at this.
He says the slot machines at Marty Grower are all right.
Oh, right.
Played the Wheel of Torture, won a quick hundred,
then hit the poker tables for a little more.
Looking forward to pop it up, opening with their new building.
It's going to be very nice, is what he says.
I think what he's really, really trying to say is,
very nice.
Yeah, very nice.
Have you been on the website looking at the picture's new design?
No, I have not.
Also, they have a new slot machine called the Neal of Torture.
Oh, yeah, that's where you Neal and pray at that one.
The Neal of Torture says, can't wait to check out that machine.
Have a big day that it would buy.
I'm praying for you, says Sam.
PS, love that bit trolling online.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, listen, he's not the only one I've ever had.
Four stars.
He also wrote it would be fine.
It's with the B, not with the V, would be fine.
It would be fine.
It would be fine.
Okay, would buy.
Maybe he's being clever.
I don't know.
He says he's praying for me.
And he's not the only one I've just needs for me to be able to upload.
Well, that's that message I've got right before.
I was most amusing.
It's not a problem.
1136 votes on the poll.
Not too bad.
Let me tell you.
We've got to get to 13 and then Neal will win the Zidane dollars today and won't be back tomorrow.
Seriously, listen to me.
Based out a few bucks, I've got stashed away now, which you've got a good idea.
And if I would win four and a half million dollars, do you think I would come back tomorrow?
No.
Would you do it if you were me?
Well, and you've said it before, one last show.
Listen, what is it that I would say?
I'm one last show that I haven't said already.
Because as you know, I don't know if you could die.
I don't know how fun doing it.
I would.
Just be good by show.
Oh, I've said it.
I've just a lot of people.
Nine years.
Nine years.
This is a plus on this stage.
There have been a lot of shows I felt like it was going to be a good by show.
Believe you me.
You know what I'm saying, Joe?
Older Smokey Joe?
Yeah, look at that.
I'm going to pick up lines that are going to be on the phone.
I'm actually going to pick them up.
I don't think so.
Maybe next hour, but I wouldn't, I don't know.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
WQA and hello.
Okay, now let me just say this.
Here's what I'm thinking.
We could take that and put it together and make a loop out of it and play the whole thing.
All of it, just that and then do the spots.
You know, just get the commercials in.
And I still think we'd outright any other show on this stage.
Now, do you have any doubts about that?
No.
Well, and how does that start?
It sounds like a real wiener to me.
Anyway, let's get back to the stuff here.
Okay, getting way off course and talking about gambling, which is discussing and perverted and stuff like that.
All these people on their knees praying for the old man to hit the jackpot today, the crackpot with the jackpot.
New passport rules cause little turbulence at Florida Air Force.
That's my biggest suggestion to all you people out there who are desperately looking for a life.
I have no life.
Please do yourselves a favor.
You've got even just a couple of bucks.
Number one, get a passport and then number two, go someplace.
See the world before you croak.
That is the one thing I've done that I have, you know, everybody has regrets in life.
But that's the one thing I've done that I have no regrets about.
And I guess the only regret is that it didn't start sooner.
Although I've been to Hawaii six times.
You ever been to Hawaii?
I have not.
Cost money is there.
No, sir.
The only negative about Hawaii is unless you live on a west coast.
It's, oh man is it far.
It's 11 hours.
It's like a time of time.
It does have to fly to LA or Frisco and then you've got to fly out.
It's almost as far.
I think it's another five hours.
It's even farther maybe in the middle of the Pacific to get to Honolulu.
It is to get from here to LA, from there, from South Florida.
And it was beautiful but very congested.
I liked Hawaii a lot.
And then finally I decided, well why did I not take that trip across the pond?
And after that first bad experience with the lady with that little kid in her lap that's stuck like nasty, rancid taters, it's been great.
And look at all the neat places I've been.
A role my 80 million times.
Look at all the places I've been, George, where you slept or like you hasn't been in the world.
No, I never will be.
Never will be.
How do you know that?
Maybe when I croak maybe I'll leave you a bunch of money.
Oh, that's the only way.
Rome and Bolonia and Milano and Fernza.
It sounds like Bolonia to me.
Let me tell you right now.
That's Boloni.
Milano, whatever.
If you're going to go to Italy, do not go to Milan unless you have a lot of time and already wrote down your name.
Now I've spent a lot of time in Rome looking at the old buildings and whatnot.
To me the most amazing thing, the first time I went to Rome, the most spectacular thing was I'm in the cab.
And we're passing the Colosseum.
You'll Colosseum.
And of course when you see the Colosseum, I mean in person, you know, it's just, even though it's all run down and falling apart.
But it's just breathtaking.
It just takes your breath away, you know.
And you notice the locals, the people who live there, they don't pay any attention to it.
It's like the people live in New York when they walk by the Empire State Building.
They're not paying any attention to it.
It's the everyday.
Like you're like here.
When my cabbie takes me to Woodbine and we get on the expressway, on the garden or expressway.
And we pass the, where it used to be the skydome, the Roger Center and the CN Tower.
They'll be, they don't even look at it.
What's to look at?
What's you seeing?
You're there every day, I'm seeing.
And I'm watching all these people walking past the Colosseum and I'm thinking, you're not even looking at it, you know.
And I just couldn't believe it.
But anyway, you're, that's the one place.
Go to Rome, a Roma.
A Roma.
And I'll tell you the best, try to re-end the best pizza joint.
I'm telling you right now, I'll just go to Rome and look.
That's correct.
27 past New Year, I'm getting nostalgic and don't think I'm going to get started with the food again because I've been doing so much.
Oh, it's really well.
I'm still holding my own there, one of you five, but I'm not gaining any back and I'm not getting no ice cream, no crazy crap.
You watch.
When I come down there next time, I'm going to look just like Brad Pitt.
I'm going to look just like John Stockwell in Christine.
You're going to be Christine.
I'm going to be Christine and he's going to be Christine.
Well, look at this seriously, and add on my facts machine.
I hate that like poison.
Oh, a present and a run.
It might be fun.
Are you going to give it up?
Try Obama.
Ooh, you think the voter's run.
Are you the one?
Will we open up black guys?
Obama.
Never stop a rock.
He's on top.
It may be his time, but his name.
Don't fight.
He's an arrow guy.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my.
Woo.
The purple rock, the mama.
The purple, purple, purple, purple!
The purple, purple, purple!
The purple, purple, purple!
The purple, purple, purple!
Ooh, a present and run.
It might be fun.
Brad, I thought so just to repeat.
I was just checking that out.
They do a lot of those.
Well, that's the way it is. Let's play some tapes. Let's play some repeats. What do you say audience?
I don't know. I guess I love those tapes that Smokey Joe loves.
Seriously, this man has got to be, I just
infuriating, you know, not a bad guy. He's a jolly and he's chubby and he's a Santa Claus, not really.
But just like Santa, he promises you a lot and then doesn't deliver.
That was a good line. I think you came up with it, which is pretty amazing. I think it was pretty good.
Well, there's that Israeli president who was giving us strong events because they said he rated it
as somebody who did this. He's a real pre-raper. He's a Getsky.
1147 of hoax on the pole. Now let's see. If we get to, yeah, we'll get to over 1200 by
us sometime. Well, we'll get whatever we get, you know. We'll take whatever we get.
And when we get to 1300, it'll be a real feather and Chris's cat. Definitely.
So you weigh 290 pounds and you're what? 411? I'm not sure. So no.
He's 4 foot 2 and he weighed 290 pounds. You must have looked like Al Goldstein.
I don't know if he's going to beat them. Speaking of Al, you know, we're going to have to refine that.
What website was that on?
Blago, blog, I figured what it was. But I read his blog and it was so sad.
That's a gay club you moron. I thought back to my, you know, the day when he back in the day,
you know, when he was really the man, he was, you know, he was gigantic and fat and he was way
over the top and he smoked those big stogies and he had the big finger back there, the ceramic
finger and his backyard. I never got to those places in Pompoon Beach to his house. He invited me
all the time, but fat rich used to go and stand in and eat all the food that he would eat and
plus what I would eat too, which is why fat rich is no longer with us. See, that's another thing
about, grow, I don't want to get too nasty out of here, but when you get old, you know what happens?
Yeah, your friends and your friends are all dead. Family members and what not. That's correct.
People are your dogs. All of these, all of this is all these things.
Pity words. Well, that's why you got to go out there and make new friends.
He's some people that others read. You go online there and make a couple of great friends.
And it could be worse. You could be the dead friend that other people have to read.
That is correct. Wouldn't it be something if they were saying, boy, sure,
I missed that old Neil. He was really a panic man. He was a lot of fun. I don't want to be the one
that's in the ground, you know? That's right. I'm just hanging on as long as I can, but you know,
like fat rich and bill calder and seeing the thing that it is, like with me, when bill calder
died, I stopped going to Thurbera Racing because it was, when you go to the track, you have always,
everybody's always got a buddy and they go to the track with you know. Some, some people are
stupid enough to take their wife or their girlfriend, which, what? Nothing new stuff is caping.
You know what I'm saying? No, what do you mean? It's like going to Amsterdam and taking your
wife or girlfriend or your family with you like Chris did. Yeah. Well, you didn't have any choice
though, did you? Nope. Now, if you would go back again, if you had, like, if you wanted a lot
or something and you went back to Amsterdam, you wouldn't take somebody with you, would you?
Nope. There you go. You'd be there by yourself independent to be able to enjoy all the
pursuits and all the excitement and whatever you want to do. And especially the part of Amsterdam
speaking of Algoldstein, where he used to have the apartment, he used the apartment. I told you
about the time I went in his apartment, Namestown, didn't I? Yes, you did. A couple of times.
Yes, you did. And you have never seen it. It was a small apartment. And all over the floor were
like cassette tapes and videotapes and just crap all over the floor everywhere. Just like, you could
have barely even walked in there. And the satellite dish he had just wires all over. I don't
want to say that Al was a little on the sloppy side, you know what I'm saying? Well, the apartment in
New York that we borrowed it was nothing but Bongs and Dildos. I'm a fat Jew. Really? Bongs and Dildos.
See, that's nothing. That was like a big porno hot shot. You know, back in the day when he was
actually getting some action. But in any rate, I could tell you where he was getting some action
to Amsterdam. But you, I've already told you that you don't believe me. It was just a little
He told you. He was always very candid camera. What are how Alan Fudders do I remember? He's
still dead. He's dead. Yeah. I know that. Anyway, can we get back to it? It'll pass up
Orte. Why? Because it's very important. There are some people out there that might actually
be traveling somewhere. This is important. The crap. A lot of stuff I read on here is just, you know,
kill on some time. This is more important. They, Jordan, Sonders, seven achieved a distinctive
milestone in his young life yesterday. He was the first US air traveler to arrive at my international
without a passport on the first day of a new regulation requiring the documents for people
arriving abroad, any airport in the USA. By late yesterday, US Customs and Border Protection,
which operates airport passport control, said at least six people, four children and two adults
that arrived at my with out passports. No pass of board time. All but one traveler for a
lot of the Ohio would care to pass sports by last night's exactly man, a US Customs
Border Protection spokesman. The passport requirement is part of a growing web of screening procedures
being weeded by the Department of Homeland Security to snare terrorists and criminals and
preemptive forage drone authorized documents. Right. You should live so long.
Tough and travel procedures are the result of 9-11 attacks. Some of the terrorist carried
passports altered to hide and travel to Afghanistan, which at the time served as al-Qaeda's base
of operations. Next year, passports may be required if travelers arriving at land borders and
seaports as well. Currently, travelers from the US, Bermuda and Canada are using drivers licenses
at those states. Mexicans with so-called border crossing cars will also need passports
at border entry points next year. The Mexican mehiconos. Yeah. Isn't it a shame that they have
so much corruption there? And isn't it interesting that George Bush was such good friends with his
old buddy Vicente Fox once upon a thousand cities? And his buddy, they banned our bush and all
the other Saudi world family holding hands. Speaking of that, there he is. Sick issues for heavier
use of the heavy. There is your present. Okay. Coming off Air Force One. It's just amazing to me.
You look at it and it's one of those things in life. You can't believe that's the president. This
Abu Gharr, Ahmed, or president as they say in Finland, they say a lot of things in Finland.
It's a really neat city. He'll help Stinky. You gotta go there and when you go to Scandinavia,
I'd like to. Take a stop and Copenhagen, then Stockholm, then he'll Stinky. And then maybe
what's in Norway? Norway. Oslo. Oslo. I've never been to Oslo.
While in the 30s, they raised for possible disruption and delays in airports yesterday,
arrivals at MIA in 4 Lauderdale went smoothly, according to men. And I'm going to tell you one thing,
you people at 4 Lauderdale Airport, that terminal 4 is terminal. It's too small, maybe it's too
small. They got all these international flights going everywhere in the universe and the damn thing is
so tiny that it's embarrassing. Anyway, it says the majority of travelers did carry passports.
They got the message. One exception was Jordan, I mean, Native, whose family had a medical emergency
while in the Caribbean. His mother flew to South Florida, Monday, and in escorting Jordan's
Aileen Grandpa. Jordan was left behind with relatives in the Turks and K-Cos islands. Turks and
K-Cos. I've heard that as it in times of where the hell is that. I've been in the Caribbean.
I'll bet. His aunt, Denise Brown, brought into Miami Tuesday to join his mother, his aunt.
David Mack, the U.S. Customers and Border Protection Passport Control Officer,
will handle a case admitted Jordan and Brown after questing both briefly at his booth,
then he gave Brown U.S. Passport application to fill out for Jordan and three
separate sheets of paper, outlining details of the new passport regulation. Chris Mastin,
U.S. Customs and Border Protection Assistant Port Director for Bachelor of Operations, said
passport control officers had instructions and out similar papers to any U.S.
traveler showed up without a passport. I did a shot. I mean, if you don't know by now,
you need to know passport to then you got some real problems. Man said other U.S.
travelers arrived without passports and I included a two-year-old returning with his family from
La Republic of Dminicana, two more children arriving from Turks and K-Cos, and two of
them coming from the Cayman Islands, which I hear is pretty nifty as when I was told.
The American traveler without a passport afforded long-distance ride from Cancun,
which I hear is not so nifty. Now that's an interesting new coincidence.
Is it? Well, the Cayman Islands and Cancun, because my close personal friend,
I was just stuck in travel with last evening, was telling me about how great the Cayman Islands were,
and really beautiful and neat, and how Cancun was a dump and really sucked and would don't ever go there.
That's another piece of advice. Don't do the cruise ships and don't go to Mexico and don't go to
what was the other place? I don't know. Anywhere people are trying to get out of? That's correct.
That's a good idea. Anywhere people are just desperate to get out of.
1154 votes on a poll. I don't think we'll make a 1300. I think I think we've slowed down to a
crawl. It's a car, and you want to know why? Because I said it was a crappy poll and it is.
It blows. But thank you very much, whoever sent it in. Don't ever think because I said
the polls stinks that I don't appreciate it. Right. Sometimes there are some things that stink,
and you really appreciate it a lot. Especially like when you were the only one in the shower.
And so you'll steamy hot shower? Like when was it? Oh yeah.
1241 at 560 WQM Mad Dog at 2 the power hour with Henry Goldberg and the Mad Dog together at 4.
Humber from Gulf Stream at 5 in any case, 7 to 10 tonight. I'm reading the right to the
A schedule. Did Miguel really come in and said I read the wrong schedule? Yes.
What a puss. But by the way, I want you to give him a big kiss since you were out one of his
people. No seriously. Give him a big kiss right on the lips and think about the price.
I'm serious. A little kiss, Noslin, and have her pass it along. Okay.
Have her give Miguel whatever she wants to give him. Okay. And thank him for his misread.
We know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. I will kill you. All right.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong, we didn't take their cry. That's below me.
In Pearl Harbor, when the Japs dropped their bombs, we bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards are little flags wave.
Have that sonny, love and retard, voice of bombers the wrong way.
And of embarrassed to be in America, where they follow books like she,
who built United States of America. And I push it, sadly, really got this country.
Abbalink, talk to the August 8th and I disagree.
I don't want to be a Pax America.
In the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
and afford to be.
And of embarrassed to be in America, where we take triadly.
Wave a flag in one hand with our head in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that be have effecting.
I'm watching State for News on a 65 in screen.
Scratcher, five, everything's okay.
In the USA.
Outright, 1168 votes. I think we're going to do it. We're going to get to 13. I can smell it.
Hmm, it's either better than that. I'm on the studio there.
There is George. George keeps telling me every morning that smells like something died in there.
I think it smells all the time. It's just that you smell it when you first come in and then you get used to it.
And hence you're right in the pool site. But people that come in all during the day are like,
what the hell smells in here? And I say it's a pretty good guy to hear, man.
Oh God. I told you that story about the TV room story when I worked at WJN.
I was kind of each. I don't want to go through that again. That was so embarrassing.
I mean, it just was one of those things. I'd eaten a whole lot the day before I guess.
And I just like everything else. It's part of nature. You know, there's nothing all that wonderful about it.
Exactly. And I, man, stuck up to doing it in that TV room like he wouldn't blame.
Even I was swooning. I couldn't get out of there fast enough.
I'm in the hallway. And about five minutes later, one of the sales people comes out of there.
And he's and I passed by me. He says, boy, he says somebody must have died in there.
I said, yeah, I know. I just, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
somebody must have died in there. Holy cow rat man. See, that's a proof. That's a proof right there.
There's no God. What kind of a God would have, uh, this would be the way that animals would eliminate?
I mean, El Stenco, maybe, you know, wants to agree with that. And what's that?
They were eating the wrong food so that you stay away from it afterwards.
Dogs don't do that. Unless they don't want to, you're getting the idea. They're done the wrong pay-on to.
They're supposed to go to golden retrievers. Listen, they're taught to retrieve. It's a
thing. And believe me, they retrieve. What is it with? And we had poop that they like so much.
Dogs? Yeah. I never had a cat. So I mean, the, uh,
I said, I didn't have a cat once upon a time. We got rid of it real quick.
They can't. They get into it. Well, I get that. That's another reason to keep your cat away from
the dog away from the cat food. If you were to the cat, put it in the, uh, microquick real quick.
You might call it a litter box, but the dog called it lunch box.
Newspad cat, baby. Steam it. Fry it. Deep fry it. All your people that love french fries, how about deep fry in the cat?
1170. We need 130 votes. Now let's do the math. Okay. I love that. Let's do the math.
We got 70 minutes and we need 130 votes. That's less than two a minute. We could do it if you
people get on that pool. I'll take it what the pool is right now. I haven't been pushing it up because
it's really weak. And it's embarrassing to me because we pride ourselves on our polls on this show.
What sucks the most about AM radio? 1170. Now let's see. What's 1170? 1180 is WHA and Rochester.
1170 is WVA and Wheeling West Virginia. It's a 50,000-long powerhouse.
Used to be on the Paris radio network with Bob Princeton, Jim Woods.
God, I love Bob Princeton. Where is that disc?
Oh right over there. No, seriously. Which disc was that on?
That chicken excret me that I made for you.
Oh you made it? I told you that.
Where the hell is it? Oh no. Don't tell me I don't got it.
Of course you do. You just got it under a pile of grass.
I got it. Just relax. Okay. Will you please just relax.
That's below me. I know. No, no, no, no.
Well that's the only one clip on there. I mean it's not like it's a major deal.
It's not one of the great Bob Princeton calls of all time.
But it is Bob Princeton's. The voice of the Paris for about a hundred years.
And then Katie Kay had a fired his ass and there was like big protest in the city.
They were marching and screaming and puking and then he died.
He died.
God, Todd, three, three in the bottom of the 17th.
One ball and one strike.
Coons in the blind up in the one one pitch.
One, two, three, two, three, two, one.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Oh, baby did he get that baby out of sight.
He's cremated.
He's cremated.
And the interesting part about that is that I think it was Richie Hemner who is at bat
and when he said he cremated it, Richie Hemner was a funeral.
He worked in a, he was a, what do you call a grave digger?
I guess a grave digger, yeah.
And he did that.
There might be a fancy title but I don't know what it is.
And then I think he died too.
What's your daughter's?
Boy isn't it sad about all these people?
Remember especially when you're an old far like me, just like I was talking before,
your friends die and the athletes die,
Mickey Nandle died, all these people.
No, when you're a grave digger and you die, you get an error.
Yeah, you do get to this count.
1176, we need 124 votes in 68 minutes.
Should be able to do but it's going to be really, really tight.
See, I like giving myself a challenge.
See, there's a little lesson all you kids out there.
Give yourself a challenge.
Set yourself a goal in life.
Set yourself a big goal like saying, I'm going to go to Woodbindersafnoona when 166,000,
I'm going to hit the progressive jackpot on the dollar while we look for it in my Sheen Mon.
That's my goal.
It's wrong with that.
And it's kind of like a year old buddy Sam, remember Sam?
Oh yeah.
Our goal is 300,000 on your fundraiser.
What a wise guy, what a schmuck.
And of course when you look at the people that Greg read some out of them,
well that's what you lot about Greg, yeah?
Show me the people that somebody surrounds them,
so I would, and I'll just tell you a lot about that person.
Anyway, get right back to the important stuff.
Don't forget your passport.
That's my message to you.
Do not forget.
You'll two up pass a port.
It's official and final former Panamanian dictator, manual Antonio Nodiaga.
Health and data on charges drug trafficking and money-relaunding
is going to be released from prison on September 9 after completing his sentence.
Won't that be wonderful?
Oh, there's that show again.
Later in the hot tub.
Oh man, who is he?
Wow.
And who and who is two dice that we're doing at this occasion?
We're one of TV now.
Oh, it sounds tonight at the one and when?
I don't know.
I'm going to have to pvr it.
I don't have to record that.
It's not even some ABC shows, that what it is?
No, if it's the real world, it's an empty universe.
It's an empty universe.
It's what?
MTV.
Oh, the channel that you're watching there.
I'm not watching MTV now.
I'm watching CNN.
Oh, I think.
Yeah, I'm on CNN.
It's a one of those cross-supromos.
Cross-dress.
I see.
Anyway, this news about Nodiaga was revealed for El Nuevo, a hero by Nodiaga's attorney,
Frank Rubino.
The, I wonder if he's kind of Bobby Rubino.
Now, he died.
Did he die?
Did he die?
I don't know.
I think all those joints closed up.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You don't know?
I don't know.
I'm sure Bobby Rubino died.
I'm pretty sure.
And I think there's no more Bobby Rubino.
There's still his Tony Romans, though.
I suppose.
In fact, speaking of Berlin,
there was a Tony Romans in Berlin.
And it was pretty good, too.
And it's gone.
If in the last, I think it lasted maybe a year or less.
And it's gone.
It was a beautiful building, too.
And all the last building in Otaに Romans.
And the Germans said,
FAT.
I guess they didn't like it.
Because it's gone.
In fact, when I was there, I looked to one of the Germans and I said,
Do you like it?
And he said, no.
And he looked to me and he went,
Do you like it?
I said, yeah, I like it.
And he said, Hobzean Drared.
There's no turning back the order about Noriega's obligatory.
And nobody can stop it.
Rubino said,
According to Rubino,
Noriega who is in very good health,
dammit will return to Panama soon as
possibly a 72 years old.
He wants to go home.
He has no one.
Tent you remaining here, Rubino said.
The Noriega docket.
In fact, when Nazlam gives Miguel whatever she's going to give him,
give him a big kiss on the lips and tell him that he has added 20 years to my life.
And that's the truest GD thing that I can tell you right now.
And that's sweet.
A year and an hour to send.
It's adorable, as far as I'm supposed to say.
That is adorable.
It is.
True.
Makes more of a pinch on the cheek.
No, thanks.
The Noriega docket that the Miami Federal Court contains no motion opposing the release.
The prisoner located around the Bureau's Internet page confirms the release date provided by
Rubino September 9th.
Manu on Noriega will be at a place nearby you.
He'll probably be doing limbo rock at Westland in the tea room.
Noriega who ruled Panama from 81 to 89 is held in an apartment like cell and apartment like cell
at the Federal Correctional Institute in southwest aid county.
An apartment.
Use the apartment he said.
In Panama, Noriega still faces charges and connects with the disappearance torture and murder
of political leader Hugo Spadafore in 1985 for the death of members of one of the
fence forces of 89 after military uprising and for justified enrichment.
In other words, a thief.
Rubino said that Noriega is willing to deal with that situation in Panama.
The current president of Panama, Martin Clodihose,
son of General Omar Terejoz from Noriega's protest great loyalty and appreciation.
General Terejoz led Panama from 1965 until 81.
Regarding Noriega's return to Panama, there is no unanimity.
Whatever that means.
In March 2006, a close friend of Noriega told the Panama Indigene de la Prensa
that the former ruler will not return to the country.
According to Mario Ragnoni, these also,
La Prensa sounds Italian to me.
Why would that be in Panama?
There are Italians in the...
You know, Latin America is loaded with Italians.
Did you know that?
Yes, actually.
Like in Rio and Guinelli.
Chinese people even Jews.
Oh, there's a few Jews.
Oh, yeah.
We got lots of Jews here in Toronto.
We got lots of Chinese, man.
We got Chinese up the old...
Backed home.
But, you name it.
And boy, do they like to gamble the Chinese, man?
I don't know if that's all about the road.
They like to...
I beg your pardon.
And smoke.
They smoke those little faggots, you know?
In fact, that Mishio Kushi, my very first guest on here,
and my second guest, my first guy was the...
was Garrett Sloan from the Dave Water Inn in the sewer authority.
I bet his Sid Levin would fall off the chair
if he realized they remember that, what a memory.
What was his name?
Garrett Sloan.
No, the Chinese guy.
Oh, Mishio Kushi.
What's up?
Mishio Kushi Kushi.
And he was in this macrobiotic crap.
And oh, his wife is telling me,
oh, he's gonna live forever.
And he's eating this macrobiotic guy.
And he's smoking these little...
these nasty smell, little, you know,
where they really, really tiny...
No, they're like the little cigars.
What do you mean?
Oh, okay.
Like those miniature ones, I see.
And he's dead.
To make a long story short,
all these people attended the Van the Lif Forever.
They're dead.
Profit the 7QM.
There.
That's a clowning.
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny,
to those who have it,
it's no laughing matter.
It's called frequent burping syndrome.
It's terrible.
Oh, I'll be on a date
or a business meeting.
And...
and...
Excuse me.
See? See what happens?
Frequent burping syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trained specialists,
sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as...
burp-inders.
Gosh, burp-inders saved my life.
Joanne and I were in love.
I really wanted to ask for to marry me.
But I just knew that when the moment of proof came,
I'd let out with a big river, you know.
Sure.
Burp-inders,
no shame, no guilt,
no more tummy rumbling,
smelly belches,
no more stopping.
It needs to uncorporate a big cheesy blaster.
Just carrying professionals
and to help you need.
Don't wait.
Here's the number to call.
555-2877
It's 5-5-5.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Burp.
Biff.
Burp.
So this Bobby downtown Bobby like the underwear world is one of my favorites. Oh, yeah
Do I got set? I bet I do
The underwear world of a job. I'm still I'm a boy. Oh
Let's hear from him again Ken. Bye
Let's see underground underground world. Yeah, the underwear world is the best one. Maybe senders got four
There are four of them in here. Yeah, wouldn't that be I don't see any of them the underwear world
I've been put in the DCR so oh
So they're not in here that I'm like this then I got to get I got to get busy on air. What's the underwear world of JC tonight on the national geographic?
1014
Shukristo observes settled changes in his cruise behavior as we enter the
Saragas or see I noticed that Philip as remove his wet suit and slipped into a provocative
Shuktedi with matching French carpenters. I am a guest
But the entire crew of the clip saw has suddenly changed into peekaboo lingerie and push up her ears
Don't miss the season premiere of the underwear world of Jarkoos. The sea is a strange
Missed us and so is my first meet Jokroth
Tonight on PBS I told it was in there you'd not believe me and you put it in there. You're truly yes
You did because I've got in my drawers over here if I do say that I don't have much in my drawers
But I do have all those AC indices
Charlie no and we got to the end of March for that other thing to start with they're gonna be sending stuff online and oh
Boy, I guess they're gonna be trolling online again. I don't know how that's gonna work out. Yeah chicken. I can handle it
We'll find a way
Well, what's wrong with that? Why are you like you like sticking up for him now?
I mean I love him like crazy and his balls spot especially chicken, but I don't think it's that much of a
job is it is all we'll see I'll see what it entails and
You'll see the entrails. Yeah, see how daunting it is. I don't want to see his entrails like you're into that one
If you don't even imagine okay, what do we got here on the pool?
What sucks most about AM radio and we got 1206 well
We got over the 1200 hump and we need we got 54 minutes to get 94 votes
That's not even two a minute you people ought to be able to do that for us
You made this number one again in the middle of a grotesque a death knell a rating book for QM in a fall book
Death knell grotesque man. We got hoes bad and the sports segments
But they made us number one again the audience out there
They always they always come through for us the colors never come through and you want to know why cuz there aren't any
And that's well, there might be one Q. I. M. Hello
Speaking speaking
See like I said there aren't any I didn't he sound like a real problem right in the beginning
No, oh, my hoodie sound like a schmuck. Oh, it didn't sound like one of them, but yeah a different one. Yeah, let's speak to Neil
In other words, that was the first tip off right? Yes, he was a
Like that my first tip off was when I saw that green light blinking that there was somebody on me
Yeah, I thought to myself. Oh, what kind of an idiot is this gonna be?
Well, if you would let the people speak for a crime out loud and talk for more than one second right?
We'd really be in deep trouble Jim Loeb
Bush continues to unite the world against him from the enterprise service
He unites the world against him dot dot dot just like that online thing with dot dot dot
Did we ever find out what does that won't print the word out? No?
Well Eric is better explain that to us because he had that link on there, but I don't you know link ray
Wasn't that amazing that I'd link ray in the Raymond and rumble boy. What a memory
Just like what it was that I remember last hour
Remember about my first guest on KAT
Here's your good see it was already it was already booked for Dick side who was doing the show and then they can't as they heard me to do
3 to 6 and and then they let me do 2 to 6 because I was doing so well on KAT
And they raised me all the way from 225 bucks a week to 275 a week
Thanks a lot you cola that was you cola cats in time
Whose husband Frank was long since then but there's a big picture of him on the wall
Frank cats in time. Oh, I think this is the
Did I just hear that sound I think it's the alarm?
The fire drill. I'm maybe I just maybe I'm imagining
Anyway Jim Loeb says despite two years of a concentrated effort by Secretary state condom Lisa rice and her public diplomacy
Major Doma Kirin Hughes the boost Washington's global image more people around the world have an unfavorable opinion of US
Posses than at any time and recent memory according to a new BBC poll released on Monday
The survey which pulled more than 26,000 people in 25 countries including the US between November and January found that a
49% plurality overall believes that the US is playing a mainly negative role in the world today
Absolutely compared to less than a third 32% of said Washington's influence was mainly positive and
And the 18 countries were response to rise the same question each of the past two years the latest poll thought a substantial drop in the percentage
You said they viewed US influence as positive from 40% in 2005 to 36% last year to 29% in 2007
According to world public opinion these days the US government hardly seems to be able to do anything right since Stephen Cull
Directed the University Merlin's program of international policy attitudes PIPA PIPA which along with Canada based globe scan conducted the survey
Can I take a peep at your peepa?
Germany and Indonesia were nearly three out of four respondents that they had a mainly negative opinion of US influence were the least favorable
While 69% of French and Turkish refunds agreed the sharpest drops in positive ratings over the past year were found in Poland
62% can 2006 compared to 38% in 2007
Indonesia 40 to 21% the Philippines 85 to 72 and an injure 44 to
30%
Respondents in the US also showed greater opposition to their government's policies than in previous years according to the survey
Another Washington Post ABC news poll released on the eve of the last night stayed the onion speech to Congress found that 65% of respondents opposed the so-called surge of
More than 21,000 additional US troops to Iraq while 48% called the word the most important issue today
Which is why didn't talk about it too much when there's a chaining?
It's over one. Oh my god the findings of the BBC poll echo those of another major survey of 14 foreign countries that released last
June by the Pew Research Center's global attitudes project it found that Washington's global image has slipped over the previous
Era especially in Europe and Asia as well as predominantly Muslim countries and that Washington's continuing intervention in Iraq appeared to be the main cause
The new BBC poll found that the most negative user you hope by
Policies pursued by the Bush administration connection when it's global war on terror and the Middle East
Nearly three out of four overall 73% said they disapproved of Washington's role in the Iraq war
Opposition was especially intense in Egypt, France and Lesbian on
More than three out of four respondents said they strongly disapproved hubb their and dare they said to Bush
Whatever that means at the same time more than two out of three 68% overall said US military presence in the Middle East
For folks more conflict and impregnance more than four out of five respondents in Latin American countries
Argentina, Brazil and Mexico and in too many too mainly Muslim countries Egypt and Indonesia took that position
Conversely only 17% overall said they thought Washington's military presence exercise
They stabilized the influence in the Middle East the most positive views on this question were found in Nigeria
The only country where a plurality was said of a stabilized in 49% the Philippines 41 and Kenya 40% can you believe it?
Perhaps not coincidentally the same three countries are the only ones aside from the US itself where
Majorities of respondents that Washington influence in the world was mainly positive
On related issues 67 67% two-thirds of all respondents said they disapproved of Washington's handling of detainees of Guantanamo
Only 16% concentrated in Kenya and Nigeria Indian the Philippines and US said they approved
Nearly two-thirds 65% of respondents overall said they disapproved the US policy during last summer's war between Israel and Las Vegas
Has been on his head block compared to 21% again concentrated in the same five countries who said they approved
How do you like that?
All right, so my best advice if you are going to get your passport in the hand and travel around the world is say hey
I'm Canadian a how's it going?
How's it going? Oh, is here?
That's that's the way to do it. That's what I do. I wear my Canadian cap and my tuk and all that stuff. Gotta get a tuk
Absolutely
You're gonna puke you don't have a tuk
Provincial I was speaking of puke while you're in the day. Oh, thank you. What's your here?
There's what blitzkrieg is not to make me puke
Hey, well fact is show us we'd get lost you and julieberman get out of my face
There are no two of them are enough to make me anti-Semitic, you know
Trailer than 17 votes we need 83 and 48 minutes. Boy, it's gonna be tense. What do you think Chris can we do it? Definitely
Well, give it a shot. Give it a big push
Wait, wait, wait, wait, watch the road for
Put the rubber on my neck
Can't you tell
You're in hell now you're in the dead
Hey, hold out of the shaggy, but there's a big issue for me
No, let's do this
Last thing I remember it was shot of dead
Yeah, I was learning my New Year's Eve recipes from Rachel Ray
And that's where it gets to life
I was learning friends with my bare mungi
They told me
I had my ship become full of juice
When I saw them bring me the news
You're I've been a little heinous, but I shot at that that got a tiny givoyate
And they told me
I was
That's a lot of
I'm gonna apologize
You better apologize
There's nothing else to work for
So I'm the downless name
That's what they've not
Holy, holy, holy, shout
Here I just get shot
And when he first arrived in hell
Oh, so downless and said
Where in the name of Lindsey
Oh, it's under Pam's Levi
I can't you tell
You're in hell
Now you're the infidel
Woo, it's very hot
I can tie it at
Holy crap
So, it's another thing
Oh, wait a minute, this is cool
I can light my cigar
Right off my own finger
That's what I just did during the last break
Holy, whatever he said
We got the Prove 38
And that's pretty great
We need 62 votes for that 1300
You people can do it, we got 41 minutes
In fact, you notice how the ratio is like narrowing, narrowing, narrowing, whatever
Yeah, whatever the hell that means
What does that mean? How big are you, friends?
Is that how you do?
We'll get it done, just we know we almost never failed
You know, unless you sit some how to go like
We need 2500 votes by a 130 or some stupid crap like that, we can't do that
Here's an article by Andrew Bart Schmuckler, remember him?
Who?
I don't know, I think it's too long
I don't think I'm going to get the whole thing
I never get that in by the break
So you got to pace it, man
Oh, here's one
This is disgusting
A high Alia man faces up to four life sentences after a brow adjury
Yesterday convicted him of sexual battery with a weapon
And several other charges
Stemming from an October 2005 attack in Davy
When I hear about sexual battery, it reminds me of Sally Fitz
Yeah
A woman was forced in her apartment
By an assailant who then raped it at her
And forced her to write them a check for 1400 bucks
Anthony Roberts, 26, was arrested in the ministry
To try to cash the check, he pleaded not guilty of the charges
That's a real rocket scientist, okay?
I'm going to rape you
And then write me a check and then I'll go try and cash it real fast
Need you to be deliberated for less than
Now our sends these schedules for February the
22
Lots of bad stuff in high Alia
All that stuff out there at Westland
Man where they're doing the limbo run
Be real careful next time you folks go to the T-room in the Westland
That's just my best advice to you
I think that Hank East Banky is still going on over there
On the morning after President Bush
The State of the Union speech
Today's New York Times reports on Iraq's fragile democracy
Says the raw story, it's pretty raw
The Iraq's parliament in recent months has been in the
distanced, still Damien K reports
Nearly every session since the member has been adjourned
Because this few of 65 members made it to work
Even as they in the absentees are in salaries
And benefits worth about 120 grand
Part of the problem is security
But Iraqi officials also said
They feared that members were losing confidence
In the institution in the country's fragile democracy
As chaos is deepened
Parliament's relevance is gradually receded
Let me read that again
As chaos is deepened
Parliament's relevance has gradually receded
The ill-signed important legislation most recently
The oil law now take place largely out of public view with parliament when it meets
Rubber stamping the final decisions
As a result, officials said
Vital legislation involving the budget, provincial elections, and amendments to the constitution
Remain trapped in a legislative process that processes nearly nothing
Except maybe that cheese, that craft cheese, that craft process cheese
Food product
American officials long hoped that the parliament could help foster dialogue between Iraq's increasingly fractured ethnic and religious groups
But that is not enough to happen either
Goated by American leaders frustrated and desperate to prove that Iraq can govern itself
Senior Iraqi officials have clearly had enough
Mr. Masha Donning, Mr. Misha Goyam said parliament would soon start firing members
400 are finding members for a debuts for a room of miscession
And replace the absentees if they fail to attend a minimum amount of the time
Some of Iraq's more seasoned leaders say attendance has been undermined by a widening sense of disillusionment
About the problem and stability to improve Iraq's daily life
Gournish Telfen is what they say
Now if they say in Iraq Gournish Telfen, all the turd
Too much Jew talk, man, you better cut it down
The country's dominant issue, security is controlled almost exclusively by the American military and the office of the prime minister
Every bombing like yesterday which killed 88 people at a downtime market
Suggest to some that parliament's laws are irrelevant in the face of sprawling chaos and the government's inability to stop it
All the more reason why we got to just give it a little more time
Give the Bushmeister a little more time, what do you say?
No!
And better take a drink of your fresco
It's a real messiah
You're going to apologize
I'm not going to
244 votes on the poll we need 56 votes and 37 minutes you do the math
Can you do it?
Man, I'm gagging
1246 see they're coming in like little chunks
I think that's what I got in my throat now, little chunks
What sucks most about AM radio?
What does your presence be?
He's got a lot of different views and different views
And look what we've shaken as standard, Dennis Christen and he's smiling
Dennis you should have sucked him right into the jaw
And now John Kerry is going to speak and I said won't that be exciting?
You want to hear John Kerry speak?
Nothing, nothing, nothing
That's what they said
That's what they said
He just said the thing about him is that here's a decorated Viet Namor veteran
And they swift voted him and he kind of like set back and took it, you know?
He just took it
Because he had the balls to tell it like it was during one of the most grotesque periods of time in a history
Although I will say this, I think this, there aren't as many dead soldiers yet
There's only about 363 now only as compared to 58,000 came home and body bags from Viet Nam
But here's a war against the country that didn't invade us, wasn't a threat to us
Wasn't that a kill nobody had nothing to do with 9-11, nothing to do with al-Qaeda
And the public is like, we don't look like that
And the polls say this and the polls say that and it's like, you know
What's the use? Am I correct? I think I'm correct
I think I'm correct
I got my thumb right on the heart of the issue
And that's because the public and the congressman, now we've got an Democratic congressman
And let's see them start to grow up here
Maybe let's see them start screaming bloody murder and yelling
That's what they should have been doing last night
They should have been getting on their feet and yelling, murderer, torturer, butchered
They should have been going crazy like that
Like Al Pacino
Addica, addica, addica, addica, I'm dying out of here
Dog day afternoon with the Frado
Right, right, John Castell
Is there any other movie we ever saw him in it? Was that pretty much it?
I don't care how many day go, getting you what, grease ball, gumbass come out of the woodware
I know, what? He's been in another room
What? What again? What they were?
I don't know, he's got a fontay, we'll never get that movie
I don't care how many day go, getting you what?
He's also dead, the guy that played the Jack Walzk
He died that's a longer remember?
Yes
Well, let's stop in the commanza he's dead
Right? Ape Vagoda, Tessio, he's dead
No, he's not? He's not
He's not and he's never done it
Get out of here, Ape Vagoda is insane
He wasn't dead for years and he refuses to die
Jack makes a point
I heard he sleeps with the fish
And what's his name, Arlen Brander, of course, is dead
They buried him in like 14, 15 caskets, they had like, kind of together
You know, it was not in the, not many movies actually
The deer hunter? Who wasn't?
John Kazalda
The godfather is the deer hunter, dog day, as you know
The conversation and the American way
The conversation with Jean Hackman, boys, that upon the risk movie, do you ever see that?
No, I heard that it was, so I avoided
It's a good table and it goes on and on
It's a guy, like some kind of secret agent
And he's listening and under these conversations
And he's in a truck, you know, and he's monitoring
And it's pretty boring
26 past 1 at QA and we got 12, 49 on a pull
We need 51 votes in 34 minutes
If this audience can't do that for us, it's gonna be a sad day
It'll be a losing day at Woodbuy in mind
I'll say that we'll find a bad machine
You can do it! I think they can
And let me ask you, if we get 1,300
You like it? I would love it
Yes
Who's frosting ad?
Tesios alive
Screw you!
This is the story of a coach named Nick Saving
He is the guy who just deserted the dolphins
Seems he doesn't care what other people might call him
He's chunking another nail into the dolphins' coffin
It didn't take long on Nick to decide
He was gonna leave and coach Grinsons' eye
Whenever he was asked about it, he always lied
But we watched Nick take the money and run
Go on, take the money and run
So long, take the money and run
Go on, take the money and run
So long, take the money and run
A long run, the sideline in that stupid hat
Equipped team and now they are feeling so flat
I wonder what Wayne Highs ain't go really things of that
The dolphins are sinking ship and Nick is a rat
Do you think he won't do that?
Every excuse Nick gets for leaving sounds lame
It doesn't take a step
A whole lot of money
Two coach for the ball game
That's below it
And if it was you, you know that you do the same
But yes, I guess that's why Nick doesn't feel any shame
Good for you
Go on, take the money and run
Listen to me
So long, take the money and run
How old are you?
Go on, take the money and run
Come back
So long, take the money and run
You are a mighty screw, yeah
That was good
That's your fit in there just beautifully
What a potty mouth the whole bag she is
But you're right, she's a real hoot
She's my kind of judge
133, oh there's those two missing kids again
They aren't missing anymore which I'm really tired of that story
You mean those ones that liked it according to Bill O'Reilly?
As a matter of fact, don't you remember when Bill had that kid on he asked him
You like it?
Yeah, that was the first thing I asked
From 160 month of votes, they got 27 minutes for 39 votes
Oh, that should be easy, should be a piece of cake
Cake?
So anyway, Tessio is still a lot of crinomob
We got five of the experts out there
Right, radio man
What?
Why'd you look it up?
No, I don't have to look it up
Abe Fagoda?
He's immortal, he's never gonna die
Well, I sure wish we had some of those droppings
Like where he says, we hid Bruno to fire you at three o'clock this morning
It's just the way he said it, he was great, he's gonna...
And he's still alive, how do you like that?
Let me tell you something, my crout, Nick Friend?
This is legitimate, I swear
I can't be that look of brush, he sleeps with the fish
Oh, it's magic, even if you want to conjure up Mowgreen
You say, let's hear some Mowgreen
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mowgreen!
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
I want to make them an offering, come with you
Oh, Paulie wants to eat him no more
See, he was beautiful, he was young, he was innocent
See, he was the greatest piece of ass I've ever had
And I've had him all over the world
Stop smiling, I'm not giving everybody said
Like, no, I'm not smiling and I want the fish
You're thinking of Sperry Pursuit
He, you know, I hate to say it, but I've been Marlon Brando
You said that the other day didn't you?
That's sunny James Cullin, he was great, he was a sterical
When he said his hand the best
When he bit his hand, you know, when he was getting beat up
Yeah, I'll wait, I'll wait
265 votes on the poll, yeah, I got to see the, I was getting 85 messages last night about the fact that the, there are all these different versions of it, you know
Probably of any movie that's ever been made
There are more different versions available on VHS and DVD, the Godfather than any other one
There's the trilogy, there's the, whatever
What's that other one called?
The Billy Godfather's saga
Yeah, saga's saga, whatever
Anyway, let's get back to this thing, okay, so fish is still alive, that's good
Thank God he don't sleep with the fishes, like Luca Brasi
It's an old, it's a city and message
Now, how about Sicily? Sicily, I don't know, you want to go there?
I was talking last week about that, remember?
Corleone? Yeah, why not?
Corleone, maybe what's his name?
Has a, or Liam of the Telly
The old man will still be sitting there, I don't think Apologria is going to be sitting there
Yeah, I don't know that
Pobrititu
For Paralalaakina
364, let me say it again, it's not a tenon
Don't be, it's not a tenon, it's not a doll
That's why they're making sense, I'm not saying that
Well, he's so crappy Italian anyway, didn't he?
Who did Al Pacino? Michael, yeah
Well, last time I checked he has a vol move on the end of his name, Al Pacino is a...
I don't mean that, Liam is a kid, I don't mean that
Oh, he didn't, okay, not if you raised here
Maybe he was looking for Chinquanta Banana
I haven't seen that guy again, or is Pacino really white?
Yeah, I hope they're not there today
Everybody get on your knees and pray, Neil gets a really good machine today, it would buy
Maybe he only usually goes on Monday, Thursday, Saturday, Wednesday
From 64 on a pool, we need 36 votes and 24 minutes
I have a feeling, this audience is going to come through, I've been to their leaning on it right now
As soon as they get off their knees after praying for the old man in the machine
I think they're leaning on, if you think so, I can feel it, I can smell it
Maybe that's what you're smelling in the studio
Maybe it's the stench of all that rotten equipment you got in that studio that you're surrounded with
That could be
You know something, we officially announce today we just don't care, you know, we don't care
That's right, we can make our own show here
We don't need any assistance from engineering, from the sales department, from the management department, only from a girl
Seriously, next time I, if I ever see him again, I'm going to give him a kiss right on the leaps
All warden, he'll leap
He'll leap from the heart away
Now I'm just going to give him a kiss on the cheek
I think he's a little bit, he couldn't handle it
You think? No
No
Well why not? He'll run like a son of a bitch
Just seriously, why do I miss him?
I told you, all the young guys, everybody, old guys, young guys
They kiss each other on both cheeks when they see each other
Both cheeks when they're on the count, yeah
And France, yeah
In Italy, yeah, especially in Spain
The homocontinent
They always say that they're in Spain
The hell they don't
I know some Spaniards and they never try to kiss me on the cheek
I'll tell you what they do, Kirsto
Oh, brother, between them
You got a limit, just don't even go there, okay?
This is going to be just like that Kenny and Beaumorne showed this morning, okay?
Johnson, my ass, that's all I have to say
Look at that, there's Joe Biden, there's Chris Dodd, and there's Chuck Hagel
The foreign relationship committee, but I'll be put a loop, put him up and on
More time, give his Iraq plan to send more troops, they are more time
Well, 12 hours later, 9 am, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Gabbled in hearing where they were going to discuss and debate
A resolution that they just passed, the vote was 12 to 9
One Republican crossed over, a Republican sponsor of that resolution
Chuck Hagel, and essentially what this resolution non-binding symbolic resolution says
is that it is not in the national interest of the United States
to send more troops to Iraq, they changed the language slightly
There was a word in there escalated, it had said that it was not in the national interest
So they passed a 9 by the resolution, you know what it means?
Nothing, but a beep, put him up
Krap, you can unwrap all the slime all the time
See, I ain't never said no, now that's the current envoy
The vote is the new envoy, about 15 to 10
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I ain't never said no, now that's the new envoy
The president is saying that the new envoy, that he also hate me, might as well be the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
He got no chance
But I'm not on the boy's lap, I'm the boy's lap that's just in the air
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy
The new envoy, the new envoy
Look out the window
Urghh Asshole
He's the new secretary
What the日?
Take the coal
Hurry, run away
Right there!
1.44-16-3iencies, two men coming up top of the air
We got 1280 votes and I thought we were doing a slide right in there to 1300 and all the sentences like stopped
It's like we've got caught in the deep freeze 1280
How do you like that? I read no not all right. We need 20 votes in 15 minutes. Shouldn't be that
We did the feasiel but nevertheless get out at folks
We really disappointed with break my old heart anybody believe it. No, I'm just making it up
But it would it would be a disappointing
And you know what I've been forgetting to remind this audience almost all day
That
Somebody a fax is this and it says this news is a little bit old
But I thought you might find it interesting also that he got a big billboard advertising
Man Cowell and Moral Gables so I turned it on right in front of the billboard heard nothing but static
At night their signal is not existing. They can hear W ABC from New York better than WME N or WFTL
Which also have a like oh point oh point oh like that
And then here's another one it says broadcaster William Beach has filed a lawsuit against James Crystal broadcasting owned by Jim Higgard
claiming
trademark and what I say trademark trademark and Frenchman over use of the name man talk
Radio Incas learned that James Crystal allegedly contacted beige from permission to use the name which beige has used in radio shows and more recently online
Beach BG
Emerald what his name is clando of decline permission
But the company went ahead branded WME and a M anyway formally WJ and a West Palm Beach's man talk. I thought this show was man talk
It's never when I talk about most of the time is man talk right mm
According to Beaches attorney the students about James Crystal broadcasting's violation of the Florida deceptive and anti trade practices act
Which will potentially work BG ten thousand dollars for each time?
Oh, yeah for each time the name man talk was used on the air which could add up to millions and millions and five
Zillions and trillions and consider the cuz it is a dollars when contacted by radio ink James crystal VP GM Steve Lapa and
The normal cancer is everything he touches turns to a dung
Steve Lapa said that he and his company don't think a suit over the right to a word has much mirrored
Lapa wouldn't come at further because the ongoing litigation the matter Frank schedule for this Friday now wasn't it
Betcha Christmas is what's the word that
Pat Riley had
Three three P is not the word yes, and then he sued bunch of people and he won the suit
I believe over the award three P which he invented three P
Well, I know he invented it but he trademarked it. I'm gonna
He trademarked it and he sued people and whatever three P
How many cigarettes you got in your pocket three P
And we got 12 84 and we need some more you know that this is not it looked like it was gonna be a no no drainer
Probably the oh probably he's six we need 14 votes in 13 minutes should be a breach and then they finesse degrees
Well, we'll see we'll see whether the audience comes through or whether there's a premature evaluation
Peter Flaum on common dreams. Or writes a victim is responsible to 9 11's aftermath
He says I'm a victim of 9 11. I was in the building when the plane hit compared to some people
I was lucky I wasn't injured. I kept my job. I got home easily
But compared to the vast majority of Americans I'm a victim I had glass in my hair
I lost years working some irreplaceable items my family went crazy for while wondering if I was okay my kid had nightmares
You explain to a five-year-old why in his words they crashed into the building on purpose or replied to I thought pilots were good people
But I'm a victim in other way. I share part of this victimhood with all other Americans
I'm a victim not a terror but the so-called war on terror. I'm a victim of government that is out of control
I'm a victim of crushing national debt
I'm a victim because I live in a country that went from having the sympathy of the world to one that is a
Pariah and outcast among nations a rogue state. I'm a victim because now I have to watch what I say
I'm a victim because my rights are violated not by some nebulous and
Inemical group of terrorists but my but my own government. They don't speak for me
But another way I don't share this other victimhood my victimhood is being abused. I've watched for years
As my government our government is whittled away my rights still in my freedoms and wreck the Constitution in the name of a false security
I've watched and watched and watched as that used my name my victim would to make me a victim once again
They don't speak for me. So I'll post this diary and I will take action. I will volunteer. I'll give money
I'll make a difference. This is my country. This is my victimhood and I will not have it abused. I'm no martyr
I have no death wish. I hope that no terrorist ever strikes anywhere again
But the founders of this country knew what they were doing. They wanted freedom
They demanded freedom. They put their lives their fortunes and their sacred honor on the line to win freedom and now it's reduced to this
But it is worse even than this it would be one thing to pay to have you a price to increase our safety
But we've paid the price for nothing
We've arrested thousands of people and let them go. We've spied on our own citizens. It found out nothing
We've relied ourselves with torturers and yet we are not safe
Abu Garret indeed by making our enemies unite
We've made ourselves weaker and our enemies stronger
This victim demands an end to the war on terror that is really a war on America impeach the president
Rights Peter flama statistician and nonprofit research company independent consultants manhandwood is life into kids
Impete to the president to which I would say
Absolutely
A-man sir
1286 is this thing stuck or what how about Elvis and stuck on you ever to go to it? Yeah, I did
Reloaded while we got 1290. No, I don't know
We got 12 1286. It's still stuck there on the same number that can't be possible could it? I'm not it's a connection
Timeout problems over here. Well, that's pretty interesting because all of a sudden when we need 1390 votes
It's like this thing is un-gapot's good as they say in Denmark. It's just been stuck on air like now. You know that's not possible
Maybe Eric has frozen it just make it a little more starting to think you
Mr. Freeze there's Elvis and stuck on you baby
Get a crane get a crowbar, please
Okay, I think I think there's something wrong with this thing. Yeah, it's stuck at 1286 and you know that's that is not legit
You'll do what?
You have to tell our kid what is somebody is poaching around with our dam a computer on her
You know it's got to be an active or something active the devil. I think it's the Polish stuck
ask him if his Polish stuck
1286 and it's just sitting there and I'm refreshing and refreshing
Ha like that and it ain't doing the same thing
Not good. That's not a good omen for my afternoon in the wood by no I have to go to like start with a nickel machines
I just love watching those people I realize that a lot of people are sluppers
They are entitled to have a good time. Whatever. It was all relative yada yada yada
But I just don't know about that you know and the two sent machines. They were played the two penny machines
No, I didn't know they had any or I was there and they are jammed this thing is stuck man. It's still about 1286
So somehow some way somebody has put the evil spirals into our
Polar don't you think put the whammy on it?
They put they maybe they're looking those old shows from whammy that would do it for me
God it's sucked
Yeah, thanks a lot for that Marvin. That's another one of your good friends Marvin almost forgot about him Marvin the raw man
You know one thing he had in common with default. Let me tell you that's what I heard
That's just a rumor going around town. So what's next the most about AM radio? We're still 1288
Now in other words, you really think they're coming in that slowly now
1288 we got 12 to go in eight minutes. I mean, it's a possibility still
But boy, we are really up against the wall ever been up against the wall 1291 that we need nine in eight minutes
Yeah, I think these people got loaded with false insecurity. I think it's Chris's fault
That's it. I think a Chris would have come on there and really started threatening these people were like physical harm and believe me
You could do it Chris has done a come to your house and sit on you
I beg your pardon because we're not taking calls WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Now we'll get 13
4th radio 560
131 s speed
Don't even stop us, you questions! Just follow Undofei!
Everybody's turning past it!
Ashes USA!
In the acts of patriotism, you're watching all of you!
Everyone's on the suspicion! So what do you do?
This act is formation! Undo you might let fools!
In push for the landmation! That's as USA!
Oh, they gotta hate those Jews! And Clinton's if arrows to them!
Why not believe everything we can do?
Undofei! Run, you! You're fair!
Blood-worn, poor, poor, and flat! Be let your escalade!
A roof in tiny bush venue! That's as USA!
Act! We don't mind you see our jobs!
So, abide our time of these wounds! We're fascinated by trade!
Reckham!
Don't need no stupid wounds! All the hour is within!
The acts of patriotic and way!
Everybody's turning past it!
Ashes USA!
Oh, Lord! Bye!
