Good day, man. It's a bitch.
Attention, Iraqi citizens.
Your friendly occupiers are now offering up to $200,000.
You want $200,000?
For any information you can provide about green-missing GIs and Dick Jamie's wallet.
Yeah, it does.
Man, must've fell out of my pants.
If you will.
Send smoke signals now.
Or your chance to win up to $200,000.
$200,000.
$200,000.
$200,000.
That's $200,000.
$200,000.
Reward money will be distributed according to size, shape, and gender of GIs.
The entire amount will be remodeled for the retrieval of Dick Jamie's wallet and the GIs will be on the wrong.
Unbacked residents may be subject to clean torture, and greater restrictions may apply.
America reserves the right to lie and not pay anything.
Offer in, set the beginning of the next March of my news cycle, not available in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Kazakhstan, or any stand, including Hollywood and Stan, not a couple to the law.
Now what about Stan Major?
It's been a 1 at 5.60 W.C.M. happy day after Memorial Day, and George said he had a sensational time yesterday.
Yeah, boy, it was fun.
And guess what?
What?
Next Wednesday, you'll be on vacation.
We got a Marlin game.
1230, John Hortus was just in there, and he said he wouldn't feel in for it unless we had at least one Marlin game.
Well, glad we could accommodate.
And early exit, and so I looked it up, and then he went through a whole solid and answer about he wants to take his Russian girlfriend and go to Amsterdam.
Right?
It's expensive.
Right?
Doesn't everybody want to go to Amsterdam?
I do.
Yeah, you do.
You can't afford to go.
He wants to go.
Everybody wants to go to Amsterdam, but it's too expensive, and I said, well, good luck to you.
So I looked up, you know, to see how much it's too much.
And don't start looking at me.
I noticed something.
I could, for what I lost on Saturday at Fallsview and Agro Falls, I could have sent you and him and his Russian girlfriend to Amsterdam.
Could have paid for the airfare, could have paid for the hotel, and a few bucks for a funny money.
Too late now.
So anyway, I got two skeptics.
They're Chris and Josh Gordes are laughing up their sleeve.
They don't think that I'm going to stop going to a woodbine in Fallsview and stuff like that.
I don't really care.
See, the thing with the sugar, that's different. That's an addiction.
I'm not addicted to gambling.
A lot of people are, I'm not.
You don't believe it either?
No.
Didn't go yesterday.
Okay.
One day in a row.
Won't go tomorrow.
No one went to tomorrow.
Enough with that.
I mean, but I don't think it's a problem, see. So I'm not going to give you a hard time about it.
What do you mean by that?
I think it's just a fun. It's a hobby. It's a diversionary work.
It's not fun anymore.
It's not fun.
When you know you have no chance, how can it be fun?
Right.
Well, at that point, that's when you stop.
That's what I just got to tell you. No mosh, baby. No more.
I don't want to go through a whole song dance. Well, change my life.
I didn't lose so much money that it's going to miss any meals or anything like that.
But it's not fun. It's a sucker thing.
You know, a fool in his money is soon farted.
Well, let's talk about eating scolic farting again or dropping the bomb.
Seriously, I heard a half an hour of that and I just, you know,
I'm thinking to myself, do I really have to come back to work today?
Or is this maybe another holiday that nobody told me about?
Is it like Shibuya's part two?
I mean, Jesus, God Almighty.
How is that gay?
I thought that was like a segment they did once a week.
I guess that's the whole show now, right?
Well, it's Tuesday is when they do it, but maybe they do it for the whole show or not.
Oh, yeah, that's the new show. Are you gay?
If you do this, are you?
Gay.
If you do that?
And who gives a crap when you come right down to it?
But gay people?
Because Ethan's cold again.
And of course, I told you that already without hearing that gross story about somebody dropping a bomb.
See, they can talk about fart all morning long and I'm sure that's okay.
But if we played one, then the world's going to come crashing down on our heads.
Right.
Speaking of the world crashing down on your head,
8 US troops killed yesterday on Memorial Day appropriately enough.
But who's coming?
That's right. An attack in Iraq's diallop province, the US military official said,
and today, three people kidnapped from an Iraq finance ministry building on Palestine street in North Central Baghdad.
Meanwhile, two car bombs rocked separate areas of Baghdad today, killing at least 38.
And it goes on and on and on.
They're just numbers on a sheet of paper somewhere, to most everybody.
And the media doesn't give a crap.
There's your illiterate president.
And I promised this to the people of Darfur.
Yeah, I promise that you ought to go over there and dismiss a few meals yourself.
You bozo, you butcher, you murderer.
I don't blame him anymore, though.
We know he's crazy.
Him and Cheney and the whole bunch. They're crazy people.
The problem that I told you this years ago is that there's only one political party in America.
Right.
That's the problem. Republicans know crap.
It's all pretty much the same.
All a bunch of crooks, bunch of lunatics.
Spinalist cowards.
Even poor Cindy Sheen, she's bailing out.
And you know why she's bailing out? I'll get to that story in a minute.
She's bailing out because nobody cares.
Right.
I mean, there's a few people that carry on a handful of people show up to these gatherings.
800 here, 900 there.
Nobody gives a crap.
Because the American public has been desensitized all this.
They've just thrown in the towel and said, well, nothing we can do about it.
What time is advancing with a star that's going to be on?
Speaking of star, look who died.
Boy, what happened to a bow didly?
He's in Florida now. He had a stroke or something. Is he still alive?
I didn't see.
Bow didly. He's in the island.
He's in the move to a Florida hospital.
And that's the last I've seen about him.
But anyway, Charles Nelson Raleigh is dead.
Oh my God.
And of course, anybody under the age of 100 is in.
Who's that? Oh, just another queen.
In fact, he'd have been there.
They should have talked about him when they were doing about the lilac candles this morning.
Whatever that was.
Ethan Skolnick dropping a bomb that smells so bad.
That was the show.
At any rate, Charles Nelson Raleigh, Tony Award winner later became known for his
Rive All Appearances on the Tonight Show.
And various game shows has died. He was 76.
Raleigh, that Friday in LA of complications from pneumonia.
His partner Patrick Hughes told The New York Times, partner which is code for gay,
as if that was some secret, right?
Raleigh began his career in New York City taking acting classes at a studio with Steve McQuarrie.
There was more than one McQueen in that class, Jury Lane Page and Hal Holbrook.
In 1962, he appeared on Broadway as Bud Frump.
In the original Broadway production of How to succeed in business without really trying,
the role won Raleigh, Tony Award.
He was nominated for Tony again for Plank Cornelius and Hello Dolly.
In 1970, we received another nomination for directing Julie Harrison Charles Durning
in a revival of the gin game.
After moving to Hollywood in the 60s, he had a recurring role as the nervous Claymore Greg on the TV hit The Ghost in Mrs. Mewrode.
He was featured guest on the Dean Martin Show.
He gained fame by becoming, well, he described as a game show fixture in the 70s and 80s.
It was a regular on programs like Match Game.
Is that where we mostly know Charles from Match Game?
That's right. That's what I mentioned.
And Hollywood Square is often wearing giant glasses and colorful suits with Ascot's.
His larger than life for son and affinity for double-on-times also led him on the tonight show,
with Johnny Carson more than 95 times, Raleigh,
who had recently, roughly admitted his wild game show appearances at Verstay Effective is Acting to Rear.
You can't do anything else once you do a game show as he told the advocate the National Game Magazine in 2001,
you have no career.
His final work was not a biographical one-man show, Saved for the States,
the life of Raleigh about his family life growing up in the Bronx.
The title grew out of the fact that he would act out as a child,
as mother would often admonish him to save it for the stage.
Oh no.
A drama queen.
The stage show was made into the 2006 feature film called The Life of Raleigh.
Raleigh's slam-boy and TV persona was ahead of its time and sometimes stood in his way.
He would call the network executive telling him they don't let queers on television.
How do you like that?
Guess what?
Yeah, surprise.
He was his only immediate survivor, said Raleigh had been ill for more than a year.
No memorial plans have been announced.
There's that.
Charles Nelson Raleigh dead.
There would be a good poll sometimes.
Only promise in one of those dated things again.
You know, your favorite dead.
Have we done that?
Favorite dead TV again show, Pamela?
We could.
See the differences things like that are timeless.
I know chicken echoed vote for Dorothy Kill Gallum.
Here's George's poll for me yesterday.
We had a whopping 321.
Yeah.
Well, it was more, first of all, let me just say two things.
Sure glad that you used that poll.
Sorry, Charlie, they can't all be good.
Sorry.
And number two is Memorial Day.
So what do you expect?
I mean, it started at like 930.
Wouldn't you change it at 130?
What do you mean by that?
Because it was like a close to 300 before the show ended.
Well, I changed it about five or six.
Okay.
Are you trying to get defensive now?
It was Memorial Day.
It was a holiday for six.
What are you getting defensive?
Next thing you know, maybe a party wheel band and Chris has been letting us out.
And then vote campers are getting ready.
Oh, I was there.
Whoa, that makes you gay.
I just can't deal with it.
I just cannot stand it.
I can't emotionally and mentally deal with the fact that they're doing what they're doing.
Here's the poll from George yesterday.
321 votes.
Who are what did you pick profanity up from?
Friends 228.
Parents 34.
Josh Dangett.
I don't use profanity 13.
Where do you know what we don't believe you?
Damn it.
Movie 13, siblings 13, TV 7.
What kind of effing profanity you pick up from TV?
Everything else?
That's back in the day.
When you could say crap on TV, now you can only talk about people farting, but you sure can't make the sound.
Comedians 5.
Other relevant is 4.
Radio 3.
Right.
As in Ducci Box.
Books 1.
Magazines and newspapers.
None and music.
None.
Well, that's because we don't have no rap crowd in this audience.
We had a bunch of rappers out there that would have all of a zid in votes.
Yeah, well, they already learned it before the music.
No, they didn't.
You starting to pick on the rap crowd?
I think I know what direction that's going in.
I think it's got kind of like a racial thing to it.
How about reading a book?
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Not a magazine.
Not a magazine.
No, not a sports page.
Not a sports page.
Read a book.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
I love that thing.
I'm going to watch it all day.
786 votes on a poll today.
Wow, how do you like that?
What's the worst form of entertainment?
It's another one of Charlie B and a much better poll.
And then you pick that one.
It's always pick a crappy one and waste it on the holiday.
It's always a good one on the holiday.
That's right.
That's a throw away.
786.
What's the worst form of entertainment?
Chris is pleased to know that we're going to make a thousand today.
Not too much more than that.
Rap music.
I'm going to read a book.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Read a mother's grasp of books.
Often's on deck.
Some fish, Marlon's on deck.
The Marlon's at the cups at 8.05.
And then Gina would get a K after the Marlon and Cup game.
Bear of exploding balls.
All the white folks hate the black folks.
And the black folks hate the white folks.
To hate all but the right folks is an old established rule.
But during, national brotherhood week,
National brotherhood week,
Lean a horn and sheriff park are dancing cheek to cheek is.
One to utilize them.
People you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
Older poor folks hate the rich folks.
And the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks.
It's American as apple pie, but during.
National brotherhood week,
National brotherhood week,
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very chic.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand.
You can tolerate him if you try.
Older Protestants hate the Catholics.
And the Catholics hate the Protestants.
And the Hindus hate the Muslims.
And everybody hates the Jews but during.
National brotherhood week,
National brotherhood week gets.
National everyone smile at one and other hood week.
Be nice to people who are inferior to you.
It's only for a week so have no fear.
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
10.19 at 5.60 W.D.C.
I'm happy Tuesday.
Time to get back at it, baby.
All you people have been screwed off on a holiday weekend
and getting drunk and stuff like that.
Time to get back to your nose to the grindstone, right?
Right. Right.
I don't really feel like it.
I was thinking yesterday,
I said this back about a year and a half ago when Jolly Joe first showed his fat ass on the scene.
I remember saying at the time,
very shortly after he showed up,
I said if these people are on the payroll across the street
or for somebody who was off to destroy this radio station,
they couldn't have done a better job under any circumstances.
I remember that.
It was sabotage.
Sure.
And here we are a year and a half later and I'm thinking,
good, Gully, miss Money,
they are doing a heck of a job, Brownie, how?
It's unbelievable.
And so I have to pick myself up by fat boot straps every day
and just keep plodding ahead,
but I just wonder,
what's it all about, Alfie?
I mean, there had to be at least a half an hour
about Ethan's school dropping a bomb,
an SDBM or whatever it was.
I couldn't figure whether it was solid or animal vegetable or mineral.
What it was?
I mean, it was it smelled real bad and it came from the net part of the body.
And he went out and got some lilac candles
and brought them in the room and also some popo rey and stuff like that
and made him gay, whatever.
And poopy rey?
Some poopy rey, yeah.
I thought just about everybody,
whether you're gay or straight or in between or on the side.
Everybody used some kind of air freshener, don't they?
Well, especially they're cutting them all the time, yeah.
Well, I'm not talking about if they're cutting them all the time.
I think what we ought to do is cut and run from these sports writers
who are destroying WQAM.
That's what we ought to do is cut the, uh, cut bait.
What do they say?
Fish or cut bait.
Fish or cut bait. That's the saying, right?
Cut, almighty, between Alex Marvin.
And they're talking about all these guys this morning too.
Alex Marvez and this one and that one and, uh, oh.
It's like that. It's like the station has been taken over by a bunch of crappy sports writers
which nobody reads their columns anyway.
Who the hell reads the newspaper?
Do you read any? Well, you read?
Are you kidding me? I wouldn't party my finger with it.
You read those columns by Michael Holdemail
and well, we don't even have him on, do we?
He's probably on a closest street.
It's just, it's just, uh, disheartening is what it is.
If you're paying, if you're paying somebody to do a radio show,
why the hell do you need, if they're not competent to do this show,
what are you paying him for?
You follow what I'm saying? What do you say?
And they're supposed to be the experts.
Good. Oh, look what we have on Wednesday from two to four.
We have Evan Cohen Wednesday and Thursday.
Oh, let me take a look at this schedule. Wait a minute.
We get into this time of the year when Man Dogg Hardly works.
I hate that kind of stuff. And Friday, Gildy.
Oh, my God.
How did he say?
Wow.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And look at that.
Possibly you end baseball super regional.
It says here on Friday.
Oh, hopefully starting at 10 o'clock in the morning.
What does that mean?
They're going to put you in baseball on the middle of the day again,
like they have done before.
Oh, I just, I don't even know what they all, that's all about.
I thought that was all over with the college baseball.
I thought they already had the college world serious and all that stuff.
Did they have that Chris?
No.
They did not?
No, they had the ACC tournament.
You're crazy. You're a crazy person.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Possibly super regional.
Maybe it'll be like 11 o'clock in the morning, which I would say.
Oh, don't do it.
Don't do it, because then it will be the same thing that happened to us before.
We had that UM basketball on there.
But that's okay.
If UM's in it, man, we got it.
If it's Tiddly Winks, if it's the old, you know,
big yards, pocket pool, whatever the hell it is.
If UM's doing it, man, we'll put it on the ear.
And Clare, it's going to be there doing the blow-by blow.
You can be sure of that.
Cindy Sheen threw in the college.
She said she gave up.
That's sad, you know?
Cindy Sheen, the California mother, became an anti-war leader actor.
Her son was killed in Iraq to clear the yesterday.
She was walking away from the peace movement.
She said her son died for nothing.
And as usual, she's right on target.
She's right.
All these people that are dying over there are human sacrifice.
They are dying for absolutely nothing.
And this bunch of lunatics, they ought to be on death's role right now.
They ought to be like in federal prison, what they've done.
And Nancy Pelosi says, impeachment's off the table.
But it means, but it moved, but about you've got no parties in America.
We actually have one party.
We don't have any party.
Only party have her like a, well, yesterday and on the 4th of July in Labor Day.
Party. Right.
And I'm the guest keyhole.
He's like, put your ass in like that.
That's a party.
But other than that, politically, it just sucks.
Oh, you know, call me when the party starts.
Yeah, that's right.
She and achieved national attention when she camped outside President Bush's home in Crawford, Texas throughout August of 2005
to demand a meeting with the president over his son's death.
While Bush ignored her, the vigilator won one of the most prominent figures among opponents of the war.
But in a wet diary posted to the liberal online community daily consciousness today,
she and said she was exhausted by the personal, financial, and emotional toll of the past two years.
She's given up.
She wrote that she's disillusioned by the figure of democratic politicians to bring me on popular word to an end.
And tired of a peace movement, she said, often puts personal egos above peace and human life.
Casey, she in a 24-year-old army specialist, was killed in April 2004, battled in Baghdad.
His death prompted his mother to found gold star families for peace.
But in her 12-hundred-word letter titled Good Written's Attention Horror,
she announced that her son did indeed die for nothing.
I've tried ever since he died to make his sacrifice meaningful, she wrote,
Casey died for a country which cares more about who'll be next American idol than how many people will be killed the next few months
while Democrats and Republicans play politics with human lives.
It is so painful to me to know that I've brought a bottom of the system for so many years,
and Casey paid the price for that allegiance.
I failed my boy and that hurts the most.
Cindy, she and sister, D.D. Miller told CNN that the group would continue working for humanitarian causes,
but drop its involvement in the anti-war movement.
And as for her sister, D.D. Miller said, she cried for quite a bit after writing it.
She warned that the U.S. was becoming a fascist, corporate wasteland,
and that one time allies among Bush's Democratic opposition turned on her
when she began trying to hold him accountable for bringing the four-year-old war to a close.
In the meantime, she said her antiwar activism had crossed her marriage
that she had put the survivor's benefits paid for her son's death,
and all her speaking and booking fees had crossed,
and that she now owed extensive medical bills.
I'm going to take whatever I have left and go home, she wrote.
I'm going to go home and be a mother to my surviving children,
and try to regain some of what I've lost.
I'll try to maintain a nurture of some very positive relationships that I found in the journey
that I was forced into when Casey died, and try to repair some of the ones
that have fallen apart since I began the single-minded crusade
to try and change a paradigm that is now I'm afraid carved in an immovable,
unbendable, and rigidly mendacious marble.
Wow.
It's a lot of words.
Big words.
A lot of words are rigidly mendacious marble.
Poor Cindy, she gave it her best shot and nobody gives a crap,
including most of the Democrats.
So, okay, they're busy, but they're busy, but they're busy,
but about the day a wimp's like Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid,
all of these wimp's.
And of course, swillery, she's running around.
Wow, I was in before, I was before I was before it,
and I was before I was in all that other waffle crap, man.
They're open up the waffle house, Democrats,
because that's what they do best.
First, it was Carrie Wafflin.
844 votes.
I'm not going to get excited about it, because nobody cares, you know.
Right.
I'd rather hear about Ethan Skolnick farting and lighting a lilac candles in his house.
I got some candles.
I'd like to know why the hell vote camper was there over at Ethan Skolnick's house in the first place, huh?
What were you doing there, Kimba?
You're fair.
Jesus.
844, the worst form of entertainment is rap music 402.
Rap music's going to win hands down your pants,
even if your pants are down to your ankles, man.
These kids now, man, I know it's been going on for years,
but now it's getting ridiculous.
Yeah.
So we're going to pants down like around their ankles for Christ's sake.
I would know, and he has forget about that.
Talking about underwear.
Is it like just a stickin' right out?
Professional, and of course, if they're ugly, it's not a good thing.
Professional wrestling 140, sports talk radio won away.
The worst form of entertainment.
108 people say that.
Wow.
What indictment that is?
And look who's doing his icy hotspot on my TV right now.
Oh, God.
Stop it before it continues.
Operate 83 made for TV movie 52, modern art 32,
and Broadway musicals like Bye-Bye Burdy 27.
New York.
Yeah.
Farewell, old well, eat monkey brains in hellin'.
Now that your deadlet leaves a few extra views for us to eat,
and we can drill your foot back for hot gas.
You're fair.
I hope the tree goes through your eyes.
Bracket them.
Keep your white load castin'.
That's when us ain't longer,
or no longer see on content shows
with all those white, gregar media boo.
The load can't help you now,
as the paint know it's you down,
into your plain naked eye.
I'm afraid you crooked twerk.
We're gonna take the stinky, stinky onion on your brain.
Oh, my God.
And all this composting over here.
Keep the casket through a white open for that Broadway show.
So you both very face to face.
Or as to as would be so much preferable,
1032, one good ass deserves another.
That's what what's your name said, Jennifer Conley.
Right.
Let's watch that again.
In fact, let's play the audio during the show today.
The whole of movie show.
Let's do it now.
All right.
Speaking of America,
and the fact that it's become an outdoor in Santa Son,
a disgruntled customer shot a cashier at Wendy's early this morning.
You know, I hate to say it,
because I do like Wendy's the food anyway,
as compared to the other fans' food joints.
I like Wendy's the,
I don't know, maybe Taco Bell the best in men's Wendy's.
Would you agree with that or not?
Okay, well, they're different,
so it's hard to compare,
but as far as burger places, Wendy's young.
Oh, yeah, by far.
I love their food.
But going through the drive through Wendy's over the years has been experienced,
so I could write a book about it.
I mean, just, you know,
and there are times when you,
and especially as you start driving away,
and you've learned to open up the sack and look in there,
and I didn't order any of this.
There was nothing even related to what I ordered in this bag.
You idiot, you moron, you...
You're fair, right.
It happened at 12.20 this morning,
right after midnight at 181.81.
Northwest 27th Avenue said Carlos Morra,
a date police spokesman.
The details of the incident are unclear.
This is from the hero just to out off the press,
but police know that the customer got into a verbal dispute with the cashier.
Did this view result of the...
I wanted fries without you, moron.
Did this view result of the customer shooting several times at the cashier?
The cashier was struck in the arm,
was taken to the writer,
trauma center, with Jackson Morra,
heel recover. He'll be fine.
He was only struck in the arm,
but I guess the customer was really pissed off,
and he said I had him several times,
and you know why?
Because he had a gun.
Oh, because it's the American effort.
When I said my gun, I got a piece, baby, I got a piece of it,
and I'm going to blow your crap away,
because you put mayo on my burger.
You idiot, you...
You're fair, right.
I like that.
See, so we've graduated now from shooting somebody,
because they took your parking spot,
with, you know, they got some thinking nerve-taking,
your parking spot.
You've been driving round and round,
and you finally find a nice spot,
and you're back up right at all of a sudden,
some jackass comes wheeling in there right in front of you,
and cuts you off and pulls in that spot.
I would say, pull him away, you know.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, man, that's where it's at.
867 on the pull.
Chris, you're safe.
We'll get over a thousand a day.
Okay, cool.
You don't care.
You'd rather talk about Ethan's skull,
and about how he farts a lot, or whatever.
No, I can say that the pull is much more important than that.
I mean, seriously, is this where we've been reduced to,
is that this station has been...
It's been kidnapped by the flunky sports riders,
as a sub-floor, okay?
Andrew Rosenhouse, Stingbury, Schwartz, Kranz.
Am I right?
They're all over the station.
Now, even Manditch has got these people on the air now.
Who the hell the hell did he have on me?
They've hide on a few days ago, and I'm thinking to myself,
isn't this the same gymman that used to say,
no guests, guests suck.
Oh, right.
That's what he used to say.
Guests are killer.
And he's right.
It's narrow, it's taking narrow casting,
and slicing up the pie, even that much more.
If you'd like to take a small slice of pecan pie,
and then slicing it about 10 times, you know what I'm saying?
To the point where you got like one little pecan
and maybe a little bit of something,
whatever they put in there.
What is that, honey?
Melancis?
Sure, all of it.
Your asses.
What do they put in?
Pecan pie.
You got to be rich, man.
Yeah.
Pecan's sugar and crust.
Well, you've got to be more than that, man.
I'm sure there is, but that's the likeitation.
Oh, I'm thinking honey.
Or Melancis.
Anyways, too rich.
No more crap, baby.
No more gambling.
I'm going to tell you right now,
see, slots could be fun if they were, if you had a chance.
And I've had my days, you know, I've had my good moments,
and my winning days, but generally speaking, you know what I mean?
And it's not just a slots part, but it's gambling in general.
A fool in his money or soon farted, okay?
And now the new deal is that it falls view.
They took it to where it really killed me.
I should have known right off the bat.
I should have left.
The dollar wheel of fortune carousel I used to play
and do pretty well at.
That's gone.
It's been replaced by the new fancy.
Everything now has to have like a lot of bells and whistles and noises,
and it's got to be big, and it's got to be a literally one-pending machine,
two-pending machine.
The only problem is, you've got to play 40 credits to get to spin.
And you want to play as many lines as possible.
So that's like, instead of one penny, it's like two bucks, two hundred pennies.
If you play 40 times five lines, okay?
And all the people are sitting around.
They've all got your own little computer screen there,
and you keep putting it in your pat and your vana, and all of a sudden,
somebody gets the spin and the thing in the middle makes all the noise,
and it's warring around, and the thing is spinning and spinning,
and the crowd is going,
ah, I didn't want to hit it.
And then finally, I get the times ten thousand it lands on for me.
See, the only person that gets the spin is whoever got it on their machine.
And everybody else watches and thinks, you bastard, you know.
And I get the spin and it lands on ten thousand times,
whatever you got on their wall.
I had three lines I had played, so it's ten thousand times three credits.
So it's thirty thousand I got.
Well, thirty thousand times a penny is three hundred bucks.
Yeah, that's pretty big.
No, it's not pretty big.
Are you a crazy person or what?
Yes.
That's pretty big three hundred bucks.
When you're in a casino, and three hundred bucks,
you could lose that faster than Ethan Colt Scola,
and flush the turret.
And bring out his poop-poo-poo-ree.
Oh, man.
So that's what that was all about.
See, I keep thinking it was Monday, because I didn't work yesterday.
Silly me, you know, I should have realized it was gay Tuesday, you know.
I mean, they dropped this square table.
It didn't somebody send in the message that this also was killing them.
This desperate contrive.
Does it make you gay?
And does anybody really care?
Okay.
That's the operative question.
Does anybody care if you're gay?
See, I don't really give a crap, you know.
Do you give a crap?
About what?
About any of that.
But whether Ethan's skulls are gay, because he uses a lilac-
Let me pull him in.
Let me tell you something.
You show the name Ethan's skull that my brain checks out,
and takes five minutes to come back.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
That's what's going on here, so.
You're talking to Chris.
You're talking to Chris.
Lucky sportswriters that nobody, like Alice Marvez,
who and what in God's name is a freaking Alice Marvez?
What is he?
Sportswriter.
So, so is everybody else.
How many sportswriters we got in this town now?
About 30,000.
And there's a lot of people in the freaking sportswriters,
and every one of them is on this station now.
Every one of them is doing live spots,
and every one of them is supposedly filling in the expertise
that our high paid sports nerds are supposed to be passing along, you know.
It's like, like, with these triple crown races,
and they've jumped in our area, and you want to know why?
Because I don't know a damn thing about it.
I don't know anything about it.
I don't pretend at all anything about it.
You know, I sit there and I read a little bit on the internet.
So, I have some idea what I'm talking about.
The names of the horses, a couple of jockeys, whatever.
And then he comes on, he shares his expertise, you know.
And how often do we do that?
We do that three times a year.
For about, what is he on?
Like, seven or eight minutes each time?
What?
Dave Johnson, remember Dave?
Oh, yeah.
Sorry, I haven't gotten back from that last Ethan Skolnik,
and the other guy.
You better start learning your sportswriters, Mr. Baker.
I think I'm having a break from the writer of QAM.
That's what's taking us a second time.
No, no, no, no, no.
You know something, I think there was something.
There was a real metaphor involved in a whole story.
There were about going down the toilet.
Right.
I think there was some message in there.
Right.
Remember that song, message in a bottle, and everything?
Sure, police.
Message in the toilet.
Replace his message in a bottle.
Message in the toilet.
There's Archie Bunker would say, well, that's really ashamed that he died, you know.
Charles Nelson Riley, you know, I can live with that.
But Archie O'Connor.
Message in a bottle.
That's the police.
Yes, it is.
Police!
Police!
I love the police!
I love the police!
Hey, 83 on a pole.
We're going to keep a real close track on it, folded it.
Why?
Because I feel like it.
Because otherwise, if I don't do that, I'll talk about Ethan Skolnick a lot, you know.
Who's a whiny voice sports nerd writer who doesn't belong on the radio.
Okay, just like a lot of other people that we put on the air.
He doesn't belong on the air.
Oh, well, see, I shouldn't be doing this.
Do you think it's because I lost all that money on Saturday?
It's not going to change my life.
I had a bad day in I.G.R.A.
You haven't got a chance.
They won these programs, man.
Right.
And of course, when you go to a place that's a tourist trap like Vegas or Niagara Falls,
then they really, they got those things tamped out.
I will say that Saturday night, boy.
That place was jam-packed.
And you know who was in there?
All these young couples, man.
All these young people and young couples, like, you know, 19.20.
So you want to be 19 to get it?
What?
I said, sweet.
It was sweet, all right.
Believe you, me.
Sweet.
Wow.
Rhymes with greed and meat and meat and tweet.
Did you meet some meat?
No, I did not, but I sure would like to have.
I was wandering around with my jaw down the my kneecap thing.
Ah, like that.
Oh, good, Gully.
Where did these people come from and work?
Where can I find them again?
Good, God.
That was almost worth the price of emission right there, but not quite.
I told you the figure.
How much I lost tonight?
No.
Oh, Crystal Tide, I told him.
I don't want to put it on the air.
I mean, it looked like there are people out there who have lost more than that, but I never had that bad of it.
This was in 24 hours.
Wow.
And let me say again, I could have sent you and Josh Cordis and Chris and Josh's girlfriend to Amsterdam.
You have to fly, you know.
Wow, he just told me.
Kettle, cattle class.
That would be okay.
There's a lot of money.
First, some of us.
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to tell you.
I mean, it wasn't a lot of money.
It was still a lot of money.
It was still a significant amount.
And when you feel it, you have no chance, not little chance, but no chance.
I think the object of those places is to make money if I'm not mistaken.
The object of those places is called robbery.
It's called stealing, stealing.
And then they lie a lot.
Oh, there's no such things as running programs.
Oh, yeah, right.
Sure there isn't.
It's called the coma program.
Believe me, I know what it's in that.
When you keep hitting that button and nothing happens, baby.
It's just a one way street.
Anyway, I'm all done with that, even though you don't believe me.
No, I don't.
A little while ago, you said maybe you believe me.
No, I don't think that it is.
You're just piling on.
That's all in football.
They call it piling on.
Okay.
I'm going to throw the flag and give you a 15-yarder.
And a date with Ethan Skolnick.
How do you like that?
That's a fate worth of death because I hear he farts a lot like Dave Lamont.
I got sensitive candles in here.
Fake four points.
Tonight on Walmart ER.
Dr. His heart rate is falling.
Damn it.
Just like the places around here.
Clear.
He saved his life and some money.
Good job, people.
We all deserve smiley face stickers for this one.
Walmart ER.
It's Code Blue in IL-2.
What do we got?
Young man with a gunshot wound.
Damn, these street gangs.
Actually, Dr. It was an accidental shooting in our firearms department.
Oh, give me four points of AB negative and clean up in sporting goods.
Clean up in sporting goods.
That's Walmart ER.
Always low prices.
Always high drama.
1048-560WQM.
You asked for it and you got a courtesy of your close to personal friend Brandon.
Here's the Pecan pie recipe.
All right.
Probably not as good as the pie.
You got your Pecan pieces, four eggs, half a cup of sugar, half a cup of light brown sugar,
quarter of a cup of steams, 100% pure cane syrup, quarter of a cup of light corn syrup,
half a teaspoon of vanilla extract, a pinch of salt, just a pinch,
half a stick of butter and a tablespoon of flour, all of these things.
All of these things.
Oh, but me?
Yeah.
Not that I don't like Pecan pie, but it is so rich.
You sweet, nuts.
You know, sickeningly sweet, you know?
Like Ethan Skolnick.
What?
Hey, listen, if they can do it for all that time, I can do it too, you know?
Do you want to lose the audience?
Yes, that well, they've already done that.
And I think we're well in the process anyway.
Listen, like I told you before when the Titanic went down, even the good swimmers drowned too, okay?
Just keep that in mind.
Mm-hmm.
9505 votes, are you eating something now?
Is that the deal?
You know it.
How is?
You know it.
Bacon.
Oh.
I'm going to go make some more.
I already had my bacon.
I'm not bacon.
I'm going to make some more during the next break just because you, you know, influenced me.
That's all right, it's good.
It's good for you.
It's got light trights and light trights which will kill me.
905 votes, what's the worst form of entertainment?
But we're going to get to that thousand pretty easy today.
I'm pleased with that.
I'm not too pleased with jolly joe.
And he's like a one man that decimation, you know, we could talk all we want about joys and about
clearance being the little sports nerd silly person.
But he's enabling this to all go on.
He's the enabler baby.
I think he likes it.
He gives a drug addict money so he can go out and buy more drugs.
That's basically what this guy is doing.
He likes it.
He likes it.
He likes what?
Spending a lot of money for low ratings.
So what?
All right.
Let's hear it.
Joys comes up with an outstanding line.
Spending lots of money and getting nothing back for it.
Good.
What's the worst form of entertainment?
Rap music 422.
Let's start rapided baby.
Professional rasslin 155.
Sports talk radio 113.
A very rock solid third place.
Rock solid.
Operating 8.
Made for TV movie 58.
Modern art 33.
Broadway musicals is got.
But third man.
And reality TV 13.
Out of 912.
Somebody said in dog fighting.
I mean, yeah.
Right.
That's a form of entertainment.
Sure.
No, it is not.
Go on, no matches.
How about cock fighting?
That too.
Yeah.
Sometimes you can use the same ring, yeah.
How about bull fighting?
Yeah.
And you can put all that crap on there if you want to.
Just to put a lot of other choices on the pool.
I think that pool is just fine as G.I. wine.
And the fact it's got 912 votes on there, I think is just, you know, what's wrong with that?
I was speaking of, does it make you gay?
Gay or not gay?
Ostride in pub bars, heterosexuals.
And I think that it's long overdue, man.
Long overdue.
All you straight people, man, we're tired of it.
A gay pub in the city of Melbourne, Australia is one of the right to ban heterosexuals.
The first time such legislation has been passed in Australia, down under.
The Victorian State Civil Administrative Tribunal ruled the P.O. Hotel could ban patrons based on their sexual orientation.
The posthmanagements had to move with stock groups of heterosexual men and women abusing gay people.
Civil liberties groups have supported the decision.
How do you like that?
The Tribunal's president said, uh, in groups of straight women found homosexual men entertaining.
But that such attention was dehumanizing.
The BBC's Film Research in Sydney says, entertaining is in campy and like, let's go laugh at them.
You know, make fun and spray a bunch of lilacs sent around a place.
Managers complained, rock his hen nights and stag parties created a poisonous atmosphere for its gay clientele.
Hennites.
Uh-huh.
As I can't make.
If I can limit the number of heterosexuals entering the P.O.
and that helps me keep the safe balance to hotel manager Tom McPhilly told Australia Radio Court of the Reuters news agency,
Tom McPhilly as in touchy, Philly.
As partners probably Tom McTouchy, he said when Melbourne had 2000 venues catering for heterosexuals,
his was the only bar aimed exclusively at gay men.
How do you like that? Can you believe that?
But when in Melbourne, I thought Australia was loaded with gay.
Wow.
Civil liberties groups said homosexual should be allowed to relax in places without fear of bullying or intimidation.
Australia's equal opportunity law prevents discrimination based on race, religion or sexuality, but, however.
The Victorian state civil administrators from the EU said they could ban heterosexuals from going in their joint.
How do you like that?
Fine.
Yeah, I think what goes around comes around.
I think payback is a bitch.
See, anybody, you know, who's straight, who doesn't have an ulterior motive won't be going in there anyway.
Who claims to be straight?
Exactly.
Oh, I know somebody of those people, man.
Oh, yeah, I just, I'm just curious.
You know, I just want to go get curious.
No, you're not curious.
Yeah, you know, you're not fooling me.
Boy, is there an echo in here or what?
Gay.
Well, that seems to be the topic. It's gay Tuesday on QAM.
Apparently, I didn't get the memo.
You don't need to have a memo.
When you, you better start learning your sports writers, Mr.
When you're talking Ethan Skolnick, you're talking gay.
Fag.
I don't, I have no idea.
He sounds like, you know, screamer.
Oh, he's a got-watch, isn't he?
A what?
Got games other people play, you know.
A got-watchers?
Some men like to play gay.
A got-watcher, yeah.
And some men like to watch.
Especially when the showers are going on, you know.
He lights white.
How about those ducks, by the way?
Which, George, was up late now, late last night watching the game?
Huh?
How about that Robbie Nidomar?
Now, even you know who that was, right?
Me?
Robbie Nidomar?
I play for your Florida Panthers, right?
He was like Jeff Remors on an official stepson.
Yeah.
I'd love to.
Robbie Nidomar, of course, I picked up the tab
because the members were there too.
It's chillies.
You know, chillies on sunrise there across from the...
Sawgrass.
What did I do?
Yeah, see that was one thing with Rimmer, man.
I got to take a lot of people to meals, and of course I always picked up the tab, including
people I didn't even really know.
I mean, I knew who he was.
You know, he's a nice kid, Robbie Nidomar, from Medicine Hat.
Right next to Moose Jock.
Right, not far from Red beer, no doubt.
I don't know where those places are, and I don't want to know.
Anywhere you go in North America, man, there's plenty of Red Nicks all over the place.
Vice President Dick Cheney, speaking of Red Nicks, criticized the notion of applying the
Geneva Conventions to individuals captured in the course of the war on terrorism in a Saturday
commencement address at the U.S. Military Academy in West Point.
Capture one of these killers who'll be quick to demand the protections of the Geneva Convention
and the Constitution of the U.S. the Vice President said, yet when they wage a tax
of take captives, their delicate sensibilities seem to fall away.
Cheney delivered the remarks in the context of moral and ethical lessons.
Oh, yeah. If anybody's going to give me a speech on morals and ethics, baby, it's going to be Dick Cheney.
He delivered remarks in the context of moral and ethical lessons that the graduating cadets
at West Point had learned in the course of their study.
Right.
You've lived by a quote of honor and internalized that quote as West Point men and women always do.
He said, as Army officers on duty in the war on terror, you'll not face enemies who oppose and despise
everything you know to be right.
Every notion of upright conduct and character, and every belief you consider worth fighting for and living for.
And all those dead people were killing and slaughtering and butchering in Iraq.
Recently, West Point instructors have complained of a difficulty of persuading armored cadets
to adhere to the principles of the Geneva Conventions in the war on terrorism.
A February article in the New Yorker highlighted a dialogue on the problem between West Point's dean
and Joel Surnault, president of the Hit Fox TV program 24.
This past November, U.S. Army Brigadier General Patrick Finnegan, dean of the U.S. Military Academy West Point,
flew to Southern California to meet with a creative team behind 24,
wrote Jane Mayer in the magazine.
Finnegan, who was a lawyer for it, has for a number of years taught course on the law of law's
award of West Point seniors, cadets who had soon be commanders in the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan.
He always tries, he said to give his students to sort out not just what is legal but what is right.
However, it's become increasingly hard to convince some cadets that America had to respect the rule of law
and human rights, even when the terrorists did not.
One reason for the growing resistance he cited suggested was misperception spread by 24,
which is exceptionally popular with his students, as he told me the kids see and say,
if torture is wrong, what about 24?
But it'll be put a little bit of up.
Let's go out torture some people and kill some people and torture some people and poke their eyes out
and yank their arms off and stuff like that.
If it happens to them, it'll be good.
If it happens to us, it'll be bad, but it will happen.
Eight more dead on Memorial Day. Isn't that kind of ironic?
In a way, sure.
And Cindy Sheen drops out.
America's lost baby. I told him a long time ago, just like I told you that the AM radio was dead and the fact radio in general was dead.
It's done, finished.
And we got guys in there who I guess they've been appointed by God to approve it.
They came in there and there.
Heck of a job, Joe.
Heck of a job, man.
Fat as Joe.
Ethan Skolnik and Laila Candles and Pupuri.
I think they should call it that because it does cover it up pretty good.
Yeah, I got a nice apple macintosh candle myself.
Do you really?
I know something and they were arguing about where do you buy these.
In other words, you have to go to bed bath and be on.
You're going to like to Walgreens, okay?
You can go to industry and go to a seven-year-old.
Right.
You're going to buy a seven-year-old.
You're going to a public's for crying out loud, bow camper.
Get another house a little bit more and quit hanging out at Ethan Skolnik's house.
Because people are going to start seeing you on the street and go, hey, Kimba.
You're fair.
Like that.
And then of course you'll step on them and they won't say it again.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your playing.
Any questions?
I'm going to play a little bit more.
So that you say real cool, I can't feel hot.
All my died out just to remove those hooks and back.
With that old familiar snap.
Yeah, you got something rather terrifying.
I'm dying in.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I feel a while now that it's coming.
See, there's a break.
I auditioned that as opposed to going out and making that bacon.
But, yeah.
It's more important playing a bit that we haven't played in years.
And actually we can play it.
Even though at the end he goes, which sounds obviously just of to me, Joyce, you idiot.
You bitch.
You fairy.
Impenement to our success in our enjoyment of life.
I think we ought to sue her ass, you know?
All right, in the rest of her tooth.
No, just her ass.
I think that, you know, that'll cover most of the territory.
938 votes on that pool.
You see that they flashed it on there very briefly on CNN before they show us these starving folks in Sudan.
Darfur, which they keep calling you Darfur.
I don't know why they say Darfur because that's not a butt at any rate.
And in the meantime, they flashed on just before that dozens killed in the bombings and all over Baghdad today.
Dozens.
They're still counting the bodies, body parts, stuff like that.
So we can't give you like a number, not that anybody really cares.
But dozens.
They didn't tell us like a couple dozen or a few dozen or several dozen or 30, many dozen.
And there's your bowzo.
The natinations believe that the nations here.
Yeah, yeah, something I look at him and I don't know whether to cry or laugh or just blow myself up with a grenade.
I don't know what they'll do anymore.
It's great.
I put that grenade in my mouth and pull it up.
And out.
As Tomy Kramer said, was that his name?
Tommy Kramer?
That was his name.
He was the...
What was he?
He was like the talent coach.
That was his title.
He was the talent coach for Ron and Ron.
And the Ron and Ron radio network.
I'm going to tell you something.
It didn't help.
It didn't help.
Tommy Kramer, who told us every day that he never drew to everyone and everybody else was doing drugs.
He wasn't doing drugs.
You know something, Tommy?
Maybe it would have helped.
Couldn't have hurt that show.
I'll tell you that.
Former Bush Chief of Staff at University of Massachusetts commencement ceremony.
Andrew Card, president George W. Bush's former Chief of Staff, was showered with a course of booze and cat calls from students and faculty at University of Massachusetts while receiving an honorary degree on Friday.
Pro-testers who caught the embarrassing scene on video.
And if you go to our website and check this story out, you can see the video.
A text, anti-card signs to their robes and drowned out provost Charlene and Seymour's remarks about cards so-called public service.
Even faculty sitting on stage joining...
Joined in on the action, screaming their disapproval while holding signs that read card, no honor, no degree.
All right.
All right.
Card obviously shaken by the commotion managers, slight grin while Seymour spoke.
He later raised his hand in recognition but sat down without speaking in any length.
How do I get out of here?
After the ceremony, he refused to acknowledge the protest only saying it was a great honor and a privilege to be here.
The University community was upset with the school's decision to award card an honorary degree given his involvement in spinning intelligence and lead up to the war in Iraq.
Even before the ceremony began, a hundred faculty members and students saying anti-war songs handed out leaflets and weight signs outside the arena where commencement was held.
A graduate of the University of South Carolina, card was a supporter of UMass and as days as a Massachusetts lawmaker, he served as Bush's deepest staff from the president's first inauguration to through 2006.
And the video that they show on the store was created by the protestors and you can check it out at neowireggies.com.
Take a puke at it.
And also take a look at the video and that's on our MySpace page from Lots My Line with John Charles Daly and this Steve Allen.
I would be surprised if Dorothy killed gallons on their chicken neck.
951 votes. This is the hour we go over a thousand. There's Barack Obama.
All Americans and we'll see.
He's the great, not too dark hope.
He's the only hope we got, baby. I mean, not that he's like Jesus on two legs or anything like that but he's all we got.
Oh and here's Mitt Romney now. Where did he come from all of a sudden?
Utah.
No, I'm just saying. I mean, this Mormon guy who's what's his claim to fame?
He's hurting it from Iran two years ago.
Oh my God. Who the hell is he kidding?
At any rate, you know, it's what we got. We got two parties, man.
We got the Republican Party and the Republican Party light called the Democrats. That's all you got.
Boy, a lot of...
Okay, stories and news over the weekend. And now I'm sure you might have covered some of these yesterday.
I don't want to repeat.
No, I didn't. I've had a lot of news stories.
I'm not repeat because then I'll get sued by Pat Rodley just for saying that.
Is he going to sue me? Hey Pat, don't sue me. Just so they said, three Pete.
You jackass.
Or as Hank would say, you jackass.
The Reverend Grant Lynn Ford appeared on a recent Caribbean radio program hoping to improve relations between Jamaicans in South Florida.
And the gay and lesbian community. Oh, right.
That has got to be one of the funniest things I have ever read in my life.
Jamal. Wow.
Improved relations between Jamaicans and the gay and lesbian community.
Instead, the pastor from Sunshine Cathedral, which recently started a gay and lesbian congregation in Jamaican,
did a hostile radio audience.
Jamal.
Jamaican collars chastised him for promoting homosexuality in their country.
One caller said Ford would get a bullet through a set if he set foot on the island.
And Jamaica man.
What surprised me was the violence of it and saying it on public radio for it said,
I probably wouldn't invite any of my next family.
I might be the roasted pig, he said.
Jamal.
The incident highlights the clansher cultures between gay and lesbian and South Florida.
And some in the Jamaican American community is reports of homophobic violence flow from the Caribbean island.
Jamal.
The tension is further fuel.
Jamal.
Jamaica's got more churches for a square mile.
Oh, and did you know this?
What?
That's why they're so bigoted.
You know?
Jamaica's got more churches for a square mile than any country in the world.
That would explain it.
Wow.
Maybe they explained some of the never-mindedness in the poverty.
And brainwashing, right and desperation.
And ignorance.
Its values and more is eruded in traditional biblical teachings,
making it socially conservative society.
Yamal.
Despite its international images and easy-going tourist destination,
homosexual acts are prohibited by law on the island and punishable by several years in prison.
Yamal.
Some expatriates in South Florida say they find the hatred that some Jamaicans have for gay,
and lesbian is disturbing.
People have a right to their religious views,
but people don't have a right to which harm and carry out acts of violence through other people
said, Marlon Hill, chairman of the Jamaican diaspora committee of the Southern USA.
Respectfully, through your music and through your faith,
express your religious beliefs, but no human being should be confronted with imminent physical danger
by another human being.
Ramon.
The Reverend Carl Francis A. Jamaican pastor, who also appeared on W.A.V.S.A.M. 1170 with Ford,
condemned homosexuality using biblical tests.
But he told the audience in where we heard this before,
to hate the sinner, and to hate that say it again,
hate the sin and love the sinner.
That's what I need to bring.
I used to say all those other get-scuse men,
we hate the sin, but we love the sinner.
We love you, we want to kill you, but we love you.
We just don't know what you're doing.
Violence isn't a solution, said Francis.
Past of the living world, open Bible, church, and pember of pines.
I think the answer is to pray for them, he said.
Ramon.
Sunshine Cathedral is an affiliate of the American community.
Church is a serosoda based in the nomination that provides spiritual support for gay and lesbianes worldwide.
The church, you know that Brian Williams almost said,
let's put on one night last week.
Really?
I think he's been listening to the show here.
He was going to say something about Lebanon when they were acting up over there.
How they act up?
And they said Lebanon.
He started to say lesbian.
I know it.
I'm Nadia Brian.
The church recently established a Jamaican congregation in response to a 2004 Human Rights Watch report
that the alleged police and residents were persecuting gay sex workers and people with HIV-AIDS.
The courts had the initiative as part of a tenured plan to establish churches and diverse communities
throughout South Florida and the Caribbean.
Ramon.
Jamaican Council General Ricardo Alecock of Miami.
Excuse me?
Said he was unaware of what you say.
Ricardo.
Oh.
Said he was unaware of rampant abuse of gay and lesbianes on the island.
Jamaican media attributed some of the recent killings to crimes of passion between lovers.
He said, right.
Alecock also said Jamaican police aimed to protect all citizens regardless of sexual orientation.
Alon.
The government of Jamaica committed the preservation of human rights for every person at Alden Child living in Jamaica, he be saying.
But ministers at Sunshine Cathedral of this degree, they've traveled to the country in recent months to challenge homophobic attitudes among government and religious officials,
for it's any travels with bodyguards for his protection.
Church leaders said the choir, choir director for the Jamaican church, recently was beaten to death because of a sexual orientation.
Gay.
Church members held this funeral April 8th at a church on the affiliated with the nomination of Crown from a nearby community surrounded the building, armed with machetes and knives.
They threw objects through the church windows while the funeral was in process according to Jamaica Forum for lesbianes all sexual and gays.
Homophobia cannot be allowed to disrupt sacred ceremonies that are meant to one of the departed and bring comfort to the bereaved, nor should violence be considered an acceptable way to demonstrate the discipline of any minority group,
said the Reverend Derell Watkins, Sunshine Cathedral's Rocher bleeder.
But Bevan Earl, the radio host of Ask For To appear on the call and radio show, said anti-gay sentiments are common in Jamaica.
And some who grew up there don't want to see more gays and lesbianes in their homeland.
I don't like seeing two men hunting and kissing.
You said it's sending the wrong message and our children are going to be spoiled in the long run.
How about even if the two guys are sticking their tongue on each other's throat?
It's okay, I guess.
Does that make it kosher?
Well.
And of course when you go into good Delhi, you see lots of good kosher tongue.
Nope, it's that bacon baby.
I just heard the beat.
Like that.
We're going to go with my bacon.
Well, keep your fingers crossed.
Spectre.
He's the man, the man with a lot of guns.
He keeps far fun.
And it's the spectre.
Ask you out when you're at the house of blues.
You should refuse.
And his home health say you must stay here.
For he knows it's a gun you will fear.
I would rather see an apple wicker than go on a date with Mr. Bill Spectre.
On his walls are lots of records of gold.
Go and up cold.
Dead and cold.
You'll be dead and cold outside of here.
Dead and cold.
Love and I seen a cue I'm man that timing was great.
My bacon is right here front of me.
All right.
I nuked it.
Well, this is a nukable kind, you know.
Right.
I have just nice and extra crispy.
1417 friends at our micepace, by the way.
Not too bad.
Not at all.
Consider it.
Hi, Blake Brown.
Yeah.
Not going to be even crispy bacon on the air.
Chewy is better.
I don't like chewy bacon. Chewy bacon sucks.
You like chewy bacon?
I like chewy bacon.
Why?
Because you like chewy bacon.
I don't think that's the worst thing.
Why not?
If it's crispy.
It's made from a Jewish pig.
It's kosher.
How about Ethan Skolnik?
I think he's Jewish.
And gay.
Yeah, yeah.
There are times in your life when you want to go like sitting in the corner, like little jack
corner, you know.
And stick your thumb in your mouth or in your back.
So anywhere it'll fit.
And you just shake your head and wonder, is this really what it's all about?
And that's what was going on with me this morning.
I sat here.
Yeah.
And I had the monitor on very low.
And until you come in, till about 825, whenever you show up.
Right.
I have, you know, I won't have it on at all.
I'd like to tell about, oh, 10, 1050 after.
Because I know you won't be there that early.
Right.
But I think starting around 8 o'clock for whatever reason, I just punched it up and I had it on really low.
And I kept, I kept, I guess out of curiosity, I kept wondering, what is it that they're talking
about here?
Because it just went on and on and on and on about ethics, scoling and dropping a bomb and
it's stuck real bad and about lie-lot candles and poo-poo-ree.
Yeah.
I just, I don't know.
I think maybe it, maybe you need to explain it to me.
I can't explain anything on the station to you, except that it's a sports fraternity and
they program to themselves.
Is that one of this?
Sure.
They think it's great.
They like those one and two shares?
Oh, they just, you know, they just come to it.
They just come to a board.
There's come two or four.
Sometimes it's like hard to deal with them, you know?
When you have like a small, really workable one, you know, like that 11 o'clock hour at night,
that's easy to work with.
See, if they just get more sports on, then the numbers will come up.
Yeah.
They really believe that.
You're laughing, but that's what they think.
I think, well, I'm eating the bacon because it's not polite to talk.
Yeah.
While you're eating.
Ain't no fun sounds like that.
Ain't no fun sounds like that.
Come on.
One time for the West Coast, meaning over naples.
Ain't no fun sounds like that.
Like the foe.
And that's, that's the end of that.
So, are you ready to hear that?
And you know why?
Yeah, I don't want it.
I don't want the fc to be a huff as one bitch decided she don't like it.
Not because the FCC, there's certainly nothing in there even close to the FCC guidelines.
Not even because Clarex is a blue nose idiot.
Because he approved it.
He was singing in the halls.
I'm a good friend.
He was singing it in the halls.
Clarex was singing it in the halls?
Yes.
He was singing no fart sounds.
This is our program director who approved this to be playing on the air.
And then Joyce over there in Naples put the cabacha.
And Joe Bell, Jolly Fatt asked Joe Bell, who's nothing but a career for bad messages from, from corporate.
Uh, Neil, corporate doesn't want to, you know, play that no fart sounds but anymore.
How's your day?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
And I thought to myself, you uh, simple did man.
See, this is what we got going to bat for us, you know.
So, if you had a baseball team.
Yeah.
And the manager was like, um,
a dead man, you know, like that.
Yeah.
Probably not going to give a lot of leadership qualities out of him, you know.
Like Casey Stangle.
He was a heck of a manager when he was alive.
But he's dead.
See what I'm saying?
No.
Yeah, you do.
You said baseball and I left.
Not yet.
So, it everybody else.
Anybody go to those small and games?
No.
I went Saturday.
And how was it?
Did they lose?
Who did they lost?
All of the meds fans.
Oh, I hear they had some big crowds and they were all meds fans.
Oh, yeah, of course.
That was the room where I heard, um, from down there on Sunday.
Or whatever the hell I heard it.
Well, I went Saturday.
There was 34,000 and I'd say 60 or more was meds fans.
60% or more was meds fans.
There were how many?
34,000?
34,000.
Well, that's what total ticket sales did.
These gigantic crowds for the meds and almost all meds fans.
See, South Florida is a market where the sports teams draw based on who the opponent is.
Not because, not because the local so-called fans are there to support their team.
Now, quite the contrary, they're there because the fans of the visiting team show up to see their team.
Well, the dolphins sell out, but that's why they have 8 games.
Well, seven games.
And some of the games pretty, pretty touching go.
You know that as well as that.
Oh, yeah.
It comes after that third day Friday deadline.
And now that we've got Jimmy Cifilis over here on QAM, look out.
I don't want to hear any more about that rumor that you were starting from your buddy Danny LeBaster from over the weekend.
Hey, it was I was asking you if you heard anything about it.
No, I did not.
And it's now you're repeating it on the air.
I don't repeat anything on the air.
Well, don't do it.
Just an ugly rumor.
It's probably one of those stunt deals.
They planted the seed and the seed weed bite on it.
Don't bite on the seed.
Oh, I'm biting on my bacon, man.
Oh, this poor pig.
He must have lived a good life because he is sure delicious.
Never really stopped and thought about that.
How do they make bacon?
What do you mean?
I know it's got all those chemicals in there.
There's nitrites and nitrates and all the other cancer causing.
And especially when they're heated in high temperature like in the, like, you know,
when you're frying a frying pan or you're nukam like I just did.
But how do they actually make bacon?
They ever stopped and thought about that.
Well, originally it's smoked and salted.
Like you said, they use chemicals.
Now they use like that liquid smoke and everything.
But yeah, smoking a can.
Right.
I wonder if Ethan Skolik smokes in the can.
I hear every from our skin so.
Yeah, every from the other fucking soul.
Don't get on me and run.
It's a go.
No, you're gonna be off in one more cell and it's all all through.
The same people, champion, they, and her.
You will never be truly only.
No, sadly, I need a single cellarist.
And every from our skin so.
It's, every from our skin so.
Right out of my cold field on your whole.
I've been feeling such nasty voice.
When you leave the house, they'll just enjoy white water.
Now just a memory, memory.
And a widow doesn't ever clue.
No, sadly, we're pale, I've so dims, they're buried.
And every from our skin so.
I've got hot hot hot hot, I've like eaten her alive.
The same people, you know, have a nice day.
We'll hell yes, I do.
I'll, I'll play you, she's the one all you're done to it.
And I'll just, well, say, oh, you know, I'll play caravan.
I'll play caravan.
I'm a big deal, well.
I'll play caravan.
I'll play caravan.
We got a thousand five o'clock Chris. Oh, we got a relax and I can sit back. I'm all done with my bacon
Well, what more more more of a company is right. I think we have like a sign off for a couple hours. Give this thing a rest sure
Let's go we can play a spanner radio or we can talk about Ethan Skolnick having a bowel movement
Then how it smelled like roses. Oh, was it Lilocks?
A new biography of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton has once again raised the issue of whether members of Congress read a key intelligence report
Before the 2002 vote to authorize bloodshed murder and terror in Iraq
Clinton didn't read the 90 page classified national intelligence system in honor of according to her way the hopes and ambitions of Hillary
Rodham Clinton
For members of Congress to read the report they had to go to a secure location on Capitol Hill
The Washington Post reported in 2004 that no more than six senators and a handful of house members were logged in as reading the document
The Clinton biography written by New York Times reporter Jeff Gehrth and Don Van Natter Jr.
summarized the intelligence estimate which combined reports of US intelligence agencies about Iraq
Clinton was briefed on the intelligence report multiple times
She's one of six presidential candidates who were in the Senate in October 2002 and voted for the resolution to authorize the invasion of Iraq
Candidate and then Senator John Edwards written was briefed on the intelligence while sitting on the Senate Intelligence Committee
Another Democratic candidate Senator Joe Biden said he read the report, but we know he's a liar a spokesman for presidential candidate Senator Chris Dodd said he did not read the document either
Republican presidential candidate John McCain over his own also voted in favor of the resolution without reading the report because John McCain never met a war he didn't like
Other candidates were not available for comment yesterday
The National Intelligence System it concluded that the US had compelling evidence that Iraq was restarting the efforts to develop a nuclear bomb and had concealed stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons from U.N. inspectors after the ceasefire then into the 91 Persian Gulf War that was wrong
But that wasn't a stat was until after US let army toppled Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein's governor April 2003 after the Iraq attack
The intelligence report did contain passages that raised questions about the weapons conclusions said John McLaughlin then deputy director of the CIA
I think if someone reads the entire report they would walk away thinking the intelligence community generally thinks he's got weapons in my
destruction, but there are quite a bit of differences he said
McLaughlin, now a CNN contributor said dissenting views by the State Department of Energy and the Air Force made up about 10 to 12 pages of the report but critics say those
The sense were not highlighted
She didn't read it and either of John McCain so we voted for a cheating mother reading it bitch
Yeah
obnoxious
Bitch and the only reason that she's got any support in all this money coming under is because that she was married to Bill Clinton and is
She was gonna say she was his wife, but I guess in name only right a lot of that code around
Now what what are you trying to say about what about a lot of that going around?
Oh, nothing women who are somebody's wife in name only
That's what I hear
That's the rumor that you're starting
See with people like you on here. It's it's not good for the institution of marriage the howl sacred
Right, that's a good thing a bad thing. Yeah
I'm just I'm just you know what reporting it without passing judgment on it
I don't want to pass judgment man too many people out there especially the religious the guest keys
I'll be a better see that movie Jesus camp all about these brainwashed kids
Been there done that you've been a Jesus camp. Yes, I had right. I called it the heavy pettings
But I'm a hanky spanky you know Jesus camp you can be damn sure that well, it's that good old time religion
Maybe oh god, that's good bring your hand because there's gonna be some spanky right
Some spunky
Ten eighteen on the a pool. What's the worst form of entertainment?
rap music 466 professional wrestling 166 sports talk radio a very solid third
Rock solid 121 vote
oper 95 made for TV movie 62 reality TV 38 modern art 37 and Broadway musicals 33 out of a 2018 votes
Well, that's a good sign man right after Memorial Day were bouncing back like the comeback kids
Are I'm I'm gonna be honest with you man?
When it doubt tough it out that was the advice I had this morning from one of my
Spiritual advisors tough it out
Yeah, good play
That's what I'm gonna do when it out. I'm gonna tough it out
Got about a year and a half of this crap. I mean these people these bastards. I mean left
And I'm just gonna tough it out being the trooper that I am you know
I'm saying be the old yeah the trooper that I am and now go to Jamaican retire
Where they'll love me
Oh, did you make it?
I love you
Love me today. Oh, that's what the what the you know
The GZ superstitious folks the Bible thumpers all want to do they want to love you today
Boy they're coming in and chunks on their Chris. I think we can make 13 hundred today
Sound good. I'm I crazy what?
Two and a half hours. Yeah, we can get that no way. Yes, we can I said we can make twelve hundred today
13
You are such a bastard. It's just I don't know what I guess they're working on the show all this time
Yeah, that's what it was all the five months. Oh George is gonna be on vacation next weekend for the Josh Cordis fans out there
Those guys don't want to grab his body or his girlfriend or both he'll be on next week with me
What that big sunny sure it will and even better news is Wednesday we get an early departure
You don't think I'm gonna do woodline Wednesday next week just because I get out of here early do you and the answer is yeah?
No, no, no
Why do you want me to go? I don't want you to go. What are you talking about?
Well, I'm why do you keep insisting I'm gonna do it? I have no intention to do so that you'll argue with me
I don't want to argue with you about that argue with you about anything else
But not something that's bad for me. Okay, like food like be like me. Something like that. Yeah, there you go
Be somebody helpful like our good buddy Zisco with a freaky pictures you got there on his page. This aren't hair
He's got iron hair man. Don't ever let all you people out there don't let your girlfriends and wives iron your hair
No problem. I don't know I guess it's curly was curly
That's the most bizarre picture I've ever seen in my life got like like a flat like like he ran into a wall
You know one side of his head just got mashed
Like the
The things that make a way every blow is my mind
To make it so tough for me to be kind
You think that they would have had some pride
If I let you down, I think I'll go blind
So take people where I hope they need
That they just are ridiculously
A fine Harry man in a 15-E,
not a passing belief of maybe it's easy
Sixteen children with all the guest keys with all the schmottas all the time
That's what the world is all about
People with bad head gear, people with really dangerous, like terrorists for example
What's gonna happen when the terrorists start dressing up like, you know, ordinary plane pedestrian in the Omesand?
I thought they did
Oh, that's right
Anyway, here's the big in the answer from your friend Brandon
In here in fact, this is probably a little more information than we need, but nevertheless it will kill some really good time
It's not nearly as simple as Ethan Skolnick farting or dropping a bad bomb in the bowl
And bringing out the lilac candles
If I lived to be 150, I'll never recover from that half hour
I'll never believe that I actually heard that
Forget about this radio station, on any radio station
You know what I mean?
Nope, what do you mean?
Well, maybe if we could get the tape for you
Oh, any more?
Then you'd understand what I was talking about
I don't want to know, it grotesque bliss
See, the radio station isn't just taken over by the sports writers
Now it's also, during those rare segments when we don't have one of them on the year
Now it's talking about them, the sports writers
I say
See what I'm saying?
So we can probably have an any Pope hour
And we can have a day of high-dower
And a Michael Holden Mayo hour
Although he doesn't do sports anymore, forget about him
And then Alex Marvez hour
See, see, and then Drew Rosenstein, Virg Frans, warts hour
Rashes or slices differ depending on where they come from
Strieky bacon comes from the belly of a pig
Oh, nice
It's very fatty with long grains of fat running parallel to the rind
This is the most common form of bacon in the US
Panchetta is Italian Strieky bacon
Smoked or green unsmoked with a strong flavor and delicious to, by the way
Mmm
It's generally rolled up in the cylinders after curing it has about 590 calories per 100 grams
Which is about 200 calories per strip
Stripe
Wow
Back bacon comes from the loin in the middle of the back of the pig
It has a lean meaty cutter bacon with relatively less fat compared to other cuts
And has a ham-like texture and flavor
Most bacon consumed in the UK is back bacon
Figures
Middle bacon is a lot like back bacon but it's cheaper and
Some of fatier with a richer flavor and all the words in here
This must be from a British website or spelled a British way
F-F-L-A-V-O-U-R and you know like that?
Yes
And also Canadian A
Cottage bacon thinly sliced lean pork meat from a shoulder cut that is typically
Orville shaped in meaty
It is cured then sliced in around pieces for baking or frying
Jowl bacon
Oh man
I wonder if the Humper eats Jowl bacon
Is cured and smoked cheeks of pork
Baking joints include collar-bake and taking from the back of the pig near the head
Wait a minute
collar-bake and is taking from the back of a pig near the head
Oh in other words from the back
Not the rear, the back
Because I thought maybe this pig had its head up its back
Oh boy
Well it doesn't sound the way they phrased it there is a little bit awful
You know
Hock from the hard ankles run between the ham and the foot
And gammon from the hind leg traditionally will cure it and roll into a joint
And enjoy it smoked
Back bacon is a lean meaty cut of bacon
Canadian bacon is the term used in the western Canada with different meanings
In the western refers to any lean meaty cut of bacon and is sometimes used as a pizza topping
In Canada Canadian bacon which is also known as p-meal bacon
refers to a specific...
Yeah, is that what you're in?
P-meal
P-meal bacon refers to a specific variety of unsmoky lean bacon that has been sweet pickled cured and coated in yellow cornmeal
Other proteins such as turkey and beer can be made in the style of Canadian bacon
By employing the same sweet pickled and cornmeal process
Canadian bacon is the American interpretation back bacon actually is really eaten by Canadians
Unless in fast food breakfast sandwiches from American generations
Oh, that must be my back bacon allergy, you know
Back it up
My p-meal bacon allergy
It's back it up again
1444 votes on the poll
What did I say? I said 1200
Chris is going for 13, I think you're dreaming man
We'll do it
No you won
Yeah, we'll see
Well see, I'm using the reverse psychology now
Because last week, two days, you can even remember back back to last week before I lost all that money
And I got a new one
You're stealing over there, you're stealing
They have those machines on the death program
In other words, you could croak before they're going to pay out
You know, at one point, I was losing 2500 bucks and I won 2800 on a machine
Yeah, I was actually ahead
Right, and then you said, you could have walked away
You walked away and done what? Walked into the falls?
Stuck my foot in the middle of the fall, said OG
This looks like a bunch of garbage
Yeah, that's true
The man who is Myrlansky's driver and bodyguard during the Modus Hadei and pre-revolutionary Cuba
died earlier this year a curious foot known to the communist run country whose past is a gambling mecha
For vacationing Americans is all but forgotten
Unless, of course, you watch Godfather too
There was no story in the Communist Party dealer grandma about the daily
About the February 12th death of Armando Jamie Cassiellis at age 75 from lung cancer
No mention on Cuban State TV either despite the decades he spent promoting Afro-Cuban dance and music in his post-mob years
Afro-Cuban dance
What is that?
Well, in case you haven't noticed there are some black people in Cuba
I thought they were all in Florida
Well, then, them too
Anyway, they brought some music over with them
Cassiellis' close friend Enrique Sirulis got the news through word of mouth
Somebody made sounds with their mouth and that's how we got the word
He liked his cigars, he liked his whiskey, never stopped working Sirulis told the AP
It was a very respected man, now he's dead
A stopped reserved man is sported eyeglasses of go-tea, a pinky ring
Oh, a pinky ring
Yeah, yeah
Cassiellis was among the last people alive with first-hand knowledge of my operations
And the colorful decadent have ended that thrived before a young rebel named Fidel Castro seized power
And boy, they were bringing Batista's suitcases full of cash, man
Remember how Fredo brought that suitcase with a cash-er?
Sure
Storacan this week Cassiellis was there with Lansky during numerous meetings with two-man dictator
Fulhencio Batista, who protected gambling businesses on the island
And accompanied him when the master traveled around the Caribbean to talk with underworld figure such as
Santos Trevacante Sr.
Not to be confused with Santos Trevacante Jr. or Joe Marsh Jr.
Cassiellis helped Lansky hide in the Cuban capital in late 1957 after these secited mafia families of New York
tried to grab control of the mobsters of end operation and violence erupted in Manhattan
And he was behind the wheel of Lansky's silver-gray 1957 Chevy and Palak convertible on New Year's Eve 1958
As words spread that Batista had fled the island, Cassero's bearded rebels were, close to victory, he helped the gang to scoop up millions of dollars in profits from his Savannah casinos
The next day Cuban mobs you for over the revolutionary Trump ransacked the gambling dens exposing their deep-resimitive mob control of the island
Bonfivers of smash-slot machines and roulette tables raged in the vanistries
Oh we should have that at Fulzeview baby! Smash those machines man!
And like I said before everything has got to be glitz and have a big show on it
Penny machines and two Penny machines and nickel machines and he hit the button and all these different lights go up
And you have no idea, I mean you do know if you want or not but you have no idea why because you can't make out they've got all these tiny symbols on them you know
It's ridiculous
Soon thereafter the revolutionary government outlawed gambling prostitution and non-prescription drugs and the mobsters gave up without a fight
The gigantic project of gaming drugs and sex channels of heroin to the U.S. and cocaine powder for the consumption of thousands of American tourists
who visited the wildest spots in Ivana were condemned to disappear as soon as Batista's tyranny fell apart
Seriales wrote in the secret life of Myrlansky in Ivana and I'm gonna sneeze again
Ne?
Available only in Cuba and Spanish it sold out when was published in 2004 and that's now in its second edition
The Macalcer revealed the secret life that Kessie Ellis had before undergoing what he described as a moral conversion
Rejecting his mom passed in becoming the public relations director of the Conjunto Fulcoreco and a national day
What?
From more than three decades
You heard what I said
Conjunto Fulcoreco
What word did you say?
Well I got a little bit of a cloak that's floaked up there
That's what I was trying to say in focus will you?
Fulcoreco and a national I said it right you give me crap man
I don't think there is already say it right
That's exactly right Conjunto Fulcoreco
Stop
Stop
Stop
Stop
Oh God
This is serious stuff man
Yes sure it is
The guy is dead
So?
I don't know
What do you ever do for you?
Nothing
Me either
Didn't even teach me to dance
It's all in here
So I broke you the 31st
Kessiella Zlatheon on 48th to study public relations at Northwestern University perfecting his English
He was a card dealer in a Vegas casino when Lansky persuaded him to be his assistant in Cuba
As the ruralist researches book the two men spent countless afternoons visiting Lansky's haunts
The former military base where Lansky and Batista met the Marina Hemingway
Where Lansky took his mistress Carmen the hotels where rocket Americans arrived on 80 daily flights from the west ones crowded around
We're led wheels and black tech tables
The Capri the revier endowville and the Nassio and Al hotels still staying today destinations for beach seeking Europeans on travel packages and rare American congressmen on trade and fact-finding
Missions what about Canadians a see this goes to show you whoever wrote this crap
This is from the oh it's in the herald well you know some moron wrote it
I began to discover I have added that I never knew existed since the 68-year-old surrealist who grew up in Easton
Camagray and didn't arrive in heaven to long after the revolution is that correct camagray sure whatever you don't know you
Don't know your Cuba from squat man you better go back and you'll come when I left so me so let's be
Assused with that what do you remember from when you were four I remember falling down on that sidewalk that time
I remember chasing ducks with a squirt gun that's about it remember I remember throwing away my turtle and I think he wasn't dead yet really
Yeah, that was the first turtle I ever seen they used to poke his head out every now and then as I got older I saw a lot more of those
So there's a new Europe snap in turtles I understand can see I was described how lansky left Cuba for good with a fake passport April 59
Carmen accompanied into the US where he died in 83 12 years after he was indicted for allegedly skimming millions of dollars from the flamingo hotel in Vegas
The charges were dismissed because of his poor health he was always ill and poor my
Is that thing under my or is it under lansky well you you know you didn't even have a
I don't you do there's a land on bass and kiss your kiss your ass goodbye lands bass or could he sing or he lands you
Farry I was quite a bullet wasn't once in a car to come out of the closet
Now the Charles Charles Nelson Riley died we need to have another I was quite a bullet wasn't once in a car to come out of the closet
Now the Charles Charles Nelson Riley died we need to have another spokesman for the game flame point community don't we sure
Thousand sixty one votes on the pool will have eleven hundred pretty soon and then we'll like I said we got thirteen I think
All breaking news four girls and their mother found hanged near Hudson Oaks Texas
Old three year old and a two year old dead bodies were found hanging in the closet of a mobile home
When you know something when you live in a mobile home sometimes you want to hang yourself don't you
And I guess some of the people who are living mobile homes are probably already hung when you think I'm at the
Goldstein but you can call me down the whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town it's the 12th of one hour
Down in Miami where the loser's all bill there's a big fat bastard named Charlie Joe
He manages a radio station there and when it comes to paying bills Joe don't care
That's the girl
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Joe's picked a point out that easily greed has a spending freeze
Crackers are not the only one who's being left with no choice but believe on your desk a steaming pile of joys
That'd be Joe and Louis man not a baby no alcohol alcohol alcohol
That'd be Joe and Louis no alcohol alcohol
That'd be Joe
I'm looking forward to seeing that be Joe on the corner of the job in Palm Metal Park Road
Walking through the traffic with a cardboard sign that says, oh that beat bump
Can you smirm in a dime?
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Come on two at five sixty. I hear that's going around man joy same problem she blows she blows that's what I'm hearing speaking of people who blow
So I got an an invoice in the mail I think on Friday from your close personal friend and sometimes attorney Norma Kent
Okay
This is an old invoice allegedly a copy of an old invoice for some court charges that hadn't been paid because Joyce didn't want to pay him and but it be pitiful
And I look at this thing and this is about the second or third time that this a
Queen friend of mine is trying to pull this on me and it includes the charges for the entire area I pay him an annual fee to represent me for a two thousand six
Right
Which already of course have been paid
I guess assuming that I have old-timers disease and just we'll look at the number on that page and say, oh okay I'll write a check out the norma for
Someone's got a le amount in fact the amount that the isn't that interesting that's exactly the amount that I blew with the naguar over the weekend
So sorry Norma even assuming I owed you that which I didn't it's all gone anyway
I mean what kind of an agent does something like that?
I don't know
I'll tell you what kind yeah that kind
If I was 82 in next few minutes we'll have 1100 and then I guess maybe even coasted to 13
I don't think so I think 1200 was a good number good number to pick Chris but we'll see you've been the pool magician last few days
Remember not many voted yesterday so they got to get out of their blood today
Well that many voted yesterday because there was nobody listening yesterday because it was a holiday for Christ's
I mean any of the top of the row we had big numbers yesterday everybody was listening
He should see the grid on his face while he says that
But you know everybody loves these things and everything loves one the music shows
Oh you played a lot of music? I already told you
Well you just you've lost over real fast so that I wouldn't be able to remember any questions
I said I played music instead of bits
Oh every break?
Yeah
And we're still on the year now why do they were talking about Ethan Skolnick dropping a big smelly low-ray bowl?
I mean that's a radio show
On Memorial Day yeah
We're talking about Ethan Skolnick dropping a smelly dump and covering it up with lilac candles
Man I'm telling you jolly jolly I'm not gonna tell you what jolly joe told me about that show by the way
Because that would be you know what that would be you know
Unleashing some crap
I think that word was in there by the way crap but nevertheless
It's like this is the second year in a row didn't we go through this last year and I kept screaming when is this man gonna do something?
When is the other shoe gonna drop when is this man gonna get off his fat big smelly ass?
And now we're going through it again here it's almost the end of May tomorrow is the 30th of May
Am I right about that?
Okay 29th 30th of May tomorrow
Let me say it again
I'm not a Chris so you're gonna start that again?
Oh yeah okay
Let's replay the tape tomorrow is on the front day day of my oh
Am I correct?
Sure
Yeah
Which means we got two more days left in the month and it's gonna be Hunio
I'm gonna be one happy camp here when June comes
Oh boy
I'm gonna be a happy old man when June comes
You know that song I bet you got it you won't see me by the Beatles you know I do do you do you?
You won't see me much I'll say that you won't hear me much
Two days and Thursday starting like the middle of June that's after that we vacation
Boy you sure got a tough schedule like well you know what thank God two car bombings kill at least 38 and bag that just more numbers
And here's this poor schlepper coming in there with
The limping on one one leg that don't look like it's gonna still be on it iraqs
Casualties 64,000 civilians go what's that this week?
We're that number three says nearly 3500 of its numbers 3463 now on US troops pretty similar gonna pass 3500 number
Does anybody making a big scream about it? No
And there's Cindy she and she threw in the towel she called a quits because it's a totalitarian
Fascist government in control of the US now a or is that in control of the USA? That's right
They're sending a few of her rag tags supporters there one of her previous so you know she gave it her best man
I really respect her but boy what a disappointment sure that it hurts
He says to hide her son died for a country that cares more about who will win the next American Idol and all this crap
Then how many people will be killed innocent people will be sacrificed in the next few months absolutely correct Cindy
Is that what I've been saying?
Mm-hmm
Christ
Anyway, here's the appool worst form of entertainment we got a thousand ninety one this segment we're gonna go over 1100 Chris
I think you're right. We got a shot at 1250
rap music 499 on the verge of 500 anybody who calls that music needs a mental adjustment needs a hearing aid needs something
needs an attitude of justcy
See the thing with me is I don't I don't really care about this color of people's skin or things like that
It's got to do with attitude and behavior
Yeah of people that that that's how I view people
I know I was gonna say judge people I don't want to judge anybody, but that that's how I view the world, you know
Based on individual people in the way they behave in their attitude if they got a crappy attitude
I'm gonna say there's some kind of crappy person rap music 499
And a lot of crappy people involved in that crap too by the way
Professional wrestling 174 sports talk radio 126 speaking of crap. Wow
Well, do you think that that that that these call peppers can get that off into the Super Bowl this year?
I think the Yankees can win the pennant
Like I said before now I watch the entire hockey game last night
Did I say anything about it today? I said nice going ducks is what I said and he said way to go robbing you know
I'm ready to go. It was a great pass to set up a winning goal nice going there Robbie hell of a pass hell of a play
Fort off a check behind and any came around from the side and passed it right in front and but I'm being
It's in the net by the way. Well, I didn't see the CBC because you're in the USA
Bob Kool and Harry Neal need to be taken to the old folks home. I mean
Just had no idea what was going on. I didn't know what city they were in
1091 votes sports talk radio is 326 opera 95 made for TV movie 63 most of which are made for the a trash bin
Reality TV 56 modern art 41 and Broadway musicals only 37. I guess they like their musicals, huh?
That's because most of them are gay all these much women we got out there
I mean, that's why they're so anti-toss sports talk radio
What more could be what could be more interesting and and similarly besides the course talking about Ethan school and his valve movements then Jimmy and Danny
What could be more say than that
Right right and I know I see I'm guilty myself because I probably have spent a half hour total or at least 20 minutes
Talking about the fact that they discussed that this morning
But I'm just there are a few things that shocked this old queen. Okay. I've been around a long time. I see them come and go. I've heard it all but
There are days I sit in this chair in light like this morning
And like I said it's not just having the sports writers on the air, but now they're the now they're topic of conversation now they are grist for the mill and
The best part of it is 95% 99% of the people in South Florida don't know who they are
Don't care. Don't read their columns. Don't read the freaking newspapers and certainly don't read Ethan Skolik
Or Alex freaking Marvaz or any of these other guys boyfriends. I think that's what this is all about
I think the sports nerds are putting their boyfriends on here
What else could it be? Volcanper said he was an Ethan's house when he dropped that big smelly load
And he brought out the cashmere bouquet. I guess that was the cashmere bouquet that the crow left behind that he didn't smear all over himself
Remember those days sure
He used to he used to bathe in cashmere bouquet. I have never smelled anybody as fragrant as the crow
And I mean fragrant. You know there's nothing wrong with the little you know after shave or a little bit of
Whatever column
But when you like smell like you've drenched in it like you've been taking a bath in it for like 15 years and like it just
Permiated every pore in your body. It's like oh let me out of here. I like that. Oh
Yeah, how about you do
Well, I guess in accounting
They thought he's stuck to because they're the ones about his aspired. He went in there. Any bitch didn't he got his aspired
Evergreen he got his aspired because he behaved like a like a crazy person. That's right
I mean who the hell is he expecting you to pay down payday? Who the hell are you cruel?
Why didn't he be any different?
That's right
Why should you be different from chicken? I can add dog to everybody else that wasn't getting paid on payday
And you're staffing to me quite often too until jolly Joe came along. That's the one thing. So I'll give credit where credit is due
In fact, this last payday I got to check two days early. How do you like that?
Which allowed me to go to a me on Niagara Falls to falls view and lose my ass, but but nevertheless
I'll give him credit for that absolutely nothing else
my queen
96 miles across the sea
Through the sanctuities of Miami
That's all it takes to reach it
Save the town, the land, the skate plans, the skate plans, the skate plans
Through the way the rat that was on our head
Now we have to use toilet paper instead
The skate from to Miami next target of a rat
A tropical paradise loaded with that
The beginning where our night and our night
They're serving us eyes, say I'm the other one
But we really rather drink our tea
With the rat's lash of youth, throat, ten seas of both
Point to court Miami and off we go
To where the angry humans slaughter their goat to the attack
Attack, attack, attack, that's our plan, the skate plan
The skate plan, the skate plan
The plan is our plan, the skate plan
1217 at 560 W.2. I'm happy Tuesday man
It's almost over May is almost at the end
Wow, what does that mean? Nothing
Time is marching on baby and what's happening at a Q.A.M.?
No
What are you talking about?
I don't know, anything exciting happening, anything on the horizon
Well I understand we had Ethan Skolnick farting
No, not on the ear
Oh, it wasn't?
He can't fart on the ear, he can fart and stick up his own place
And Vokeamper was there for me
Listen if you did
He can't fart sounds anymore
Come on, let's play the whole thing, what do you say?
Not
Ain't no fun sounds like people
No, I gotta make back that money I lost on Saturday
It falls you in those stupid machines
Well, but there's serious some real pretty people there
I'll say that, wow
In fact, you know something now that I think about it
Of course, I don't know how you go about that
You know, you walk up to somebody and say
Hey, I got the 100, I got 500 bucks here for you
I got a nice room of stairs overlooking the
One thing about that place, every room looks out over the falls
I see
So if you want to jump, you go right down
I don't know how you go about doing that, you know
It's a little bit awkward, isn't it?
I'm just thinking for the amount of money that I plunged away
I could have had me a really good time somewhere
Hmm
Guess what's coming up Friday
I get up
12 days, tax free holiday on stormy
It's the new hurricane, it starts Friday
Let's hear it
Because Friday is a Uno de Hunio
Florida's least favorite shopping season, hurricane season, make it off to a slow start this year
Says the scum settle, that's where Ethan Skolik works by the way for the Sun sentinel
You know the guy that the farts and smells up the room real bad and brings out a much a lilac crap
The state's 12 day hurricane preparation sales tax holiday goes into effect this Friday
El Uno de Hunio
Kicking off a shopping spree that allows for audience to save money on batteries
Oh two bad Sally Fitz left town
Generators and other storm relief surprise
One thing about Sally man if you ever ran out of battery she already had she always had the you know she bought them in bulk
She always had some stored up for you
Read
Stored up where
Up there
Up yonder
Retailers such as Walmart and Loes are gearing up for the sales push by sending up well stock displays of gas cans
Coolers and other necessities
Oh, yeah, we don't want to get you nervous or anything but Fridays officially to start you can save a lot of money
But I'm stock up baby not that anybody in Florida wants to get you all whipped up a hurricane
But just as fresh and painful memories of Wilma and current stuff for millions to get an early start on shopping for supplies last year
The mile 2006 hurricane season could have just the opposite effect
Lether G
We already bought the generator in the big stilts said John B.D. of Bokeh
This year will be a small spending season we're good for you John save that money and plunge your guts go to the casinos man lose your ass
B.D. and his wife are said the hurricane supply list would include things like batteries and flashlights now we're talking
There's one notable change in the tax reality this year consumers can now spend up to 75 bucks as opposed to 50 bucks last year for portable radios
Oh, thank God for that go out and get you a couple extra radios
Now do you remember the great job that I did during Wilma if I do say so myself?
Sure
All of us
All of us what did a great job or remember it?
Yeah, both
No seriously because I was here and didn't have to worry about losing my power and had the internet going and the TV and everything and had we had a regular blow-by-blow so to speak like joy she blows
In all the holidays expected to save now what will you I understand the response there why why did you even like that's not a bulletin
You know
Oh
She blows it rhymes with that which made for one hell of a bit and you're telling me that clearance didn't who told me that Chris
Clarence was walking through the halls seeing
You know she blows she blows
Hope your list enjoys Clarence Josh Darrow was going in the hallway and giving you crap
Sullying your name and reputation you bitch in all the holidays expected to save residents almost 25 million dollars in sales taxes far less than last year's anticipated savings of 41 million with some say was overestimated
A spokesman for governor Charlie gay Christ office of the state expects fewer and then it's chopped off here the story good I don't want to read this anyway
While retailers are preparing for crowds of shoppers they say it's something and business will
Fared during a tight-tell a business will fear during the tax fee period
Shopped off there's an ad here for icon luxury condos that's slopped over in the damn Sunsundla I hate that don't you all the terms can't stand that crap
The sales of big ticket things like generators might be a little bit slower
But we're going to be prepared anyway said Freddie Miller South Florida market manager for Walmart don't take it personal Friday
We don't like you okay don't take it personally
But he's a South Florida market manager for Walmart so I'm assuming you don't like him either I don't you like him Chris no don't care depending on the button no
Come on you can do it no depending on the volume of business each Walmart store in South Florida initially carry between 20 and 40 portable generators
Last year stores couldn't read I don't know why I needed you to say that I've heard that word so many times in my life
Last year's doors couldn't restock them fast enough and lines formed outside area home improvement stores in early morning hours
So people are going to ensure that they got one we're just making sure that our shelves are stocks at Brian Matthews
A store manager at super target and going to beach and Brian we don't mind you at all right
Not at all what is super target bigger than the usual target wow bigger and better than the plain old ordinary target
The beauty of buying hurricanes applies Miller said is that they're always useful there you go a lot of people use the tax for holidays
The chance to stock up on things are going to use throughout the year we said Irene Reagan 64 or four-loader deal plants to take
Advance of the tax on it topping your shopping list is a cell phone charger and batteries are also a must we have some things from last year
She said but I will go out and restock better be put a boot put about well good for you Irene keep it clean Irene
City old queen you know what I mean 11 I seen on the pool I don't think I even mentioned when we had that I try very
Dilligely to mention every time we pass another landmark in another century yeah kind of like my age
11 19 now in the pool so I'm thinking that by a one we might have 12 I don't know I think 1250 is a safe number to pick
13 and after luck I head on over the weekend by the way somebody one guy won 27 million in the 6.49 lot of here this weekend
I guess you can safely assume it was not me right there how much I got five bucks not good the only good news is that this Wednesday tomorrow night
It's up it's one of those bonus deals you know even though somebody won they have a few of these throughout the year where they keep
Jacking up the winning total even though somebody won the previous time it's up to 30 million tomorrow night
But 30 man and like Winnery said I think I'm just going to go ahead and win it good to say that all the time I'm just going to go ahead and win that thing
Of course that was the Florida lottery and of course the Florida is everybody knows is a major rip off they give you an annuity
And if you want to take it one lump sum if you want 20 million they give it like about 5 cent you know can't have it all at once you know because the governor is busy
Paying off his boyfriends and that chick who pretends to be his girlfriend well what kind of nonsense is that you know
What is everybody have to have a beard can you answer that?
Well because it's the only good wonder why can't you just come out and stand before the cameras and say I'm a fag okay
The Republic of Christ say
And Mark Foley and I used to like you know hang it off together probably shared some of the same company no doubt
New silly person you fair right
And then of course like I said if Hillary oh god I can't even put it in the words I don't want I don't dare say it on here
What I do that she might be the president no way isn't it isn't it
It'll never happen no that's correct because even if she got all the way wouldn't surprise me Democrats have a way of doing that picking somebody that couldn't get elected in the fixed election
Exactly she can't get elected so even if they run her she can't get elected I would say she is absolutely unelectable
I don't even know and that too
1121 on the pool we're shooting for 12 by the top of the earth then you got a shot then you got an outside shot for greatness
Chris is the pull man now all of a sudden since he's taking this thing on by himself he's leading us out of the wilderness in a new
New paths in a new areas of greatness and if you can do that when the ratings come out on June 7th boy we'll I'll buy some
Cool banana Dacquery or something like that no thanks what not
Sorry is that sound a little bit too gay not into a banana Dacquery is right like that how about the case of beer how about some vodka
All of that up to a Josh's girlfriend of the year I'm buying a lot of case of the
Not a case of beer just a case of the year I'm going to tackle Bell right now
God
Welcome to heaven of those waiting to activate please rename seated until you're hit this cold
Excuse me hey where do you think you're going pal
Jesus says has a special place for me
That's what you think you don't understand my friend I'm the good reverend Jerry fallwell and I've
Loaded my life to the world of the Lord
Oh one it out yeah I know what you are Jesus I got a guy handing for well says you got a special place for him
He must be one of those yeah
Let me talk to him is this the voice of God to sound but I never talked to you before or your buddy
Push for that matter you delusional time or hot back your party so I am so sick of you from
Flamers Roger I'm a man for great power love you the Lord's name and all yes you did
I got a big surprise for all the crooks down there and what's with all you in print speaking in tongues
Stand up this helps convey the world of the Lord
Well I'm the Lord and here's your word reincarnation
Oh and finally Jerry I'm gay
Take care of the people I'm on it okay pal let's see that just leave it for a tainless fun by the way to be
Now that's right for Robinson you get tinky wiki I'm gonna wait for that I'll have you know what I have
Give me money give me money for the home oh twelve thirty two what if it turns out that
Be just for the home after all would that be something yeah now it sure turns in people around so to speak
You can do it Chris yes we can if Eric gets his foot off the break he's he's jamming on right now I can always tell me does that
With no jobs and no money many female Iraqi refugees in Syria have turned to prostitution in order to survive
Oh my God many of these women and girls including some barely in their teens are recent refugees rights Catherine Zulf some are
Trick or forced into prostitution but most say they've got no other means is supporting their families
Court of the UN Higher Commissioner for refugees about 1.2 million Iraqi refugees now live in Syria the Syrian government puts the figure even higher
Even the deteriorating economic situation of those refugees a UN report found last year many girls and women in severe need
Turned to prostitution in secret even with the knowledge of their or involvement of family members
In many cases reported they had a family brings clients to the house they're pimping out their daughters out
Aid workers say thousands of Iraqi women work as prostitutes in Syria and point out that as violence in Iraq has increased
The refugee poll populations come to include more female headed households and on a company women
So many of the Iraqi women arriving now are living on their own with their children because the men and their families were killed or kidnapped
Said system or reclawed Nadaf a Syrian nun at the Good Shepherd covenant in Damascus was helps Iraqi refugees
When a prostitute died only good things are happening over there okay if you people in the meeting with staff reporting the good things that are happening if we could ever find out what they were like that wonderful school for kids
What was that school they were talking about the prostitute school yeah the right the hooker school right now you know the one I'm talking about the one that never got built
Oh that one that Laura Bush was going on about the chair of Iraq has I thought was supposed to be a hospital or something whatever whatever whatever place for our kids you know who aren't dead yet
Now how do we pronounce this guy's name somebody sent me a thing until I see in K you agree the right for smoking chip
Sank it's not that's not correct Tink Tink oh whatever Tink Tink
He says the war is over Bush has lost the Republicans the war is over there aren't three people in the country more conservative than Republican Senator Jeff Sessions from Alabama and this is what he said over the weekend
By September when general for traces to make a report I think most of the people in Congress believe unless something extraordinary occurs that we should be on a move to draw those surge numbers down
If that wasn't clear enough he added I don't think we need to be an occupying power this is a fine line we've walked and this surge has got to be temporary
We don't need to be in cannot be perceived as just an occupying Iraq for any extended period of time
It is now clear September is the Republican deadline Mitch McConnell he sent a minority leader made the Senate Republican position even clear he said I think the handwriting is on the wall that we're going in a different direction in the fall
It's on the wall in the fall and I expect the president himself to lead it right
Obviously he hasn't really expected the president will lead the effort to go in a direction otherwise he wouldn't be making his public statements to pressure him to do it
The flood waters are rising without the Republicans in Congress this administration is left all alone in the effort to continue this misbegotten war
All Bush's left now is chained leading him around the Titanic yelling come on Rose the troops on the ground get it the Iraqi army isn't going to fight with us to keep Iraq together
In fact the very people we train off and fight against this in the battles against insurgents and militias unfortunately the situation in Iraq these days is that the people who believe in Iraq don't want to fight and the people who fight don't believe in Iraq
The majority of the west gets it the Democrats get it and now find that the Republicans have gotten the memo though they're willing to go till September for mission they no longer believe in for political purposes
And even the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State get it that's why people friendly to their interests have leaked the plan they support to cut our troops in Iraq by 50% in 2008
When asked about that plan Senator Sessions replied I certainly hope that's what will occur we can't sustain this level of my opinion in Iraq and Afghanistan much longer
Senator McConnell said the handwriting is on the wall isn't that what Daniel saw in the lines that he saw the handwriting on the wall?
Yes, and he said it's in Hebrew for Christ. How am I supposed to read that crap backwards? Yeah, right.
Oh, what's that bit that what's it? Lord old striped says very good boy you are sharp today. I'll say that.
I'm a sharp guy in the family.
Millions have converted for fun and profit now you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl striped says we'll convert any guy for just 99.95
That's right listen to one of our successful graduates.
For Kim I shall own Malachi.
I shall own at Earl striped says we'll convert anyone into a Jew Malakim.
Haka dos paruto translated means sorry. I must have left my wallet at home.
Millie. Millie.
Hamalakhim.
Haka dos translated means stewardess. Did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Millie.
Haka dos paruto translated means stewardess.
Translated yes rabbi the check is in the mail. Yes you two can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Earl striped says.
Act now and get a free Yard side candle for just 10 dollars. Earl striped says we'll convert any goi for just 99.95 or more if we can.
Hamalakhim.
How the hell must we read backwards for Christ's sake?
Do good.
I'm dying on the hand. All right.
Maybe because they see that we're lacking it's a poem.
They provide a headline that will be due by the poem.
Inshane is the one again.
Now they have only one.
They say to them,
don't put me down.
We got a,
now they are hoping and saying,
you got a,
they won't attack us no more.
You got a,
praise for Christ's sake.
Inshane,
now they're loving us,
what they got here to believe.
Can't get any done with it.
A home-party carter thing.
You believe in what they say.
They say like a girl,
like a girl,
as they imagine.
They're staring at the state
so they're falling over to.
We got a,
we got a,
we got a,
we got a,
we got a,
we got a,
we got a,
1245.
Breakfast announcement.
Remember that morning?
They got on.
we got on the news. Yeah, it was out of his mouth on then they hang this ass and
I thought over right the troops came home
It was worse news than we started the show with ten now not eight ten American soldiers were killed in roadside bombings and
Helicopter crash yesterday
Making made the deadliest month of the year for years troops in Iraq
They've been saying eight and all of us and all couple more bodies over here
The American deaths raised the number of US forces killed this month to at least 112
And we're closing in on 3,500 Tural and not to mention of course the hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis and the people with no legs and no arms and no eyes and no
whatever
And like I say I mean when Cindy she ensures in the town and you know it's there's no hope
Am I right? I don't want to sound like the fetus. I don't want to sound like oh geez
He's so you know, but when you can't even play this
You know, so when you came put a smile on somebody's face because a freedom freedom of speech is dead
And we got some self-appointed bitch over there in Naples Florida
All God for second places determining what we can say and what we can place
Like before she blows she blows. I mean everybody knows she blows
So why even you know
1149 votes. I don't think we're gonna make 13 every Chris
I think you're like it wouldn't I tell you over shot?
You just watch
I'm watching I'm watching wait and Chris says 13. I say 1250
1150 there you go. So with me we need another hundred votes an hour and 14 minutes. That's certainly very doable with you. You need
What I say you need one 50 oh come on you got the 14 is 74. Well, it's doable
But boy they sure have to really come rally around your fat ass out there to that they really have to look at that
There's another one of them 51. There's one
Hey listen, you know something I think the poll I could be wrong about this
I can only speak for my own personal experience and my own fat ass perspective. I
Think the poll is one of those things that keeps me going
really
The poll and some of my online friends there that give me like a little verbal
Inspiration and like you know tough it out baby just keep going like that
Good and so long you know
Bacon information stuff like that making bacon bacon bacon shaking and bacon
Because I was thinking during this last break. I was thinking there I see a lot of similarities between George W
Bush and fat ass Jolly Joe Bell
Both their last name is beginning with a B
Both of them are killers
I mean look look what Jolly Joe is then to our numbers kill them
Destroyed them butchered them just like we got the butcher in Washington who's butchering you know like living and breathing people at least they used to be I see a lot of similarities
Absolute incompetence and yet both of them can put on a good public persona, you know like Joey Zaza remember that sure
When a Bella Figuora see remember that scene see they were in the
Cassini there in Atlantic City
Sure, it's true. I make a better Bella Figuora but but but if you won't give I will take
Yeah, take a bullet in the head Joey
Now it was a good scene. I'm not a big fan of his though. It's got nothing to do with the alien
So I just you used to talk all about how good he was until that happened and I did not I never talked about how good
He was what are you talking about young touchables and in that movie and he was one of the few people that showed up to work in that movie
And you know the rest of it stunk the rest of them yielded in yeah
You think that Kevin Costner mailed it in you know, I think I think I think they mailed in his personality and they got lost in
Well, I was just gonna say
That guy's the one that police is they keep jacking up the price of their stamps but man
They keep getting stuff lost in the mail. I think they lost Kevin's Kevin Costner has got to be just I mean I don't understand it
You can't complain about his personnel. He doesn't have any none
He's his bland as tapioca pudding
They're ever tapioca pudding. Yeah, I'm not into it. Thank you. No, of course not because it's delicious, but no taste leak. Yeah
Kansas City, Missouri, but what a place that is man, Missouri and Kansas
All those flat earth people out there. What is a lot of flat earth people all around the world?
Get keys
Tom Wayne. I wonder if he's kind of Bruce Wayne
Has the mass thousands of books and we're house during the 10 years. He's run his used bookstore
Prospero's books
His collection ranges from bestseller such as Tom transes the hunt for red October and Tom wolf's bonfire the vanities to obscure titles like a bound report from the fourth Pan American conference held in
Witness errors in 1910
But when he wanted to thin out the collection he found he couldn't even give away books to libraries or thrift jobs
They said they were full so on Sunday
Wayne began burning his books and protest about his season societies diminishing support for the printed word
Read a book read a mother's fraction book for quite a lot of you idiots right on
Right. Yeah, mother
Effin book out of sports page not a magazine but a book cracker but a book
Cracker
Them too
This is the funeral pirate for thought in America today Wayne told spectators outside his bookstore as he lit the first batch of books
The fire blazed for about 50 minutes before the Kansas City Fire Department put it out because they didn't wait to never permit for burning
Wayne said next time he'll get a permit
He said he envisions monthly bond fires until a supply estimated 20,000 books is exhausted. I'm getting exhausted just thinking about it
After slugging through the tens of thousands of books
We've slogged through and accumulated that many and have people turn you away when you take them somewhere
It's just kind of a knee jerk reaction. He said it's a good excuse for fun
Oh, yeah burn a book for Jesus
Oh look at that. There's a car where where's that caracas they shut down the TV station because they're ripping a hero's shop
So we shut them off the air kind of like Sylvia Burlisconi only they voted him out
I think they're gonna have any more elections in the Venezuelan anymore. He won't last one or here
Wayne said he's seen fewer customers in recent years as people more often get their information from TV or on the internet
He put it to a 2002 study by the National Endowment for the Arts that found that less than half of the del respondents
reported reading for pleasure down from almost 57% 1982
Less than half read a book read a mother scratching book
Kansas City has seen the number of youth books towards the client of recent years and there are a few independent
Bookstores left in town said we'll leave them
Kolen or Prosperous books. There are segments of the city where you go to in the state sale find five TVs and three books
He said
Well, I'll be damned
The idea burning of the books horrified Marsha Trafer to pay $20 under the caraway and armload of tombs on art education music
I've been trying to adopt as many books as I could she said or adopt a book for Jesus baby. It sounds good
What do you say?
Sure
Doesn't have other people to advantage the book burning searching through the books waiting to go into the flames for lies men and bargains
Mike backtell paid $10 for a stack of books including an anti-collectant children's literature which he said he'd say for his four-year-old son
I think given the fact it's a protest of people not reading books. It's the best way to do it
He said Wayne has made the point that not reading a book is as good as burning it
Whatever that means he's pretty burned up about it. So he's burning in books because he can't he can't give him away
Yeah
Just like just like the spots, you know when you have zero shares of one shares then you're not going to be able to give him away
And so when you're claimed to fame is always sure got a lot of spots
We're sure making some money for these crackers. Yeah
Not when you got zero and one shares baby
Then what are you gonna sell? Huh?
Who are you going to be talking to yourself? You're going to be sitting in the office and talking to yourself
selling yourself a bill of goods? Sure
Like holy cow that ethics skull neck and now we got to have Evan Kohn on tomorrow on Thursday
From two to four for man dog and on Friday
We got guilty on from two to four right in the middle of the day when people are still awake
Even though everybody knows we don't have the Panther games anymore. He's like a lame duck
That was duck I said I could have said something else
Just you know you wonder you scratch your head don't you wonder who wrote the book or love and don't you wonder what these people?
I think I'm no I don't not anymore
What do you mean by that they're programming to themselves they like it
They like it they like it and if the numbers are low they just need to put more sports on the air and then
You know people come around where you know what I had that anxious half hour conversation with jelly through last week
I think it was a week ago where yesterday when he called me to tell me don't play that
Ha no more farts on and I should ask him do you like it like that
Then I might have found out. So I guess maybe you're right maybe it doesn't like it
I know the beastly is like it because all that's that's all Bruce Beasley
I was about man is a ball game the small games and jock straps and the guys are wearing and guys who take showers together and then that stuff
you know
It sounds a little bit gay although not as gay as Ethan the Skullnick
with those line lock candles and poop or re
Oh you really have to you have somebody has got to stretch listen to me
Somebody has got to scratch me what about chair and force you to listen to the audio from 8 to 8 25 this morning of the Ethan Skullnick
Gay or not gay
Pupori and lilac candles and lilac
Whatever oh I'll pass
You will I'll pass out yeah that's here. We'll go flop and right over on the backside. I'm fine
Yeah, you'll hit the floor and head for the door when you hear Ethan Skullnick's bow his his
Sports writers see first it wasn't bad enough. I mean at least the athletes
They got some kind of physical talent or they're doing something people are paying to watch the sports writers
Nobody cares about them nobody. I mean if we had like a like a red Smith who's been dead for many years or like some great sports writer
You know like that or even like a mycloopica somebody ever heard of before and my right Chris everybody heard of mycloopica right unfortunately
Well, I'm not saying you like him or not. I'm just saying you've heard of him somebody has some idea who he might have been
Or might still be
Tank has him on sometimes. Well, that's unfortunate, but again, he's a man
But at least somebody like I said knows who the hell that is, you know
I still don't understand. Why do we need sports writers on on the sports shows where we pay all this money to people to be like a sports experts, right?
Well Evan Cohn's not a sports writer
But what what who said anything about him? I just said you were just on the air. So yeah
I'm just saying he's not on the air as a guest. He's not on as a guest
Correct. No, you understand in order to be a guest on this radio station
You have to be either a jock or a guy who writes about jocks or go around sniffing him a lot or drop bad bombs in the toilet like Ethan Skolnik
What is the worst form of entertainment that's our full question?
Today we got 1169 I think 1250 sounds very, you know doable and maybe you're right with a 13. I don't know
You need 131 votes in 64 minutes. That's a little a little over two a minute crash faith
Okay, not me. I lost my faith as a child
What's the worst form of entertainment rap music? 530 professional music a rap professional wrestling 180 to yeah
Professional rap music
182 on the wrestling sports talk radio 132
Boy, it is something. I can't say the word
Opera 101 boy operas making a big leap now reality TV 77 made for TV movie 67 modern art 41 and Broadway musicals only 39 and Charles Nelson
Raleigh is still dead
Oh
Every time I
Look at you
I can't notice how much peace
North side all that you can't
Brought it is great
Inside is no nothing else
Me
The
That's why George always
He
He bought a team to inhale
He was born into money but he's so kind and dumb
Without
Life of the party is college day
That's
That's the reason
He's
No, what I caught it. Oh, no what I wasn't listening
Yeah, likely story
103 at 560 WQM. It's our big one to two our man don't come up at two o'clock when we get to the important stuff man sports now
What sports can we be talking about now?
Marlins nobody cares about tomorrow. What about the NBA to have going on? Yeah, there's something
Stanley Cup finals ducks beat
Honorable last night for three two
You think we're going to be hearing about that this afternoon no four weeks from sook
No
Maybe Ethan Skolmer could be talking about next when he gets his show
A relative found the bodies of a 23 year old woman and her four small daughters hanging in a closet their mobile home this morning. This is in
Texas
All of them did except an eight month old who was taken to hospital the woman sister who also lived in Oak Hills
Mobile Home Park about 25 miles west of Fort Worth found the bodies
She rescued the infant when she realized the baby girl was still alive
Followed and said that at children ranges 5 3 and 2 all had been hanged with strips of clothing and sashes
The infant was taken to cook cook children's medical center for worth was in good condition
We're still in the process of notifying the next to kin drive a sort to stop and see just exactly what didn't happen
The sheriff said he said it appeared to be a murder suicide but the investigation was continuing
The woman and her girls were lasting live last night early this morning the woman's sister stuff
I the trailer because the woman had gone to work and found the bodies
The woman was believed to be separated from her husband who's been notified of the death well
There's another one of those good cases for a marriage, isn't it? Sure
Not not that we know necessarily if that anything do with him of course you're separated from a husband
But they sure make a lot of babies. I'll say that and they lived in a trailer park
Don't don't
A former prejudice not I confess
That whole trailer trash thing. I mean what what right? I'm sure we got people right now listening who live in sure
Probably good upstanding a redneck. I mean people you know some people. It's the best they can do
And some people like it. Yeah
You want to live in a train? Oh geez
They're just going there
Christ that was bad. Sorry
You ought to be 1187 votes on the pool now Christmas thinking we get another 113
He's a crazy person not going to happen. I'm thinking more like another 65 for 1250
And you know and once upon a time people say well who the hell cares what to now
Thanks to me. I've educated the audience and made them understand that it's very important
Much more important than 3465 US servicemen who have been killed in a war based on lies. Who cares about that
I
Amidently not enough people not not too many
The Iraq war this is from raw story which for years has drawn militants from around the world is beginning to export fighters
And the tactics they've honed in the insurgency neighboring countries and beyond the New York Times says
According to the report experts now say that the experience that jihadists are currently gaining in Iraq will become far more problematic than the training
Muslim radicals received in Afghanistan's terrorist camps
A report written by former state-to-prime intelligence analyst Dennis Polciinsky in April stated
Battleheart and militants from Iraq posed a greater threat to the West than extremists to train in Afghanistan
Because Iraq has become a laboratory for urban guerrilla tactics a laboratory
Operational parallels exist between urban terrorist activity in Iraq and urban environments of Europe and the West
Polciinsky says more relevant terrorist skills are transferable from Iraq to Europe than from Afghanistan to Europe
According to the article jordan is one of the first to feel the effects of a raqqist sported terrorism a terrorist plot was recently
Falled in which a group of militants from Iraq planned to bomb tourists in their port
Captured bomber Muhammad al-Darcy a militant who sought to kill Americans in Iraq after being freed from prison in Libya
Was recruited and trained by Iraqi militants for the purported jordan attack a recruiter
He fought on the internet arranged to meet him on a bridge into masques
But when he got there mr. Darcy 24 said the recruiter told him he was not needed in Iraq and said he was drafted into the war that is
Seeping out of Iraq
When in doubt it is seeping out. Oh, I've had those days like today. Oh
Is it seeping out? Oh
I haven't checked
I'm squirming around the chair though. I'm squirting around in the chair. No, it's squirming. Oh
A team of militants from Iraq had traveled to jordan where they were preparing attacks on Americans and Jews
Darcy said the recruiter told him
Yes Darcy to join them and blow himself up and acquire a tourist at Queen Ali Airport in Aman
Come on. Let's go have a party and Laura sells up. It'll be of last
For the more an article published in one day's gulf news says that members of a Palestinian militant group fighting the lesbian
East military previously fought in Iraq and received training in jordan
Primarily made of Sunni Arabs the resistance group announced that formation last November shortly after two of us members
Rested by the lesbian East authorities gulf news says marwan bishara al-Jazza is middle east analyst
Says the group is transnational
And then many of the fighters have fought in a reckoned and printed camps in places such as jordan in
2005 a wrecking tear minister by am jabor warned that
Foreign fighters training in a rack find a return home to carry out a tax Toronto Muslim world
He's specifically indicated that Americans in Yemen and Egypt were likely targets. That's Americans in Egypt and
and
So now that we got that other thing in there takes takes an extra second
To skip on down to this
1194 on their chris you're not gonna make your 1300 no way Jose on the day after memorial day
You must be dreaming you must be drinking too much of that vodka
Let me say it again in case any of the Josh Cordist fan club mr. Earlier he's gonna be sitting in jorge's seat next week when judges on vacation
Now let me try to figure this out
Okay, if you're on vacation next week. Mm-hmm. Then does my vacation start the ass in the week after that
The ass in the week. Oh, yeah, right
Yeah, I'm no nothing I'm looking forward to or anything like that right
Because you know that's the knock I get all the time. Oh, he's just a mailing it in and he's just looking forward to his next day off and the end of the show. Oh, yeah, all these thing you know
I'd like to know who isn't looking forward to their next vacation. Can you tell me tell me anybody people that aren't getting one
No, but I'm talking about anybody who's got vacation time right who isn't looking forward to next all you look forward to
Well, what else you know, isn't that what life is all about when you are working stiff right
When you got to put in the kind of difficult hours I do and work your ass off
Oh, now where the hell is this this double murder on Paul is on tonight
But I hate it when they murder good looking people man. They murder ugly people. You know it's one thing
1198 on that pool. We need two more for 1200 and then who knows maybe you might the previous run
Boy, Chris could pull off 1300 today. Oh, then we will fear him. I'll say that
Then you'll make me a believer
Because you did that twice last week on days when it looked like impossible
Just an impossible task to achieve whatever. I think you got some ringers out there
I think they are all sitting at their computers and voting over and over again, you know
Maybe you think that's what it is you got to look at a staff
And you're probably paying them out of your own salary, too. Yeah
Like I said a small staff
1199 boy. I'm gonna tell you when that thing hits 1200 people are gonna be jumping all over town
Johnny Joe Bell is gonna be jumping. Can you make you'll feel it if he jumps
So he was actually I'll yesterday bringing his little kid around his daughter. Yes
Now when his five-year-old daughter when she replaced and joined six he just turned six. Oh, she just turned six
Well, I like I said she's qualified
Now I like women but it wouldn't be difficult
Stayed and totally opened and there's his adorable
Let me tell you what I'm wishin' really it's a queer
To walk the dishes on the members while it wasn't here
I have these fantasies of size and weight champs bond
Feel I want women so I'm wondering where my mind is gone
See I just go and go find real dream okay
Got a million girlfriends to tell me
I'm gonna give a thought of
Now when the world wouldn't want president he's the man of my dreams
I'm heterosexual but it's getting harder and harder to be
I'm heterosexual but it's getting harder and harder to be
I don't think we can forget anymore. So he's heterosexual but it's getting harder and harder. 116
at 560
Ha ha ha ha ha oh there we go again
Where have we heard that before I know where we heard it before
Oh
Oh this just it just tears my guts out you know
No further is at my kishkis it takes me back to the days of was it Steve Nicola or board Gary?
I guess was Steve Nicola
Yeah, crumpet one huh crumpet
We have crumpet he got a lot of trouble crumpet and trumpet and pump it and lump it
He was he's something on the where did somebody tell us he wound up?
I told you he was an organ and he's an organ good place for important
All the great north-west keep going to the Yukon baby
North to Alaska
With Johnny Horton wash your like that song those are the days you know, I don't know so much
I guess it's both
But songs that you like from the past from a long time ago it's because it's from a certain part of your life or because
You actually think the songs of the music you know like you said both both of these all of these
Sure north to Alaska of course. I have no idea what year there was and I don't know what the law was all happy about then
But I guess because it wasn't old like I am now or maybe you were giddy and gay. I was at least gay that part
I get here's a guy that wasn't gay at least I don't man. I don't know. He's not anymore
Lot of hanging going on man. I'm a lot of guys are getting a hung
A man committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree along on any five new Atlantic Boulevard this morning
Northbound rush hour on any five commuters were slowed by the side of the man hanging from a tree
To the right of the shoulder just north of the Atlantic Boulevard entrance ramp around seven o'clock this morning
How do you like that you're on your way to work and here's a guy hanging from a tree?
Authorities temporarily shut down the entrance ramp while they investigate it. FHP sergeant Mark Weissaki said well
He's in a lot of these stories Mark Weissaki
15 on what North to Alaska North to Alaska. Well, where was I and FHP? I was in high school
I was a junior in high school man. I was a freaking genius. I was a member of the National Honor Society
I love that. In a closet scared scared schmittless
They also closed off unfortunately the right lane traffic has since resumed its normal traffic pattern which means chaos
Mike Jackles another BSO spokesman said that a man was identified as Joseph Kaloza or is that Kalatza 40
Here's important miss I guess after somebody's dead it doesn't make any difference if you've missed pronounce their name right before
I'm missing from Palm Beach County on Friday
Clillman writes that the death appears to be a suicide
Now what do you make about that statement? So I know you think they're only basically two possibilities
Yeah, oh it could have been an accident
Yeah, I'm a scientist so I've got her
Seems to me in the tradition of America either it's a suicide or a good old lynching now one of those right
Oh, and I just got a fax on here and I thought for sure was you and that some stupid and it's another
Stupid ads. I got to stop doing that man
They got you everywhere no matter where you are pretty soon in the toilet when Ethan Skolik is in there making a big smelly deposit
I'm telling you you must you must hear that you you've got to hear it before you die
I'm not gonna why not
Chris I want you to tie him to a chair
and force him get get the
Audio from this morning between eight and eight twenty five and force this man to hear it because you you aren't believing me
You just you just can't
You don't understand I believe you but you don't understand the magnitude the significance of what what happened here on our air on this radio station
You don't get it. You know what I'm sure it was way better than anything else that that I would want to hear
Hahaha
Ethan Skolik and Laila Candles baby and we do that was you go to bed bath and beyond I I think way beyond sure
Maybe I'm not got my amy candle here obvious question is what was Kimba Bo camper doing at Ethan Skolnik's house
Or condo wherever he hangs it on
Big butch X jock like him a Bo camper
Who up until today I you know I thought was like a real man
214 votes on the pool you need 86 and 40 minutes you ain't gonna do it we're gonna do it you ain't gonna damn son you ain't gonna do it come on people
Come on people night and we go through that last week. Yeah by the stone ponies. Wasn't that it? No no
Stone ponies is Linda Ron style wasn't it? Yeah, but who did that song come on people get together
What was that song we went through this last week? Oh and you need to one of us not none of the three of us remember what that was
Come on people now. It's following your brother everybody come together learn to love one another right now
Yeah, I just don't know things at all. I don't think I'm alive. What is the song though?
George is looking up
We just don't want to prove this the title
Look it up. How do you look it up when you only know a couple lyrics now if you can go away
That's right you google it with lyrics you do yeah get out of here you google the lyrics sure
You've never done that no
There's lyrics for everything on there. Wow. You just want to type in lyrics young blood
Thank young bloods and what is it called?
What's the name of the song get together? I think it's what it's all together. Yeah, I'm gonna blood's get together
Well, I wonder I couldn't remember you know the hell remembers the freaking young bloods for Christ's I remember the song
I would say 1969. Yeah, well come that before
I'm a new part. Yes, it is
But you know I'm a new prena for it. Well because I think we figured this up you
Like if I don't remember the song remember the year
I'll tell you that pretty nicely
And both the Brian got it too
30 seconds later
Yeah, I got a listen on the pre-delay there Brian
Oh you can make the mountains
Oh
I'm just seeing the radio when I see a little fashion I know
Real fashion they're right my listeners on the radio. Okay, that's enough. It's a good song. It's okay
Yep
217 votes on the pool the worst former 100 team and by far in a way with this crowd rap music man
They hated they despise it. They want to pee on it
551 or I can't say that no unless Ethan Skolnik is the one doing the peeing because obviously if he does the other stuff
He does
Vodley functions man. There's a bodily function at the junction and we also need to hear a lot more about how Ethan zoomed with the ladies
We had a little some of that in there too. I guess
What what is anybody care about him? You know, he's a punk a puss. They're right. What is he right about baseball or something?
Chris. I believe he writes about pretty much everything because I've seen him at the
Dolphin's game or dolphins can I hold us here about 10
He looks like about 10, but he's probably about his mid 30s
He's in his mid 30s. I'll guess that yeah
He's in his mid 30s and he sounds like that like I've heard him on there. Oh my god. He sounds like Manasha Skolnik
See that's for chicken. I hear the only ones old enough and uh, yeah, we're part of that crowd and he's not even Jewish
Paul Krugman writes and do I have time for this before the uh break? I don't know trust and betrayal
That sounds that sounds like what's happening at QAM mistrust and betrayal
In this place where valor sleeps who are reminded by America's always gone to war
Reluctantly because we know the cost of war that's what President Bush had last year and a Memorial Day ceremony
Arlington National cemetery
Those who are fine words spoken by a man with less right to say them than any present in our nation's history
For mr. Bush took us to war not with reluctance, but with unsingually eagerness
Now the war is turned into an effect disaster in part because the wars are architects when we now know we're warned about the risks
Didn't want to hear about them yet kind of seems powerless to stop it. How did all go so wrong
Future historians will shake their heads over how easily a miracle was was misled into war the warning signs
Indications we had a rogue administration determined used 911 as an excuse for a war were there for those wanting to see them right from the beginning
Even before mr. Bush began explicitly pushing for war in Iraq
In fact the very first time Bush declared a war on terror that will not end until every terrorist group of rebel rich has been found stop and defeated
People should have realized he was going to use the terrorists to take to justify anything and everything
When he used his first post-detect statement
You need to announce an access of evil consisting of three countries that had nothing to do with either 9 11 or with each other
Alarm bill should have gone off
But the nation brought together in grief and anger over the attack wanted to trust them and occupying the White House
And so it took a long time before Americans are willing to admit to themselves just how thoroughly their trust have been betrayed
It's a terrible story, and it's also understandable
I wasn't really surprised by a Republican election vote victories in 2002 and four nations almost always rally around their leaders in times of war
No matter how bad leaders and no matter how poorly conceived the war
The question was whether the public would ever catch on well to the immense relief of those who spend years trying to get the truth out
They did last November Americans voted overwhelmingly to bring an end to mr. Bush's war yet the war goes on
To keep the war going the administration's brought the original boogie man back out of the closet at first
Mr. Bush said he'd bring or some of it law in the end dead or alive
Within seven months after 9 11 however he lost interest
I wouldn't necessarily say he's at the center of any command structure. He said march of 2002
I'm not truly that concerned about him
In all of 2003 mr. Bush went an unrelated war to sell made public mention of the man behind 9 11 only seven times
But Osama's back last week mr. Bush invoked his name 11 times in a single speech
warning that if we leave Iraq al-Qaeda which wasn't even there when we went in will be the winner
And Democrats fearing that they'll end up accused of being weak on terror and not supporting the troops gave Bush in other years war funding
Democratic party activists were furious because pull show a public utterly disillusioned with mr. Bush and anxious to see the war ended
But it's not clear that the leadership was wrong to be cautious the truth is that the nightmare of the Bush years won't really be over until politicians are convinced
That voters will punish not reward Bush style fear mongering and that hasn't happened yet
Here's the way it ought to be when Rudy Giuliani says that Iran which had nothing to do with 9 11 is part of a movement
That's already displayed more aggressive tendencies by coming here and killing us. He should be treated as a lunatic
We met Romney says that a coalition of shea and Suleon Hezbollah and Hamas and the Muslim brotherhood now
Kaira wants to bring down the West he should be ridiculed for his ignorance
And when John McCain says that Osama who isn't in Iraq will follow us home if we leave he should be laughed at
But they are at least not yet
And until belligerent uninformed posturing starts being treated with the contempt and deserves men who know nothing of the cost of war
We'll keep sending other people's children to graves at Arlington
That's Paul Kurgman's take
26 after one a QA
560 Q8M
My bad
We got all addition everything even the rejoining
I am sure he's guilty as a jane do you believe in
Tim McVeigh
Take courage
Lord it's turned up to the IRS
Janet Reno and the ATF
It's a guviti in the press
White Pete
Place that woman who caused so much strife
Will he get the chair war instead
Will he get life to the plate
I
Renoyed about the USA
Her room or that he might be gay
According to my
48
I
The government just as much as most of you
But I'm not ignorant for what have
Oh
Why
You
Most of them are doing 8 to 10
They can't have their weapons in the pan
And look to the faith
To join them
I'm dying on the earth
133
27 mil two was kind of ominous music here
It isn't the way that
Oh just very ominous sound
Mm-hmm
You want me to buy that?
No since you were on yesterday
Of course you were playing all that music
But if you noticed as you go through the DCS
Because I'm fighting at Muay D'Fisio now
As I was through here
Yeah
To find anything we can play anymore
It is a challenge
Yeah and then that's pretty sad
Commentary because we've got what about
8 5 million bits in here in the sounds
And yeah and stuff
Yeah
I mean of course we got them all over the place
But sounds like that
Oh it can't do that
Some of us already
Went to great lengths to make sure that nothing
Unsavery ever got in there in the first place
And uh
Right
That's right when you stop and think about that
8 to 4 sounds
Any more
Close to some skanky nasty hole
Oh yeah
And then of course you know this business about
I'm as well what does I must have to do with anything
Other than CBS caved in and a two-responsive pressure
That's all
But I don't have to do with uh
With Jesse Jackson or
Al Sharpton or any of that crap
They were still you know they suspended
For a while over that crap
And then all of a sudden when the sponsors started to cancel
Oh bye Don
Bye I man
Now that was it
Even Bald hit at Tom Jicker wrote that here a few days ago
Right he's the thing the other day
And we made me want to cry
Maybe you want to just cry
Because he's right
The business is finished baby
And then so that what you did yesterday
Maybe that's what I should start doing
What do you think?
We ought to do a pull on that
Neal played music
Not not all of the show just like you know 95% of it
We still have a higher number than the rest of the station
You think?
I know
Give me a higher than a 1 or a 2
Yeah a 1 not a 2
It's a lot to walk away
You'll want to do a 3 here we go
1238 votes on the pool
You're thinking 13
I'm thinking you're crazy
I told you that Chris
You won't listen to me man
1239
1239 you need 61 votes in 25 minutes
That is
You would need them coming in now in chunks
Come on people help me out
It's not gonna happen
It'll high set 1250
And it's gonna be a little over that I think
But I was pretty damn close to it
I've been doing this a long time man
A long time
I've been checking out polls for a long time
That's what I hear
Yeah
And I'm proud to tell you
Every now and then I find a good one
1240
That's the WGV engine
I'll play a meal
Not
No but you're right
Yeah I'm glad that you agree with me on that
Because I thought I'm beginning to think it was just me
No
Because you know when every break comes
You start
Scott's right there to try to find something
You know not necessarily recent
And even sometimes you'll play something that you're
Convinced is very innocuous
Right
It's a pride
I was in there taking a leak in the thing
And I'm like oh geez
I'm hearing
And I come running back in here
You know remember that one
Sure
I could play for you now
Do it
I don't think so
I think I'll get up and leave too
Ain't no marlins anymore
And that's the other thing
The marlin games are
That's a dead duck
Because we know we're not having them next year
The panthers are over
And guilty as a result
Is a dead duck
And that's why we're sticking his ass on
Their own Friday between 2 and 4
Because madness is off the rest of the week after the day
You think I got a tough schedule
What it was he worked 14 days a year
Something like that
I believe that's his contract
Yeah his contract
Seffulence he works 8 days a year
And the rest of it is like
You know if he shows up
Good luck to us
1245
1245
Now you're standing at a little goose there man
You can't pass up a good goose
Still 1245
So you need 55 votes in 24 minutes
That's more than 2 minute though
Well which ordinarily if we had you know
Back in the day when we had that
Gigantic audience once upon a time like before
Joe Bell came on
I'm not saying that he's
Don't give me wrong
I am not saying that he is the problem
Because Greg Reed is the one who broke the big egg
Be long before there was any jolly jobell
And he was back over there at the kiss kissing it
But nonetheless he came along here
And he's like like he told me
Like he tells me at the end of every one of our
adversarial phone calls
I don't know what to tell you Neil
That's always that's always the last comment
I don't know what to tell you
And I always come back by saying
Well who does you know who doesn't
And but it'd be better boop
But about that about that about that
And then there's nothing that's
That's the end of it
There is no conclusion
There is just a contusion on my brain
1247
53 needed in 23 minutes just ain't good
Antonio
See you're you're leading me down a path
toward the depression here
Because we're gonna fall short
And then I'm gonna be depressed
Even the y-side 1250
Which you know we're gonna make that
And then some with some gravy on top
Why would I try to lead you to uh
I don't know because you won't listen to me
I mean who the hell
What do I know
Let's make it
It's not like I'm trying to like you know
Make you so sad that you know
You you croak and then I get to split half of
Jorg is uh half of the thing is still not
Half of George's uh inheritance
I got this for what George
What George would give to you
You could stick in a thimble and have room for the
German army left over what I'm gonna get
Is already spent anyway so
Well what does that mean
Well everybody's gonna soak up a little bit of the debt
Sounds like everybody's getting ready to
Have a funeral march here for Christ's
I'll do you that I'll die for you
I'll die
I'll die
I'm dying on the ass
Everybody happy now
See I could really I could trick you all man
And I could I could check out the reactions
I could fake my death
Being 1200 miles away and you would never even know
No no no no wouldn't
Don't die
What are you talking about didn't Christen
He just say he's already spent the money
That I told him I'm leaving him
It's reverse psychology
I didn't actually spend it but it spent
I'm spent
Let me just click this baby one more time
Before we go to break
1253 all right you're people aren't trying for you man
Well I click it and there's like an increase of six and ten and
A hundred and fifty whatever
1253 you need 47 votes in 22 minutes
And it ain't gonna happen but I'd love to see it
From my ass to your elbow but I don't think it's gonna happen
Do you?
I have faith
Okay
Oh
And I think it over with that use of the day
You he's got a lot of time to talk about me around
Why can't I don't give a crap with that very best of saying
If he wants the most things to guys then what
I have to do
I have you know I know what I'm talking about
You
I'm reporting at the condo I take the elevator down
And on my way to the car when I throw my folding basket out
I give a three condo paper
The door is a back and towel
The door is a back and towel
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
HeIs
Really?
HeIs
I said the door is a back and towel
Why do you come up here?
Ha
I know everything that's going on in that news.
Why I even know all the new Majot rules.
I'm hip to the jive, daddy.
You better go and talk to daddy.
It's the better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with you.
But when they drop my boys, we'll change.
You little smoothie.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
145 at QIM.
And in my mind.
I figured that would revitalize everybody.
Just a little tiny bit, you know, a little pickup.
Showed off.
We were really doing some phenomenal things in that pool there, Josh.
I mean, Chris, whatever your name is.
But I thought that you know, you had to do it.
But not going to happen.
Just stuck at 12.73.
I think Eric is playing with you.
I think once we got to the point,
we were coming in in nice big chunks.
I kept checking Eric at 12.73.
I thought, mathematically, this man's got a chance.
He's got a shot.
But nevertheless, not going to happen.
You got 15 minutes to get 27 votes.
Well, that's actually less than two a minute.
But it's just stalled out there.
If Fat Eric would take his foot off the breaking, let the sun shine in, baby.
Damn you, Eric.
Yeah.
You smith the steer bar up there in Orlando.
What else wrong with you?
And how's that?
You know that's not possible, is it?
What?
There's all those chunks of votes coming through like several people are...
I mean, we're not talking dozens.
We're not talking hundreds.
We're talking ones, you know.
27 times one is what we're talking.
There's one.
But there's another one.
Oh, God, this is exciting.
12.74, 12.75.
Wow.
Chris needs 25 votes in 14 minutes.
12.77, there's a couple.
There's a pair.
A lovely pair, if I say so myself.
Shaved.
12.78.
There's another one.
See now they're finally coming through for you.
You'll make it.
Or not.
And if not, we'll see one of these days.
146.14.02.
The pet food company that we call 60 million cans of content.
The only dog in cat food repeatedly made harassing phone calls to pet owners who had lawyers
and said they didn't want to talk even after a judge ordered the firm to leave them alone, court record show.
How do you like that?
First they tried to poison your pets and then they called and hassled you on the phone if you had a lawyer.
Lawyers from six firms represent clients who claim their pets were harmed by menus pet food
asked the federal judge in New Jersey to stop menu from bullying people who would call the company
since the recall was announced March 16.
US District Judge Noah Hillman in Camden, New Jersey, which is a horrible place, agreed with a plaintiff
describing the causes aggressive, according to a transcript of the hearing obtained by USA today.
A. It's one thing for two people to sit down at the table, especially if it's a square table.
And voluntarily agreed to settle their case.
It's another thing to harass people on weekends through automated phone calls.
Hillman said to Edward Ruff of pretzel and stofr, a menu's lawyer.
Pretzel and stofr is the name of a law firm?
Why not?
Hillman ordered menu foods that had no contact with anyone who believes the animal was injured by its product
unless the lawyer representing them is involved.
Ontario Canada based menu foods is hired Crawford and company and insurance adjuster in Atlanta to contact pet owners
who called the company to report animal illnesses or deaths.
At a previous hearing Friday May 18th, the judge had cautioned menu and Crawford that they should not contact people
who would join one of the lawsuits against the company.
Legally, menu cannot contact those plans directly must go through their lawyers.
But an affidavit presented in court last week, pet owners said they received calls that weekend
from Crawford representatives who pressed them to answer questions even after being told the owners had hired lawyers.
In some cases, the pet owners also received multiple calls from Crawford's computerized phone banks after telling representatives they were represented by attorneys.
How do you like that?
You got a lawyer we're going to call and bug the crap out of you if your animals did or not.
What is that?
Oops.
What was that supposed to do?
Should fly pie.
An apple pan, doubty.
An apple pan, doubty.
An apple pan, doubty.
Yeah.
BSO pigs rate our shirt and street east of flamingos say, oh that's a pizza board off.
Hey, Pete, you know, you're a good guy if I get a life on right away, do you please?
He's got to be pushing one 80 years old by now.
Hey, he's a fine contributor.
No, he is. He's a good, I just got through saying he's a good guy but Jesus got almighty.
Like that's a bulletin, 1298.
How the hell did that happen?
You know, I think Chris has got the fixin on this.
Yeah, he's got the fixin's.
He's got the fixin's.
I'll bet.
That was he.
Thank you everybody.
1302.
Look at that.
He's got pull.
This is this is some kind of a game they're playing with me.
They're not doing it so much for you.
They're doing it against me as if I care.
Yeah, I guess.
I want to see a little number.
No, but you know that's what they're doing.
I know.
If I say they can't do it, then then Chris says they can't.
They're going to do it just to piss me off.
Oh, jeez, I'm so upset.
If you wanted to see a low number, you just look at the last ratings book.
There you go again.
Now tomorrow ordinarily would be Woodbine Wednesday for me.
Right.
It will not.
All right, unless you insist.
I'm not going to insist.
No, no, but you were the one.
Everybody else has been saying that well, no, not everybody.
One of my correspondents here said, oh, play the nickels.
They want to seem to understand playing nickels and pennies when you make a few bucks.
It's not fun because it's not significant.
You're not going to win anything that's going to, you know, mean anything.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Am I right?
You're right.
Everything is relative.
That's right.
So, you know, go win some money and give it to your relatives.
But I just, I don't know.
I'm not going.
Good.
And I already had my mind made up until you started like, oh, yeah, you're going to do it.
You're going to go again.
Well, see, you're supposed to define me.
See, that's the strategy there.
Yeah, right.
I suppose I say, I'll show you a little spick.
I'm not going to know.
I don't really care whether you like it, whether I, I mean, who are you, you know?
You know, I don't want you to spend the money.
I mean, mommy is dead.
Now, can you only, can you only, yeah, that's right.
That's right.
That's the correct answer, okay?
I get that all the time.
Oh, bet.
I'm going to have a very close personal share.
You do.
That's right.
Yeah.
I would have been seeing their last Wednesday at a machine and my Blackberry, I'm going to
do this.
And it's, uh, you know, personal friend who's in Tennessee at the moment.
Yeah.
With his lady friend and her family.
And, uh, oh, I'm not too happy about your gambling, gambling away all my money.
That's right.
And now you're trying to, that's the correct answer.
I'm not happy about you gambling away all the money you're going to leave me when you
croak.
And by the way, please do it fairly soon.
Oh, something like that.
Oh, well, you know, well, when you get into the line, what are you going to do?
You just do the best you can.
That's right.
That's right.
When you're working for a horse ball, I feel like this one.
I mean, you know, I don't know why I keep, because I'm stupid, I guess.
I keep asking the same question like I did last year.
It about the same time.
When is this man going to get off of his fat ass and do something?
Please crack your please do something.
Give us a little something, something to hang on to.
Besides just that pulpy paycheck, I get to be two weeks.
13, 12 and you're off to the races now.
They must love you.
I don't know what that is.
Thank you, everybody.
I'm serious.
They just obsessed with Chris.
I don't know what that deal is.
Everything I had a screen calls.
Oh, yeah.
Is that what they're doing?
Yeah, sympathy vote.
Exactly.
You might have to do that again someday if I ever decided to take calls again.
Okay.
Don't hold your breath.
13, 12 votes to the worst form of entertainment, rap music, 583.
Professional rastling, 208.
Sports Talk Radio 141, a very embarrassing third.
Opera 112, reality TV 109, made for TV movies 70, modern art 45 and Broadway musicals 44.
Out of a staggering 13, 14 votes.
What did I tell you?
What did I say right to beginning 13, 19?
Yeah, huh.
You just wait till tomorrow.
Wait a minute.
I'll call you on.
You're just stunt rejoin.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Stunt rejoin.
Even I got panicking.
She's got the lowest ratings on the evening news.
Even I get clear I'd love me hot, she's loose.
See me at the second as they're feeling sick.
Nobody is watching Katie Kerr-Rick.
There are rumors that she's a cooler in the back.
But she can't be happy because she's way in the back.
Bet she wants the faster headed with a break.
Nobody is watching Katie Kerr-Rick.
Katie Kerr-Rick.
Can't be, can't say I will young.
I'll live down the path though and the path.
Bet she wishes she never lives with today's show.
Cause I think she's getting a little low.
But it's much better that's better numbers on the neck.
Nobody is watching Katie Kerr-Rick.
Katie.
One news lady.
Katie.
New church lady.
One news lady.
Nobody is watching Katie Kerr-Rick.
Oh, you won't get a boy, people watching.
People rather hear things I'll say.
Boy.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She can follow the group I already have.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
She's meaning that the other players need me.
Nobody is watching Katie Kerr-Rick.
Bye, bye, bye!
