reduced the average sentence for a crack cocaine offense by 15 months.
Well, yeah, so when it's outlight up, the change put in place by the US
sentence the commission could be applied retroactively which would mean an
early release for more than 260 prisoners in northern Indiana and fit almost
20,000 nationwide. This is a clear recognition by Congress that the
penalties imposed for crack or unfairs at Curie Collins. Oh gee, I thought he was a
football player. A community defender with the federal court house in
Indiana. The reason for the sentence reduction is to address a disparity
created in the 80s when Congress established mandatory minimum census for
drug crimes. The law set up a system where crack cocaine, which is made from
powder cocaine, carried much different sentences than its powder derivative.
Take a powder. Take a BC powder. Maybe if you're a real redneck, you got a
headache. Take a BC powder. I got a headache from this
fax you sent me. Not really. Which one's the...
And I realize it's only Friday. You know, we got the whole weekend and then I'm
Monday to be just thousands of faxes pouring in happy birthday old man, you old
faggot like that, you know. But today, today what I get and we head one from this
fake fax or the other day Janice Sherman. Wasn't it yesterday? I think.
Neil, when are you going on vacation again so I can listen to George and Lucy?
They're not as old and boring as you. Well, guess what? How do you like that?
Go listen to Fuddy, okay? He's not as old but much more boring. Listen to Fuddy and wait till
you hear his poll. Who's got ED? Who's got VD on the Fuddy Show? Is it the Lord of the Board?
And Johnny Bowlin? Hey, who's got the VD over there? ED, whatever it is. Fuddy, you're
pathetic. Gary T. in Weston says you may want to try taking cinnamon capsules at your
local health food store. Real cheap. Also, I've been drinking a kind of buried juice,
available in most supermarkets or health food stores. It's not for everybody. It's being
so I've got some. I'm not drinking it. I've got one of those pyramid things here and they
keep sending me these curtains of this crap every month and I just I don't know how to stop it.
Well, you were eating cinnamon for a while. Yeah, I remember that. You know something I quit
eating crap and now all of a sudden my blood sugar is not perfect but it's a lot better today.
Shocking 156 this morning which is still 50 points too high but nevertheless it's better than
200 points too high or 150 points too high. Three days of no crap. You're on your way, man.
I'm on my way to, yeah, I don't and after two or three days when you do the Echins diet you lose
your sugar cravings. That's the good part. Just don't start again. So thanks Gary T. in Weston.
See, there's a guy that cares. Also, here's another fact that says if you Google caveman diet,
I think you'll find it quite interesting. Yeah, I got a book about that. If you can't shoot it,
catch it or pick it. Don't eat it. Okay, you can pick your nose but don't eat it.
No dairy, no potatoes, no grains, no nuts, no processed foods, lots of lean meat, fish, veggies,
and fruit. There are the better. No fruit. No fruit. Fruit is sugar. I don't know why people
don't understand. Well, I guess anybody who is not diabetic doesn't get that. Yeah.
Fruit is enough for diabetes. All of some of it like watermelons. Okay, I do like watermelons.
Okay, here's the fool from yesterday. What's the moe? Oh, it's the hour-ready redness.
What? Well, we switched it in the middle of the show and I read the final. I don't want to read that
again. I read the spank myself in a head. Read that crap again. That was a bad pull. Come on,
Charlie B. You can do better than that. Here's Brandon's pull. And by the way, Brandon informs me
that Don, no, what does Don, no, is retiring after 20 years under your insumphorid and Brandon says,
you'll be next. Thanks, Brandon. You punk. I perceive that as a shot, wouldn't you?
Yes. A little bit. Yeah, I took that as a shot. Yeah, you're saying that because you
and me hate each other like poison for whatever reason. Yeah, I'm taking your side because I
thought that that was a real shot. Good. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to show up here every day.
Right. And I have nice little blood sugar today. I don't feel like I'm slurring my words.
I can almost speak today for the first time in a little like two, three months. Now I'll be
dangerous. See if I could ever get my blood sugar under control, then I would be dangerous.
Otherwise, I'm just like that, dodging a little bit of blood like that, you know, slurring and
smailing it in. What are we going to say? Oh, I know what you can say. Dooshbag. That's right.
Come back. Don't you forget it. I'm actually talking about your head. When you're on this show,
if you're going to do by the Joyce rules, then I'm not going to be real happy with you.
Because Joyce, she's not the FCC. Now the farce stuff, we can't control that because Steve
a learner or whatever the guy's name was, the FCC attorney for Beasley, he agreed with her because
he's on their payroll and he'll write whatever crap they want them to write. But as far as the
words like Dooshbag, I mean, it's just arbitrary. I've been saying that for a hundred years.
Well, what's the problem with that? Oh, that's that. Oh, no. Why is that obscene? I was saying it in
third grade. It's not earlier. Why is it obscene? What's wrong with it? Nothing. Can anybody define
for me? What's wrong with it? Does it have to do with excretory activity? Is it a sexually,
of course not. Well, actually, no. 851 votes on today's poll. Let's get out of the
religious thing. If the law said you had to have a religion, which one would you choose?
I'm not allowing any copouts on this poll. No, atheist, agnostic, non-veh, above. I don't want to.
Rostafarian 172, winning hands down because they want to smoke the rope, baby.
Rostafarian, that's got to be the only reason, isn't it? Yaba. Yeah. Yeah, that's right.
Did you make it? Did you make it? Did you make it? Did you make it? Did you make it?
Maybe I'll play that later. Not now. Rostafarian 172, Jewish 136. We want that deli, baby. We want
those mots of balls. We want those cheese blinks and kisky. No piece of dicky candy, though,
man. It's a bluncher going up there. And so will the mots of balls, by the way. They got an awesome
New York deli down here, like right by the station. Where is that? It's right on like Miami Gardens.
It's called Roasters and Toasters. When you walk in there and it's just so Jewish. I mean,
I know that's what it is. It's so Jewish. But it's ridiculous. I mean, what would you want it to be?
You want the Pope to be in there? No, I just think it's funny. Like if you want a stereotype
of deli, like this is your place. What's the name of it? Roasters and Toasters. Roasters and Toasters.
And it's good, huh? Oh, yes, great. Well, that's good. I hope it's better than cheesecake factory
that you were promoting yesterday. I said it's good. I mean, I'm sorry you had a bad experience. Not good.
It's not good. Four people eating four meals were grotesque and the desserts were a
puking-ducing, industrial strength, just a just a big hard brick of chocolate. And it's kind of hard
to make chocolate not taste good. You know, so you might want to finish it. Not even close. Just like,
ah, fat, fat, even the Arabs when they go in there say fat. Anyway, Jewish 136 for the food and the
Yiddish can't think of anything else. Catholic 136, time with the Jews. Uh-oh. Buddhist 130,
Ricken 88, Episcopated 35, Methodist 33, Baptist 26. All right. See, I think a lot of people just
put on here whatever they are. You know what I mean? Don't you think so? Sure, probably. Well,
that's not good. That goes to show the extent to which their brain washed. Santa Rhea 23,
nail that chicken baby, nail it right to the door, put a mazaza on one side of the dead chicken on
the other side. You got it licked. Mormon 17, Scientologist 13, Shinto 12.
Now, see, I don't know. I don't know anything about that. Yeah, I was just gonna ask you what exactly that is.
Japanese, but maybe we'll have to Google it. That's what I'm doing about it. Hindu 12. Jehovah's Witness 7,
you go knock down your neighbor's door. The end is coming. The end is coming. Well, here we are. All
these years later in the instilling come yet. Although if we're not, we got another year of bush,
we sure got a shot at it though. Muslim 7. Oh, I forgot the fat ass Jolly Joe. He doesn't share my
views on the president because fat ass Jolly Joe is an idiot. Muslim 7 Christian scientists only
five, Pentecostal 4 and 70, Adventist 3. Now, I get confused. Aren't the 70 Adventists the one
that make all that vegetarian stuff that you buy in the freezer compartment in your grocery?
I have no idea. Those meatless sausages and is that 70 Adventist? Josh? I don't know.
So we need Georgia this week for answering like because he's an expert on religious crap.
And Lucy Lopez to a court, she probably knows it. By the way,
Chris says that Lucy Lopez is crap on the air. Is that what you said? Not good?
Yes, I'm like that. Not for me. Not for you. Josh, of course, likes it because anybody with a
skirt, that's what you share with George. No, I genuinely think she's good on the air.
Oh, she's not good off the air? No, she's great off the air as well.
Really? Yeah. Well, let's hear a little bit more about that later.
Okay, 10, 19, at 5, 60 WQ, and let's take a look at that Friday, November 2nd schedule, baby.
It is really something. We got the Mad Dog at 2, the power hour with Hank at the Mad Dog between
4 and 5. That thing really took off there for a little while and then it kind of crashed and burned.
5 to 7, it's the Humper all by himself. And then we really get into a lot of trouble. Man, Friday
nights are a fright. It's Friday night, Friday night at QAM. 7 to 9, it's that Dolphin's
Informercial Miami Dolphin's All Access with Barry Buttele and John Offerdall. Fantasy
Playbook. Oh my God. 10 o'clock, it's ESPN Radio Prime Time with more Keeshawn and Bill Parcells
and by the way, clearance. You're on moron. Everybody knows that. But he's got on here. He writes
with more Keeshawn and Tuna Bill Parcells. Well, like I said last week, his nickname is the
Big Tuna, not Tuna in addition to which why would anybody put that in there unless they're like an
overgrown child? Sounds like a douchebag to me, Josh. Yes, I agree. Midnight at Kaplan Friday night
handy crappers followed by the Troy Ackman show one to two in the morning. You fair. And then
that's it. Then we kind of sign off. Wow. I think we're going to make a thousand votes safely on
the poll today. Oh, right. People out there are very concerned about that. 883 we got now. I think
we can make a thousand. Don't be coming up with some crazy numbers. Friday. A year before voters
go to the polls to select the next president. The Republican Party is as weak as it has been in
the generation of detailed new poll suggests. That's good news. In a hypothetical matchup between
Hillary Clinton and Rudy Giuliani, block after block of traditionally Republican voters break for a
swirly. She wins the South. She pulls evenly with voters who attend church at least once a week.
She splits families with the Getschkeys. She splits families with a household income over above
a hundred grand. She loses role voters and men, but only by a very narrow margin. All our constituencies
that Republicans have dominated for decades, George W. Bush won each by double margins.
The findings from the Pew Research Center for the People in the Press remain preliminary,
considering if the primers are two months off, but few question down usually large number of voters
to try to paint the most accurate picture possible of where the presidential contest
stands today. Should the race continue down to its current trajectory, the poll finds Clinton
defeating Giuliani by eight percentage points. Other recent polls however replaced Giuliani
head of Clinton and had to have race. But those polls predict Clinton would
beat Fred Thompson, John McHenry, and Barack Obama would defeat Giuliani,
although narrowly at least according to four polls taken in October.
In fact, Democrats hold a marked advantage over Republicans in the eyes of voters. In July 2004,
the Democratic Party had a slight lead as the party better able to manage the federal government
and as the party that's more honest and ethical. Today, Democrats lead both categories by
double-gigit margins. It's like, you know, pick your poison. Which one is the most offensive,
the most malignant. That's what we're dealing with. Not which one is good.
Today, Democrats lead both categories by double-gigit margins, by even larger margins.
Democrats are seen as the party more concerned about people like me by 29 points and the party
must able to bring about need to change by 22 points. Other polling is also shown that for the
first time in decades, Americans now see the two parties as equally qualified to face down
national security threats. You're racing the security advantage Republicans have long relied on.
The fear factor. Republican side is dismissed the findings as largely irrelevant because they come
so far before election day. Pew Post has agreed that as well as Democrats are positioned in a much
good change in the next year. It's very early in the race. We would all be shocked if the
soft wind for Clinton said Michael Dima impuses the social director of research. One factor to
pull reflects is the lack of focus among Republicans right now. If it turns out to be a
subway race between Giuliani and Clinton, Pew further found that two-thirds of Republicans say
their vote for the Republican would be more accurate to describe his vote against Clinton
and not a vote for Giuliani. He looks like Herman Munster on a bad day.
But that's the way it is. I mean, who cares how he looks right? He's a jackass.
834, 894. Holy moly. We're going to make over 900 this hour. 895 for a live. Yes,
a little clue with big news. I'll find it. Where the hell is it? Oh, there it is.
That's the clue. Did he start today? No, he starts December 3rd, but I'm ready to ask.
I thought he died like 10 years ago. He did. He did. He's still on the air though.
Seriously, like, I mean, it's hard for me to believe, but you said that this man did good radio at
one time. Long time ago, yeah. Wow. Long that we'll understand. It's official Don Amos is coming
back to the airways confirming a story first written by the New York Post in August.
Citadel broadcast in Corp. 77 WADC radio. That's where he's coming back, baby.
Announce yesterday the Return of Radio's Long Cowboy Don Amos is the station's new morning
host beginning Monday, December the 3rd. A source involved with the deal said that I'm assigned
to five year deal with Citadel that pays in between five million in eight million bucks a year.
You know something when you're a dead man in a chair snapping gum with a stupid cowboy head on
and you're making five women in a year. You're not doing bad. Yeah.
My long run. I'm Mrs. Brini's team back. Oh, I bet you if what's his name,
Citadel kid is listening. Well, I'm sure he's all well aware of this. He's on. He's probably
halfway to New York by now. I'm Mrs. Brini's team back to the radio on 77 WADC including
Newsman Charles McCord and his unseeding the incumbent highly rated Curtis and Coovey show.
That's that obnoxious Curtis Sleewa, the guardian angel Jackass that right wing lunatic.
The show air 610 AM on 77 WADC will be syndicated nationally by the ABC radio network.
We are ecstatic to bring down Highness back to morning radio. It's at 77 WADC President
General Manager Steve Vorneman. I wonder if some of my oldies' dingles are from WADC.
Thank wait just play one. That wasn't a new one.
Wow, it's the jackpot.
Oh, it doesn't turn to gold. This turns real old. In all like I'm a season 100 years old.
He's even older than me. Don's unique brand of humor knowledge of the issues and ability to
attract big name. Guest is unparalleled. He has rested, fired up and ready to do great radio
on the nation's most listened to. News talk radio station 77 WADC said, Vorneman.
He's ready to do great radio, huh? Well, I wouldn't get carried away.
I'mus is also in talks on separate television deal akin to the one he had with MSMBC, although
the source was unsure if those negotiations would be wrapped up in temperate on the deal simultaneous
with the Citadel One. Among the television stations being now talking with I'mus about a deals
RFD TV, a farming focus satellite TV network. Oh, that was previously granted exclusive access to
I'mus's ranch for a documentary that aired over Labor Day weekend. While I'mus will begin his
return on that station alone just six months short after being universally ostracized for calling
the Rutgers University Women's Basketball team, Nappy-Headed Hose, the source out is more likely
than not that the radio rack on tour will eventually be syndicated across all ABC radio's 22 stations.
In a previous interview with the Post back in August City of Elk Communications,
CEO Fareed Suleiman said he thought I'mus's availability represented an opportunity and he would
consider hiring him only to make the numbers work. Such modesty belies the can't lose proposition
that bringing back I'mus's for Suleiman. If the truck-jock claims out on his return,
Suleiman can point to I'mus's comments about the Rutgers University Women's Basketball team
as having turned his team forever.
Gotta be put a boot, put a bob.
Senator Suleiman Clinton even referred to I'mus's Satan and called his remarks small-minded
bigotry. Satan, he's the devil. In August Suleiman cited it, he'll be turned the
anxious bob grant back to WABC New York after 11 years in exile for comments he made about
Commerce Secretary Ron Brown following the fatal crash of Brown's plane. According to
the source, Suleiman's got no plans to reach out to the African American community or the Rutgers
University Women's Basketball team prior to our after-hymuses as if they've got like some,
right or first refusal as the censorship writes.
Newby and Bweed, the makers of many fine hair straight-new products presents the I'mus and Abby Show.
Open up the door, Jop Show is a fine idea, honest.
Oh well, I'll do something out of the good's wired only at $10 million worth.
Mm-hmm. You show make a fan, don't you?
You have to get some.
Rand open a beach tomorrow?
Oh, yeah, but, God, I did your ill.
Now how that?
Oh, I remember kind of the dough dropped a nail in the batter.
That don't matter?
Oh, all health inspectors coming tomorrow.
Ooh, you're not gonna eat all these doughnuts until I find an nail.
You want to help?
Show, let's start eating.
Ooh, loaded, we be known that love.
Yeah, no, no.
I wouldn't laugh though, I still don't know now.
Oh, people start coming into you, they'd get old.
Oh yeah, they got all the health inspectors here.
Morgan, I'm from the head's department.
On a tram, when your famous doughnuts are…
Yeah, but, uh, you don't want to eat that one.
No, no, why not?
Oh, let me get it out of here.
I'll eat them for the best.
Oh!
Andy, Andy.
But, roll, what's wrong?
I think you're about to get a cowl in the lawyer.
1034, 26 before 11 and 560, WQ, and happy Friday to you.
Happy birthday to me on Monday.
Wow, I'm pretty excited about it, right?
No.
Excited to be a senior citizen.
I'll be a senior citizen officially.
Well, at least I made it anyway.
Not only did I make it on the year here, 31 and a half years,
and spider being old and boring and whatever that fact said,
but also made it to 65.
Or at least close to it.
I still got to get through the week.
Yeah, you're right there yet.
Don't count your chickens when until they hatch.
That's one thing when you get to be disabled.
When you wake up every morning, it's like for real,
Mahaya.
Oh, I'm alive, you know, like that.
I don't know who is alive over there across the street,
but evidently not stew gods.
And his buddy, Adam LaBanstert,
foreshowed that allegedly he's got those jargantic and plated bogus numbers.
I just printed this out from his offers, you know,
because yesterday we sold out in less than an hour.
Well, do we ever figure out how long it was?
Yeah, you pull it up again.
It's like 54 minutes or something like that.
54 minutes.
We sold out our certificates and rightfully so from a macabre steakhouse,
which is food was sensational by all reports.
And I'm looking at the stew gods' 50-50-50 club across the street.
They had Daisy Duke saloon yesterday in Pembroke Pines.
I'm trying to help them out a little bit,
because obviously they haven't gotten enough of an audience to get the job done.
They still got 37 left from yesterday.
From the week before Galupis, they had 51 left.
51 left from a week ago.
A week ago yesterday.
That's how they roll.
What? That's how they do it.
What do you mean?
Meaning like nobody's listening.
Joseph's on the water from two weeks ago yesterday.
36 left and six tables from three weeks ago yesterday.
But 30 left.
Boy, you guys aren't peddling crafts.
So anybody that would buy advertising on that station with their bogus numbers,
you people don't have to be dreaming and have to be insane.
Unless they're doing like a dollar or a holler.
57 minutes yesterday.
See, 50, less than an hour yesterday we sold them out.
I was a little bit nervous about it, but nevertheless, like you always are.
Come on, yeah, because I want to push it, man.
I'm pushing it.
I'm pushing death.
Let's see how we're doing on our pool.
When 916 will be, and that's good.
It means we'll make 1,000 in the next hour or so.
Paul Tivitz is dead.
Isn't that a shame?
Who?
Paul Tivitz, who piloted the B-29 bomber, the Inola...
Inola G.
The Trump, the atomic bomb on Hiroshima died yesterday.
He was 92.
And insisted for six decades after the war that he had no regrets about the mission
and suggest fine at night.
Did either one of you, by the way, Google Shinto?
No.
Yes, I did.
And what did they say?
Hinto is a native religion of Japan and wants to state religion.
Involves the worship of Kami.
Kami.
Yeah.
Kami are local and can be regarded as the spiritual being
slash spirit or genius of a particular place.
Don't say that in a little hivand of the V worship Kami.
Well, it's K-A-M-I in this.
Yeah, I know what it is.
And so it's just another fairy tale.
Yeah, a bunch of crap.
Tivitz started his home in Columbus.
He suffered from a variety of health problems.
He's been in decline for two months.
He was 92 for Christ's.
That's plenty old enough.
Tivitz had requested no funeral and no headstone.
Ferrywood provided the tractors of the place to protest.
Jerry knew how it was a long time friend.
Tivitz's historic mission in the play name for his mother.
In Ola Gae.
And then interesting how over the decades over the years,
certain words have changed in meaning like Gae, like that.
Oh, we don't want that.
That means happy.
It used to mean happy.
And we know that all the Gays want to commit suicide.
Right.
I had a Gae get really offended one time and I said that.
Said what?
Because I use that and like, you know,
in my vocabulary, Gae is like that's lame or that's stupid.
I'll be like, don't be Gae.
You know what I mean?
That's just how I talk.
And I happen to say that.
What would mean that's just how you talk?
That's just how I talk.
That's what he rolls.
Like, don't be Gae or that's that's so Gae.
Let's say you're going to get your show canceled just like
what's his name?
Dog the bounty hunter.
Uh oh.
For using that inward.
But go ahead.
And I wound up saying that in like the mall.
And there was a gay guy standing and he turned and looked at me like I
had said the N word to a black guy and it was just I thought it would be funny.
He said anything.
We just give you like that.
No, he just gave me like this dirty look.
Let me remind you of one great line from the movie The Boys in the Band.
Okay.
Okay.
Be with the hostile bag.
Okay.
Anyway, I just love that line.
It's funny.
In fact, the whole movie is depressing and funny at the same time,
which is really something.
If it's historic mission in the plane name for his mothermark,
the beginning of the end of WW2 and eliminated the need for what military
plan is for him would have been an extraordinarily
bloody invasion of Japan.
It was the first use of a nuclear weapon in wartime.
It was the only use.
Well, that was the first one.
And of course, the Nagasaki.
We socked it to him.
Three days later, the US dropped a second nuclear bomb on Nagasaki,
killing estimated 40,000 people.
If it's didn't fly an admission, his plane and its crew of 14
dropped the five-ton little boy bomb on the morning of August 645,
killed 70 to 100,000 people injured countless others.
And then of course, a lot of people's eyes started melting stuff like that.
The Japanese surrendered a few days after Nagasaki,
ending the war.
They said enough already.
Gunnog.
Morris Jepsen, the officer, armed the bomb during the
Hiroshima flight said Tibbets was energetic while respected and hard-nosed.
Ending the war saved a lot of US armed forces in Japanese
civilians' military jepsen said, history has shown there was no need to criticize him.
He's dead.
See, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
Tibbets took quiet pride in the Javi of dance, a journalist Bob Green who wrote the
Tibbets' biography, duty of father, his son and the man who won the war.
He said what they needed was someone who could do this and off flinch, and that was me,
Green said.
Paul Warfield, Tibbets, Jr.
He was born in Quincy, Illinois and spent most of his boyhood in Miami.
In Miami.
That's what turned him into a killer.
Into a butcher, he spent most of his boyhood in Miami.
Paul Warfield, Tibbets.
How do you like that?
He certainly, maybe he was named after Paul Warfield.
Maybe his parents were a pressure.
Maybe they had like a vision.
A good old poor warfield would be great receiving the NFL for the rounds.
And of course for the dolphins, for your dolphins back when they had a team that
somebody might want to watch.
Long ago, long times ago, he was new Rogers.
Forty-two, five sixty-qua-am.
The fourth leader.
You got the big cleats, small cleats, fat cleats, thin cleats.
Show cleats, toe cleats.
Cleats for the feet, cleats.
Feats for the feet.
Yeah.
That's what I got me from cleats.
All kinds of cleats.
You got the cleats for the feet.
Cleats.
Cleats.
Cleats.
Cleats.
Cleats.
As you can say, cleats.
For the feats.
Okay, it's 1047.
That's the problem with the dolphins too many de-feats.
946 on the pole.
What we're going to be close to a thousand by the top of the hour when the little hand hits
the big hand at 11 o'clock.
We're making some strides now.
We're making some progress.
Got a couple of really nice messages about ZAC.
Wow.
It happens ZAC on for a few days.
They must hate me.
I know.
ZAC, come on back, buddy.
So you take it as a personal shot.
Come on back, Alec Baldwin.
You sure weren't saying that yesterday
when you had all that great free food in there from a coffee steakhouse.
Tell you what, I'll fill it on Thursdays.
What a snore, man.
No, just they thought you did a fine job.
One of them actually said he had a wonderful voice,
which I always thought ZAC had a very kind of raspy and annoying voice,
but he's a good guy.
Maybe his girlfriend's other.
Yeah, I was.
Whatever was.
No, we enjoyed having him here.
And it's sure as hell, I've beat the hell out of having Robert Greeper come in here.
He hates me and hates the show and hates everybody in the world.
And we all hate him too.
So I'm a reaper the Lord of the board.
Robert Greeper the Lord of the board, the I'm a reaper.
Saudi Arabia could have helped the US prevent Al-Qaeda's 2001 attacks on the
American Washington, but this is really a joke.
If American officials had consulted Saudi authorities in a credible way,
the Kingdom's former ambassador said the documentary aired yesterday.
The comments by Prince Bandar bin Sultan, also known as Bandar Bush.
He's the one who holds a W's hand.
Our similar to the remarks this week by Saudi King Abdullah,
that suggested Britain could have provided the July 2000,
2005 train bombings in London if it had heated warnings from Riyadh.
Speaking to the Arabic satellite network Al-Arabia on Thursday, Bandar,
now Abdullah's national security adviser,
said Saudi intelligence was actively following most of the 9-11 flotters with precision.
If US security authorities had engaged their Saudi counterparts in a serious,
incredible manner, my opinion, we could have avoided what happened.
In fact, since he said it's good bunk bed buddies with the George W,
how come they were on the Ahorn with W, with the White House saying,
well guess what, we got a bunch of slime walls, a bunch of scumbags here
who are going to blow off the World Trade Center in the Pentagon, huh?
Bandar was the Saudi ambassador to Washington for nearly 22 years before being
replaced in 2005, a knowledgeable US official told CNN that Bandar's comments
should be taken with a green of salt.
Yeah, more than a salt. It's kosher, baby.
I would not say that, they could have said over there when you say it's kosher.
It's halal. On Monday, Abdullah told the BBC that Saudi Arabia had sent warnings to British authorities
before the London Subway bombings that killed 52 people. The city's bloodiest day since WW2.
We've sent information to Great Britain before the terrorist attacks in Britain,
Abdullah said, but unfortunately, no action was taken and it may have been able to have worked
the tragedy. Keep in mind, all before the suicide hijackers who carried out the 9-11 flots were
Saudi nationals and after the attacks, the kingdom was widely criticized and rightfully so
thriving, tolerated Islamic militancy. They don't just tolerate it, they fund it, they encourage it,
they teach it. They're all about it. The Saudis have called the criticism unfair,
pointing out that former, that al-Qaeda founder or Salman bin Laden's original grievance was
against the country's ruling family, which invited US troops into the kingdom after the Iraq invasion
of Kuwait in 1990. A string of attacks on Western compounds and installations and Saudi
institutions between 2003 and 2006 were blamed on al-Qaeda's followers.
And Saudi officials say that since 9-11 they've taken steps to ensure charitable donations
don't fall into the hands of al-Qaeda. Right, there's the first place we should have
bond, we should have flattened the damn place and hooked the American cheer for those oil pumps.
As a matter of fact, I got a story in here somewhere, let me move it up in my pile, okay?
Do that. Oh, I got some good stuff today. I got some heavy, heavy duty stuff today about
gas prices. Oh, it's from the scum, Senna, I can't read it. Gas prices could rise by 35 cents
as holidays approach. Thank you, Mr. President, for those bargain-basement gas prices. Boy,
that was sure a wonderful idea of doing that a rack attack. Worked like a charm. Piece of cake.
Drivers can expect higher gas prices. See, that's what it's all about. That's what the whole
any why, baby. Anybody who doesn't understand that is living in La La land, you're in the idiot.
That's what the whole world is about is dollars and cents, just like that scene in network where
Howard Beall is sitting at the end of the IT and T board room table, and Ned Beattie sitting
at the other end, remember that? Do you, where you sleep by that? The world is a business?
Listen to me, television is not the truth, so turn off your television sets, turn them off,
right in the middle of it, sit. I've chosen you to preach this, Mr. Beall. Why me?
Because you're on television, dummy. There you go. With oil prices reaching a grotesque
$96 a barrel yesterday, Amel is a consumer, so they begin feeling it at the pump in time for
Thanksgiving. Just in time to have something to be thankful for, those bargain-basement gas prices,
Mr. President, Mr. Buccher, Mr. Lunatic, Mr. Dumbo, Mr. Bufus-Ans. They'll also feel that when
they fly, American and Delta Airlines yesterday raised round trip tickets 20 bucks to recover some
of the cost of higher fuel prices. We're just now beginning to see the impact of 80 to 85-dollar
oil trickling down to the consumer levels, said Stephen Shorke, rhymes with Dork, editor of energy
newsletter, The Shorke Report, who predicts gas prices will go up by about 15 cents a gallon by
Christmas and could go higher by as much as 35 cents. On Thursday, average gas prices in
West Palm Beach, across the $3 gallon threshold up almost 3 cents overnight, and for a lot of
day, they hit $2.95. What a bargain. Consumers said that if gas rises by the amount predicted,
could affect their holiday shopping decisions, people will buy fewer gifts at Pradal-Hilmei
and Miramar Mortgage Broker, and real estate agent was a member of the South Florida Sun
Central Gas Panel. Oh, yeah, you don't think they sit around? They pass gas at the Sun Central.
Right in time, jikers face. More immediately, Vilma said, a jump in prices could cause him to
curb some non-essential trips. You'll think twice about driving to visit friends a gold miles
away to visit anything you said. I'd like drive the Tampa to go to Bernstakehouse or Crystal.
Demand for gasoline, traditionally, Diffcent September,
in October, at the end of summer vacation, driving a gradual reduction in daylight driving hours,
typically gasoline prices fall. This year, they've risen without nearly as sharply as crude oil
prices, which rose 20 percent in October. That's about to change thanks, giving some major
driving holiday with more than 30 million car trips, a 50 miles or more planned annual,
according to the Orlando Base Travel Club Triple A. In December, people tend to take more car trips
to malls to shop for presents. Usually, by thanksgiving will begin to see an up to a material
uptick in gasoline demand. What did you say? So I said uptick. Dick.
How much gasoline prices will rise as a tougher call? National retail prices pegged at 287
a gallon. According to the most recent US Department of Energy report, should reach three bucks
by early December and most certainly by Christmas short said, all right. That means here, no doubt,
five bucks a gallon. Take me to your leader. That's a good idea. Keep that car in the parking garage,
in the cupboard parking garage, downstairs. Keep it down there. He added that it's conceivable that
prices by then could hit 322 a gallon peak from earlier this year, recorded just before the
Memorial Day weekend. Mark Vittner, senior economist at Banking from Lock Covey Accorp,
said the company's given up predicting gas prices for the non-bink because of the incredible
volatility in the oil markets. The $90 plus price for crude oil could be a temporary blip or
more permanent change, you said. The longer oil prices remain the side, the more certain
I'm that gas prices are going to rise in a very, very perceptive comment he made. I mean,
a little child could have told you that. Oil prices are making other forms of transport beside
the automobile. More expensive for a lot of database region seven seas cruises,
expected to sound the next few days whether they're at a fuel suit or a surcharge on 2008 voyages.
All you idiots out there that want to do cruises, you're crazy people.
Let me be your just suicidal, I don't know. Gasoline prices have risen about nine cents a gallon
foot over the past month according to AAA. The Energy Department which releases new forecast
next week is projected that gas prices will average 275 gallon for all of this year a 6.9%
increase from last year. The galloping cost of crude oil during my worldwide demand has been the
primary force-driving gas cost higher as the Saudis and your President can spire hand and
gland and hand to rate the American people and people all over the world. And Hugo Chavez is
sitting down there in Venezuela laughing his ass off. 958 votes on the pool but that's a pretty
good number for 11 o'clock. Although this is not, you know, this doesn't require an opinion.
It well, it does require an opinion. It cries a little bit of thinking. But I think most of these
people are just putting whatever they are, you know. And I voted for Jewish which I was born
that but it's got nothing to do with religion. It's about the food. It's all about the food like
everything else when you're a fat slut. You ought to know that. Chris, if the law said you had to have
religion which one would you choose? Roch Deferri in 192 Mon. Buddhist 151 Jewish 150 in Catholic 148.
Boy, the Buddhist and Jews in the Catholics are in a knick-and-knows-to-nose battle. And I
thought the Buddhists were always like a peace-loving mind-year-old business-caterfolks.
Wicken, way down to Wicken's 96. Methodist 41. Episcopate 39. I think the Wicken thing is like a
carry-over from Halloween. Methodist 41. Episcopate 39. Back to his 29. Santa Rhea 23.
Mormon 17. Hindu 16. Shinto 14. Scientologist 14. Muslim 9.
Do you know what his witness is? 7.
12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
Robert Bitton 12.
But that's wonderful. It's all about parts in this nevity far from sounds. So we can actually
play a take that and put it in your pipe or in your backbone joist. How'd he like that?
A new Too Fat Astroly Joe all the way downstairs in a room left over.
975 on a survey by the way and I'll watch religion would you pick would you pick your nose or wow pick your
What would you pick?
Heed and his name.
No that's not an answer okay.
What do you mean by an answer?
No that's not an answer okay answer the question.
Okay I'm Catholic because I'm Catholic.
See there you go because your brain washed I don't think you're very brain washed I think you broke away and of course you were an altar boy no doubt.
Get the hell out of here.
What were you laughing about what's so funny about that I was not an altar boy because you were too ugly obviously.
Whatever you say buddy.
I was never I was never I never bought it you know I was try to I was never one of the bull cramp no I was raised to it you know
I used to skip Sunday school and just play paper basketball in the in the bathroom and then when I started going to private school I just never I was like are you people crazy or I don't know.
Yes I just I saw through all the whole thing that's right all these people are crazy the religious people are the crazy people all your kids are playing
Hokey from school today just remember Uncle Neil told you and this is the only place you'll hear the truth about it because
everybody else is scared to death and religion oh they're going to come after us.
Yes through them they're all crazy people you look all over the world today and all these people killing each other I'd say this every time I can
Air every chance eyes get all because of that good old time religion I'll all of man made and of course you can that that's why they need to
watch desperately that zeitgeist the movie thing oh and let me also speak in movies tend to that hostile two sucks.
I enjoy the first one and I'm not one of those people in spite of the fact you accused me of being a real worst about violent and bloody movies and then by the mean of
least but I'm not a worse although trans spotting was that had nothing to do with bloodiness and guts that was like that I had to do it that you know I'm a
back to too much crap yeah but I enjoy the first a hostile but this one was there was no story at all there was no story at all
it was just a lot of bloody gore and you know if you like that if you're into that great there's plenty of it there including one guy getting his
sliced off if you want to see that I guess I could say penis sliced off and there's this one chicken in the movie so that's all that's what I was
going to ask are there any boobies I'm the first one there's a little bit nasty ones not good ones and then wait I'm not going to say that I'm not a
little bit of a nasty nasty boobies like a little nasty from this nasty looking and the way she acts in the movie is like she goes out of a
way to seem like the wall flower she's like a real with a big schnauz you know she's just nobody would touch her with a hundred
foot pole but at any rate they finally did touch her and they hunger upside down and then this dite comes in oh yeah that's
right you do there are there's that one good thing you enjoy the dite comes in and she lies stark naked underneath the
hanging body and then she takes the knife and she's like slicing her within then she finally chops her head off okay and all the
blood comes just gushing down all over her and she just aha covering herself all with a blood she's getting into a big
time but anyway it's a horrible movie hostile to it sucks save your money okay speaking of religious
a get skis and all this other rape of the work in public earmark setting aside federal funds for religious
organizations including Christian groups openly focused on conversions and missionary work are on the rise in the
appropriations bills in both the west house and senate according to analysis from roll call which reviewed the
contents of appropriations bills in the 2008 fiscal year scores of religious organizations across the
country are being singled out from earmarks for local cantalact charities USA organizations to funding for
research programs and probably universities to faith based drug treatment and jobs programs the get skis
points out that the bulk of the money for such groups is specifically fun to do secular projects some of the funds
are targeted organizations whose primary mission is evangelical the uptick and such earmarks is some activist
organizations such as the Americans United for separation of church and state concerned about a perceived
increase in the boring of the lines between religion and government the founding fathers are spinning in their
graves they're probably spinning the dreidel now getting close to that time the trend of
care marking federal funding for faith based organizations is a real problem data share the groups state
legislative council told roll call on the constitution government funding cannot be used to endorse religion it
cannot be used religious activities and it cannot be used to construct buildings for religious purposes don't
you get skis understand it or what i love that word by the way gets kids is it's perfect and of course it
covers that doesn't single out anybody just to covers anybody it's religious nut
yes other watch stock organizations are also critical of the practice
setting with a believe our inherent dangers and congress hand picking faith based causes the teams worthy of funding
earmarks are about picking winners and losers and it gets more touchy when religion comes into its
devils the vice president for programs of the group taxpayers for commonsense said that starts raising red
fact a flags one earmark proposed by senator david bitter republican Louisiana he's the uh
got it with school and all the hookers consisted of a hundred thousand dollar provision of fund a science
education program at Louisiana family for a court of roll call the lff has long
opposed the teaching revolutionally science curriculum state schools and the grand would have gone
toward a project to encourage schools to teach creationist theories of development as well
not only is good right wing hypocrites david bitter old god that's good he's in that good old god
stuff bitter later by the pressure from the a-c-l-u and others are moving that specific earmark
america is united for the separation of church and state also highlights government funding from the christian
ministry world impact in which received two million dollars near mark money this year from california
Kansas and Missouri members of the house and senate on its website world impact describes itself as a christian
missions organization dedicated to ministering gods love in the inner cities of america
its purposes to monitor glorify god and delight in him in the inner cities by knowing god and making him known
the group also provides tutoring vocational training and drug treatment programs
and a talking to reporters once again he reiterated his call for the senate to move forward on the
nomination of his now of uh... his now that the right now that the right now that the right now that the right now that the right
is not see attorney general nominee nine hundred and sixty three on the apple this hour we go over a thousand
and after that it's all gravy man
big good gravy i do like gravy
first time i meet low-school especially they don't put any of the worst thing they do with me because they put
breadcrumbs on places in them
that's why it's better to make your own because the breadcrumbs that's where you get your carves that's bad
those carcabes baby
let me tell you right now what's going to kill you and that's bread
pasta
any starch potato stuff like that rice
at least so how do the Chinese get away with it because you don't see a whole lot of fat Chinese
because they don't eat like we do
meaning what meaning like they don't eat you know five four times a day
like how do you know
because i remember that little exchange student that George had he told me that you know
first of all she was from Japan not China
well okay
Asian people Asian people don't eat as much
that was like the first thing that she said
i can't believe you guys always be Chinese eat all that rice
must be in their metabolism must be a hereditary thing
positive and eating rice for eighty million years that they Chinese
you think although they could turn into sumos
if they really pushed it they yeah
where those people come from besides Japan if you go to Hawaii you see you see some beautiful people
and why many of them lots of them but you also see some real porkers
like that with that sumo kind of like you know just fat
really fat big and disgustingly fat
fat's not worth that take it from me i know i've been
i've been fat for a long time and fat is not worth that
and i've been ahead these three days now i think i deserve some kind of like special
metal or something for my birthday from Monday
so what am i going to be getting from the station you think i'm
on or my birthday i'm going to be like a card
why is he under the laughing and and rightfully so because i'm not going to be getting any
right i've been on the show before you won't be getting anything from the station
well isn't that nice isn't it just a comment to have a birthday
especially after ten years of this and working with these
conditions with these people thank god the last six of mostly have been here
and not there not in that place in that studio with all the stuff falling apart
with the mic switch here we are all these years later the mic switch still
isn't working half of the time one day i'm sitting here a couple of weeks ago
and i heard George mumbling about his singing or whatever
and because they didn't know the mic switch was still on
because it's like everything else in the overhead all of these things
all of these things they just don't care fix it told me that he fixed it
well maybe he did fix it you know or maybe that explains it
because anything he touched turns to crap immediately
after an engineer i take that back i'm a better engineer
you know so i've maintained all my good stuff here nicely all six years
yeah why is that because nobody else is in here pockking around with it
that's why nobody else is in here dealing with it especially on the weekend
like we have a z-well know every Monday morning is nightmare time on the near
Roger show in our studio down there because over the weekend all the little
babies are in their plane all we got a ballgame i'm here we're going to put it
out of this studio and so they're pockking around all the settings
are like screw up all the pots it twizzed inside out you know that
every single Monday and they don't want to do anything about it because it's
clearance in his boyfriend that has to do with the important stuff with sports
with games like the u.m. game against North Carolina State is nc state any good by the way
yes they are are they i mean that be a think that be a bummer if u.m.
lost another game that would be what three or four
four losses in one season i think that would be the end of the program
oh well they're they got at least two more losses coming really yeah well that's
the best news i could read it if i see you didn't stink the place out so bad
they would have had that game too last week you're gonna like this facts
coming what you don't like this facts coming oh another hate facts well
since we're doing religion good Jesus was seen in hot chocolate all right coming
at you 11 13 at five sixty w q f right there you best good
well we were out on our first date after eating at a Mexican cafe
while we were driving in my car let one go that almost blew us both away
I asked her did you like that cheese that she turned around to look at these
that girls don't part girls don't part you can not only eat that girls don't part
but I do the older her the eating it's like closing in my hair
and so I don't know I can get some air it's been like something's died in there
girls don't part girls don't part she can't tell me that girls don't part
but I do I heard another deadly swear then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt
I turned around to get her back with just a matter of time before another attack
so I asked her to was okay that you look at me and I had to say was girls don't part
girls don't part you can not only eat that girls don't part
but I do I heard girls don't part you girls don't part you can not only eat that girls don't part
but I do but I do but I do but I do
oh no I forgot all about that there at the ass you what you dump it I did not
well why not all that was in the fart there was just a raspberry yeah okay
because girls don't part but I do not need to I'm going to Chris forks a lot of course
and know who fights a lot is jolly joe bill anybody that fat with a big fat ass he's
farting up a storm probably right now 998 on the pool I'm not going to be always
all at the fairy tale stuff whilst the fairy is still on top this is your right
this is a sensational story and it fits right in with the pool the big right topic
and the whole deal perfect my the last line of course is my fate in Columbia this is Columbia
South Carolina where's that Columbia of the country I'm going with the country yeah
I would think so they got a lot of get's fees in Columbia the image of Jesus has been seen on the side
of a mug of hot chocolate specifically they face appeared on the side of the mug in a
pattern of drips because this month is the month before Christmas the Catholic church is
investing in the appearance Jesus on a coffee mug baby they saw the mug of Jesus
in the meantime a shrine has been set up for visitors to view the cup and the kitchen where was discovered
oh this is definitely in the country of Columbia wow this isn't this isn't the first
or probably the last time that religious icons have been found in food the owner of the mug
claims to have mixed a nestly quick brand of instant hot chocolate with a spoon she then
placed it on the kitchen burner where she burned her finger that day before she
states that she damned the burner and then felt remorse that she used the Lord's name in vain
it's for these events she believes that the Jesus image appeared the owner of the mug will be listing the
mug on eBay all right
pedal to your mug on eBay baby wow I betcha we refresh it yeah we got a thousand
and two votes Chris wasn't even on time for that I was just surprised at that story
I missed it what about the mug of Jesus yeah that one just you know come on maybe
the wrong drugs is a little bit of that drug action in Columbia not a lot you understand
just a little bit make sure she gives 10% of her profits from eBay to the
church that's right be sure and tied your eBay earnings from the mug to the
church sweetheart they need to pay off all the much of the increased lawsuits they
need all the cash they can get speaking of cash here's another good crook a
campaign contributor who wants wind and dine former representative Catherine
Harris agreed Wednesday to pay a one million dollar fine the second largest in the
federal election commission's 32 year history for breaking campaign laws by
funneling corporate contributions to Catherine Harris and another member
congress what a bitch by the way how's their plane doing is still a flopping
around up there the fine came is defense contractor Mitchell Wade reached a settlement
with the FEC acknowledging that he used $78,000 in corporate funds to reimburse
employees and their spouses for contributing to Harris a serisota Republican
who lost a 2006 race for US Senate and represented a Virgil Good Republican of
Virginia the same Catherine Harris by the way who helped a fat ass jam bush fix the
2000 election for his brother in Florida Wade had previously pledged guilty in
US district court to illegally steering the money to the two lawmakers no
fuss of securing look at a contract for his company mzm commission chairman
Robert Leonard said the historic size of the phone shows there are fine shows
there are serious consequences for those who know no fully knowing we and
willfully tried to funnel illegal contributions of the FEC campaign on
tongue time must be that Jesus on the coffee mug just put me over the edge if
it's not the Virgin Mary on this on a TOTINO's pizza and which by the way they're
having a recall on TOTINO's maybe that's because of the Virgin Mary we'll get to
that story you got any crap in your freezer throw it out when it's out throw it
out the commission said it found no evidence that Harris or Good knew the
contributions from mzm employees were illegal and that both campaign committees
had either refunded or discoorded all mzm related contributions this
court if you watch hostile to there's a lot of discouraging that goes on in the
movie gross it out of mind the gross part but at least if it was had a story if
it was like a simple eating if it was something you know it was just a blood and
guts neither Harris nor Good could be reached for comment Wednesday night former
mzm employee Richard Berglund also be to pay 42 grand fine for accepting money
from way to make donations and his and his wife's name and reimbursing other
employees for their contributions. Wade completed guilty in February 2006
deriving former representative Randy Duke cutting had a California and steering
contributions to Harrison Good and hopes the landing federal contracts since
2002 federal record showed the owners employees of two way related companies
including mzm pound 51 grand in the Harris's political campaign her campaign
is said all the money is since been given to charity well ain't that grand
ain't that three good old Catherine Harris baby anybody who supports her has got to be
a crook although I bet you we got people are building a proud love Catherine Harris
anybody who's the right wing bitch or just to the right of Hitler they love it
I'm just telling we got some of them people around because it's a sports place
you know and if you're going to be an athlete you don't want to be no commie
pinko bed wedding liberal you want to put on this act that you're like a real
right wing staunch Nazi bastard that you got to do that to keep that much of
women going. Kurt Schilling style that's right 10.05 on the survey man the
seventh day Adventist boy did not sell enough of that sausage like it their last
place with only three votes not to get his name.
The best out of two is the largest sports
between the five sixty qa m and the sports leader.
Oh my god.
The pub's pub's dough.
Here's the pub's pub's dough.
Guy gave him the prize.
The pub's pub's dough.
Hey.
He likes his smokin' mass.
The pub's pub's dough.
He's a good head.
The pub's pub's dough.
The pub's dough.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Guy is high on the scale and 18 high on the back.
Poccin' won't get thrown on breath.
Jesus breaks our back.
Jesus places to where he'll be never shot of junk.
Poccin' won't get thrown on more.
He's a treasure truck.
The pub's pub's dough.
Guy gave him the prize.
The pub's pub's dough.
He likes his smokin' mass.
The pub's pub's dough.
He's a good head.
The pub's pub's dough.
The pub's pub's dough.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I took him to my nap day.
He took my chair, fell on water.
Chill forgot to take a pill.
Nice he's got it.
Dores it.
Tentin' built it.
Not a joke.
For a proven pope.
First in truck and de-took him.
Now I wanna smoke.
The pub's pub's dough.
Guy gave him the prize.
The pub's pub's dough.
He likes his smokin' mass.
The pub's pub's dough.
He's a good head.
The pub's pub's dough.
The pub's pub's dough.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
The pub's getting higher.
The pub's getting higher.
The pub's getting higher.
The pub's getting higher.
The pub's pub's dough.
Guy gave him the prize.
The pub's pub's dough.
He likes his smokin' mass.
The pub's pub's dough.
He's a good head.
The pub's pub's dough.
The pub's pub's dough.
The pub's pub's dough.
The pub's pub's dough.
That's his answer.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Lot of jokes with American babies.
That's why they're all chasing around in awesome ones.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
We haven't heard of it.
part of the
buck, every class, every class, where
they have been a church response to key evangelical teaching such as the Trinity and the infelebility
of Scripture.
Distinctive teachings include the unconscious state of the dead and the doctrine of an investigative
judgment.
What?
The church is also known for its emphasis on diet and health.
See, there we go.
For its promotion of religious liberty and for its culturally conservative principles.
The world church is governed by a general conference with smaller regions administered by
divisions, union conferences, and local anticoes on for 100 pages.
But then we get to this stuff about a position statement on the vegetarian diet adapted
from the general conference of the Seventh-day Adventist Nutrition Council.
For more than 130 years, Seventh-day Adventists have practiced a vegetarian dietary lifestyle
because of their belief in the holistic nature of humankind.
Whatever is done in eating or drinking should honor and glorify God and preserve the health
of the body, mind, and spirit.
Deal, good on it!
The recommended lacto-ovo vegetarian diet, lacto-ovo, includes the generous use of whole
grain breads, will send your blood sugar soaring, cereals and pastas, which will send your blood
sugar into stroke levels, a liberal use of fresh vegetables and fruits, a moderate use
of legumes, nut seeds, and low-fat dairy products such as milk, yogurt, and cheeses.
Egg yolks should be used in moderation, especially with high-saturated fan cholesterol foods,
such as beef, lamb, pork, chicken, fish, and seed food, all the good stuff that's all
atkins approved.
They will hopefully lose weight and get your blood lipids down to a safe level so you
won't croak from a stroke.
Coffee, tea, and alcoholic beverages provide a few nutrients and may interfere with the
absorption of essential nutrients.
Since 1954, more than 250 articles have been published in scientific journals on Seventh-day
Adventist lifestyle and health in 1960s, Loma Lenda University in cooperation with the
National Cancer Institute began to study the health of SDAs and Yadi-oddi-oddi.
In general, SDAs, Seventh-day Adventists have 50% less risk of heart disease, certain
types of cancer, stroke, and diabetes.
More specifically recent data suggests that the vegetarian men are able to come expect
to live more than eight years longer and women more than seven years longer than the general
population.
SDAs, vegetarian men live more than three years longer than SDA men who eat meat.
And they do that Loma Lenda.
I think that's the brand they call it Loma Lenda, whatever.
Burgers and sausages and breakfast sausages, all of these...
More of these things.
Now, explain how you said it has no taste but it's good.
That was a joke.
Oh, okay, good.
I was wondering.
God, are you stupid or what?
Delicious but no taste.
No, I got no taste.
The light bill call these do use that lime all the time.
Delicious but no taste.
In other words, it sucks.
I like the food of the cheesecake factory.
Delicious but no taste.
It's industrial strength, Josh.
It's sucked.
I had a decent meal when I was there.
Well, good luck to you.
I'm happy for you.
I had a bad experience.
Now, what about the other place in there?
What's it called?
The other one?
The Grand Lux Cafe.
It's owned by the same people.
Oh, I don't know.
I...
Are you talking about in salgrass?
I think there's a rainforest cafe.
No, the Grand Lux Cafe.
It's owned by the same people as the ones who put that cheesecake factory crap out.
Because the next time I come down there, I don't want to have a bad meal.
I don't want to get suckered into another bad meal like his last time.
I don't want to knock my good friend the professor because he's in the process of sending
me a birthday gift of some kind.
Card would be fine.
It would be enough.
I got to tell you, there's no excuse that you have a bad meal.
What does that mean?
Meaning like, you know, you're the kind of guy like just any given night like you could
hit up the Ruth's Chris.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to go to Ruth's Chris when I'm there.
I can go to Ruth's Chris here and the one here is much better than the ones there.
I shouldn't say that probably, but I'm just telling you it is.
Is it Ruth's Chris in a Hilton hotel here downtown that is so good that it's just beyond
belief.
The menu selection is better.
The food is, it's just great.
So I can go to there anytime.
Why do I want to go to a place I can go any day when I'm in South Florida with all
those fabulous eating places?
I hate to tell you, but cheesecake factory is pretty common.
It's pretty what?
It's pretty common.
Not here.
I thank God.
I've got no got that here.
Oh, finding God in food, the good.
Whoever sent the other one has sent this follow-up.
Excellent.
The top food stories of 2006, finding God in food.
Jesus, the Virgin Mary.
Oh, yeah, the miracle tortilla.
I love it.
And of course don't forget about the Virgin Mary on the underpass there in Chicago.
Remember that?
Oh, that's one of my favorites.
That is.
They were stopping and were coming.
It was like a tourist attraction now.
With all the good stuff, they were supposed to see in Chicago.
Why would you go to the underpass to see the stain image of the Virgin Mary on the underpass.
Oh, people are crazy, man.
What are they looking for?
What in God's name, if you're part of the expression, are they looking for with all these
fairy tales?
God.
Overgrown children who called themselves adults, who've got the intellectual level of a two-year
old.
Oh, I saw the Virgin Mary on the side of that bank building in St. Peter's there in Clearwater.
It was in Clearwater.
Yeah, we believe you.
Oh, the dow is down.
Another 101 points.
And the S&P is down too for that jackass that kept calling.
The S&P is down, baby, down.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
What's the biggest name?
The best town.
You know his new projects.
We're 20 or 5.
60 QAM.
Me.
Fourths leader.
Yo, man.
What's up with your photocard?
Dimash Pluh.
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock.
He sat in the metal just shaking his fist.
That's some boys who were down by the brick.
There be in the water their hands on their marbles and clay things and at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces and white fluffy dark.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend
while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling.
Reptuse and litter from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the metal was rubbing her eyes
at the fellow down by the dark.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for a lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to
the fence.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy.
So tasty made of butter, Scotch.
And then he spread wood cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
Alright.
11.25 at 5.60 WQAM.
Time hears that this story, the top food stories of 2006, finding God in food.
It's that time of the year, the time to look back on the stories that made 2006 great.
It says our countdown begins with God who appeared several times this year in food.
Grilled cheese, fish sticks, and cinnamon buns.
This may sound like the lunch menu at the local high school, but in fact, these are all
food items on which people claim to have found the likeness of God.
Surprisingly, God shows up in mysterious ways on a number of food items.
Number one, non-von.
A cinnamon bun that looked like the mother Teresa was discovered in 1996 and stolen this
past Christmas morning from a coffee shop where it was discovered and preserved.
Saints and Cinnamon are a good combination.
Two, Virgin Mary grilled cheese.
Sold for 28 grand on Ebay, the decades old sandwich, which is included with a mystical
anti-molding powers, could it be the combination of artificial cheese and wonder bread had
something to do with it?
I wonder.
Who wrote the book of love?
Three, Jesus in a nacho pan.
Evidently God is all about processed cheese.
This time He shows up at the Stadium Club in Jacksonville in the bottom of a pan used
to keep nacho cheese warm.
Four, Jesus' fish stick.
A face-per-act with the image of Jesus appearing in a burnt fish stick is not a religious sign.
It's the sign that choking is not your strong suit.
Five, Miracle tortilla.
One of the earliest writings dating from 1977, this flatbread is said to have the image
of Jesus, as well as have been rumored to possess healing powers, a shrine is open
for visitors in Lake Arthur, New Mexico for those who want to see it.
The Miracle tortilla with the picture of Jesus.
And six, the Ala eggplant.
The name of Ala has appeared at least twice written in both Arabic and Urdu in slices
of eggplant for proving that religion can strike anywhere at any time.
Not just in mysteriously marked snack foods and flaky pastries.
It says, if you're feeding lift-up, I'll have the discoverers you can put an icon on
your breakfast food with surprising ease.
Just unexpected to sell too well on eBay.
Well, you never know.
I remember that cheese sandwich, man.
That grilled cheese, that thing was bigger than Murray Townamore.
It was just jargantig.
It was huge.
Remember that everybody was talking about on eBay.
Just stick it on eBay.
There's a sucker aboard every minute and they'll go to eBay and they'll buy any kind
of crap you got.
Oh, there's a picture of Yoschki on my condom, man.
The image of Yoschki is on the condom.
Oh, look at this.
Thank you, Ken.
My good friend Ken from Atobico, sent me an e-card.
I wish me happy birthday.
And that's sweet.
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
What Ken's an old guy?
At Atobico, he can relate to being old like me.
Is he old and gay?
No, I don't really know whether he's gay and I don't care whether he's gay is an old
guy.
He's a good guy.
A good leaf fan.
Sorry about the leaves, Ken.
They suck.
That's what he's saying is if he was younger, he would care if he might be gay.
I might.
I don't get any birthday greetings from all those hot young guys that they used to like
on a, you know, on a mind-space thing.
They have all pretty much vanished, disappeared.
Like the Serbian said in those of that crowd, they've all vanished.
They've just dropped me a, even my buddy, Ricky.
I don't hear from Ricky.
The Serbian stopped in.
Oh, yeah.
Hmm.
Hmm.
What?
Oh, nothing.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Oh, there's nothing wrong with that.
What's wrong with that?
Take a little peek.
You know, I mean, these are just, what you gotta do, buddy.
That's right.
And who those are these people are anyway and who cares when they come right down to it.
But I try to be, you know, friendly with everybody on there except of course for Al
Rogers.
Go away, Al.
And stop hucking with your Dennis Kassinich propaganda already with your 80 million different
phony pages.
Get lost.
Christ.
If the law said you had to have a religion, which one would you choose?
Rastafarian 214.
Buddhist 160.
Jewish 158.
Catholic 154.
Wicken 100.
Wow.
A hundred Wikens.
Methodist 45, Episcopate 44, Baptist 31, Santaria 24.
Mormon 18, Hindu 16, Shinto 16, 15.
Scientologist 15.
Muslim 10.
You always witness his eight.
Christian side is five, Pentecostal five.
And the seventh day Adventist with their frozen meatless burgers of three, still in three.
Maybe you can take along a dentist when you go with the seventh Adventist.
And you can gum your vegetarian food.
Yeah, that's stuff that they make.
It's like, it's like, make-believe burgers and sausage patties and sausage links and
stuff like that.
But it's meatless.
It's okay.
I've had some of it.
Sounds miserable.
Maybe I Loma Luma Loma Linda Foods.
Loma Luni Foods.
It sounds bad.
It's not bad.
You're just one of those one-dimensional people.
I mean, it does have a little bit.
It's like Bokka burgers, same kind of principle.
You ever have Bokka burgers?
I don't know that I put on the mat many years ago when I would be back when I had a big
audience and I could like talk about Ben and Jerry's fish food or Bokka burgers and
people.
Everybody in the South Florida be running out and buying the stuff.
Of course, all those people now, they got out.
Who the people are in having South Florida and I have no idea.
Like, at that hockey game, a couple of Saturdays ago, that Panthers Tampa game that I went
to at the Macarena, were you one of the 200?
I was one of the few thousand, there were a few thousand people there, maybe eight or
ten.
I told you by the game that I went to last year, right?
Yeah.
There were no more than 200 people there.
Wow.
Kind of like a Marlins game.
Horse.
And rumor has it that there was a recent Panther game.
I forget which one it was, there was a similar number of people there.
You count them easy on your fingers and toes.
A&E has suspended filming about 100 Dwayne Dog Chapman's reality show, Dog the Bounty Hunter.
After a tape was released of him using the N word in a racist rant.
Oh my God.
Chapman's bearded remarks were directed at his son's African American girlfriend and
refers to being able to tabloids website.
On the tape, Chapman can be heard defending the use of the word nigger in which he contends
does not always mean use scum nigger without a soul.
Wow.
Isn't that charitable of him?
Chapman's never released a following statement A&E has just learned to disturb released
by the National Enquirer concerning Dwayne Dog Chapman.
Would take this matter very seriously.
Pending an investigation we've suspended production on the series when the inquiry is concluded
will take appropriate action.
And it's got a video here from NBC's Morning Joe and CNN's American Morning broadcast
November 1.
Sounds like yesterday to me.
And oh here's the transcript.
Should I read it?
Yeah, read it.
This is John Roberts.
Dwayne Dog Chapman's apologizing after caught on tape in a racist rant.
National Enquirer is too recorded phone conversations from him and his son's girlfriend is the
target.
Take a listen.
Roberts, oops.
This is all you can say about that.
Well we didn't get to hear it.
Then it doesn't give you the transcript of that.
Oops.
This morning Chapman released a statement A&E announced that suspending production of his
show until the investigation is complete.
We're joined by Roy Innisd, chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality.
How were you struck when you first heard this tape?
Innisd says shocked, of course.
These things always shock you but I don't lose focus of the fact they represent a very
small minority of the American people.
Roberts, small minority but a huge megaphone.
Innisd.
They have a megaphone.
What we should be concerned about is we could not extend the size of the megaphone by
reaction to it.
I'm glad that he's apologized at least partially.
He's still a slime-de-unlady.
He's slinder.
My understanding is she's a fine young lady contrary to what he's saying.
As if that has anything to do with this.
Roberts, what I found interesting is saying we sometimes use the inward around here.
I don't know what company he was talking about but freely banded about it.
If you don't have hate in here now, how does it ever come out of there?
Innisd.
That's why all of the companies suspended the show which is a good move.
He has apologized partially.
That's a good move.
He has yet to make another step, one final step, and that is to examine himself.
He needs to come to core.
I'll talk to him.
Roberts, he needs to purge himself.
Andnis, he needs to purge himself.
Roberts, how do you do that?
You confront him with his ideas?
His gut ideas and reference to race relations, then, it says.
Roberts, of course, we've seen this a few times in the past.
First of all, it started with Michael Richards who played Cramer on Seinfeld.
Andnis, he plays a bounty hunter.
A law that should be examined, first of all.
Since he's in that role, he needs to be more sane in terms of race relations than he
is, he's kind of a role model.
Roberts, he's on the Arts and Entertainment Network as well.
It's not some sort of obscure cable channel stuck up there in the 500s.
Andnisd has seen very few of the episodes, but those that I have seen, he attempts to
be the real good-ministered-Mr. Goodguy, helping people out in all that.
How can these two things they don't mesh?
Good guys don't use the N word, baby.
That's the bottom line to all of this.
Good guys don't use the N word.
You think a little overreaction, perhaps?
Everybody is so politically correct now, man.
Everybody's all uptight.
I miss Father Ways coming back December 3rd.
I just thought I would mention that.
Maybe he'll say Nappy-Headed Hose again, but I doubt it.
What do you think?
For a...
No, what are you eating now?
Not how he's?
No, Brad.
Oh, Brad from Tony's is in today.
I bet you're eating some Pappy-Runi pizza.
I sure hope it's not that frozen Totino stuff.
No, it's not.
Got a pizza and I got a sub here.
Because Brad wouldn't bring any crap like that.
He bring the fresh good stuff from Tony's, 441 and 190 seconds free.
Since we're doing numbers, we got 1032 on a pull.
What a memory I got, huh?
Yep.
I remember how good that food was.
It was really outstanding.
I want a good thing about Brad over there at Tony's.
He doesn't use any of that prefabricated 800 gallon sauce in a can.
It likes a lot of places to do.
He doesn't use any slot.
And you can taste the difference, but that's a good place.
So what do you got?
You got pizza and what else?
I got a grilled chicken sub.
Hmm.
And what's Mr. Fat?
Prowing and do now.
I'm not eating anything at the exact moment.
No, I don't mean with the exact moment.
Oh, I'm gonna have a...
No, he'll be crap like that.
I was like the pizza.
Are you reading the crust?
Maybe.
You're gonna die.
Let me tell you right now.
I hate to say it.
A good guy, but you're gonna die.
All right, we have any questions Josh.
Is he gonna die?
All right, we all.
Well, that's the point.
Oh, there's Doug the bounty hunter suspended.
He's in the inward and a rant about his son's African-American girlfriend,
Chapman says he's set up.
Look, when you were not watching us here in the newsroom,
here's what we would love for you to do.
Go to CNN.com.
In fact, why don't you take me?
That Tony here is.
Yeah, I'm serious.
If I had a shotgun, I would go to CNN and Atlanta and I would have right on the
ear.
I would take him up.
He just, I mean, how can they put him on the ear?
Although I don't.
There are just a lot of people on the ear don't belong on the ear.
And of course, many of them are right here on QA.
I'm seeing what they can.
Many of them need to wear a shotgun.
I'm not wrong.
I'm in a dead, 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Kids, why should I need Republican?
Parabababab.
Kids, make a pillow and smother them till they're dead.
Kids, want the government to give them all a free ride.
Why, me crying, sick and dying?
Grow up yet a job of buying children's kids.
Are we right to three Republicans laid behind?
Kids, on behalf of Compassion and Homicide, we're going to get some more shine.
Her life just like Christ, a hoe.
Once they're born, then they can die.
Kids, don't have lollies, dads, get to vote their wives.
Kids, we less the free hookers and charters.
We're up to be like we are.
Statistics are hating games.
Kids, a crap about kids to pay.
Papa, 1 at 5.60 WQR.
But your father or tool still gives a crap about kids.
I'm looking at that neat e-card that I got.
The birthday card from Canon Topical.
That's the one.
That's what I got.
Cool.
Oscar has sent in my email address.
Because I guess he can't send those on my space or something like that.
I don't know.
I mean, I could have gotten like 80 million birthday bags.
They're waiting till Monday, man.
There's going to be an outpouring of emotion on Monday.
The likes of what you've never seen.
You believe it?
A flood of emotion.
No.
How about the mail?
They've been bringing in bags full of birthday cards?
Yeah.
I'll start faxing stuff to you.
Well, they don't want to do it now.
On November 2, that's right.
It's too early, man.
Three days ahead of time.
They don't want to do that.
You wait till Monday, man.
It's a good thing George is going to be back.
Because Josh would want to have to put up with a tremendous amount of crap.
It would just be overwhelming.
I would think so.
I mean, every year, when I was down here, there'd be like one or two.
And always one idiot that would have sent me.
In Jesus' name, oh.
But in Jesus' for you, you know, one of those gets used.
You know what?
That's what if you want a little emotion for your birthday, come on down and do the show
from here.
No.
I was just there a couple weeks ago.
What do I want to come back for?
Yeah, but you didn't come into the wonderful building of Jesus' name.
And you don't want to know the real.
It will never, ever happen again.
Ever?
You know that song by The Beatles?
You won't see me.
Trust me.
I don't.
You don't?
No.
You won't see me.
You don't know that song?
I don't like The Beatles, sir.
I know that.
But you know this song, don't you?
Actually, I can't.
I mean, I have no problem with The Beatles, but I don't know that song I'll fan now.
Oh, such a sad world.
I'm going to go out and sit in the pigeon droppings on my patio and just cry like a baby.
BuzzFlastGOP, Imperput of the Week.
Richard Curtis, I can't imagine why.
Hey, Dick.
You're fair.
We have some advice for the macho-poster-mere Republican males.
If you don't want people to think you're gay, a cross-dresser, adult or transsexual or
a child-luster, you better become a Democrat or independent.
Because if the fast-paced essential perversity being exposed among elected Republican officials,
almost all of whom are invariably publicly and sanctimoniously opposed to gazing at
beltery, it's kind of defecto-questionable whether any white GOP male claims to be for
family values is not a pervert.
By now, you've probably read about the latest unfolding farcical chapter in the ongoing
epidemic of GOP's sexual perversity.
Yes, and now resigned state-represented from Washington State got himself in a cross-dressing,
filatio male sex for a higher, tot-s-titespot the other day, in Spokane.
We're not too long ago.
The Republican mayor was uncovered as a sexual harasser of his male employees.
Our mind is dizzy with recent tales of right-wing debauchery, while Curtis is indeed taken
into a new level of tabloid sensation, the pattern is the same, repression and hypocrisy.
As an article in the Oregonian noted, however, the one bit of importance to this story has
almost been lost in all the sex talk.
Like in so many of these other cases, Curtis has an anti-gay rights voting record.
He voted against domestic partnerships for Gays and opposed the bill provading discrimination
based on sexual orientation.
So he may not have a powerful office as it has Larry Craig.
He wasn't a prominent church leader when he sure as heck didn't help bring down the Republican
leadership in Congress as did Mark Foley, but in the public mind, Curtis further furnishes
the case the Conservatives make against legislation promoting equality for Gays.
Curtis's case is so lurid and detailed that it's tabloid is that it both titillates
and repels after receiving moral sex in the porn shaft while dressed as a woman.
Curtis woke up in a swanky, spoke in a hotel after a night doing the nasty with a young
man named Stagnan.
I wonder if he was the Serbian Stagnan?
That's right.
But the key feature of it is it's been for the endless success of repressed sexual white
males who lead the GOP as his gross hypocrisy.
These people are deeply troubled in the need of serious psychiatric intervention, and the
meantime they continue to defraud America with their advocacy of discriminatory laws
and attitudes that are aimed to write it themselves.
Until next week remember our motto, so many Republican hypocrites so little time.
It's the first hypocrite of the week award to Richard Curtis, by the way.
Welcome to the club, Dick.
And I'm sure won't be the last Republican on there or whatever there.
Definitely not.
All these sanctimodies right wingers.
Oh, the Lord said it's an abomination in the eyes of the Lord.
And they're in the meantime there.
They're doing it.
Every single one I've never encountered or one of them.
The first of all wasn't crazy as a bed bug and secondly wasn't a closet case, but never
less.
That's why it's the gay old party.
That's correct.
1040, a thousand 40 on a pool.
I think 1040 was KXL and Waterloo, Iowa.
I could be wrong with it and I don't care.
I always think back in the days of those great 50,000 mock clear channel and renoming
clear channel accompany me.
They used to call them clear channel because there was nothing else on the frequency for
like a Zidane miles.
So you can hear them all over the country like WABC and KDK and KMOX like that.
You know, WHAM and Rochester, really bad station.
WOW and Fort Wayne, Indiana, 1190 on New Dal.
Whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa.
I was thinking woo, woo.
No, that's Arnie Woowoo Ginsburg on WMEX.
A not very powerful station in Boston.
Arnie Woowoo Ginsburg.
Well, I attended those of the days.
Adventure Car Hop and Saga's Mass was just right on the way on US one to Salem, New
Handsome with Rockingham Park.
So many in the evening, I'd hop in my little corvary with a lot of Boston friends and we
would head on up Highway 1 and make this pit stop at Adventure Car Hop and Saga's and
get a whole bunch of really good stuff and then drive up to the track and lose whatever
money I had.
Not much in those days, but nevertheless.
Rockingham Park, Tug Void, Vucky Day, Bobby Huntress.
What a memory I got from meaningless crap.
Yep.
And just because you're not a harness racing official, you don't know your stuff.
I mean, so much that they don't know in South Florida and that's one of them.
Well, I'll take that as a compliment.
No.
Why do you say that?
Because I want nothing to do with horse racing.
Why not?
Um, I might, I might rather watch soccer.
Oh, I actually, I think I would rather watch soccer.
The Humper's going to come in here and kick your ass.
He's going to take his last breath right in your presence and fall on you.
I wouldn't want to be there when he fell on me.
Would you?
Nah.
The Thumper.
Anyway, here's what we got.
Rastik here in 2019.
I'm not going to read all these.
Just the top few.
If the law said you had to have religion, which one would you choose?
Most people, unfortunately, because they don't want to think for themselves or because
they figure it's all a bunch of bull crap anyway.
So we just pick whatever we were born into, you know, the luck of the draw.
Ross Defer in 2019, Buddhist 162, Jewish 159, Catholic 157.
Still a great three-way battle there between the Buddhist, the Jews and the Catholics.
I wonder what the dollar llama thinks about that.
Oh, there's swallery.
These are big, complex issues and I think.
Yeah, right.
Uh, Wicken 101.
And after that, it's small potatoes.
After that, not too many people want to be any of that stuff.
I don't blame you, by the way.
Doug Thompson is still alive.
That's the good news for Friday.
Oh!
And why, Doug, you keep plugging away.
He says, I love the name for Mercenary is Murderer.
Doug Thompson, capital of Hill Blue, Georgia's favorite website that he used to hate like
poison for some reason and I've talked him into it.
Doug says, Eric Prince, owner of the Shoe First and making excuses later group of mercenaries
called Blackwater Worldwide, formerly known as Blackwater USA, claims calling his collection
of hired killers mercenaries as a slanderous term.
I don't know if it's possible to slander a slime ball like Eric Prince.
A soldier of fortune who builds empire with his daddy's money, Prince is just another
killer for hire.
Boy, don't you hate those guys who build empire with daddy's money?
Joe?
He's also dumb as a stump when it comes to American history.
As Evan Thomas and Mark Rosenball report in Newsweek, Eric Prince likes to point out that
Elaffa had parked across from the White House, stand the sanctions of former military
officers who up to whoop the rag-tag-continent army of his shape to defeat the British and
revolutionary war.
Prince can quote the inscription under the statue of General Wilhelm von Stublin who trained
George Washington's troops at Valley Forge, Pennsylvania.
He gave military training and discipline to these citizen soldiers who achieved the
independence of the U.S.
The private soldiers employed by Prince's company Blackwater USA to protect American officials
in Iraq are in a noble tradition Prince tells Newsweek.
Indeed, the Blackwater Lafayette Park is joking we call Contractor Park.
But they'll call the Blackwater men mercenaries that's a slanderous term used by Blackwater's
detractors and inflammatory word they used to malign us as Prince.
Mercenaries, he says, are professional soldiers who work for a foreign government.
Blackwater's men are Americans working for the American government.
Never mind that von Stublin was a Prussian and the other three statues of the Marquitil
Lafayette, Kump, the Rochambu, whatever that is, some frog, and Thaddeus could use
to go on or two Frenchmen in a pole.
But you'd last two names and guess what, I don't care.
But Dumber not princes more than just another right-wing coup, says Doug Thompson with lots
of guns and no good government contract to kill at will.
Jeremy Skahill author of the book Blackwater, the world's most powerful mercenary army,
told Newsweek that Prince is a neo-crushed or a Theocon with a Christian supremacist agenda.
Which means Prince is right, right in with the madmen of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, George
W. Bush, did you range, Prince, and who seized the invasion of a raccan massacre of thousands
upon thousands of that country's civilians as a mandate from God?
Prince is private army of professional killers, operates without rules, without boundaries,
and with a full blessing of the Bush administration, still their tactics, shock, and scared, even
those they're hired to protect.
As Newsweek also reports, some American diplomats, and not a few professional soldiers in
the US military, look at scants at the heavy-handed swagger of the Blackwater guards, who often
sport go teezin' tattoos, where wraparound shades brandish their weapons and have been
owned or run anyone off the road or gets in their way.
One state department official was spoken on an arms race or was not to offend any guardians
tells Newsweek, it was one step forward in the meeting with the raccans and two steps
back as cars were getting bumped off the road on the ride home.
Prince says it's a slander to call his operatives mercenaries if anything called them mercenaries
is too kind.
Blackwater operatives are murderous thugs and doons just the kind of people we would expect
to work for and support the likes of George W. Bush.
Prince is a neo crusader, a Theocon with a Christian supremacist agenda.
I'll ride.
So is that kind of as any surprise?
Because one thing through the centuries that those good Christians have loved to do,
you know what it is?
What's that?
Kills of people.
Yeah.
Not a boy, Mo.
Mo should know.
Well, of course all of the religions, but the crusades, the good Catholics back in a
Spanish-inquisition, all of these amazing.
Good Catholic.
I beg your pardon?
I said, that's me, a good Catholic.
Yeah, that's right.
Let's go out and kill some people for Jesus.
The best out of two is neo-rodics.
4.560 km.
The fourth leader.
Know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
It's what Bob Dylan fans have been waiting for.
A brand new Bob Dylan CD.
Dylan, live from the Holy Land.
Chuckful of songs never before recorded by Bob Dylan.
Songs should have become Dylan classics, like amazing grace.
Amazing grace, how sweet person.
And from Jesus Christ superstar, I don't know how to love him.
I don't know how to love him.
And Kumbaya.
Kumbaya, Kumbaya, Kumbaya.
If you're a self-classic rock fan, you've got to get Dylan, live from the Holy Land.
And if you're by Bob CD now, you get a special Bob Dylan Christmas Carol CD.
Absolutely free.
Featuring songs like We Three Kings.
We Three Kings of all the years of...
Away in a manger.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
In a manger.
Plus heart, the Harold Angel St.
Ah, the Harold Angel St.
So for heaven's sake, go out and pick up Dylan, live from the Holy Land today.
You know, up until this moment, because I don't really pay much attention to it.
I never really thought about how stupid all those songs are.
You know, Park the Harold Angel St.
What does that mean?
Gloried to the newborn king?
Well, what is that all about?
Oh, man, I know what it's about, but it's just so freaking pathetic.
And you get your kids to sing all these stupid things every year.
And it's like, they don't know what the other time.
It's like going to the show.
You know, and they're talking in Hebrew, and nobody has any idea what they're all talking about.
Yeah, it's bad.
I mean, the brain, the human brain is an amazing thing.
Whenever a whole bunch of people are going to start using it.
Here's what Faxit says from a friend.
See, that to me, it puts me off.
How come if you're a friend, don't you have like a name?
You could make one up.
Bill?
John, Tom, Sally?
How about Roy?
You know, anything would be all right.
But just as from a friend.
I have a collection of American documents.
Many are writings of the founding fathers.
Thomas Jefferson wrote on religion, which he said,
it does mean no injury for my neighbor to say there are 20 gods or no god.
It needs to fix my pocket and or breaks my leg.
The print in this book is very small, and I would send you the whole page.
Well, thank you, friend.
Thank you, friend.
As Nancy Grace would say, there's another bitch that don't belong on here.
Nancy Grace, thank you, friend.
Well, the church these days definitely picks the pockets.
Yeah, that's for a damn sure.
They want your money, son.
And you don't even have to get up out of your chair.
I just sit there on your fat ass and turn on one of them, 80 million get ski channels.
And there's the 800 number at the bottom of the screen.
Just send them their money or credit card.
Would be good.
That would do.
It passed the fuck around.
It could get better.
It passed the plate and the, you know, how's that thing going?
Passed the plate and spread the ammunition.
Where's it the other way around?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's it.
It's an old saying from before any of us were born.
Even me.
But I must be really old and...
Wow, that's old.
Armed with signs shouting, thank God for dead soldiers, a radical anti-GUS church fancy
to resume its controversial funeral protest today, despite being ordered to pay $11 million
to the family of a fallen soldier offended by their hateful songs and slogans.
Kansas-based Westboro Baptist Church hailed Wednesday's jury verdict as yet another chance
to spread its message that God is punishing the West for its tolerance of homosexuality.
We will continue to warn you of your impending doom as long as our God gives us breath,
church leaders said in the press conference lined with biblical references and pictures
of the signs its members floated funerals.
Not only did you fail to stop our preaching but our message has gone to the entire world.
The French group of fire and brimstone backed us from Topeka, Kansas, who are a bunch of crazy people,
has been court in controversy for more than 17 years.
The church first gave national notoriety when they pick it at the funeral of Matthew Shepard,
the young Wyoming student was murdered in 1998 for being gay.
They have since picketed the funerals of Frank Sinatra and Bill Clinton's mother,
celebrated the terrorist attacks of 9-11 as the Knight of God's Wrath,
and even targeted Santa Claus and the Ku Klux Klan.
Funded in part by lawsuits against those who tried to block the protests,
and violated constitutional rights to free speech,
the church members traveled the country on the near daily basis and have held an estimated 30,000 pickets.
Their funeral protests are linked with anti-GUS slurs.
At one protest attended by AFP, five women sang in dance as they held up signs saying,
God hates fags, fag vets, and America is doomed.
The group also has a wide repertoire of songs like,
This Land is Fagland and God hates America.
This Land is Fagland, and I don't like that.
The group's presence at the funeral of dozens of soldiers across the country
sparked a grassroots movement of bikers, determined to drown out the jures and taunts.
While Westboro's congregation remained stable at around 70-100 crazy people,
most of whom are the extended family of founder Fred Phelps, the craziest of them all,
the Reichs of the Patriot Guard writers has sweltered more than 117,000 in the past two years.
Well, come up with some good hate group, man,
and there's no limit on the number of people they're going to give,
like tracking a fly swish mit pile.
If the Westboro protestors short this plan of the funerals of Sergeant Scott Turner and Norton Kansas,
and Stats Sergeant Larry Rubel and Westward Newtaw today,
there signs will be masked by an honor guard or flag waving bikers.
But the father of a soldier awarded $10.9 million on Wednesday after some Matthew's funeral was picket-edized year,
hopes the verticals one will block the protest completely.
I basically want to shut them down, said Albert Snyder.
I don't expect a collectum in dollars, but I do intend to collect everything they have.
Westboro insisted on when the case unappealed,
but Snyder's lawyers said they have a good chance of proving that the Constitutional Right to Free Speech has limits.
For example, we can't even say,
f***ing hear on the ear.
We can't even blow gas, low dirt.
The reality is that the First Amendment is about 20 years without anyone protesting funerals,
and I think it's safe to say that if this group is shut down and can't protest funerals,
the First Amendment will survive another 20 years, said Sean Summers, Stats Sergeant Turner.
You go, boys.
You go.
Goys.
What's our goal on a pool today, about 1,200 to think?
Yeah, I think so.
Not that we need to have one.
We don't need to be doing that silly crap, but nevertheless, we got 1055 now.
Slow down to a crawl, because I haven't been pushing it. 1056.
There's one.
As if.
I love the way Georgia gets all agitated, because he thinks I really care about it.
I don't really care. It's just something to do.
You know, it's something, yeah, when you're mailing it in, you gotta have something new.
Numbers, numbers, baby. All the numbers.
We're always on a lookout for a good number.
How's Sebastian doing by the way?
Not Sebastian. What's his name?
Who?
The, uh, the Stadion, the Serbian Stadion.
That's who they are.
Haven't heard from him yet, or a whole bunch of other people.
They're waiting till over the weekend on a Monday to wish me a happy birthday or that I should croak earlier.
Want one of the other?
Doesn't bother me. Wish that I croak. Pray for it.
Get a voodoo doll.
An undercover operation by the Daytona Beach Police Department in a bathroom, a mountain mall bathroom,
sent nine men to jail after they went there seeking sexual relations. Oh, no.
I sure hope they didn't run into Larry Craig.
Former Daytona Beach City Commissioner Mike Shallow, and CBS High School teacher David Bruce Belinger,
were among those arrested and charged with loot and lascivious acts and exposure of sexual organs,
like that one that was chopped off in a hostile two that I saw last night.
The charges are first to be misdemeanors.
Sears that the illusion wall on international speedway Boulevard complaint of the bathroom
is being a spot where men went to have sexual relations at investigative Jimmy Flint.
The men were arrested Thursday, not caught together, but rather alone and seeking others to join them.
They were going around like, hey, over here, like that.
And maybe they were like tapping their feet.
Maybe there's not a tap dance in Go-Wrong. You never know.
It's the dance with the stars. Maybe they're auditioning for dance with the stars, you think?
Maybe. Maybe.
I'll dance with the stars. Get them taps on your shoes. Sammy Davis will be proud, baby.
222 for the rest of her friends. Nobody's going to touch them.
And we know it's because of their profound beliefs.
Do they really believe anything other than smoking a lot?
No, but I guess that's a good religion.
Can you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
The apple of the londale season of fighting.
Boy, that's a long bit, 322.
Maybe we'll have plenty of time to squeeze that in sometime before 2 o'clock.
It is a Friday, you know.
10.59 on a pole, which you're likely to get to 1200 by 2 o'clock, just to like stick that in a footies nose.
I guess I can put it on the end.
Welcome to No Objects, 5.560 QAM.
Eight, fourth, leader.
Hey, you, West.
Man, sausage radio, 5.60 QAM.
Your community mind its hornhole station presents, ask the management.
Here, once again, you'll answer your questions.
The do-face mid-bag manager of WQAM.
And one time, boardwalk, bitchman, Jolly Jo Bells.
Ho ho, how did it go though?
One by the name of Shoeless Jo Bell back then.
Ho ho, why I still have a case of Rolex knockoff of my trunk.
Oh, let's get right here, calls.
Now, shall we?
Is this Joseph Felicia Mae Bells?
Jo Bell here?
This is a courtesy call from American Express.
Your account is six months filled in, could.
When can we expect you to make a payout?
What's your question?
The question, Mr. Bell, is when?
Oh, I've got a car here.
Oh, hello?
Yes, is this Joseph Felicia's bell?
Oh, Bell, here?
Mr. Bell, but we're about to foreclose in your house.
Oh, so we're here for real?
What's the meaning of this?
We're from the IRS.
Give us your belongings and come with us, please.
So, hey, what are you waiting for, Chum?
And W.Y.
W.Y.
You went drunk when you managed?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
I was under the influence that I could.
I ruined.
They took everything.
All I have left is my virginity.
A boy, yeah.
A little joke.
Oh, look.
I dropped a dollar.
I'll get it.
Hey, what are you?
It's...
It's a noise.
It's a noise.
It's a noise.
It's a noise.
It's a noise.
What the hell is going on?
Comforty one at five sixty, W.Y.
And that jolly joe, man, he sure gets around, any?
Correct.
Don't share a spread, it around.
Share a squeal.
Ten sixty four on the survey.
And the American dollar is in free fall.
That's all I can say.
I don't want you to get panicked or anything like that.
I don't want you to get real nervous, especially with the weekend coming.
But the loony, the Canadian dollar, is a dollar seven point one, one oh seven point one.
That's enough to make me want to just jump out on a balcony and just keep jumping.
Things going up by the day.
Oh, it's going up by the hour.
It was one oh six point, something a little while ago, and that's one oh seven point one.
And the euro is one four, just under one forty five.
So pretty soon the euro is going to be a buck and a half against the U.S. dollar.
Do you want to go to Europe, forget about it?
Correct.
Unless you're a zidian air.
And I think my traveling days in Europe may be real limited.
Is that right?
I could afford it, but I'd have to give up a whole lot of other things.
I'd give it all my money away.
Ten sixty eight on the pool.
Seventy eight minutes by the way, I still bring it up the rear.
Only three.
Well that's because most people probably like meat, you know.
When you think?
Yeah.
I mean I think most of the vegetarians are kind of like the...
Pita.
People.
I don't mind you being a vegetarian.
You eat whatever you like because at least a lot more of the good juicy meat, those great steaks and burgers for meat.
But don't try to push it off on me, you know.
That's right.
That's what physicists talk about the pita people.
They're militant about it.
Believe whatever you want, do what you want, but don't be militant and try to force it on everybody else because that really frosts my fat old nasty ass.
I don't have all that much time left, you know.
You know, I could croak this weekend.
You know, I could have a massive coronary like, oh, you never beat.
So I think the good idea would be go out and get a real good juicy steak tonight.
Like maybe in Mortons.
There's a great Morton steakhouse here in one of the downtown hotels.
I figured it's a high at hotel I think.
Never been there yet.
You've been to Mortons?
No.
Been in Atlantic City.
And?
Very good.
You are so non-toothed.
Very good.
Well, great good is like, I don't know.
It's just not that exciting to me.
I'm sorry.
Was it sensational?
Was it like a phenomenal?
Was it as good as Ruth Chris?
Yes.
Wow.
Now, that's the one in the Atlantic City.
So I don't know the other one.
So you don't remember about the one on the high hotel in Toronto?
Exactly.
It's because you've never been to Canada.
You said you were like having been to Canada.
I've been in Niagara Falls.
I've like camped through the whole, you know, along the Canadian border.
You were camped?
A long Canadian border.
You were camped right there in South Florida.
Let me tell you.
South Carolina Democrats speaking of camp squash, Stephen Colbert,
or a responsible White House bid yesterday?
Poor baby.
Colbert, who poses as a conservative talk to a host on the Comedy Central cable network,
filed to get on the ballot as a Democratic candidate in his native South Carolina.
His campaign paid a $2,500 filing fee just before the new deadlines at State Democratic Party Chairwoman Carol Fowler.
They don't come any Fowler than Carol.
However, about how, how about how Lee Fowler is doing? Is he still dead or what?
However, after about 40 minutes of discussion by Tom Fowler,
he's already officially the Executive Council voted 13 to 3 to keep the host of the Colbert Report off the ballot.
He's really trying to use South Carolina Democrats as suckers so we can further a comedy routine
said, worrying how a member of the Executive Council and Colbert serves to detract from these serious candidates on the ballot.
Oh, how many of those are there?
But State Representative Gilda Cobb, Hunter told the Committee,
Colbert could showcase the state in a way that none of the other candidates on the ballot have been able to do.
I think you're taking this a little bit too seriously, she said,
you go, honey, Gilda.
When Colbert announced his candidacy on the show last month, he said he would run only in this key primary state of South Carolina.
He said that any plan to run as a Democrat and a Republican so we could lose twice.
The GOP filing fee is 35 grand that Edline was last night didn't file, and I want to guess.
Democrats say he'll get his $1,500 back.
Isn't that great?
Yes.
Poor Steven Colbert. Back in the 60s we used to have Pat Paulson who was a late night, you know,
he was on like a bunch of different comedy shows, Steve Allen show.
Pat Paulson, he was always running for president, he was a joke candidate.
Do you like Steven Colbert?
No, he's okay.
Oh, I'm excited.
You usually don't like anyone, you know, new.
You mean like John Stewart?
Right.
It's not a question whether I like him or not, it's a question whether I've ever heard him say anything funny or I like that show
and I've seen it several times now.
And to me it's just a bunch of people on laughing gas in the audience who are all pumped up.
And every time he says anything they do, you know, there's a million of those shows.
That's right, that's all the other three audiences always howling and carrying on.
And you know, all the late nights shows are like that, everybody's drunk stone.
But I just, I don't know, Colbert is okay.
He's done a couple of things that were impressive to me.
But if you get a chance to watch the White House correspondence speech, yeah, that'll do it for you.
Okay.
I didn't say I didn't like him.
I never said that, but you're trying to put words in my mouth to make me seem like an old funny dutty, you know.
Well, you're not a big fan of anyone new on the block in any department, whether they're broadcasting or like...
Like who, Jay Leno?
Anybody, like, you know, there's a, you're kind of in the past with who's good and who's not, you know what I mean?
That's correct.
And you want to know why?
Because what most of what's on now sucks.
Most of what's on now blows, okay?
Everything is relative.
And if there weren't any of these other people in the past who were very funny and very creative, like Steve Rowland and Jack Parm, people like that,
then people like Jay Leno maybe would be a funny to somebody, or Jimmy Kimmel or people like that, who aren't the least bit funny, but nonetheless.
Do you find those people funny?
Well, Jimmy Kimmel's not funny on his show, but he's really good on like roasts.
Oh, great.
Things like that.
That's roast is ass then.
Maybe he's a roast at you.
Oh, what?
1076 votes on a pool. I think we're going to make our, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know. Maybe there was a little bit unrealistic on a Friday.
We had a really good start though.
Yes, we did.
Because this is something that everybody could stick to or teeth and do.
And of course it's a non-dolphin weekend so that often it's not going to lose this weekend.
People should be in pretty good mood and should be all whipped up for my birthday on Monday.
All that money you were going to spend going to the bars and stuff like that, all the sports bars and stuff.
All that money sent it to me and said for my birthday, I can lose it or would buy it.
Having vaccines Wednesday night, boy now of course it's only Friday.
That was a bad experience.
You want to think about the $5 machines, man.
You know the word for them?
What?
Dangerous.
If you get a, not just a bad machine, but if you get a few, there were people around me.
You know, I'm trying these different $5 wheel fortunes and I just was never at the right one at the right time.
Some jackass comes along.
He gets $2,000 on the wheel.
Then this drunken middle eastern guy comes along.
He's talking to himself.
Oh, give me just one more.
Give me one more.
And he gets $5,500 on the wheel.
Now you asked it.
It's the $5 machine.
How many coins max?
Two. Every 10 hit the button.
It's 10 bucks.
10 bucks, okay.
So you can lose 100 bucks like that.
Faster and you can fart.
Or you can do a cut of raspberry.
Let's be nice.
So it's a dangerous man.
It's a big upside, a much bigger upside, but also a much better downside.
And then I went out and I played the 25, the quarter machines, the digital ones, you know.
And I won 600 bucks in about five minutes.
Got you back?
I'm a quarter machine.
Now I took it all back to the $5 machine and gave it all back.
Not good.
Stay away from the $5 machine, man.
Unless you're a zindian air and you can afford to go in there and just, you know, punch your guts out.
But if you're a zindian air, you're never going to win enough money that's going to make any difference anyhow.
It was just a deflating experience.
You know what I say?
A fool in his money or some part of gambling is evil, baby.
Let's just sit around and praise the Lord.
Let's hold hands and praise the Lord.
That's what time you go in today?
Probably tonight.
I'll meet you there.
Okay.
You can bring your last six weeks pay and we can play the penny machines.
They have a penny wheel of fortune with a big wheel, makes a lot of noise.
A penny wheel of fortune?
Yeah.
Oh, Jesus.
I think it's a two cent job.
But the deal is you've got to play 40 credits times, no, I see, 40 lines times five credits in order to get the maximum.
So that's like two bucks.
It's $2.01.
Yeah, like two or four bucks or whatever.
No, it's four bucks.
So it's a four dollar machine, even though you think you're playing a two cent machine.
Unless you just want to play like one at a time, which you don't get any spin, you don't get anything.
But it kills him a good time, you know.
$1080 on the pool, $1,080 votes.
What would you rather be?
How about that any of these that would rather be dead?
We're not going to put that on there, but I don't want to be forced to be some religious faker.
Okay, I don't want to be standing on a street corner, handing out pamphlets like crazy people.
You know what I was, all those people who do that, one thing they have in common, they're all crazy.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm just...
$2.65,000.
You are a big fourth leader.
You...
Yeah!
Tonight's the scariest place is on Earth.
In the summer of 2007, passengers ready to board a flight at Minneapolis State Power Airport
were shaking by a terrifying event in the menstrual.
I was in the stall right here, kind of, you know, minding my own business, doing my business,
and our flight was leaving in about five minutes.
And I heard this tapping.
It sent shells up more than my spine.
It's happened to me before, too.
You know, I saw him.
There was a man standing there, erect in the stall, and he scared the daylights out of me.
Congress tonight, the incident ever happened.
You know, I tell my friends about it, but they don't really want to leave me.
But I know what I experienced in this menstrual here at the airport.
That's tonight's the scariest place is on Earth.
12.45 at 5.60 every 2.9.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
Some days this show goes flying by like re-slightening, and other days like today.
Wow!
How long have we been here?
About 20-30 hours?
Yes, I'm like that.
Seems like that.
Oh, that's awful.
Is it just mirrors?
No, you know what?
Today has seemed really long.
Dragging.
We've even been dragging.
Maybe if we'd stuck some phone calls in here, like I did on Tuesday.
There you go.
Let's see what we got going.
I don't think that might change the pace a little bit.
I don't have a huge pile of stuff here, but I just...
I don't know.
I feel like I've been working overtime today.
I don't have to do that.
Weekend of your birthday, you know?
No, that's a quick break.
I don't want to be doing that.
Then I moved all my energy for pushing those buttons there on the machines monitor.
Would buy.
Take some calls, spin some wax.
You know, what about that?
No, I don't want to spin any wax.
Okay, don't start with that George crap.
Why not?
Why do I want to spin some wax?
Oh, I just messed up.
That's our cop out.
George.
No, he only did that on whatever that holiday was or whenever.
He did it on holiday.
Or when Lucy Lopez isn't there.
Lucy, 56650560.
So I got to wait for that 42nd lady catch-ups of these clowns.
No, that I might take their calls.
Because I'm sure they got a lot to say.
Like they always do.
And Tom 560 and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
We'll take a few.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, happy birthday.
What's your birthday?
Monday.
Happy birthday to you again, fast.
Okay, thanks.
Shmup.
Well, there's a couple of good calls to get it started and that's about all we got.
Oh, well.
Yeah, it's a, well, you wanted them, Josh.
That's it.
That's a middleium.
Jamba?
And that guy was alright.
So you didn't want to call, wish me happy birthday.
They think I'm taking calls on Monday and have like four hours of people saying, happy birthday, Neil.
You owe a fag or whatever, you know.
That's not compelling radio like footy, you know.
He must do really compelling radio.
How can he be on the year?
I just, I don't get it.
Everybody's a talk show host.
Everybody's saying, you know, like all the ex-jocks.
I mean, they can be on the year, I guess he can, right?
At least he's kind of a sort of broadcaster, sort of.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy birthday on behalf of all of your fans out there.
We all listen to all hardworking people and we love you and you make our lives brighter.
Thank you so much.
Alright, nothing but a play.
Thank you.
Bye.
I don't know if it's appropriate to say happy birthday when somebody's turning 65.
Oh, geez.
Yeah, why not?
How about condolences, Neil or something like that?
You old fart.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
I've been listening to you since K-A-C.
Oh, wow.
You must be old too, that, huh?
I'm getting there, man.
I grew up with you.
You know, what's the status, you know, and the reason I'm asking this is what happened with
Hank, what happened with Eddie Kaplan.
I listened to it very well last night.
What's the status?
Well, wait a minute.
Eddie can't have a farewell last night?
Yeah, he said he gave his own airfare well before midnight.
I mean, it used to be choosing Zostner and it turned it into the fourth right.
Yeah.
He would hate going in and, and, and I know Eddie, you know, I like Eddie a lot.
He's a good guy and that's an important thing and, and his show is something different at least.
Yeah.
And, uh, that's for sure.
Yeah, I know.
But, you know, so what did he say?
What did Eddie say?
I wonder, this is the first time hearing about this.
This is a news to all of us.
He thanked his, uh, his audience and his sponsors.
He took like the last ten minutes segment of his show.
He said he's going to go, he'll take some time off.
Maybe go to Vegas.
He said, just a great town called Las Vegas.
He might go visit.
Um, and then he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he might, you know, do their after.
There might be opportunities for him in this market.
He just didn't know and that was pretty much it.
Wow.
He just sat down to earth and, and humbled, you know, nothing, uh, no, no finger-point or anything like that.
He was very classy.
Well, good for him.
Good luck, Eddie.
You'll need it.
So, what's the deal with you, um, you know, I mean, are you lost in the QIM for the time to be coming or what's going on?
Yeah, for another, uh, 13 months, 14 months, whatever the hell it is for an eternity, 14 months.
It's not the world either.
Like, it's not going to look like sports right.
Okay, I'd like to ask, Pally, thank you so much.
Oh, I don't want to get depressed now.
So Eddie K. is all gone.
We wish him nothing but the best.
He's a great guy, boring show, but nevertheless, good guy.
It'd be good if someone told us that, you know, what?
That Eddie K. is gone?
Yes, nice that somebody in the audience called it and said,
lucky thing we took to Crosor, we wouldn't know anything about it.
If there's no memo, there's nothing, there's nothing, nothing, period.
There's nothing in the very Jackass has no calm today.
Tom Jicco, of course, sold his radio to buy a hair piece.
I mean, what are we talking about here?
Clarence.
We're out of the loop.
They tell us nothing.
That's why, if you look at the schedule, for example, for the weekend,
ESPN radio is all over the place starting at 2 o'clock in the morning tonight.
ESPN radio, maybe that's what they're going to do.
It's just, simulcast ESPN radio 24-7.
They're blowing a hopper out of there in Eddie K.
And then probably they won't renew Mina next year,
which is fine with me because it's time to retire.
That's what Brandon said.
And the mad dog, I think the mad dog is the only one left.
And now we got Joe back, but Joe has been gone twice.
But the mad dog's the only one that survived, you know, steady
over the whole period of time.
They'll find some reason.
All right.
All the dolphins stinks, so we don't want you on there, mad dog,
because you remind everybody that dolphins are some stupid crap like that.
They'll come up with some garbage.
Because one thing they've done is a burn and destroy mission.
The likes of which nobody has ever seen.
And I was going, jolly, Joe, you're almost making a clean sweep.
Idiot.
WQAM, hello.
You know, Neil, I didn't understand what your last call it.
What does it mean by the fourth right?
What does that mean?
I don't...what does that actually mean of fourth right?
Because...
Well, in other words, killing off all the Jews on you.
The third rash, you know, Hitler and Germany.
Look at up in the book.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Hahaha.
Who do they be good?
They are good, you're right.
Not as good as they used to be, but they're good.
WQAM, hello.
And Neil, how you doing, bud?
Okay, paly.
How you doing, bud?
Thanks.
Listen, I was looking at a book and it's called a store photograph of Miami.
And they got a photograph.
I guess it's factoring the warriors.
And right in the middle of the table, there's a microphone that says QAM on it.
And for the...I guess whoever wrote the books of many years is that it's now the home of Miami Radio icon Neil Rogers on that.
Wow.
You know what? I'm sure it's a feather in my ear. I'll tell you.
I'm sorry.
I said, have a great day.
Come to QAM, hello.
Melee.
Yeah.
Congratulations, man.
I want to wish you a early congratulations for your birthday Monday.
I won't be able to call.
Thank you.
I won't have a mistake.
Okay, I'll go on the wrong way.
I'll go on the wrong way.
Magnolia.
Yeah.
And then tell George how much I love the ending the next day.
Okay, see you.
Well, I don't want to overdo it, you know.
We got a thousand ninety votes on the pool.
If they really get with it, we could do our 1200.
1093.
Slow down dramatically, though.
I will say that.
1093.
No, we had a real...we had a shoe in for 12 right now.
It's a little bit...
Well, it's still less than two.
Like I said, come into QAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What's your blood sugar today?
Triic.
Oh, are you ready?
You ready them down?
No, I've got some good advice for you.
Okay, 156.
Too high, but better than a husband.
Oh, that's not too bad.
That's a good...
You know what's a good diet?
Corn and butter.
Oh, yeah.
It stops the...it fills you up.
Corn is pure starts, sir.
It's pure starts.
It's in your blood sugar skyrocketing.
Are you diabetic?
Nobody's here.
Yeah, but I...
Yeah, you're going to be dead soon, sir.
I'll clear that right now.
Corn and butter my ass.
I mean...
Yeah, that's John and Davey.
That's John and Davey.
That's John and Davey.
That's still in the show killer.
How do you know who that is?
Because he's a chronic on the sports side.
Oh, my God.
They talk to a guy like that.
On the sports show, he was no wonder we got like a digit slide.
Well, he's cursing out when I wouldn't put him on a show that I was working.
He's like, everyone else puts me on them like,
oh, mom.
We don't want to put you on.
Okay, don't ever call this show again, John, from Davey.
Go take your corn card.
Correct them.
Clean your butt with it.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, everybody.
Davey.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
How are you today?
Great.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call.
You know, the colors are the reason why you have the program.
So, you know, keep answering the phone call.
Wait a minute.
Well, the colors are the reason that I still have the program.
What does that mean?
If the colors are doing the white half of the...
Get out of here.
Get lost.
The colors are the reason that, oh, I have the program.
What kind of a line is that?
You mean all six of them?
The colors are the reason that I'm going to be dead in a few months.
You idiot.
The colors are the reason that I have the program.
How many months since I really took any calls?
You know, months and months and months.
And then previous to this, there was a period I went seven months without calls.
We did just fine.
And in fact, then I didn't even know how to do it the way I'm doing it now.
But back then it was okay.
We didn't have jargonic numbers.
But it's better than talking to the same three people every single day.
Chamba?
How's that?
We've already had two of them.
Great, Choneo.
You're a moron, sir.
You're totally...
You're probably Joe Bell's boyfriend, wouldn't surprise me.
He wants to hear the interaction between you and the colors.
What you know about this show, Fat Jolly Joe,
you could stick in a thimble and have room for your fat ass leftover.
His name...
The best talent.
You're his new reject.
4.560 QAM.
The...
That's 4th leader.
Under 2 hours.
Right now on end of day of the night.
And I, a woman, is facing indecent exposure charges from some unusual circumstances.
Federal officials say they found 47-year-old Craig McCullough lying in a restroom with his pants down next to quote,
an anatomically correct inflatable doll.
And it's not his first brush with the lawn.
2005 he was convicted of robbing the Cedar Rapids bridal boutique.
Just after the burglary police found him in a nearby alley carrying a mannequin wearing a bridal gown.
Great, the UPS truck is here with my safe for tonight.
My side of it on the down.
She's my very sensual.
But because she's got no genitals.
She feels sensational.
Cause her mouth is electrical.
Heaven fuck with my girl friend, there's always a cinch.
When she's broke, that's a fire.
He's five pounds per square inch.
She used to be fun for me till she busted.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
Yeah, she's a real doll, she's made of silicon.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
Yeah, she's a real doll, she's made in Taiwan.
I fuck myself, samurai.
They all look identical.
Her panties are edible.
And two bases for my mom.
It was just her face.
So you know how I felt.
She got friction burns and started to melt.
She used to be fun for me till she ignited.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
Oh no, how it has been died.
Don't know how.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
Oh no, how it has been died.
She's a real doll.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
102 at 560 WDQM.
It was an interesting thing with the call.
Like I said, once in a while I'll turn that monitor on and reach over and do the stupid thing.
It was okay.
Had its moments.
And then the last guy, he convinced me that, okay, that's enough.
And not for today.
You're still on the show because of the callers.
You know, it takes a tremendous amount of talent to reach over and punch one of these buttons up and say,
here's John and Miramar or here's Sally in plantation or some stupid crap like that.
Takes no talent.
None.
Zero.
A monkey could do it if he could speak.
Am I right?
People don't turn on anybody's show because of the callers.
People turn on somebody's show because they want to hear somebody whoever it might be.
So to give me a song and an answer, it's silly old fart.
See, I'm an old fart but I can't stand old fart.
You know what I mean?
I don't care about how old you are.
It all depends on your state of mind.
But if your behavior is that of an old fart, a grumpy old piece of turd, I don't want it to do with you.
Like that John from David your right.
What's the guy?
Yeah, John from David.
Go away John from David.
We don't want you on this show.
We don't want you on this station.
We don't want you in the community.
We don't want you on this planet.
Go to your reinies.
Okay, John?
Take your corn and your butter and stick them back home where the moon don't shine.
I'm maniac.
That would be like saying what you know, the best thing is like 16 candy bars a day would get your blood sugar down real good to be real healthy, Neil.
Corn.
Pure carbs.
And then the sad part of it is I love corn.
Wow, don't you like corn on a cob or just even a corn with butter?
Yes, I do.
Oh, the dollar, the industrial's are up 30 points now.
Look at that big turn around and the dollar is falling like a like a rock from the top of the Empire State Building.
Thank you, Mr. President for those low gas prices and a worthless crappy American dollar.
That's just oh.
So speaking of the Virgin Mary on Totino's pizza,
almost 5 million Totino's and genos frozen pizzas with pepperoni toppings are being recalled because the pepperoni may be contaminated with E. coli.
General mill said yesterday I saw them hyperventilating about this on the news.
I like my papi runny baby.
Who does he?
To me, just like plain cheese pizza.
I don't know.
I'm just just not for me.
Yeah, that's like vanilla ice cream.
No, yeah, I would say so.
Plus I can't eat the crust anyway.
So if you're going to just eat the toppings, which is a smart way to go, Chris,
like with the fork, no, that's the way to do it.
That's tough.
Speaking of fat people in this business, I remember years ago, Larry Kent used to order like a whole pizza,
like a pepperoni and cheese pizza, and he would take a fork and just eat the topping from the whole pizza.
He's dead by the way.
That's ridiculous.
Why is that?
Well, I don't, never mind.
No, tell me why it's ridiculous.
I don't have to worry about it.
I just, that's crazy.
Eating, ordering a whole pizza and just eating the cheese in the topping.
Yeah, that's tough.
It's tough.
I would have died sooner.
I would think if he would have eaten the crust.
I don't know.
He's dead.
General Mills, which owns the Totino's and Geno's brand, said to me, call effects about 414,000
cases of pizza products.
Currently in stores, and all similar pizza products, they might be consumers' freezers.
Each case contains 12 pizzas.
I'm just passing this along in case any of you people have this crap in your freezer.
Hello, Totino's isn't that bad.
I don't know about Geno's.
Do you have avigenos, frozen pizza?
No.
What about Totino's?
How about your criss-haz?
How about your criss-haz?
How about your criss-haz eating every food product that they've ever invented?
No.
No?
What about corn?
I like corn.
Roast the corn with butter, little bit.
I like to go out on the grill and take and wrap it in tin-forged, you know, that Indian corn?
The best corn actually is white corn.
That's the sweetest.
Do you like it?
I can get some sweet jerseys corn, man.
Mmm, baby.
The possibly E. coli contamination was uncovered by state and federal authorities investigating 21 E. coli related illnesses in 10 states.
By the way, on the pool we got 1106.
We got a shot at our 1200.
We at least made 1100 a day.
That's not bad on the Friday.
Friday is generally a kind of a dim day.
A lot of people go away for the weekend.
I don't know what it is.
Although I notice this show is sold out every day.
Next grade, and I don't have to do all those pinnly as live spots.
We leave those for Joe and, uh, what's his name?
Eddie Jackson in the morning.
General Mills said 9 of the 21 people reported having eaten totinos or genos pizza with pepperoni topping at some point before coming ill.
Wow.
The people became ill between July 20 and October 10.
They all recovered though.
Nobody died.
Wouldn't that be terrible way to die from eating a papi rune pizza?
Yes.
The people didn't have packages with date codes or other information General Mills needs to narrow down which pizzas might be affected.
General Mills spokesman Tom Forsyth said that, uh, for some of the same reason the company couldn't determine which of its suppliers provided the papi rune.
E. coli is a potentially deadly bacteria that can cause bloody diarrhea and dehydration.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Is bloody diarrhea?
Bloody diarrhea.
I've actually jolly joe has got a lot of that, especially when the numbers come out every month.
Wild screaming bloody diarrhea.
The very young seniors and persons with compromised immune systems are the most vulnerable to foodborne disease.
The very young, the very old, and whatever.
And the ugly.
The recall includes 8 types of totino's brand frozen pizza and 3 types of genos brand frozen pizza with pepperoni topping or pepperoni combination with other toppings.
The frozen pizzas were produced in well-stinne Ohio plant distributed throughout the U.S.
Forsyth said the company had been determined to cost the recall.
Wow.
What a shame.
If you got your totino's and genos, my best advice is to go to the freezer and throw it out.
When it doubts throw it out, baby.
Papi rune the only.
If you got like sausage and cheese, then do whatever you like.
1112 votes on the poll on which religion would you pick if you had to pick one?
Speaking of religious crazy people, the Osama bin Laden video released this past September 7,
just prior to the 6th anniversary of 911, has provoked widespread suspicions of fraud.
Wow.
In particular, bin Laden's beard, which was gray and ragged in the video released just before the 2004 election,
is thick black and neatly trimmed in the new footage.
The video aroused widespread suspicions that bin Laden's beard had been faked in some way,
with former White House counter-terrorism advisor Richard Clark even speculating
that bin Laden had shaved in order to hide out in a country like Indonesia,
where Muslim men don't wear beards and had then paced down a false beard for the video.
He's wearing falsies.
More recently, it's been noted that all but a small portion of the 25-minute video consists of still images,
including the section where it mentions current events suggesting the possibility that old footage has been doctored to seem new.
They doctored it, just like they did across the street in the July trend.
Boy, they got some real, they got a real awakening coming on November 21,
you know, then let's get another bunch of wire diaries, which I doubt.
I mean, in July, everybody in South Florida, even people even fetus is re-listing to the ticket.
People haven't been born yet, we're listening over there. Joel,
then he's going to get pissed off when the numbers come out and that July drops off
because it's going to be August, September, October, and then he's going to go beat somebody up again, no doubt.
Computers, and like I said, you notice how that story had no legs at all, and it was there, and then it just vanished.
No follow-up, no nothing.
Then I seem a little bit strange to you, of course, just because they're in bed with everybody in the media.
There must be coincidences.
Computer security consultant Neil Crawwitz told NBC News that the latest Osama video is strikingly similar to the previous 2000 for release,
apparently used the same studio setting and clothing, but that the beard itself doesn't appear to be false.
Other video analysts are in disagreement about whether the videos could have been recorded at the same time,
and if so, how to explain the difference in Belaudon's beard?
Fox News spoke about the controversy to David Gartinstein-Ross, vice president for research at the foundation for the defense of democracies.
David Gartinstein-Ross, I wonder if he's candy alien or Ross Rosanna Dana.
I'm not an expert on video analysis, he said I don't have a view as to whether or not this video is pre-recorded,
although why the hell did they put in the story for Christ's sake? You people at Ross Story? They've good stuff at Ross Story. It's pretty raw.
However, he expressed more self-assurance on the question of Belaudon's beard saying there were only certain circumstances under Islamic law,
whether you were allowed to dye your beard black. One of these is a tool of war to make yourself seem like a more formidable opponent.
Maybe the dolphins ought to do that.
The exception itself is only a lot under certain circumstances under Islamic law, he said,
Al-Qaeda may well have thought that it was permissible to go ahead and record a great deal of video in case Belaudon is still alive,
but unable to appear on video, or maybe he's not even still alive. Who the hell knows?
We did a hell of a job smoking a lot of his holes and going out there and getting the evil doers, these folks, these folks that knock these buildings down.
We're going to go out and smoke a lot of their holes. Right. A lot of smoke, all right. A lot of holes is a word that goes in front of it, I can't say ass.
Al-Qaeda, I've worked for 30 years because some effing Nigger heard us say Nigger in turn is in the Aquarium Magazine. Our career is over, I'm not taking that chance at all.
And he has stopped the series and it's tracks but hasn't canceled it while all the hands are out, the dog is apologized and promised to make things.
That's the bounty hunter said that all these years not going to allow some N to how do you like that? Wow.
What would you expect from a guy like that anyway? Does the impress you has been a real redneck? Well, yeah, not to mention he's all iced up all the time.
Ice up? Yeah. What would you know about that? I don't know anything about that.
Oh, dog the bounty hunter, I'm going to say A&E which we used to be like an intellectual network. You know, they used to have like a lot of artsy, artsy stuff on there.
It's some pretty interesting stuff and they still got like biography stuff on there and some pretty good shows once in a while.
But now it's like the tattoo thing inked, you know, and then the what's the guy with the illusionist? What could it be?
Oh, Chris Angel. Oh my god.
And then they got this dog the bounty hunter, at least they did have. But I think he used the N word a few times too many there and they're going to like fry his ass big time.
That's a lonean, that's a lonean, Timothy, Timothy, Tyler, Dylan, Peter, James, Peter, Peter John, John, Peter, Revelation.
Alright, that good old time religion, baby, that's where it be at. That's what's all about. How are we doing on the pool, Chris? We're going to make our 1200 or what? Yeah, of course we.
I got some bad news for him. 120. Oh, we got bad news. What is that? How many stories have you sent me today?
A bunch. Okay, you're going to have to re-send those to me.
Oh! I accidentally deleted the folder. So I just had to, you know, fix it up again. So I'm good now. I got my Neil Rogers folder again.
Did you hear the fump? That was him hitting the ground.
Just go ahead and send those. What do you mean just go ahead and send those?
Go ahead and re-send them. Won't take you long. Next break.
I guess I can go to my outlook. If you start to do, right?
Recend all of those. That was just saying. I'm not even going to call the original stories again. Are you a crazy person or what?
Yes.
Well, what is wrong with you this week? You're the guy that's always begging me for money, which I don't mind. You're a good guy.
I'm begging you for money. I'm begging you for money.
I forgot what day it was, but the one day you had the stories on like at 9 o'clock in the morning, we're still finishing it up.
That was yesterday because you're Halloween night to drunkenness. That's right.
And then today I send you a bunch of stuff for tomorrow, which you know, you know I'm always like well ahead during the show.
Before the show and during, I'm sending you stuff to put on there for tomorrow. Right.
And I would estimate that it probably sent you a dozen anyway. At least.
I'd say that's a good amount.
Oh, some of the would just send those and it's like the world is coming to win. Don't say anything more.
Well, I tell you what, I'll make an exception if the world's coming to an end.
I got some good news for you, Neil. Yes. You don't have to resend them.
Why is it that he has a copy? So he'll he'll take every single. Who has it? Eric.
Thank you, Eric. See the best. He Eric's not difficult. He is the best damn fat guy. I mean, it ever came down the pike.
Thank you. That's all to me. Thanks, Eric.
So never mind, Neil. Never mind.
You mean the check? No, not the check.
Just remember December, December. Don't do it this month. Remember the story. Chris, we had about the fight over that guy's fake leg that wouldn't ever win.
Yeah. The barbecue and everything. Here we go. Shannon Wisman already has two legs.
And on Thursday yesterday, Judge Greg Mathis said that's enough. This is in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The leg Mathis said when the decision aired yesterday evening on his reality television court program belongs to John Wood, who was born with it.
Wisman walked away with five grand. Oh, Judge Mathis. I know that guy. You're not getting that leg Mathis told.
Wisman, I'm not giving you the man's leg. I guess it was appropriate that I watched hostile two last night.
Don't watch it by the way, folks, unless you just interblood and guts. There's no story. It's real crap, although there are a couple of boobies.
Wood and Wisman, and there's also a penis in there too, gets chopped off. I shouldn't have told you that.
Okay. And then at the end of one check, her head, you know, those, you see you saw the first one.
There are little kids that kept running around, scaring everybody demanding chewing gum. And I remember them. Yes.
Well, this movie, there are a lot more than this movie that beaten people up. And at the end, after the tickets, their head chopped off and it's rolling around on the ground.
They use it as a soccer ball and they're kicking it all around the movie. Oh, cool. Yeah. Now you might like it.
One in Wisman had been vying for ownership of the appendage in September 25 when Wisman bought a barbecue smoker at a maiden auction and opened it up to find wood's leg, the foot five toes ankle and most of the calf inside.
And that barbecue smoker. Wood's leg was amputated after 2004 playing crash and he had been keeping it at in the smoker's storage unit with his other belongings.
But actually failed to pay 550 bucks in rental fees. The owner of the facility auctioned off his things, including his leg.
And even though Wisman got five grand, which was paid through Judge Mathis out of the deal, he would have rather walked away with two left feet.
He told the observer yesterday. He'd opened a museum. He said, displaying the leg for a fee, 10 bucks for adults, 5 bucks for seniors, 3 bucks for kids, and nothing for amputees and showcase other out of these as well.
Well, why would go to see subdued leg? They wouldn't. I don't think.
On Thursday, Wisman refused to say how much he paid for the smoke unless he was given money for the information.
The decisions made by Mathis are binding publicist Christine D. Joy said and Wood and Wisman agreed not to file the same lawsuit and any other jurisdiction.
Would ask for five grand promotional distress, the cases caused which Mathis did not. I wonder if it was a wood leg.
I think that you all quite frankly are enjoying this Mathis and Wood it is admitted as much. It's just crazy. I haven't had a fun time with a wood set yesterday.
But I apologize to the world for this because a lot of people don't want to hear about it. Now we like hearing about it. I think it's a great story.
What kind of fun was you having with that leg? That's fun fighting over some guy's leg that got chopped off long ago.
I mean, if you just got chopped off last week, I don't think it would be so funny. I'm not saying it's funny, but it's funny.
Oh, there's Totino's. They just showed the box of pizza and that one had the Virgin Mary. I've seen it. Oh my God. There she was.
Bear Calibre. There was the Virgin Mary. All spray eagle and everything. 1126 on the pool. We're not going to make 1200. We need two a minute.
We got it slow down to a freaking crawl and you know something since it's the calls that make the show since I took those stupid calls, all of a sudden the show has come to a crawl from the calls.
Hey, it's not a right to get on the that guy needs to be in these in slow hockey. That guy the last call I took with you.
The reason I still got the show is because of the colors. You should live so long you miserable old bastard.
The reason I have the show is because of the colors. Right. What the colors have done to me. I wouldn't wish on Hitler and and curr.
Currie and Kerry whatcha did? You know and colder. 11 man colder 1126. We need 74 votes and it's not moving either.
I think Eric in addition to the likes sending you the stories he put the foot on a break just just so he's not too good to me today.
Hey, do it as a birthday present to me Eric. Let's take your foot off the break.
If the law said you had to have a religion which one would you choose?
Rostafferian 237 Buddhist 180 Jewish 172 Catholic 171 the Catholics are right on the Jews' ass.
Wicked 110. What's the Wicked thing there? What is that?
They're wicked people. No, when we got a lot of those. Methodist 48 Episcopate in 46. I'm going to Episcopate it off about that.
What'd you say? You heard me.
Baptist 34, Santeria 27, Mormon 19, Hindu 18, Shinto 16, Scientologist 15, to which I say,
Jew fairy. Muslim 10, your home is witnessate, Pentecostal 7, Christian 5 and 7th day Adventists still only the same three.
They're not moving that the delicious would not taste crap. 1127.
Yeah, Loma Linda, that's the brand from I guess they must be their headquarters.
That's a few hundred thousand. You'll see it in a freezer. You might want to try it sometime.
That's okay.
Why do you say that?
I told you that I need you to, I'm sure you're a fat cow, so you don't care about you know.
They have, they have breakfast, I used to buy them actually, they're not that bad. Breakfast to patties that are like vegetarian.
They're like a bunch of vegetables smushed into like a patty.
Actually, I like a patty melt myself. Oh boy, don't you love a patty melt sandwich?
See, I had three great days in a row. I'm going to do it again today. I'm going to give you a great steak.
It's the way to go man.
And maybe some soup, some nice soup and a big juicy steak.
What more do you need? You know, eat some meats, stay away from the treats.
It's good, I like that.
Yeah.
Neater treat, that's going to be next Halloween, meter treat.
Where are you going to go around saying that though?
Catholic Church.
It's bad.
Near City Councilman Eric Joya or Zegoya.
Joya City supports a call for an investigation of former Mayor Rudy Giuliani's failure to provide near city firefighters with radios that could save lives on 9-11.
The facts in the case are collected in a recent short story video, a short video documentary from Brave New Films called The Real Rudy Radios.
I'll do everything in my part to get answers to get the truth.
Councilman Giuliani announced that for receiving a BNF launch petition with 20,000 names on it, there needs to be accountability.
Giuliani did nothing to improve the New York City Fire Department's radio performance for seven years after the World Trade Center Attack of 93, the Giuliani Administration and Awarded Motorola with a no-bid contract for new radios that were not field tested, did not work properly and were immediately pulled from the field.
As a consequence of the inability of the firefighters and equated radios to receive police broadcast, firefighters in the North Power never received and learned from an NYPD helicopter that the building was in danger of collapse and remained in place while police officers have activated the buildings to let school the 121 firefighters.
Many firefighters in New York City and across the country are very hostile to Giuliani's presidential bid and accuse him of derelict behavior and unfair favoritism toward the police.
One fire battalion Chief Jim Riches who lost his son Jim in the attack on the World Trade Center is especially angry about Giuliani, he's turned this morning over the loss of his son into becoming a relentless opponent of Rudy Giuliani's campaign.
With other families of 9-11 victims Riches is vowed to torpedo Giuliani's prospects of winning the White House by attacking his greatest sources of strength, his reputation as a hero that day.
We're going to follow him around the country which is said we want all of America to know he's not the man he'd be seeing here.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The sports leader.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
The best talent he ever has in the world is 435-60QAM.
I think we're going to do it.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
I think we're going to fall short.
Oh!
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my bare-and-flow.
It is very plain to see.
My first cousin is me.
Oh!
You're very good.
Okay, I'm going to make a last ditch ever now.
By the way, thanks to Pete the board office.
I mean, I was birthday thing.
And he says, I'm going to send you a W1 Z1 demog signed by David Hossley.
Yeah, and looks like we've got three birthday cards here.
No, come on.
I swear to you.
Wow.
Like, listen to this again.
Okay, well, in the meantime, I want you to add something to the pool real fast.
I don't want to.
Just be words, I don't want to.
I don't want to.
Right.
If the law said you have to have a religion which would you choose, I don't want to.
That would be it.
I wish I could revote.
If we didn't have that under from the beginning, we'd have made it.
We're not going to make it now though.
We got 1162.
And there's bush screaming like a mad man.
And all the troops just in Fort Jackson.
Hey, hello.
The United States they're speaking a lot of Fort Jackson.
Now, presently, this is the president.
Wow.
Popped Roosevelt.
Look what we got.
Anyway, you add that on there?
Yeah, I don't see anything happening yet.
Don't write that.
Hold on.
I don't want it.
I don't want it on all the capitals or...
I don't care.
When you put it on there, you idiot.
What that was wrong with you.
You're just stalling so we don't make it.
You're fired, baby.
You're out.
Not.
It's not seriously.
So, would you get with it?
Yeah, it's on there.
It's not on there.
Oh, I don't want it.
There it is for all the heathens like us.
Now, you've got a place to go.
Now, it's too late now.
It's 14.0.2.
You think we're going to get 38 votes in 14 minutes?
You're the dreaming man.
Hey, baby.
You're in a dream world.
You're in La La Land.
Well, look where we're.
I think you've been hanging around clearance too long.
I say look where I work.
And maybe it's fat ass Johnny Joe Bell.
Maybe those people are starting to rub off on you.
I don't see anybody voting for I don't want it.
And you know why?
Why?
They don't want it.
Well, it has been a 40 seconds left.
Yeah, it's on there for already.
What are you talking about?
For already, Mr. Hodge, right?
If we had that on the beginning, we'd be going for 40 million votes now on that poll.
So, just leave it on till Monday.
This is the poll for over the weekend.
Oh, okay.
But I'll change it over the weekend.
I don't want to leave this on there the whole time.
What's it going to be over the weekend?
Why do you want to know?
Well, I'm just curious.
I have no idea.
Oh, well, what do you want it to be?
I think he was coming to tease it.
And you got a full idea?
What we call it, teeter.
No, I don't.
I'm sure you got like 300 of them that are probably on the choice from somebody.
Oh, this is Brandon's other choice.
Other than the old classic fun, your Roger show what you missed most about Good South Florida radio.
He's got Rick and Suds, QAMFUN, or the QMFUN war of the 60s, Zeta Howard Stern, Bob Lasseter,
Rick Shaw, and then there never was any good radio.
You think that's, I don't know.
Is Brandon turning into Charlie B?
Yeah.
Well, he's trying to be helpful.
That's all.
Don't be knocking Brandon.
He's okay.
He knocked me.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, you have your own war with him.
I don't have any war going on with any of the Myspace people that I know of.
I mean, you told me you don't like Brandon.
I never told you.
That's a lie.
That is the biggest rile in you are.
You know something?
What's that?
You know that check you were going to get in December?
1175, by the way, now.
And I don't want his got 11 votes already.
Wow, look at that.
Maybe we will get it.
I said I don't like what.
Now, I want you to retract that because you know that's a freaking lie.
I'm just messing with you.
Look at that.
It's up to 1180, you know.
It's one of the rile you up.
Hey, that check, by the way, is that a two times check?
Is it?
That's a blank check.
What?
That's a two cent check.
I don't want his got 15 on.
Right.
So I told you, I don't want it.
We don't want to be forced into believing some crap.
Here's Sean from Hollywood's polls.
What's the best thing that ever happened to you?
Had kids won or gained a lot of money, recovered from serious illness,
kicked addiction, finally got laid, got married, got divorced,
sex fantasy fulfilled, or quit a hated job.
That's a good poll.
That's solid.
You like that rock solid?
Yes.
Oh my god, Josh said it's rock solid.
Woo!
And you being as picky as can be.
Me?
It's not bad.
I don't know.
I just said that.
It's just for the hell of a world.
You're going to start getting defensive about it now?
Who just says things just for the hell of it?
I do.
What?
1180, die.
1180, WHA and Rochester.
Man, maybe the most boring radio station in history.
1185 now.
They're coming in a chunk.
And I don't want it.
You're assuming.
Get it straight.
Why?
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
If I salvage the 1200, or that I don't want it, you owe me big time.
And then Josh coming down there saying, I hate Brandon.
I mean, what we have to say before the show.
I'm not supposed to tell him that over the show.
I've only got a couple of people on my space that give a crap about me.
And believe me, Brandon is one of them.
Or at least he pretends.
Although he did say Don knows Returion, I'll be next.
He said that when I sat down here this morning.
He will be the other way.
Well, the other way Brandon is like Josh anyways.
Why is that?
Because Josh turned him down.
1189, that's not what I heard.
Oh, he didn't turn him down.
He left him votes in 11 minutes.
That's only one minute.
Now I think they can fear us, baby.
Now I think it might be safe out of 1190.
Woo!
1190, WO, WO.
I don't know.
Yeah, that's right.
For Win and Deanna.
Why don't you come up with this earlier?
We could have had like 15.
Because we didn't need it earlier.
Didn't I say to you twice during the show that we want to have an alternative on there for people that don't want?
Did I say that twice?
And you said, and just have an hour ago I said that.
You said, oh no, we'll talk about it.
It's still a knockabout.
Yeah.
Put it in the long list that you had to have a release.
Put an actress next to it, okay?
Okay, that's all I do.
Mr. I keep track of the polls every day.
Schminkrick, what'd you say?
For $1.75 an hour, you heard what I said.
That way a 50-hour.
1193.
See now we're going to make it.
See, leave it to the old pool, myster, man.
I had my experience with polls over my lifetime.
That's the way for it.
Yeah, that's her damn sure.
Let me tell you about Berlin.
That's okay.
Wow.
Just thinking about that.
Now all of a sudden I got like a quiver in my kneecap.
That's about as close as I come to any action anymore.
Just a little quiver in my kneecap.
Just thinking about it.
Was it last this summer?
Not this past, but the one before it.
And you're the one that says you don't want to travel to Europe anymore.
When they had the world to come to California.
I can't afford it.
You're up anymore.
Neither can anybody else.
Let me take one last look.
You want to hear a grown man cry and vomit at the same time on the year.
The American dollar.
Hey, get what?
I'm not kidding you, man.
It's in a free fall.
It's insanity.
Yeah, let's get to the real good stuff, though.
1200.
Is that what we got?
1202.
1202.
See, and how many say I don't want it?
20 some odd.
2022 on here.
And I haven't even refreshed the damn thing yet.
That's probably what got us over the 20th.
I don't want it.
27.
You see that?
Mr. Smarty pants.
I know how to handle a poll.
Believe me, especially in Berlin.
Brother, that was one of the miracles that I told you.
Couldn't happen again in a million years.
But it did.
How do you made any polls in Poland?
No, I haven't been to Poland.
I'm like Potska Polska.
I still think Stan Koleffy might be an alternative.
What's that called?
Let's see.
All of a staff know I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
I'm going to go out to shopping with a friend.
What was that? What am I hearing there?
What was that? What am I hearing there?
Oh, I'm sorry. What was that?
I didn't mean for the mic to be on.
For what? You pulled his George.
No big deal.
What was that? Was that your cell phone?
No, I'm a multi-tasker.
I'm working here as well as I'm...
Don't lose those stories again, Mr. Hodgeot.
You're a kid.
You're a kid.
You're a kid. You're a kid. You're a kid.
You're a kid. You're a kid. You're a kid.
You're a kid. You're a kid. You're a kid.
You're a kid. You're a kid. You're a kid.
You're a kid. You're a kid. You're a kid.
Later.
