The O'Connor is leaving the view.
Boy, America's sure gonna miss her propaganda pushing big mouth,
blabbering nonsense like this.
You wonder why we'd go into Iran for the money?
That's why we were doing it.
I do believe that it's a five physics for the World Trade Center tower seven,
the fall the way it's held about it's slopes of being involved.
Do you think the government's purposefully misled the American peoples
of the leave that Iraq had something to do with 9-11?
Yes, that's a proud!
In America, we are Fed propaganda,
and if you wanna know what's happening in the world,
go outside of the US media.
It's pretty obvious to anyone that listens that Rosie hates America.
Radical Christianity is just as threatening as radical Islam.
But she loves the people who are trying to kill us.
Iran is a danger, Iraq and Afghanistan never threatened to kill us.
Don't ever disparage anyone who's trying to kill us to Rosie.
I use a terrorist, you think that robs them of their humanity.
That means terrorists makes them not human anymore.
Yep, Rosie loves the terrorists.
But apparently she has absolutely no compassionate sensitivity for Asians.
You know, you could imagine a tentative like,
Tino, we're going to Tino, Tino, Tino, Tino, Tino, Tino, Tino, Tino,
Gronk, the view, Tino.
Rosie's finally leaving the view,
and pretty much every rational American is thrilled about it,
especially Donald Trump.
Rosie of Donald's disgusting.
I mean, both inside and out, we take a look at it, she's a slot.
She talks like a truck driver.
What is he, is a loser?
Well, Tino, too.
She's kind of like a larger version of a female Bill Maher in my book.
I hate to say that.
She doesn't have the same schnaz he's got.
He doesn't have the big, disgusting fat, grotesque body
that she doesn't gross me out as quickly as she does.
No.
Yeah, but you agree with most of what both of them say,
and that's proof of what I always tell you.
Who cares?
Who cares?
There's still both annoying and disgusting.
Although nobody can be as disgusting as she is.
What up?
You saw that hanging upside down thing that she did there?
I mean, they were showing it on the news, I'll look.
Oh, I'd love to see that.
I'd love to see you.
You don't want to see that.
You don't want to see that.
Oh, from a rope.
Yeah.
What was the point of it?
She has, she's depressed.
She has depression.
So to feel better, she hangs upside down.
Oh, I have a solution for depression.
Yeah, I know.
Inversion therapy, I think she was calling it.
All right.
So she's hanging upside down from these bungee cords
and if he thought she looked gross right side up.
Oh, I'm sure she's hung.
Anyway, let's get to it.
OK, like I said, we got a lot of important fish to fry.
Maybe all the most of the tomorrow.
We got the rain news coming at 10 o'clock.
Dan's going to be, I don't know what word to use for it.
How about disaster?
I don't know.
What could it be?
Brutal.
We had an initial.
At least we got one month.
Our February was not spectacular, but relative to what
was surrounding us, it was pretty, it was OK.
It was OK.
Not that phenomenal, but just OK.
And so maybe that'll, if we have a decent march,
you never know what these things, right?
Right.
One thing I think we do know is don't start
the planning on spending anything on this money
because there isn't going to be any.
Even Chris, that big bonus usually gets.
Oh, and the good news for Chris is now
already told him this one for one.
If I was you, I'd start marking on a calendar.
Oh!
I made it through the entire day yesterday.
It was wood buying Wednesday and no sugar, no craft,
no refined carbs.
I went upstairs to the racetrack level.
I got two slices of pizza and you're
thinking, oh, he's eating pizza, no.
I got fork.
I got a fork and I ate the cheese in the pappy
runy off the top and I threw the crust away.
Didn't he?
Very good.
The crust.
Very good.
And you're doing sugar free this way?
That's what you die of.
What is it?
Sugar free, may.
Is that what you're doing?
Yeah, sugar free, may.
Yeah, they'll do it with it.
And I may just get through it.
I'm one for one, one day.
I mean, one day at a time.
Oh, no.
That's the time with those themes we got today.
One day at a time.
That was a horrible show and probably a horrible theme to it all.
Yeah, bad show bad theme.
Now, sometimes his bad shows with good themes like Barnaby Jones
always gets his man.
That's right.
Great.
Did he ever figure out his Bill Ross dead
that he used to do the voiceovers on Channel 7?
It must be.
And what about Dick Fennel?
Don't know.
From Channel 4.
Well, what used to be Channel 4, wasn't it?
See, I get confused because what used to be Channel 4
is now Channel 6.
Well, it used to be Channel 6 is now, I don't know.
Channel 4?
Right.
You don't remember when Channel 6 had John Hamburg and Camber.
Martian and all the people.
You remember those days?
I did.
Back in the day.
Now, we got Tony Cigaretteau.
What ever happened to sloppy Jennifer Veloppi?
She kind of flew the coop, huh?
Yeah, I didn't notice.
I guess what they decided they were going to pick her ass up
in a limo every day and take her to the Channel 6 studios.
Yeah.
Talk about an ego.
Talk about a big fat puffed up ego.
But nevertheless, so we got Dave Johnson calling
him tomorrow with our Kentucky Derby, a preview that we've
been doing over a year since Regret won the Derby in 1915.
I think that was Dave's first call.
And we'll see.
I stay when you got a horse named
her Ray for a Hollywood.
How can you not like that horse?
They'll pick the Hollywood, huh?
Don't you like that?
Sure, since I live in Hollywood.
You got a shot.
He's got a shot, baby.
That's going to be my pick.
I think I'm picking it right now.
I got my finger deep inside my nostril, almost scratching
my brain a little bit, just a tad.
According to Ross story, hours after 9-11 attacks,
gottled Rumsfeld allegedly said, my interest is to hit
Sadan.
Now, is that what Richard Clark also said the same thing?
Yes.
According NBC's Chief Pentagon correspondent, former defense
secretary, Dr. Rumsfeld, said that his interest is to hit
Sodom Hussein just hours after the attacks of 9-11.
Even the wall indications pointed out,
how does the guilty party of Rhode Island
LeMood's paper be saying?
At the annual business expo with Rhode Island Convention
Center, Tuesday, NBC's Jim McLeishewski Advanced Day theme,
garnering attention since former CIA director George
Tenamay's public revelations last week,
writes Tom Mooney for the Providence Journal.
Some things are right on mark when he says the
Bush administration appeared predisposed to attack Iraq.
McLeishewski says of Tenam's book at the center of the storm.
The NBC correspondent's information comes from author
record notes, given to him from an unidentified person
who was in the White House situation room in the hours after
the attacks.
However, the notes described McLeishewski said,
that then Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld,
vowing to avenge the terrorist attacks by voicing frustration
that attacks against the US Embassy in Beirut in 1983
and the attack on the coal in 2000 gone on a van's mooney rights.
Reading from his notes,
McLeishewski quoted Rumsfeld as saying,
five hours after the terrorist attacks,
my interest is to hit Sodom Hussein
at the same time we go after al-Qaeda.
We are not only looking at some of the
modern Rumsfeld allegedly said before holding a conference
called with President Bush.
During the conversation, Rumsfeld says not to focus
on the insolent al-Qaeda,
consider all the range of options.
And the president's response was, yes.
Said McLeishewski, so there's no question that
Teneck got the time wrong with meeting Pearl in the White House,
but there's no question in his mind
or with subsequent conversations he had with officials
in the Pentagon that the Bush administration
at their site said I'm attacking Sodom Hussein
in Iraq long before there was even an effort
together, any evidence that Sodom Hussein was involved
in the attack.
All the evidence says quite the opposite,
quite contrary, Mary and Harry.
And it's pretty scary, but nevertheless.
Okay, let's take over that poll results.
George was out sick yesterday, so he said to me,
this morning we're going to do that poll on Yomish.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's behind the times.
In fact, we chopped that one off in midstream yesterday
because I didn't like that poll.
You thought I was, well, I was okay.
Well, the one I didn't like the other four.
What was the one that made before that had 1600 votes?
I don't forget what that was, but I didn't like it at all.
And it got a lot of votes.
905 was the final telly.
We were trying, tried to cut it off at 900.
And so we put today's poll on there early.
Now our goal today is 1000 votes.
We've had 1112.
I think we can do 15 again, Chris.
I think we can't also.
Let's give it a shot.
Let's go for 1500 during the show.
If we do that today, I'm taking off the rest of the year.
All right.
Anyway, the poll from yesterday, if I had to live among the Amish,
I don't know how it ever gets through a day without electricity.
346.
It buries everything else hands down,
because many of the other things on here,
at least some of many way, you couldn't do it without electricity.
For example, number two is a computer.
113.
Although you could have batteries, right?
Right.
Anyway, electricity 346, computer 113, cold beer 91.
Only...
Drunks would say that.
They can't have warm beer either.
Yeah, they can't have warm beer, even like pea warm beer.
They can't have that.
I am, see, here's the crank vote.
I am honest to what the FMI doing on the computer answering
this poll.
Right.
No, no chance.
82.
Like you would believe that?
We don't have any Amish people listening to this show.
Even if they could.
Right.
A TV 71, porn 67.
A refrigerator 31, a car 26, casual clothes 21,
Cussing 17, radio 12, only 12,
Solomon Thedose.
Cell phone 10, sneakers 6, and iPod 6, I don't know.
I mean, you know, I got a nice iPod there, but...
Would that really ruin my day if I couldn't, uh,
diddle my iPod?
A CD player 3, a DVD player 2, fast food, finally got a vote,
and a microwave all the way through.
None.
None.
Stampeded by a crowd being pushed by police.
Three members of the media ended up in the hospital.
Many people were left with large welts.
Oh, that's L.A.
You know, they like to beat people up in L.A.
They'll teach you to live there anyway.
On 950-50, unless you speak one of those languages,
it's got all those, you know, symbols and drawings,
and you know, one of those oriental languages,
you have no business being in L.A.
Anyway, right?
Right.
So all you white folks get out of there.
Okay, let's take a look at, oh, and before we do the pull
for today, we got a lot of fish to fry today,
man.
We got a lot on our plate.
Speaking of that, do you have any food in there today or what?
Yeah, we had how he's in.
My bacon already.
Now, he had my bacon.
No crap today again.
And Chris, you know, downing time says,
oh, you have big deal.
He made one day, one day.
Yeah, well, one day at a time.
There you go again.
That's the way he's like that.
People, as you know, fat people want everybody else to be fat.
They want you to fail.
Chris is sitting there hoping that I get like my left leg chopped
off, you know, gangrene.
Now that would be good.
Former radio talk show host Don Eimes has hired one of the
country's top trial lawyers to sue CBS Radio following his
dismissal last month for making racial and sexual honor
comments about members of the Rutgers University women's
basketball team, which is where Georgia is supposed to drop in.
There it is.
Attorney Martin Garbos told CNN yesterday that he's agreed
to represent I'm a strong for breach of contract suit
against his former employer.
Garbos would not disclose when he was retained by I'm
is but said he plans to file a nation against CBS in their
future calls made to I'm is by CNN were not returned.
He's probably kind of surly these days.
When you think he's snapping at gone extra hard CBS spokesman
decline common on this said 40 million dollars left on a
multi year contract to begin in 2006 and included the clause
that CBS wanted him to be irreverent and controversial according
to CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Tuben who was shown part of the
contract.
CBS Radio acknowledges that are not I'm a service is to be
rendered here under or of a unique extraordinary irreverent
intellectual type of controversial and personal character
and the programs of the same general type in nature
containing these components are desired by company consistent
with company rules and policies irreverent controversial and
you know the other tubents of the legal issues in the
I'm is case are simple that I must breach his contract by
saying we did about the record's basketball team by calling
them.
Napi editor CBS dismissed I must say both roughly days after we
called the record players napi headed hose on his radio shows
I'm a student moment.
What stands out in the contract is he is supposed to be
controversial and irreverent that's what is statement about
director's basketball team was to have been said how is
CBS going to argue that what he said was so controversial and
so offensive that it wasn't what they asked for in the
contract.
We wanted to be a little controversial a little bit offensive
and a little bit irreverent but not the napi headed hose
Don not napi headed hose.
How about a happy headed hose so I occasionally have one of
those happy headed hose.
It all depends on where it's been I guess 1013 at 560 WQ
and looks look at that schedule they we have mad dog from 2 to 5
no hopper today he's in lieu of the course he's forcing it up
2 to 5 it's the mad dog all by himself and then 5 to 7 we
got some really bad news after the offense award banquet it
will be that very new tell of the dolphin or back when from
7 to 10 who's very new tell Chris.
He is a guy that works for the dolphins like on their I
think the dolphins might be dolphins website and stuff like
that and then game that will educate from biggest 10 o'clock
night well what game is that game what does that mean
game night or the heat playing again tonight just for kicks now
that they're eliminated or the panthers playing yeah one
off a little practice yeah who's playing tonight that the
Marlon's are even playing tonight but it's game that would
educate from biggest 10 to 1.
Still got here is Alec Baldwin live on this edition of Larry
King live thanks for having us with that so many bases to cover
a couple things that are in the news where do you make it
at that rant.
I mean in a single day you just flush yourself right down the
toilet now let's watch this watch your career and wow watch
it.
I'm going to get out of flame but I'm going to come out there
for the day and I'm going to straighten your
out.
What kind of father are you pretty vulgar now the laws of
probity and decency don't count taking call from Chicago
hello hi Alec hello how are you well not so good my 13-year-old
is acting up if I give you her cell phone number will you
set her straight yeah what by all means I'd love to better
yet maybe you could be waiting outside her school and really
let her have it right in front of all our friends I love that
anything goes Las Vegas hello Alec is the truth of
scientists are quoting Baldwin brothers yeah how many do they
have for two incredible the ball ones are everywhere right
oh deserts Texas hello hi hi Alec what kind of women do you
like today loose very loose well I can put my feet behind my
ears and I've got the laws of an alley cat I want to do her
wow okay it's a 10 20 20 past 10 at 5 60 WQM let's say
go because today's full what do you say we haven't even
got to it yet what are you waiting for we got no more ones
game or nothing like that today we have one yesterday though and
I went off early to wood buy and I was lose my ass and I
made a big comeback in one of your bucks and I do mean a few
not enough alive all right and at night that see you know when
you're losing your ass and make a comeback and either like
leave almost even or actually wind up a head which I can't
believe that I did I just I ran out of there you have never
seen this federal queen waddle as fast as I did to that
camp I flew out of that joint whoo let me out of here now I
got my money back in a little bit of theirs little tiny
slice 250 bucks I want that's enough for camp here to and
fro and leaves it another 150 left over I would say that
great that's something well it's enough to make me think
about putting you in my will oh not okay let's take let's
take a look at the poll result for today our goal is 1500 oh
I don't know why you did that Chris we're never gonna make no
1500 are we well yeah we should have 1200 by 11 oh yeah we
can do it we definitely will yeah and and it could be
so negative that's the first positive thing you said now when
you were out sick yesterday man he was the most negative
tub I've ever heard my life
blah blah blah you can't do it you can't go a month with no
sugar he wants me to fail yeah that's it it was also give me that
crap about a fool and his money are soon parted and you're
gonna lose all that money a wood buy which I thought I was
going to I thought it was going to be a disaster and here you
thought your mom had died yeah no I got Chris I mean she was
chubby but you wouldn't know Chris my mom was better looking
too oh well so is what my daughter's in the backyard
152 votes on the poll what's your favorite theme song from a 70's TV
here sitcom theme show not theme song what is it I hated the
show and the song by the way I could live without to that's
leaving man I have to play like a little flip 153 for
man you don't have to but it's nice if you did kill some time
well I'm gonna have to find where they are on the disc 153 for
a shot of 44 that's the part we need to get to okay running
third at the moment favorite theme song from a 70's TV sitcom
sitcoms only welcome back hotter one oh two bad theme bad
show bad characters and wasn't this the one that John B. Volker was in yes
welcome back oh running fourth with 97 votes
maybe you never wonder terrible version of this what we're
good for this I don't know it's one that's on this disc WKRP and of
course they put the radio WKRP and Cincinnati 97 vote San
Verdun some 96 do you think that's on here on this they're all
on here that's the bad part that's what you don't I got everything
you know you do I got seven all right not everything I do
worry man no one Sanford and some 96 right on the WKRP's end
did Red Fox diard I just read me he's not that he I think he died
yeah Red Fox died oh look it up if you want how about beer beer right
on their ass right behind one of the godjeffisons is a got 91 San
Verdun some 96 great show great thing I'm afraid Tom jikkin isn't
like it not your idiot time the cases in your foot I don't
agree with everything about your friend great theme great show
everything's good what's not what's not to like about that except
Tom jikkin thought it was red had was two races they are right oh please
yeah cracker please good yeah there you go you just come back from a day
out sick and I was trying to get us all fired here cut the crap okay right
behind whatever that was good time 55 great theme it's what it's your
eating
65 votes for a good times and right behind it.
54 votes.
One of the most overrated shows in TV history.
Oh, I speak in a Henry Winkler how she, another one, another closet case.
Twenty although not well as well known as John Revolton, I wonder why that is.
Well, I guess they married her off at one point.
Henry Winkler is he, she's still married.
I don't need to go to a guy.
I don't know.
Anyway, I just read the rest.
I don't have time to play.
We're going to do the break.
Happy days 54, Barney Miller 50.
I've got them all.
Taxi 45, Mary Tyler Moore show 32, hated it.
You hate everything.
On couple 31, the love vote 23, the Brady Bunch 22, the Parkridge family 21 for the guy
with the eyes.
Three's company 19, Cisco, Cisco, Chico and a man 19.
He's dead.
He's still dead, Freddie Prince, but his son lives on.
Oh, there is a, look at him.
Look at that.
Why?
Why do you think he looked at that?
He looks like one of those characters from the Wax Museum from Madame Tussaud.
It's a zombie movie.
It's a day of the living dead.
Every crime be in zombie.
Now, he's the same age as I am.
I don't look like a teenager compared to that little goat.
I'll say it.
I haven't even seen you lately.
Well, you're lucky.
Mod 17, LeVernin Squirley 16.
Now, I do have to play a little bit of that.
I'm going to run over here on it.
I mean, I was saying before the show to George Swarff.
Five, two, three, four, five, six, six, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven,
I mean, one of the people in like Peoria Illinois thinking about a turn on the TV show in
it and the theme they're going, let me, I'll slum out of the thing and vote.
What a bunch of New York Jews put this together, you know?
There's one thing I can't stand is people that use the English words that nobody understands.
I'll let Narsch Kite.
Different strokes, 13, soap, 12, one day at the time of 11, the Bob New Art Show 11,
Alice 9.
Don't have Alice, just don't watch Alice.
That was a bad show.
Room 222, 7, Roto 1 and Benson had won.
He's a bad guy.
Well, he wears blue fin and hair, but like some man can he watch the beat?
Where's he then?
He went off and made sure he had a cute face, a train for free.
If you want to see, it's my escape.
So this guy can't stand me.
Johnny's not, Johnny knows.
And we can just pretend you're going.
He's a little race, Johnny is a good face, he's still alive.
Stay alive.
He's another male.
Boy, that guy wears, he's got two chances to get the nomination none and much, much, much,
much much much much less than that.
Those two, 1032 and 560 WDQYM.
Stewart's student faces expulsion after making a thread over a bad grade.
A C?
Yeah, I got a C. C. My ass.
Don't have to have good eyesight for that.
Well, this kid got pissed off.
A Stuart high school student who was failing math threatened his teacher with a Virginia
textile massacre authorities be saying.
The 18-year-old student made the thread April 25 after the teacher told him he was failing
the class according to a Martin County Sheriff's Orifice report.
If that happens, I'm going to shoot.
It's going to be another Virginia Tech incident to students said.
The student's expulsion is pending a psychological evaluation and a meeting with Martin County
School District officials.
He's listed as a suspect but hasn't been arrested according to these stored news for
that reason the AP isn't naming the student.
Well, he's 18.
He's old enough to add a footers name in there.
And a picture too, see if he's cute.
Anytime any student makes any kind of thread threatening violence, we take that very seriously.
School spokeswoman Kathy Brennan said.
We take it very seriously.
When somebody said we're going to shoot up the school because I should have had a B
and you gave me a C. C. My ass.
Is there a common add or what?
Oh, look at that.
Joan Baez band from concert for the troops.
Look at that.
I got the keys.
I wonder why?
Common East.
Common East.
Probably your people put bad word in on poor Johnny.
Johnny Baez.
No doubt.
And the Army said, oh, she was added to the roster too late.
You're out, Joan.
Common East.
Who wanted to sing and Walter Reed?
Well, that's still.
Love an 85 on a pull.
We're going to do the 15 today.
You know that Chris, I think we're going to like kick serious ass ancient style.
Definitely.
Yeah.
That's not good.
That's how excited you are.
You're just a, and you're something when it gets to be the first of June, which is on
a Friday.
And when I have completed the entire month of May, at least after May 1, May 1 was my
like goodbye to ice cream.
See George didn't hear that part.
I had a point of banana nut.
Yeah.
On Tuesday, May 1.
I heard that.
I heard that.
I heard that.
I had a nut.
I am a banana nut and more ways than one.
But at any rate, that was my farewell to sugar for a month.
I was a caradill, Adios, Asta de Vista, Asta de Luego.
In fact, Wistful Vista is an over-fibromagian model.
They're done with Wistful Vista.
But you chicken them, I remember that.
Him and me, all the old, old guys like us.
Rick Shaw is the retiring.
I should probably dig that thing out of there and read it again, but I'll do it tomorrow.
All right.
He's got another week to go.
And then Bruce Clark is nothing at Bruce Kennedy.
Bruce, I don't know what the guy's name is.
Somebody nobody ever heard of.
He's coming in.
They oldies.
And maybe not the same oldies.
The article I had the other day was that I had several pieces.
And the bottom line was that they're going to be 70s and 80s.
You know, and don't we have enough stations playing 70s and 80s already?
Now who was it who said was it Miguel?
Who said it or you, Chris, about, well, big plays, 70s and 80s rock as opposed to magic
which plays 70s and 80s pop.
That would have been Miguel.
As in pop goes the weasel or something like that.
Oh, I haven't heard that in a long time.
Let's get that on there right away.
Pop goes the weasel?
No, not you.
You don't have pop goes the weasel.
I don't think so.
But I could find it.
I mean, it's a great goes.
We out of one.
I heard that.
That's neat.
That's for little chillins.
That's right.
Two Democratic members of Congress joined represented Dennis Kassinich in co-sponsoring
articles of impeachment against Vice President Dick Cheney.
One accused Cheney of an arrogant abuse of power that needs to stop.
Representative William Lacey Clay of Missouri joined Kassinich in sponsoring the resolution
to initiate impeachment proceedings.
At the urging of my constituents at Missouri's first congressional district and from Americans
across the country, I co-sponsored Congressman Kassinich's resolution regarding the impeachment
of the Vice President because I believe that Mr. Cheney deliberately manipulated the intelligence
process to deceive the Congress of the U.S. and the working people representative
said, and the statement sent to raw story.
Doesn't get much rawer than that.
Here the raw of the crowd.
He added that the sentence resulted in a tragic unnecessary war that has already crossed
the lines over 3,300 brave Americans and it cost the taxpayers over $400 billion.
The arrogant abuse of power in the complete disregard for the truth needs to stop.
Representative Jan Czackowski of Illinois also sponsored the Kassinich resolution to
spokesman for the Congress members.
He had decided to release a statement on why she supported the measure.
While Kassinich's articles of impeachment had finally picked up co-sponsors, they still
faced another major procedural hurdle.
A spokesperson for the House Judiciary Committee told Atlantic Progressive News that the impeachment
motion has yet to be put on the committee's plate.
Put it on the plate, okay, get a knife in a folk and stick it.
It's not that this time on a committee's immediate agenda, Melanie Russell, I suppose
first to represent if John Connors of Michigan be saying.
What's this thing you just fact?
Chuck and West Palm Beach says, please urge your listeners to watch a CBC documentary
rewarding to see that.
The fifth of the state delies the lead the word something that we'd never see on American
TV.
And it says it's unbelievable.
It says Chuck.
Oh, the way it's got the web thing here, CBC.ca slash filth slash lies.
We had to put that link on our thing.
We went to put the link on our website.
Sure.
The fifth of the state delies the war.
We have to watch that.
On the CBC, I wonder when the hell that was on.
Maybe I could watch it like on TV.
There's a poster watching it.
I don't know about you.
I'm not that crazy about watching programs on my computer on the mic.
I got a nice monitor here, but just not the same.
Am I the only one who feels that way or am I just being...
So your right, I'll do it from time to time, but usually I'll just burn a DVD out of
it.
I mean, like out of the car.
You know, guys that have porno that have hooked up to their big screen TV would much rather
watch it than the big screen.
They'll watch it on some stupid computer, little monitor, you know.
I mean, look at the monitor.
You're not really sure what parts you can all whip up a lie.
You know what I'm saying?
Nobody said.
I don't know.
It just sounded interesting at the time.
How are we doing on that pool?
See, just the fact we started with over a 12-hour, I think we started with over 1100,
didn't we?
And now we got 1198.
That's kind of great.
We're going to be way over 1200 by the top of the hour, boy.
The pool, the pool lockers and the pool counters and the vote time for leaders.
They're going to be really...
And then they're going to say, well, you started this thing yesterday, you jackass.
Yeah, well, that's one of the reasons we done it.
Oh, for Neil, for one day.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
My baby.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
My baby.
Oh, my God.
My baby.
Oh, my God.
My baby.
My baby.
My baby.
My baby.
My baby.
My baby.
He can go ahead above water, man.
She said now, right, Esther Rol, she be dead?
I do believe.
I don't know.
And her brother, Jelly Roll, I think he ain't doing too much.
I do like ice cream roll.
Mm.
Not that I'm going to eat any you understand.
See, I can talk about it all I want during the month of May.
This Saturday, by the way, I'll stink out in my own.
I'm sure that all your Mexican friends are going to be like out in the streets dancing
and romancing.
Oh, yeah, all of them.
Prancing and all my Mexican friends.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
A damn good thing the Mexicans don't know where to find your ass.
Fuck it in and hold it.
Oh, I can get less.
I can get a little piece of white.
What a hell.
Why do you have someone here and hunt a little?
When I'm right here, I pull my olden, just up like Kanye's team and that's for you.
You're fair yet.
You're forcing me to do this.
Can't you?
How about a nice Hawaiian punch?
You.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy.
Yeah Yeah.
Oh, boy, boy.
You expected me to be called the Boy, the boy.
Yeah.
That's my wife and dad.
How old are you to me?
T- did I always have to raise you around?
Y'know, you didn't care, I love you.
Now...
um...
Tonight, let's go home.
I'm gonna tell you, anybody with bad taste enough they didn't like the theme from Good
Times probably didn't like Hawaii 50, they're not talking about the theme, I mean the show.
Oh like the theme a lot.
Oh I'm not talking about the theme.
He was in the society.
And the theme was out outside.
And we did leave one out here on our poll, you better add it on because your close personal
friend Brandon points it up, even at Picker that he tends to be.
Sorry Brandon.
And you know what it was?
The terrible show.
Awful.
Facts of life.
The fags of life.
The fags of life.
The fags of life.
The fags of life.
The fags of life.
We better put that on the poll.
Yeah.
Now how could Hawaii 50 not be on this disc?
This is got all the good ones on here.
I don't see it.
Action adventure.
Wouldn't that be it or a prime time driver?
Huh?
Nothing like a drama if you move to Alabama.
I don't see it.
I mean I can't move.
There we go.
It's really worth looking around the spine.
Oh I said it.
Well in New York here.
Can't hear this one.
Yes, me.
That's not what we need.
Well it's no more with the healthy version.
But then what is it?
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
Really?
It's a good thing about it.
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
Oh that's that one disc you have.
Listen.
I clean that up the window.
Oh.
That's makefully.
That's Arizona's man.
Yes.
That's enough to make me plots it so Arizona.
It's anything to real thing.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes sir.
Martidina calling.
Get out of here.
The birthday call.
Martidina.
I haven't heard from you at least 100 years.
You must be old by now and ugly.
It's a birthday call.
Thank you for your good wishes.
I always try to call you in and around the birthday.
It's who's birthday?
Mine.
Yours?
Yes.
And I would ask you the number of the birthday but I give you a read of press.
Wait a minute let me just play the thing.
How long are you going to be here today?
Also what's your thing?
Come on.
Come on.
29th counting.
29th counting.
29th one.
That's not too bad.
It's under...
5th man.
There you go.
Also a good friend of yours birthday.
Who's day I share it?
Dave Lombard.
Who's did what?
Dave Lombard's birthday today as well.
What did you say?
A good friend of yours who what?
Farts a lot?
Former broadcast partner of yours.
Many many years ago.
We did you and baseball together one season but he just kept farting so much I couldn't tell
his swimming.
I couldn't handle the normal.
Oh he speaks to you highly still anyway.
Does he really?
Get out.
Of course.
You're the king.
Come on.
Get out of here he speaks to me highly.
You're such a butt liquor man.
I know you're new to it.
If I didn't know that before you and I were getting real close I'll tell you that more.
Listen to you.
I have a suggestion for the little part.
I don't know if you have it on there.
The theme from SWOT.
Total can't be show but the pretty cool song.
SWOT was a sitcom?
No it was.
Oh was it only sitcoms?
See that?
Oh man that a roller rote your brain.
I think he got to you finally.
The monster fart.
I was just like this.
How about the greatest American hero is the match now.
Whoa.
Oh wait a moment I'm in a wrong disc.
Where the greatest American hero?
Yeah that Joey Wutzen name he was kind of marginal now.
There he go.
Happy birthday Mark.
Good luck buddy.
I'll be waiting for it tonight.
Yeah.
Let's see.
He's looking at what happens in the movie.
So does he do the catch by the way.
I can't believe it myself.
Wait wait back.
Suddenly I'm a fond time of the world.
Should have been somebody else.
What's he doing?
He hates it in the air.
He hates it all night.
Not.
I never thought I could see him so.
I wonder I should have asked him to mark to dinner.
Whatever happened to another friend of ours.
Another one of those TV fans of people.
He was a photographer for Channel 6.
My Corbath.
He was gay.
I didn't say that.
I wonder what ever happened to hurt to him.
Another good looking young man from back in the day.
But now I see that all these people are old and even Mark said he was 29.
How much he was still as pretty good.
Not that that makes any difference you understand.
Whatever.
It doesn't make a bit of difference.
1229 votes.
And we did put a great American.
I thought it was already on there.
The greatest American hero never made it to the list but we finally ended that on.
Facts of Life got a vote.
Oh, there was such a bad show and such a bad theme and just such a bad.
The whole thing was so bad.
Who was in the fags of life?
Oh, Lisa Welchall and uh...
Lisa what?
Welchall.
That was the blonde.
Welchall?
Welchall.
Yeah.
I think I'm done.
And that's all you know, Facts of Life.
There were no more of these with any jitters.
Well, there's Beverly Hills 2085.
Now is that show uh...
Is that in syndication now?
Beverly Hills 2085.
Oh, and there's that puke peri man.
Man.
I just don't understand it.
You know who reminds me of who was the guy that played the Luke on Luke and Laura in general hospital?
What was that guy's name?
That was Luke and me.
The guy with the perm?
Luke uh...
No idea.
The name was before.
He wrote test.
And he was also...
Yeah.
But nevertheless, don't confuse the house rhymes about them.
I think it's all emotional.
And you want to know why you're like, you always say.
He was on television.
That's it.
He was on TV.
All it takes.
He must be a smoldering guy.
1229.
We're going to make that 1500 day and they're going to be writing about it and newspapers all around the world.
You'll see.
W.A.Q.Y.M. Hello.
Hey Neil, screw Dave Lamanis, my birthday too.
Dave Lamanis.
Well, some guy just called.
He said it was his birthday and Dave Lamanis birthday.
And I don't know who to help Dave Lamanis, but I know I'm George's Eucharistic minister and it's my birthday.
George's Eucharistic minister?
I don't know what I mean.
He brought me some weight from it.
Hey, Dave Laman.
Hey, you said you're not a union meal because you don't have an old lady, but you said you're old lady makes a hell of a vanilla with the vanilla weight for pudding.
Yes.
I'll be bringing some of the smaller weight wafers.
Yeah, I think it's too little.
You know, make a mix and maybe I'll come down and get a little gift from you.
That sounds like it's got come down and get a little gift from you.
What is this a drug deal we're doing here on here?
I have no idea if I don't need to know because I didn't bring it.
Get a little gift from you.
I'm going to be talking about a radio teacher.
I take back the happy birthday, by the way.
This wasn't the 70s anyway.
In a way, the honeymoon?
No.
No, I like this thing.
Fine.
Huh?
I mean, it's schmaltzy, but it's fine.
I'll tell you what else good chance you know wasn't a sicker.
Let's go.
Oh, yeah.
I don't want to be surprised.
You better mind the speed.
You better do it on.
Oh!
So who was that guy that just called you?
Rolosi, your confessor, your drug peddler?
This guy brought some stuff to the station one day,
with a bag of communion wafers, including the little tin that they hold them in.
Very nice thing since we had wafers, we had communion wafers, we put jelly on them.
Ah!
Strictly for a guy, it sounds like to me.
Not on that day, anybody could have had some.
Didn't need that one.
Didn't have a needle down and open your mouth.
I don't want it.
You don't need it.
You're too fat for me.
How much there was a song?
If there was.
I don't remember what the hell was.
I don't want her to sing.
She's too fat for me.
She's too fat for me.
She's too fat for me.
I don't want her.
You can have her.
She's too fat for me.
That's right.
And, uh, tell us to hide.
And please don't play tell us to hide.
I might just have to play just a couple of notes of that.
Because I like the way he says,
Poffus.
You can tell a real deal about the way he says,
Poffus.
I think I'm gonna be there.
I think that it's not.
You see, go ahead and say,
Poffus.
The girl I'm going to wear.
Has gained 20 pounds.
I just want to get to the point where he says,
Poffus.
She's got a Poffus so wide.
See, do you hear that?
You can almost, the spit is all over the screener.
It's just incredible.
It's like hearing the spokesman talk.
How about Ottawa last night, baby?
All right, the devil's going down.
All these phony New Jersey devils fans.
Look at that.
1,2,3,4.
We did it again.
Chris, look at that.
There you go.
1,2,3,4.
With it without Len Berry.
1,2,3,4.
1,2,3,4.
All right, 234.
We're gonna do 15.
You know something?
We might.
No, let's just,
don't get carried away now, old man.
Don't get carried away.
I was gonna say we might actually go for 16, but that would be.
Wouldn't that be unrealistic?
Yes.
But if we can do over 1,500 on a Thursday on the 3rd of May,
I'll do she DMIle?
Wow.
Wouldn't that be quite a feather in our camp in Edamard?
It means our numbers will go through the roof.
And we'll get a big bonus.
And yeah.
See, if you do enough mushrooms,
which I haven't started yet, all the way, do like mushrooms.
Now, so what do you think of my idea?
I think maybe what I ought to do is go out and get me a whole
pepperoni and extra cheese pizza and just get a fork and eat the topping.
How does that sound?
All right.
Would there be something wrong with that?
No, I don't.
Larry can't used to do that once upon a time.
Remember, big fat Larry can't.
He did that and he's dead now.
He's been dead a long time.
I don't think it helped.
I mean, it's good as far away from avoiding the carbs,
but all of that, you know,
artery clogging fat.
And all the, in fact, you can see on a really well-made pizza.
You can see the oil dripping.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah.
The dripping.
Like a chisolese where they need no oil change.
Are they still in business?
Because always are they disappear?
I don't know.
Well, you must not get around very much.
I don't know.
I'm the one who doesn't know.
How about you, Chris?
You're a pig.
You voted about chisolese.
Are you still around?
I really have no idea.
Wow.
I think usually I like, um,
during the malls and stuff.
I'm shopping malls who I can day land, stuff like that.
The search for chisolese continues.
Yeah, that sounds like a real, well-planned, I mean,
the only problem is, I guess, other than woodbind finding any edible pizza in this town.
Wow.
Woo!
Not good.
Niste good, as they say in, uh, Audermangolia.
Niste good.
So we're going to do the 15th of the day.
We got, uh, mad dog at two,
and then we got Geldig going to be on,
which I don't think he's going to be around too long.
This is the Neolodger show.
What solid brain.
What solid brain.
Go back to sleep.
It's getting em' though.
Uh, by six o.
I've got the sports danger.
Well, that's all we're allowed to talk about.
Sure.
I got me, buddy.
Oh, hi Geldig.
I just got done chasing a hot sports lead.
Oh, please, man.
Fill the time, sure.
Well, Bito is long go.
We look.
I got his jacks track.
Wow.
Now, at least we have something to talk about.
Yeah, man.
Look at the size of that thing, dude.
That's a quite a dinkle, very harvest you got here.
Oh, I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I'm cold.
Oh, hi, Clarence.
What are you doing here?
Oh, I just want to touch it.
The jack's crappy, dude.
Can I just touch it?
Oh, just want to touch it.
Sorry, here.
Oh, it's still warm.
So, Clarence, you think we'll have a break a one?
It smells good, too.
Yep, and if you look closely, there's a slight yellowing around the size.
Oh, see this, dude?
Like somebody had one buddy, buddy, too many.
Right, so, girls, it's too bad it's almost tagged.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
This is an important, Miss Scott.
Yeah, maybe we can earn an extra point in the book situation that has, uh, what is it?
Writing.
Yeah, those are like whatever.
Writing.
Yeah, what you ain't got.
It's $11.02 at 5.60.
WSUM, the numbers will be out tomorrow morning, 10 o'clock.
So, they tell us the winner book, the winner book, old brother.
I have only one thing to say about that.
And that's enough said right there.
Right, in fact, when the numbers come in, maybe we all will play as a dragnet thing.
Be a mystery.
Or else you pretend that the machine broke down and we didn't get the numbers.
Yeah, that's a good play.
That probably is a really good plan.
The way things are going to be going.
I think I could be wrong about that.
Maybe we'll just shock the world, shock the daylights out everybody.
What do you think?
No.
Not.
But we'll see.
From 150 some votes on this pool, and it goes to show you if you start the pool a week ahead of time, you get a lot of votes.
From 153.
What's your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom?
Boy, the way Glenn Miller played.
So long the day that hit the right.
Guys like us we had in May.
So long the day.
And you knew where you was.
Girls were girls and then Mama.
They said go ahead and we're girls.
Okay, mash 157 all in a family 140.
I think we got a battle going on there, don't you?
So we had to probably play a little bit of mash just for equal.
Oh, the thing is okay.
It's nothing's that interesting.
It's more than depressing.
Whatever happened to LaRetta's sweat.
She's a rare.
She wound up on olders of Game Show.
She was a Game Show panelist from our LaRetta Twitt.
I had a very large, uh, paycheck.
Mash 157 all in a family 148.
Welcome back, Carter 114.
I'm not playing these no more.
Well, I mean, Ellen is first, but takes too much time.
We got too many fish to fry today, baby.
We got too many lives to save.
Too many planets to save.
Too much, you know, too much time to kill.
Welcome back, Carter 114.
I'm at the 18 Sandford in Sun 107.
W. Crap, and since the 80105,
how can the Jefferson's be down there in like 1, 2, 3, 4?
How's 6th place 99?
Don't you take personal look front to that?
No, it's alright.
What's alright?
Well, I mean, not only the mash is funny.
I don't know how long I'm gonna die.
Duty down.
It was me like that.
Anyway, 99 for the Jefferson's ought to be much higher than that.
That's just my opinion. I'm not trying to welcome back to the hotter stuff. These people suck
Who did the people that are voting for welcome back?
Carter and W. Krampton Cincinnati and mash. Let's better know those
We're not asking what which one of these shows did you like best because mash of course?
I was good to vote for and I have no idea why now who else was on that show Richard Dawson was on it was he in Hogan's heroes
Who was in mash Alan Alda Richard Dawson was in Hogan's heroes Alan Alda
Some people I can't name the right a sweat like you just very quick off with his withered hand very berg off
Oh right, Jamie far in his giant nose. Take that Berk off Gary
Good time 70's still pretty well to run on the Jefferson's ahris happy days 57
What is a long list here good? It takes a lot of time to read all these Barney Miller 54 taxi 47 the Murray town of Moore show 35 bad show highly
Overrated what's his name Dick van Dyke was in there and a lot of other dikes
What's this stuff you're sending me in here? Oh, because always is still around
Greatest American hero began 81 wasn't a comedy, but a campy drama if these count duks of hazard or night writer
What you call duks of hazard a sitcom? I've said there was nothing any about it. Oh, sure is all wasn't a drama
John Schneider man
I'm gonna tell you he looked good enough and that just to have life for breakfast lunch in dinner John
Snider and duks has him before became old and grizzled and became the daddy in smallville
John Schneider same guy a lot of people would say John and that was when John Schneider was blonde
in duks of hazard and
Night writer night writer was what was night writer?
That was David Hessel. Hi, David Hessel's house and the gay car. Oh
Night writer was the one with the a talking car. Yes, the gay car. That was a sitcom. That wasn't a sitcom. No
And what about duks of hazard? We have that theme probably have it on here somewhere. I got it
You do got it sure it's not nearly as much fun as if I kill a minute or two here trying to find out other words
You know the words to duks of hazard. I don't know
It all spent some time in red neck he places
Just to get old boy
Well, he sure was pretty man. I'll say that hit even as pretty as he was. I still would not say that's how red neck he was
John's a wayling jetting say in by the way
He was almost too pretty. I'm saying he's a little bit too pretty to be on the safe side
That's it. I'm already great thing. I'll say you can put it on there if you want. I don't care
Whatever duks of hazard. That was a sitcom. I don't know
It was a comedy show, but there's a difference between a sitcom. I even put it on a redneck sitcom
And if we're gonna put that on there what about Beverly Hill believes in the one with the a pig?
I have a good boy. What was that green acres? Beverly Hill believes was great
So we're gonna put those on there green acres sure
Wasn't that any Albert
Y'all come back now here pick that know is pick that banjo pick whatever you got pick that
Let go
As always is all over the place
But it's not the locations there
I'm not in the broard mall
Anybody still go to the broard mall anymore in the plantation?
They're in the crawl ridge mall
They're in the grove. They're in high a Leah. They're in Ford Myers. They're in Hollywood in the Sheridan, Plasma
Wow, they're all over Miami
At Miami International, well of course they're at the airport
Well, that's because I don't go to the airport no more. I'm international needs to go there all the time
And you know something all these people would say they hate that airport. I like it just fine. I don't have no problem with that airport
For a lot of day alone that terminal for it is you know what is what word describes that place? Terminal
Too crowded too ill conceived too ill designed too. It's just not not good
Bayside there's a cause always brickle marketplace day land mall like I said myself the mall about 163rd Street
Are there any white people that go there anymore? I mean, I don't want to make it into a racial thing
But that neighborhood is sure changed hasn't it?
Sunset in 157th, but at 157th, but that's way out west isn't it way out west?
Way up north Sam ticket north to Alaska you know Johnny Horton which you found the other day got on like that song
North to I know what it is you think it was the time of my life see a lot of times you like a song
That is not that good, but it's because the time of your life when it was out with either good things
There we go. I love this. There's nothing wrong with it at all. I would agree
The great the late the great day Johnny Horton he's still there
You're not coming back
My international there for Jacksonmore hospitals got a cazolees the intro coast along on the beach and the pond beach mall west
Palm I don't see any in Broward except the plantation Broward mall only four long-dale coral Ridge mall
And in Hollywood sure
There's plenty of cazolees around and it looks when you look at the pie looks like it needs an oil change
It's got that kind of like orange oil dripping all over and that's good at the greasy part
Mmm when when the oil just drips all over your shirt and you feel like fat rich you know and you got like among all over you
Remember that one appearance we did that time and he was there way before me eating hopping up the free food
And I came in just in time
I went in to take a leak and he was in the men's room in this restaurant and he was
Washing off his shirt because he always wore a lunch and whatever other meals he had on his shirt
Look book a bride wears it on his face
But at any rate so he washed off it looked like he had taken a bath in the sink in other words
He washed so much of the shirt. I am a saying if you if you're washing a spot off it'll dry fairly fast
And maybe you know if it does a good job, but yeah, but he washed it like like he soaked the whole shirt it looked like
So it looked like he had taken a bath in the sink and when a guy that big can take a bath in the sink wow
That is quite an accomplishment. Okay, let's see he's still dead by the way from 176 votes on the pool
I
Think I'm doing an 80 year extension see Rick Shaw he was an inspiration to me
He made it 50 years on here in this town. I'm only 31. It means I got 19 years to go. I don't need be 83
I
Still be kicking ours WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
You and I agree on a lot of different things, but I'm gonna say it's a show Dallas and the 18 both of those things will blow
Everybody else out of the water. Well, maybe hope maybe not how I was
Something was either one of those a sitcom
All we're doing sitcom
And maybe by two they'll figure out what we're doing hey, I like it when they can't finger it out
Okay, it's more fun that way. It's like they're a little confused always keep them off balance
Now what was the one he said? I mean, it's not a sitcom, but Dallas. I want to say it's on this one
This so I might as well play like four seconds of it
Here's a fact. Hey the people start to get much
All right
I
Know now now now I'm gonna jump over right there to a little bit of a lick
Like Paul Wolf who would say a little bit of a cow
So whatever happened with Paul Wolf who it's he made his
Impassioned appeal to keep his job at the World Bank and they said but I beep but it booted up and you were phony and a liar and a
Code trying to lick that the comb yes, he's still looking nothing that I'm a son there look at that
Seriously if he doesn't look like a dead man in a chair now
I've been calling them that for years now that doesn't he look like it the petrified forest man. He looks like
He looks like a corpse a walking corpse a walking corpse the I man. Well, I man
Yes, I man that the Charles the news guy and he always bugged. He's got a good voice
I'm sure he's a fine newsman, but just a suck up. Oh brother. Well, I man. That was his job
You know that kisses ass and of course it's easy to kiss the dead man's ass because he can't run too fast
12 83 will be over 13 number really soon
I think we got to 15 number lectern. You know something Chris if you had a big pair you'd go for 16
other we can do 15 50
15 50 Florida sucks
Lily
Oh
I
a
I won't let it in, it's my life, it's my song
Only you, where even you can't have fun
Like my rising from me, on those golden rays
I wanna die!
I'll die!
It's my love!
You're fair, I'll die!
I wanna save my life, loving you
Live right to work hard, free the Lord of two
And when it's time to head south and grab
I wanna go where the living truth is, I wanna die!
You're doing it right here!
It's my love!
I'll die!
It's my love!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
I'll die!
That's what it's all about!
There are places for a living and there are places for a dying and a flower is for the latter
Get the latter, junior!
So guess what I found over here since you sent some of these out in the mirror yesterday?
George got out of his sick bed and hung over a drunken bed to mail out that package to a close personal friend of ours
Sure!
And it included the old keychain
And it also included the Mandol keychain, I hope too, right?
Yes I did!
Thank God for that!
Thank you George, you're welcome!
I know there's one on here that we can't play on the air where you can sit on the couch
That's right!
I know what that is too!
Check the finger on it!
Just to make sure we don't have to keep dumping the stuff in the rotation
That would be funny
And then last and least
And then the one after that is
I stuck that baby down there between my legs
Between my knees and it was vibrating
You just stuck my right fiber in
Vibrating mode, in fact where is that thing vibrating mode?
Do we still have that?
Sure!
I don't think I ever have that!
I should be able to do it!
Get out of here under what?
I don't know, MHD vibrating
MHD
I don't know!
Get out of here!
You just make this crap up as you go along!
That's besides the point
MHD
Oh, HD
HD-vibrating
There's no goal for that one!
Try that!
I'm sure he will!
HD-vibrating
HD-vibrating
Okay, one moment please
If I have this, because I know I don't have it!
Oh, trust me!
That's why I never...
I'm not in here!
Alright, I got this!
We'll chamblin' rate me!
I got that!
And I got this!
That's Mo
The Moai here at...
The Moai-mism!
Not!
So the type smoker thinks that this sort of humor is funny
I'm sure readings for the last book!
Oh, brother!
You see, our readings for the last book!
1298, I'm gonna click it again, and I bet you...
Old fat Chris there is gonna like jump out of...
No, he's not!
Jump out of your seat!
That would be something if you jumped out of the seat!
That building would collapse!
Still 1298, but we're on a verge of 13, I remember that's the point!
We got the 1500, look, easy!
And as time goes on here today,
we'll see just exactly where we are, I wanna go with it!
You understand?
What is that?
What is that?
In other words, we will see what kind of a goal set!
Life is all about setting goals and making them, you know what I'm saying?
Like if you see somebody that looks really good, in your mind you set a goal and say,
I want that!
You know what I mean?
And of course it's about going out and getting it, you know, reaching out, grabbing it,
bet, squeezing it, fondling it, you know what I'm saying?
Like that!
Like that!
Doug Thompson, capital to hill blue, who's got a piece today?
Everybody ought to get a piece today.
He says probably a lot of hangovers to depend on this morning,
just like the one George had yesterday morning.
Mm-hmm.
Bit a lot of high-ranking brass went out and got blasted after listening to the president
and Bush's speech about his veto on the Iraq funding bill,
or they reached for the antidepressants after watching Bush claim that all he wants to do
is listen to the military experts when it comes to his failed Iraq war.
All I really wanna do is not a share song, didn't share do that?
I actually like that song and I'm not too big on her song.
All I wanna do is that something in share?
Sing a little more.
All I really wanna do is make love to you and to go to the zoo
and put on a move, was that it?
Oh man, I like that.
Now is it share or something in share?
Both.
The mold of it.
Both problem together.
What's the line?
The one's dead and the other is touching it.
It seems like the tongue is blown.
Yeah!
Yeah, this is a good song.
Look, it's touching the eye.
It's not good.
Don't you know what it is?
You can have it by a bit still by a bit.
I know what you mean by that.
You don't like this one?
No.
No, no, no, no, no.
Not killing it.
Ooh.
Well what is wrong with that?
Anyway, he says no kidding, that's what the man said.
Bush claims that he wants, all he wants to do is listen to the military experts
when it comes to his fellow rack war.
12 weeks ago, Doug Thompson says I asked the Congress to, and this is what he's quoting.
Bush, probably so I asked the Congress to pass an emergency war spending bill that
will provide our brave young man and women in uniform with the funds and flexibility they need.
Instead, members of the House and the Senate passed a bill that substitutes the opinions
of politicians for the judgment of our military commanders, so a few minutes ago, I vetoed the bill he said.
Yep, Bush now claims the rack to buckle as the military's war, he had nothing to do with it.
He's protecting the right of the commanders to determine the war policy of this nation,
then the politicians full speed ahead.
Apparently Bush no longer considers himself for any of his political appointees to be politicians
that he's just suffering for one of his many memory lapses.
He forgets that politicians got us into this mess in the first place.
Vice President Cheney is a politician, so as former Defense Secretary Rumsfeld,
both our career politicians have ignored the advisory commanders
and sent American men and women to die in an ill-conceived war based on lies.
The military experts urged caution about the politicians of the White House to ignore the advice
and launched the war that has now cost America more than 3,500 lives,
$500 billion and four years of wasted effort.
Now Bush says we must stop listening to the politicians let the commanders run the war.
Back in 2003 the commanders urged Bush to stick to the battle plan in Afghanistan,
capture or summon bin Laden and forget about Iraq.
If he had listened to the military commanders back then,
we probably wouldn't be mired in the Iraq Civil War that we started, that we can't win,
and that as this did go down in history as America's most monumental foreign policy blunder ever.
Back then Bush had the politicians in his hip pocket live the country in a rousing course of over there
while sending others to death in his war.
Now that voters turned out his rubber-stand congress and elected new leadership
that America wants out of Iraq, Bush decides it's time to stop listening to politicians,
at least any politician who disagrees with him.
And in doing so, we're setting up a rack military commander general David Petraeus
to be his fall guy when we leave Iraq and defeat some time in the future.
Like a loyal soldier Petraeus takes orders from his commander and chief, that's the problem.
The commander and chief is also the president of the United States.
Last time we checked the president is also a politician.
For once George W. Bush told the truth, he said politicians are the problem, case closed.
Right, sir buddy, Doug Thompson.
And David News is he's still alive, okay?
They're hunting his ass down and one of these days I hope they'll not find him,
but nevertheless they probably will.
And then you won't see him no more.
Doug Thompson.
They tried to shut his ass down and you're aware of that.
That's not just making that up.
No, I remember the story you were reading and he was out of view, out of sight there for a while.
Yeah, he was hiding and fearing for his life because the Gestapo was coming to find his ass.
1306 on the pool, by the way Chris is pretty damn excited about this.
Even though it doesn't sound like he was, he doesn't make a lot of noise because he's too fat to get that animated.
I noticed like, I've been there, done that, been so fat they can barely breathe.
You know, it's not a comfortable feeling, you know, he's barely breathing.
That was funny.
Wonderful W2M 1560.
It's the man behind the black curtain car rolls.
I don't usually step out of my closet, but I am so ugly about shadow crowds touching me.
Let this be a warning to all of you out there.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't touch me, baby.
And you silly, I'm a sad and lazy guy.
Another screaming like we say.
Don't care what middle walls have to say.
Don't touch me, I don't want any.
Oh, I miss Chetgan.
I dressed as rich.
This lovely boy.
I miss Chetgan.
That kind of guy will catch our rolls.
Our rolls are mine.
Man, the round line.
I'm maybe Carl Rove.
You're fair.
Love a 32, 20, until noon at Q&A.
I'm mad dog coming up from 2 to 5.
No, hopper today.
He's in Louisville for the Kentucky Derby plunging his guts out.
Gambling up a storm, baby.
Oh, anyway, I looked up I'm a side-goo-old.
He was born July 23rd, 1940, which means he's not even quite three years old.
And I'm not just over two years old and I am.
Because in November, I'll be 65.
So he's like, 67 in July.
He could pass for 97 easy.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Easy.
Those clips they showed on CNN today, I just...
He looks like an ancient old lady.
I mean, a real old lady, a great, great grandma in a chair.
Like a dead old lady in a chair.
When he's suing, he wants the job back for what?
For what?
Napierdados.
Oh, is that what it is?
God Almighty, how much money is that old fart made in all these years?
They were paying him $7 million a year to be a dead man in a chair.
I'd take that.
Christ, even I'm not making that.
Close.
No, not even close.
13, ever 17, Eric, by the way, is getting a little exasperated with some of these callers off.
There he says, what's your or some of the factors as well?
What's your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom?
And he's got the sitcom in dark, black, big, letters, underlying sitcom?
Not, you know, I mean, there he is again.
Look at that.
I'm a sly Iman.
He put the I in the word dead.
You don't know what fart to ranch or anything.
Good.
Golly, miss Molly.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Holy crap.
Anybody's near CNN?
Don't trade it on.
Your boy, your brain's on.
Even if you're more or nine, you'll feel pretty good about yourself because Jesus.
13, 17 is what we got on the thing.
And I think it was Brandon Pundats.
And like, green acres and verbally held the leaves.
They were really 60s.
But I think both of them sloped into the early 70s.
So it's okay.
Napierdados.
Well, I'm just looking at the story.
Napierdados.
Yeah, Mesh 162.
It's a really good battle between Mesh and all in the family.
155.
So maybe if we want to see justice then I should try to goose up all in the family a little bit.
What's that?
Oh, that's a bit.
All on the wrong disc.
Okay, when that happens.
Pull it away, Glenn Miller.
I've got that other one.
The other version that goes on, it's got like about 18 courses.
I don't want to punch you around and dig that out.
So on the night I hit her right.
Because like us we haven't been.
Those right that died.
Now to me, I even correct me if I'm wrong.
But one of the most underrated deaths.
I mean, Marlon Brando was certainly one and also Carol O'Connor.
When they died, the earth should have stood still for at least a few days.
You think?
Okay, sure.
I mean, I bet you most people even though the Carol O'Connor is dead.
Probably not.
And, you know, what do you think about a guy named Carol anyway?
And you knew where you were.
Girls were girls and men while men.
One thing talked about a bad career move.
Although I'm sure he wasn't hurting for money by the time he croaked.
But that in the heat of the night, the TV series, the movie was good with Rod Stiger.
Remember the movie in the heat of the day?
Rod Stiger was dead.
He's also dead.
Sydney Pontea was in there.
Is he dead too?
No.
Well, why do you say it like that?
You say that I like to look at pie?
I know.
I mean, don't get all emotional about it.
There's no way for you to know that I can't move around again.
There ain't no world where it stays.
That's when I think all this is white.
She's our old lost, sour and graced.
Oh, old, why not again?
Now, seriously, that's in second place.
It's very close and there are a number of under-hooting discs.
What is that?
They hear that.
Well, I dialed it too fast.
That's not even the right cut.
Oh, I'm on the wrong disc again.
I don't want to hear fonds here.
Please, please, cracker, please.
Don't do that to me no more.
What is it I'm looking for?
I give it a mash.
I'm looking for mash.
Mash with Hated, DD Sharap.
Oh, boy.
I gotta find that again.
This is my eye clock.
This is so bland and like you said, the pressure is a little...
Mash, the date is gravy, a little richer than all that stuff.
Hey, little richer, you're fair.
He found God though, man.
He found religion.
He's one of them ex-kays now.
He used to be a man.
He's straightened a baby out.
Somebody who met on the street call and they straightened it up.
When it died, go straightened it up.
And let me just point this out to you.
If you look at that poor result right now, Chris,
because I know you're very much into these numbers and stuff
or at least I pretend you are to give you kind of like an identity.
1324.
I have 1326.
Who goes around a little bit, huh?
I have 1326.
You're such an ass.
Well, like most said, although he said the whole word.
1324.
And now you say 1326.
Well, let me click that view current thing on Aaron says 1326.
So what are we thinking?
We're going to have 1400 by the top by noon.
Oh, yeah.
I think we're going for 16 today, man.
1600.
And in the modern era of this show, the idea.
And I remember that when it's when we started a month ago or whatever,
we'd be doing it.
And some of these people voted 400 times.
Who cares?
1600 with that.
And eventually, even George would be impressed by that.
To watch books and butts and boinking.
Hello.
This is Albert Kite from TauliBan Records,
which is a song that's been played by the new American infidel
to buy latest cat Stevens collection.
You know my homie is right.
Let's take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
Make those in that old man.
I was only shooting this classic.
I was on the airplane.
And suddenly, it was DJ.
Their mac is I invert.
And we're a town on my head.
I don't know what I'm at.
I'm in followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
It wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find dark skin.
And a rag.
If you want a detainee.
Another variation on the classic.
I ask myself every day.
Which American should pay.
Tell me who would you homie slay?
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
Out right.
She lived her veil and exposed herself.
So buy Newcastle's collection today from 1995.
Or you can play with Lisa, Mastercard or weapons of Master Strauss.
That's a bad news for all you astronaut fans out there.
Wally Sharah is dead.
He was 84.
He was one of the original seven Mercury astronauts.
Let's hear Big Harah for Wally Sharah.
But he's dead.
Well, very much.
Rest in peace.
And the sentence ashes up there to that big space shuttle in the sky.
Or whatever.
1334 on the pole.
You think I'm stretching a little bit?
Well, Chris said 1250.
Let's shoot for 1250.
If we can get to 13, then.
Then, what did I say?
1550.
1250 was yesterday, wasn't it?
You okay over there?
I don't know.
Too many numbers.
Too many numbers.
Too many spins of the machine.
Boy.
How did I ever come out of there with my pantaloon design yesterday?
That was just what a comeback.
When you make a big comeback, when you lose in your ass, I mean, when you are really having a really bad day again.
And all of a sudden, but a bing, but a boom, but a bob, whatever.
And you come out even, even a little bit ahead.
I had to bet you a lot of money that I wasn't going to win yesterday.
Robert Scheer writes, Tennis Tretary.
You know, Bob Robert Scheer writes for the nation.
He wasn't good enough for the LA Times because he was a little bit too liberal.
Tennis Tretary says the three short sentences at the beginning of chapter 17,
a former CIA director George Tennis memoir at the center of the storm, tell it all.
The United States did not go to war in Iraq solely because of WMD.
I doubt it was even the principal cause yet it was the public face that was put on it.
Consider the deep cynicism of that statement plain as it does on the greatest threat to humanity's survival
and apocalyptic nuclear configuration to exploit the fears of a nation raw from the 9-11 attacks.
An apocalyptic nuclear configuration, boy.
The mushroom thought over Manhattan that now Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Vice President Dick Chadyworn against
was nothing more than a cheaper, torrental trick to just define a gender of imperial intervention in the Middle East
that long preceded the 9-11 attacks.
The goal was to ban Boussial Americans after supporting the restructuring of the politics in the Middle East to accord
with the fantasies of a small band of neo-conservative rogues who had insinuated themselves into the highest levels of US government.
That they were rose was known to the chief of the CIA and men rewarded by President Boussial with the Medal of Freedom, precisely because he provided respectable cover for the
jacquinery that drove the Iraq debacle, pity that it took a $4 million book contract for tenant to come clean.
While tenant remains silently observed the neo-concuted top close, his most devastating revelations
sit around the annex of that neo-con cabal in the Pentagon and its hit squad dubbed Team Fight for Douglas Fight,
a protg of former deputy secretary of defense Paul Wolfowitz and through him former secretary of defense,
Donald Roosevelt and Cheney.
Team Fight's main task was to create and maintain the fiction of a connection between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden
when no solid evidence supported that assertion.
The intelligence unit fight headed said about discrediting the conclusions of every other intelligence operation
while cherry picking evidence to support the invasion of Iraq as a logical response to 9-11.
Tenants high crime and it is just that was that he knew of this treachery from the start,
he had never exposed it to the Congress or to the public.
Take tenant's description of the briefing provided by Fight's Office throughout the higher reaches of government entitled
Iraq and Al-Qaeda making the case.
As tenant notes, Fight's brief or a Tina Shelton started out by saying that there should be no more debate on the
Iraq Al-Qaeda relationship, it's an open and sharp case, you said.
No further analysis is required.
This statement instantly got my attention, I knew we had trouble in our hands, said tenant.
Shelton ran through a series of fraudulent claims including one that lead hijacker Muhammad Ata had met with a
Iraqi agent in Prague which the CIA had previously investigated but found to be fraudulent, never happened.
Tenant then adds, I listened for a few more minutes trying to be polite before saying that's very interesting.
This was one of my rare moments of trying to be subtle what I was really thinking was this is complete craft
and I want this to end right now.
How do you like that? That's what he was thinking, we didn't say it's complete.
That's right.
But he didn't say it and the complete craft of team five carried the day with the Bush administration from Bush on down.
Not because they had the facts or logic on their side but because the intellectual bullying served the political agenda of the Karl Rove juggernaut.
The bullying was effective only because Congress and the media were traumatized by 9-11 and because those who knew better, most
prominently tenant failed to speak up. In the end, tend to be trade the bedrock freedom of represented democracy, the right of the people to be informed and failed when it mattered most.
His sworn duty to honestly inform the government about issues of vital importance to its security.
Tenant knowing the administration was willfully leading our nation into a horrific war in Iraq that would detract from the real fight against terrorism, had an obligation to resign and go public with his knowledge when the work had been prevented.
Tenant knew that the Bush administration had sold the public a package of lies but he waited to reveal that truth until they could turn a hefty book profit.
We'll tenet share of the book royalties with the grieving families of the dead and wounded from this war that he concedes he could never honestly justify or with the US taxpayers who were stuck with a trillion dollar bill for the never ending occupation and reconstruction of Iraq.
After one of his talks, he will apparently be arrested for complicity and war crimes.
We can only hope. That's what Bobby Sheer says in the nation.
Your buddy Robert Sheer tells it like it is and that's why he got candid the LA Times. He tells the most true. There he is, there is the Walice Hurrah 84. Well he looked pretty old too. Why is 84?
Wonder what I'm going to look like when I'm 84.
I know you've got a lot of lines for that probably mostly in a box and all I say I know his to me. I think you're going to live to be 100.
Yeah right. Just out of spite of his own. That's why I'm a miserable or perverted bastard and proud of it.
1345 on the pool. What's your favorite theme song from a TV sitcom and mash is still leading. Oh God almighty. What are we going to do about that?
Yeah, it's such a what is good about that? Can you tell me? I mean they like it. Obviously, but that's not the question. Huh?
We're talking about suicide for Christ's sake. It is? Yeah. That's the instrumental version of a song called Suicide is Painless.
Which was in the movie, mash. That's where they got it from. Well maybe we have a lot of suicidal people out there as possible.
They're in South Florida after all most of them. Mash 164 all in the family 156. I just can't put all in the family over the top. Maybe because Carol Connor still dead.
Or maybe they just are nervous about a guy named Carol. Welcome back hotter 123, which really sucked. The result of this pull is very disturbing to me. Aren't you disturbed? Yeah.
WKRP W Krapen since the 91 11 Sanford and someone from 110 110 the Jefferson's 10107. Good times 79. See in South Florida, they'd rather be voting for a show named bad times. Not good times. Who wants good times in Florida?
I think it's illegal in it. I think your former your fat ass governor. That was the last thing he made illegal to have good times in Florida. Fat ass jab except his family though.
They can party in the snort coke and scooter girlfriends in a parking lot and stuff like that. But anybody else no good times. That was the last edict speaking of all in the family last edict of your fat ass governor.
Barney Miller 61 happy days 59 taxi 51. The Murray Tyler Moore show 36 with that drunk. What's his name?
The I couple 30 more more Amsterdam was on their two wasn't he? The I couple 35 the love boat the love boat. The party family 26 the Brady Bunch 22. Three is company 21. The love boat. That was a terrible show. Mod 20, Chico and a man 20. Lever in squarely 17. Chlamilla, Salamazzol, Schmagegi, Schmendrick, Schmuck.
Different stroke 17 soap 13. Don't drop it. How about that body wash? We haven't done that pulling what couple weeks. Right. One data one gate of time 13. That's the way I take him one gate of time 13.
Greatest American hero 11 Bob Newhart show 11 Alice 10. What are how Alice Rantel is doing? Is she sure still is located that self-hating queen? Alice Rantel. Room 222 8. A vote for room 222. Now I'm trying to was that was no one with Valerie Burton.
Yes. Because of a girl made some comment about yesterday he thought she was cute as she had that button nose you know she was cute now she's not. Oh I wouldn't think she's too cute no more no was she not a 97 she looks like Don I miss same person ever seen together she's the new spokesperson for Jenny Craig.
No she's not. Yes. Why why? I've seen that spot that's who that is. Yeah. She's standing next to a Christie alley okay to try to make Christie look good and she doesn't.
And somebody out of tell them whoever make that spot over Jenny Craig not to put Christie on those like Lea Tards that she's wearing are like six sizes too small to try to.
They have to she's got a lot of loose skin so that's good. She is truly discussed in Christian.
Yeah. Cushie go. What happened on that? I don't. Beverly Hill billies six which I'm not sure if it was a 70s we don't care green acres five that's the one with the pig right and they were good boy. Yes.
A good boy who for many many years was a Merv Griffin's beard. Duce of Hazard to with a really good looking John Schneider back in the day when he was under 100 Benson to not even know that show Benson. Yeah it was a spin off from soap you ever see soap.
Yeah. I've seen it. Well then you understand. I remember. I got my body but but but but but but but but but but. Never seen it.
All right. So life's got one and road is got one I wasn't wrote that was a spin off of the Vernon squirly. I think it was a spin off of Mary Tyler more.
Oh but I'm not sure spin that drapedal baby 1354 which means we're closing I don't know can we do 16. Wow 1360 catch the cat WKAT March 1st 1976 the near larger show they views on WKAT on Miami Beach on Bay Road.
What was that gate road. Well those were the days man those were the days when they had that Mayflower that gay strip club. Oh baby right there on Alton Road's a matter of fact those are the days.
When the town was like a lot more fun than it is right now whenever some living and breathing people you know other than those 10 blocks in South Beach even the gallop that it yesterday is already say 15 blocks.
There's 15 blocks in South Beach and that's supposed to be the nightlife in the county and that's it. That's according to Miguel and he knows his stuff because now he didn't even then he moved the bride finally or what yes.
Even Miguel who's a professional Kubano baby. Oh what's the big deal with that. Broward County's been overrun by people who know speaking in glaze and that's fine with us. Just wait look good. Huh? Just wait. Trotto's on the way.
There in the couple. Oh and there was a fat Russian woman yesterday. Oh my God is there any other kind besides a fat old Russian woman. Yeah. There's a lot of Josh Cordist's girlfriend kind. But he's not old. No. He's not fat yet but he will be someday. And I'll say oh when I get myself into the world.
But anyway this woman was farting so bad on the chair right next to me. I thought I really thought at one point I was going to you never have vertigo. No. Your head starts spinning and you get really dizzy and you like you can't keep your balance. I thought I was going to pass out on the flow every day.
No no no it was I losing my arse but this woman I like to move my head around like to try to like you know get my nose out of the pathway of the.
Oh you know I mean it happens to the worst of us okay everybody fart's now in it but but go off to the side somewhere go run off to some other some other area like outside would be good.
When they have that big statue of that horse sit in front of wood mine go out there and fart at the horse he won't mind. Good God in fact she farted like a horse this woman I didn't hear it but yeah what it sound like.
I could to replay it for I didn't hear but yes something I would have much rather here here here did then smelled it. Oh man the sights and smells of wood by I'm going to write a book about that place I really am.
This is pretty quick whenever I shave my balls I listen to the meal Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Hey sounds that you hate but I'm in it and I think they're really great I doubt that you can't hit a one or two much less or eight.
It sounds that you hate.
I'm in from the boys they will surely separate I tell you what they are guaranteed you'll go yeah I like fingernails on a blackboard.
People crack their neck for the knuckles when I rough style of home together that just makes me.
Hey sounds you can't stand what you could tolerate if you were a half a man I am and to the list of eight a fork and a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate.
Here's what I really love you might want to try it give me feedback in my headphones.
Oh yeah that's more like it little more little more over there little more.
Hey sounds so unique now let's review so you can really really free figure nails on a blackboard.
People crack their neck for the knuckles rub inside or form together cause it makes me chuckle I like when the sneakers on a gym floor raising in a room and a window when I get this to drilling my mold that makes me say no.
My boy singing on his record you can't hold on fine China if he shall give you the shivers that make you a whiner.
Hey you go nuts and someone bite their fork like this but I love it here I'll do it again.
Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee wiping a window I back my neck?
Supra you whips, suffer a whips, oh wait I got one more.
Did I got even better one?
Probably three at five sixty WNQM happy Thursday to you from all your pies on the QAM.
Tomorrow's ratings come out 10 o'clock sharp Dave Johnson be called a little more than Kentucky Derby preview.
I'll do some homework on that then I won't I?
Yes. I already picked a, well I read I already picked a winner reading.
There is no business like show business I like the name of the horse and I just like what I read about.
And what about that dosage thing you know about dosage?
No.
Not bad to do 1376 votes I don't where I come up with 1600 we're not going to do all.
I've always been about two hours to go though right.
Right.
I'm thinking it's one o'clock I guess that's wishful thinking how can it only be noon?
Are you kidding me it's only noon it's only 12 o'clock before I feel like I've been sitting here.
Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
You idiot. See there we go again that's the South Florida crowd blaming me for somebody else's bad gas if I were to cut it I'd be the one who admitted I'd tell you wasn't me the dog done it what a jerk
Why'd you just get up and walk away yeah that would have been the beautiful thing to do just just leave my machine there it's busy
It's the middle of the afternoon I got a machine see this guy don't even know how the hell it works he doesn't understand how you sit there and he
He pouring the hundreds in one after another and losing and losing in your mind you're counting
1617 or eight and you're just you know the sweat is pouring off your armpits. It's the pits
Why don't you get up and move pal? That's what everybody is waiting for you to get up and move your fat ugriass with your big stupid mouth
WQA and hello
You know you said something yesterday that I really
Appreciate it you said the Chris has some self respect young man now that's very important
You agree
You don't have self respect another one like for instance when you negotiate the contract and do things you have respect if they don't give you what you want to walk out the door right no
Let's have respect. I'm gonna walk out the door with this kind of a deal. Are you a crazy person like the line?
I don't know what you want like you want to do a Friday deal. Are you getting off Friday?
I that was not even my idea that was their idea that wasn't my idea
That's called self respect no
Yeah, if it's their idea it's called self respect get out of here. Whoa brother
What were those two calls all about I don't know yet to try to respect is because it was their idea that there was like an enticement
Inducing maybe it was Norma's idea. I don't know whose idea was and I said yeah sure
Sure, whatever you want you can put Russian Chinese melodies on here by that time 2009 2010 who cares?
Okay as long as I get my little puny salary you know every couple of weeks and my 85 weeks off
And it was you know perks the dolphin tickets and all this other stuff
So I get all that stuff taken care. What do I care?
You can put Chinese mizurkas on there on Friday and George doesn't care either. He's gonna stay home again
Thursday nights. He's gonna go out to get drunk again. You bet every week every Thursday go horn go cheatin
How many Q.A.M. Hello?
Yeah, we don't twenty two with Karen black. Yeah, no Valerie Brittnilly. What was she? Yeah, she was one day at a time
Oh and curse the alien
Karen black and
Valerie Brittnilly. So I'll get together and do a busy chain
Yeah, that would be to be something one day at a time is that honest this list
That ought to be I got it if you don't well see I'm tired of that. I got it a few don't you know what what could is that
Or got to Bob Newhart show boy. That's really bad. He used to be funny like I missed about it a million years ago
Not new heart. Yeah, this is right. No, he's not not anymore. Well, you see you found the new
Hello
Time
Oh
I got it
This is it all right and the case of that show they left a couple letters off of the beginning of the word it
I can't tell you which letters they are 1387 on the pool
See I'm trying in my mind. I don't know. I'm having such difficulty. They're figuring out it's the numbers thing
You know sitting there and punching that machine all day for hours and hours and hours and then on the five dollar machine
I got a spin for 750 and immediately following on the line
2500 bucks
So in two punches of the button there's 3,250 bucks not bad, eh?
Not bad
See you I mean if you ever played wheel of fortune do you have no no no no no no no no no no no we played some slots out in Vegas
I have no idea what the hell I was playing. What do you mean you don't know what you were playing?
I don't know doing a little more slot the research before you start dropping your money. I got it
We're living from paycheck to paycheck and you're dropping money in slot machines man
I know about a different kind of slot. Yeah, I bet you do and
No comment. I have a great line for that
I bet you do 90 I have a great line for that in your case makes a lot of sense Q.A. M. Hello
Yeah, one drop too many Q.A. M. Hello
WQ. A. M. Hello
Yes, sir
WQ. A. M. Hello
Yes, hey room 220. Do is cheering back on time and the best guy just said here in black. She's the cross-eyed one
Yeah, it's not black. It's Valentine. You know that that theme is cold-shacked and not cocky. We doormy Kevin. Dairy
McAven that was a good one. That's a good show. That's a great show. In fact, that's also still in reruns. I bet you we don't have that on this disc
Then that was then there was in the 70s of the 80s night stalker. Oh, 70s are pretty sure yet
Well, how come I can't find it on here? I got it on here somewhere. I got these really remote these very obscure
I don't have it either that chicken XM. Yeah, I got the theme from Kupla friend and Ali all I got to get this on oh
Boy that is so much fun
Especially if you're a hundred years old like me and chicken heck worth the only ones who appreciate this stuff and everybody else is going
Oh geez, Neil. No, be playing that real old stuff that nobody ever heard of before. Well, why not?
It's like a pubic service man. This is stuff that you guys missed
Kupla friend and Ali with birdtills drum. He was the a puppeteer
He was also gay and friend Alison. How did I know that that he was gay?
Where did I ever pick up on that I never picked him up. Thank God, but I'm trying to get this thing to queue up
And it just doesn't want to do it wouldn't that be bad if this doesn't queue up?
Medium bad
Why isn't it queuing up? It's starting there, huh?
Well, Boka Brian chicken that made me this guy I play these before so I know sooner or later. Maybe you got mug on it
I did not mung on okay
It says servo on what what does that mean servo on the server is like little motors and stuff in there. Oh, but it's not queuing up
It doesn't even say table of conscience in the meantime
So it was Karen Valentine. It's really amazing
I had to show that bad that we went through all these different carons it was Karen black
It was Karen Valerie Brutnelli was this one was that one?
I guess I'll have to try the other deck because that one is working like direct
Speaking of words you said he's still is he's still working there. He's around I think and sure how many about it's probably still a second some money out of that joint
He hasn't sold anything on this show in about a hundred years. I mean just as well
Servo on I have a feeling that means that this this is oh there goes. It's a CD all right
See if you want here it is I love it
I
Here we are back with you again. Yes, I go and yes
They're old. I'll be here. We are again. Here we are again
Here we are again
Oh
Wow
Don't you feel like a tingle in your toes just from here? I feel so
This is a mohawada David with an important message from men over a hundred and eighty if you see it strange things floating in your eyes or
Occasionally see the shadow people well then you made me suffering from a
macaroni degeneration the voiced sides of macaroni degeneration little white dude
Noodle-y looking lines on your nose. No, they doodles. Those are maggots
Who you calling a fake I said
You need your hearing check
What do you know about that now see here the health us for hoses and
Case management has an encounter with other sport holes
Well, and there is sure of them being in the pink so to speak and more exciting in the bedroom
I see the reason why they want so many men's health spots why sure so stick and see how them in better here
That's why I'm telling them about the macaroni degeneration. It's macaroni
degeneration coming at you go and strong
Watch it jump. I don't like no mysterious way now. Put yourself behind some place
We got a lot to see see
Go try it on the street
Oh
17 at 560 W.M. Happy Thursday. You'll never guess what I just found. I was looking I don't know some sugar
Now why are you peeing in my career? What would you do that Chris told me to do it. He gave me a dollar faster
Oh, hey, check it out
When it does check it out
What's happening?
They want us to find a way just
William versus for back pay
What do you like about it? I'll give you a nickel
Yeah
That means the 95 cent believe me if I keep playing it you'll need it
You'll need and I'll leave it. I can't afford to argue. Well, I can't believe I found that
From 200 years ago
When they were playing
All right, it's your heart out. I'm us. Okay, I better get that discounted right now. I'm
You better kiss your ass goodbye. I think it's the way that goes and then yes, that is how it goes
You better kill you. Okay, look at them CNN International
How do you like that for coincidences?
Coincidae
Oh god, it's a
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, that's right. You are bad and that that was not on that this the other one
Oh
Kind of leaves it. That's not on there
Unfortunately, she was just on CNN International right all the way do have uh this
Wow
Remember Al Zolson I sure like that one song. He's saying mommy. How I love you. How I love you. I got him all dear old
Mommy, remember that well for mother's day, you know
Build a replaced touchscreen voting with optical scarrosent together Chris
Is that it sounds like it's a new this is it buddy
Everything seems
I got a good collection
Have that I got
Post by the way
Mommy
My old man
Mother's day mother's day a week from Sunday. I believe yes, sir. Yeah, sure
Here comes the hook
My little man
Mommy
I just don't know what popular
The sun shans with and I know where the sun shans been I know where I'm your breast
Mommy he was legendary. I understand Al Zolson. He was what do we need to understand?
I saw that movie. He was apparently very big for some reason yet. We do the first break or what?
Yeah, we did it. I just never crossed it off. That's not good
I get re-eninvertes when I failed to cross off a break because it means my old-timers is kicking in or I'm just having such a good time
I'm not trying a builder replaced touchscreen voting machines with a paper ballot make Florida's
Presidential primary one of the earliest the nation is headed to your
Gay governor Charlie Christ with the limperist
And a 118 to zero vote
118 to nothing the thought of house this morning past elections
Villiers optical scan balling as replacement to that screen machines in 15 counties including Palm Beach and Rowered
The 20 million dollar cost will come from the federal government replacing the controversial touchscreen machines was among Christophe priorities
You go Charlie you
Forbidings have told us they want trustworthy reliable and verifiable elections to stay represented Dorothy Huckiel
Republican report orange the bill also moves float as 2008 presidential primary from March to
January 29
Wow, we wow wow wow
I'm January 29 the Republican controlled house killed in effort Thursday by Democrats to change the date to February 5
The Democrats wanted to avoid distribution from the national parties which evolved to punish candidates who campaigned in
Florida's early primary by stripping those nominee delegates
If anybody is going to become present they need to win Florida demonstrates important Florida said representative David Rivera
Republican amami well
I got news for a Barack Obama is going to kick swilleries ass. You'll see. Am I right? Yes
1405 on a poll now they will fear us. We're never going to get to 16
Why did you even say that Chris? That was a that was a moment of weakness on your part an actor of lunacy no doubt
Okay, but
We will settle for 15 though and not what we said earlier. That's what I said to begin the show. That's good enough
It's good enough for us 15 old bean
Property owners waiting to hear from Florida's legislature about how much their taxes will be cut will have to hold on hold on now
All you whippersnappers hold on and least another month battling lawmakers gave up yesterday and trying to find a solution will come back in June in
Hunyo
The news caught in middly disappointed governor by surprise and troubled some property owners and real estate agents
Hoping for a clear tax relief plan from a legislature that made property taxes to dominate issue fourth session
But how speaker the lovely Marco Rubio who once said it would be a failure if legislators finished the session Friday without a meaningful tax cut
Refused to back off a plan that calls for a steep savings by eliminating all homeowner property taxes in favor of raising sales tax
We could have probably passed something yesterday. We'll cut your taxes 18 bucks a year
Rubio said labeling such a plan a thalahassee special a phony reform 18 bucks my ass
The West Miami Legislator in his counterpart senate president Ken Pruitt
We don't want to do it said they were close to an agreement, but didn't want to be rushed
They agreed to meet June 1222 promising to approve a cost social amendment for voters this fall that would help guarantee savings for all tax payers
But the major ideological rift will still be there in June in Hunyo Rubio wants to fundamentally change the tax structure
Pruitt and Chris want to maintain the basic structure, but rollback the month of local governments contacts
Pruitt initially had to call for the special session manifold and Rubio and the governor of my beloved o'clock yesterday
More insane there was too little time left to create a responsible and well understood plan in other words
But about a beep betta boop betta about like that like they always do in legislature
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money
1410 votes and we're all over the place with all these other playing a lot of stuff that doesn't even fit on here
I got a disc in there that I don't even know what's on it and the way things are going right now probably
What did I do with that other one? I better burn it. Oh
What now you got all excited when I started to play that because you're an ojaham provocateur
They don't want to put your ass on on Friday they got to put up with you all the time when I'm on vacation and all summer long during my
Schedulance etc
That summer schedule by the way is getting really really close
boys
It's getting very very near and dear to my heart, you know what I mean today's the second what is it the third of May the third
El turd de maio
Saturdays. I'll sink with a mile by the way and go help a mexican celebrate and go to Taco Bell
God, I love Taco Bell. Don't you? Yeah, I look upon. I think it's the greasy meat
So it's the same it's the same oily stuff and didn't they also drop the trans fats to Taco Bell or my dreaming about that
I know Kentucky fried so they did I don't know. I don't know what I don't care. I just likes it man
That kind of orange
Oil that's dripping down like from the meat mmm and the burritos and the breeder supreme is in the tacos
Then they got that crunchy thing because that's the carbs and that stuff. I can't eat that right
So I think next time I go there what I'm going to do they have forks right there at the counter is take a fork and get like six breeder
Supremes and just open them all up and eat the stuff inside
And that's not like something a real pig would do well, you know when you're when you're fat
You didn't get that way because you're in moderation, okay? Fat people don't eat small portions trust me when I tell you my right
Greg it's a thyroid
Am I right Chris? Yeah, fat people don't eat small portions that guy they called two days ago
And seriously, I want to thank him even though it wasn't his intent was to be a real pain in the ass
Which he was I want to thank him for inspiring me to do my sugar-free a may
sugar-free may
Now you guys are probably thinking oh as soon as the show ends you're gonna run over and get candy at ice cream and no
I'm not I believe in
Chris don't
Say Chris can't Chris is
You believe me today today. Yeah, and yesterday that would be two days and I what about on the weekend? Oh
Oh on the weekend
I think what also helped cure me was the fact I got that bryor cinnamon cinnamon crunch something
Whether it looked so good on the you know on the package and the ingredients sounded like caramel and cinnamon that oh man sounded great and it sucked
It sucked
Like the godfather and somebody's new Ben and Jerry's I talked about that a week or two ago are these
Horrible flavors. They've come up within the laboratory. I think even the boris Bobby pig. That's probably why he croaked too much godfather
From 27 to Q.A
Thinking of her calling the sheriff from toilet paper abuse outline
The East Abair is cycling your TP. You know TP does have two sides
If you are wanting to report someone using two whole toilet paper squares when going for dookie
Please they pressing one
If someone is using three squares of TP
Please they're pressing three and if you are knowing someone who is so ecologically responsible
Has to be using more than three squares someone to think is but dookie doesn't stink
They aren't to be a serious better got problem with them
What is wrong with you paper in my country video to even have toilet paper?
We don't even have toilets
Always have a stick in a hole in the ground because because then the shins of your search you should be
Thank you for calling. Yeah, yeah stick it. That's my suggestion all you guys 12 32 20 to one now
Here's the math. Okay. We're gonna do 1600 you'll see Chris
You'll see how the master does it the old queen
We need 177 votes by my math and we got 88 minutes
That's two a minute
Well, that's pretty much so generally what we can do that and especially we put the big push on
We tell everybody vote and vote until your finger falls off right and vote again and again and again
Even just make it up and you know the best part of it is if we can get 1600 and you know this is like with an asterisk next to this
You want to know why?
No, you see what I mean about him negative negative negative negative negative. You've been there too long man negative get out of there
Because there's no I hate this pool no mole
Which makes it even a greater accomplishment
Yes, so we started a full seven weeks ago. So big deal nobody has to know that
We started at 16 months ago big simmous
1424
Your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom and even if you're not old enough to have lived in the 70s and see no shows
They're on I mean everybody's seen these shows am I right? Right. Is there anybody of any age who hasn't seen all in the family and happy days and
Dejefferson's and good times and bad times all that stuff of course not don't imagine
What what this oh that's right got that in there
I was gonna play good times again just to get you to aggravated
What is it that you don't like did you hate to show that much is that it?
I didn't like the one no one cores one point in our own space page
What is your great scene from other good times when that's the rule one and by the way you can't tell me that you liked that show
I hated that sure all right and you want to know why he did that show Jimmy J. J. Walter there you go. That's the reason
I don't know
I know my yeah, I'd like to take a stick of dynamite
Yes, you know, we've all thought that in our game. He was annoying. Okay. What
Like you can't avoid like they show
What the hell's an easy cradle rip off anyway? What?
Easy cradle ripoffs they say it towards the end there. What does that mean?
You're an old timer explain that to me
They're coming
Scratching a lot of scratch and a lot of survival especially got them you know
Them bed bugs WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, no idea. Okay, sir. I just I know you're not during pole building this did the Barney Miller scene get on there
Barney Miller was a sitcom sure was
I never watched it wasn't that all with how Lyndon? Yes, it's very good thing. That's a good thing. I'll look for it
Thank you. I'm ready to okay. Let's add is it on a pole did I I don't know it should be it was a good shot. Oh there it is
I never watched it
Maybe there was something else on the phone maybe the perfect family
Probably
Well the way about stepping on it
I'm it's all in some other stuff
All the way there's Barney Miller you asking you got a palin or are we good or what huh?
WQ a.m. Hello
You
William Barney Miller show hello
Yeah, hi
George is wrong about cradle it's easy credit rip off
Okay
And also the best uh 70s theme song is the Mary Tyler Moore show
Oh beautiful song. I'll find it. Okay. I haven't played that yet. It's probably on here which would be really sad
Um welcome back
Oh
There it is
This is a horrible song
Yes, it is the pretzel
Oh will you make it off to an off-key just off-key
It's not a close take a might like the good time think better actually
In mid-time
In mid-time
Kind of started living the sound of the gun and boy your brain
That's all I can take I would say that that theme is about as good as that show it sucks
It blows. I'll say another show that was terrible. We haven't even mentioned it. Did we put this on the pool?
Mod
Mod
We're doing it now
All I remember is that B Arthur was on the show which is one reason I hated it to begin with met her husband's name was Walter
With that silly mustache and it was just a horrible show
And it was even Barbos on there with her magical galloping Barbos that made it
Let's go that's where she had her bazumbos. Yeah, yes
I'm never thought she was all that
I mean what do I know what I know that's right
Nothing like a couple of a fakarooie sitting around talking about reading. How could he talk about you and Chris like that?
That was your boyfriend, you know
Your best buddy. Yeah, I know. I'm trying to see if we can get a break. What's give me a break? Oh
Had fat no what's her name on there? Oh no
Harder no card really wow
By the way
We have she is on there and going through the back of the just kidding. We better get sheers on the pool. There's not on there
There it is. She is she is
horrible show horrible theme song
Oh the impressions
Everything you got
Taking the break from all your worries show what help along rhymes with shots
Yeah, away from the song far away
What's your name? It's time to say during those days when I'm mistakenly and I'm here
Cheers
You
She is I said I'm chairs and she is
Wasn't that the show where they all set around in a bar and wasn't that the one yeah, it wasn't on in the 70s either
When was it on 80s 82 really? Well, you're not putting on there then
Because this disc is 70s and 80s so it will could be
Cheers
You want to be where everybody knows your name
Yeah, you got
Hey
Okay, pull that trigger
Thank you, baby. Hi, I'm Joey D formerly of Joey D in the starlight
I'm also founder of the rock and roll restaurant where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars
You love so much in the past, but whose lives have been destroyed by crooked record companies
Stars like mr. D clock over here
You can plainly see why we need your help over here. We have Daniel Lupitas who sang rhythm for the govones
Every now and then I try to help them out
Okay, Danny
Please show your support by sending your checks to 442 Glenwood Avenue in Sarve City
Our email address is brungswick.swine for more information just call be put for
5789
Thank you
How 45 got some sensational news big news for Florida
Not really. I mean nuts sensational, but it's just pretty shocking considering what in the inner thought backwards
Place it is less than six months after they started ruling the Florida legislature they voted to relax
Stave regulations on rowdy county slot machines one
Allowing for more machines and more playing time
With promises of extra dollars for the state's public schools during a tight budget year
The county's forecast he knows will each be allowed to install an extra
500 biggest out slot machines up to 2000 if the measure becomes law
The hours of play will increase from 16 to 18 hours during the week and 24 hours on the weekend
All right
Here comes the buddy and there goes your money
Whether you're ford or not gambler is an economic engine in broder counties that representative jacks harder democratic
Wilton manners your ferry the house sponsor of the bill it generates jobs and tourism the changes will also allow
ATN machines to be located on the casino premises as long as
The
Oh man as long as they are in the same room with this slot machines. Oh
You got like water. I'm probably into the lobby or something like that
We don't want them too close to the machines mom
Gambers and out taking them to process the ATN by shuttles provided by the permeachual venues
They schlep you like there a couple of miles away, you know
That alone was a security issue for a lot of seniors had sent it to Steve Gallauden
Democratic Cooper City the Senate sponsor the Senate today voted 39 in favor of the bill sent him to a governor Charlie gay
Christ the house approved at 61 to 52 on Monday. There's been no hit of what Chris might do with the bill right over
He might stick back down
What do you know?
Well, he signs the bill and it goes into law baby and all of a sudden it's starting to start to look a little bit scary
Two thousand machines woodbinds got 1700. It's a pretty big joint. I mean you can you can lose everything you ever had in your life in that place
1700 machines
1450 now. What was I thinking about it's not happening here? I don't know what you're thinking about
About to get out of here 1451
Oh, and here's the Reagan diaries. They're talking a lot of crap
Okay, trying to make him seem like he was like a real
Legitimate person as opposed to a right-wing lunatic whose wife called in psychics to advise her on
I know whether we should bomb Russia or whatever. It's things like that
1451 vote now you people are gonna have to put the pedal to the metal if we're gonna get to 1600 and of course
I said 15 and of course Chris had opened up his big fat mouth
Didn't you where were you the one that said I said 1550
Oh 1550 and you said old 1600
Hear that something like he was mocking you there
What I do that
Yeah, that's the way fat people are man. They can be bitter and vicious
Just just ask me I'll tell you I know bitter and I know sed vicious 1453
They're just trickling in if I saw like a chunk here in a chunk there
You know what I mean? I'd pick it up and smell it and that guy that says I should have just got up and ran away with that
Women started farting real bad. I mean
Well, what do you do? Just get up and you leave your thing in a machine and you roll?
No way to run nowhere to hide. Let's play that Martha and the bandela's baby nowhere to run
Where are you gonna go? You don't just get up and why you're sitting on a chair?
You're sitting in a row of machines. This guy think I'm standing there like a
Stopping by to drop at a couple of coins. We don't do coins anymore, okay?
No way to run baby nowhere to hide
That aroma
I could push you in your coma. Okay, Martha and the bandela's me for
Richa is retiring in a week
After 50 years his family's mother really weren't out the traction or the traction of your tears and all them droopy droopy hits
It's passing the hat along too. I think you you believe I just made that up. That wasn't the story wasn't it, Chris?
Well, that's what you read. They're having that big bash in the Gulf Stream and Helen Dale and
And he's gonna pass the hat over to this Bruce Kennedy guy whatever this guy. I don't know what the guy's name
I never heard of and he's heard anybody else
1455 we need a hundred and forty five oh, so let's do the math on this
We got 71 oh, it's this is then close to two two votes a minute now. How could we not do two votes a minute?
Am I right? I'm listening. Don't have 1600 people listening. That's the possibility the way things are going in this place
We might we might have just maxed out right now in 1455 that might fail 1456 see that
Hope springs eternal in the human breast
in a breast
And I keep hitting that view current thing thinking that they're gonna be like a chunk come on 1457
There's a pair speaking of breast. There's a pair for you
Not a big pair. Oh, it's bigger than that. Well, when I said way. Thank you
The Largo City manager who was fired after repeating his plans to have a sex change has become a frontrunner for the same job in sorry soda
Steve sat a stanton 48 submitted his resume last month under his future female name
Susan a stanton with an ask for a stethaname change was pending
Stanton was one of three applicants at all five servicemen
Chose yesterday among their top candidates a
Consultant will continue nearer the field of applicants and the commissioners will interview the final six on May 29
If stanton makes the final cut he told the servicemen that he would interview as a woman
It would be a dream job stanton said and they say hey if you're a man and a woman then go yourself
I wonder if that would work. I don't know
Something think about though. I want to ask Ron Jeremy how that works
The fact that the commission has enough faith to look at someone for their credentials speaks miles of the inclusive nature of
Sarasota, you know
That's really interesting that anybody would say that because you know what the nickname for Sarasota used to be sorry soda
No, well, that was my nickname the city of hate. I say yeah city of hate the inclusive. They want maybe the change
I've worked there 1973 that's 34 years ago
That's a long time ago out there on city island and our average listener was aged about 120
You know
Death plus 35 the Largo City Commission voted 5 to 2 in February and again in March to fire stand from the
140 grand year job yield for 14 years
Commissioner said it was stanton's judgment not the revelation he planned a sex change that prompted the votes does anybody buy that?
Anybody believe it anybody think they're sincere. No, so now he's gonna go to sorry soda and maybe hold down the same job
He's gonna hold it down. Well, if he's gonna be a woman he's gonna have to hold it down. Otherwise
People are gonna start wondering what's that you know
Am I do I have a good point there what that's you did
Hold it down
Just like with all that noise in the audience. You know hold it down a little bit now hold it down
14
62 oh that was a wonderful year. That was 30 years before Columbus 30 years
Christopher Columbus had sale for the new world anybody believe that I wonder if there were any Jews on the need of the Pinta in the Santa Maria
1462 we need 138 and we got the 60 and I minutes that you know something
That you you could do that again to million years what's 69 times two
138 130 I don't do that that that I'm good at numbers man. I see a good number. I grab it
And when I see a good number man, I know it
Sput all the crap I get from this audience and says you have the theme from what's happening was the good old show with good old fat
Re-run who always wore a beret as he alive by rerun
I remember rerun to you. I'll have the theme. Yeah, I remember
What's happening not much
Got another hour to kill now. Maybe it's on the obscure. Let's go through some of these obscure when light knows this horrible theme by the way
The art
The archies they want after wrong disco there. That's I see
I want to put the one that we're getting that didn't queue up the first time and it's not gonna queue up this time either
So I gotta put it in the bottom deck. Oh such complications man
And can you explain me why see I guess this was a dub and you're always explaining the same thing and being seen
I like I can't remember it why these things don't always work where they don't track
It's just a matter of the machine that made it and the player that you've got is you know particular some it's choosy. Yes
Ask your boy
I wonder if that's Josh quarters my little anastro boy
I never heard of it. Did you sure Roger ranch
And
Captain midnight say second feather is asked by the way just
Captain Midnight
You know how this must have been during the Cold War this had to be a 50 show how all that real American sounding that pro-American
anti-communist
Make up with daddy Danny Thomas. He was those behind
My camp driver he said hey if you're not down here by 1235 I'm bombing the building
Father knows best
Oh
And junior
How is junior on that show Billy um go
No, seriously, you don't remember father knows best. Yeah, I watched it my little margin
He'll storm oh she's taking the time by storm
And of course everybody even you punk snow this show
That
Oh, they don't say anything I said they're gonna be massive on here
That's it see adventures of Aussie and Harry
starring Aussie and heria and David Nelson and they're all dead except David Nelson now she
Hazel I hear that your arm is Brooks
The guy with the um what that was his name the character actor oh that guy
You know miss her. Good boy. Let's see who's in that
Funny guy you had a mustache ball
You
Did you go
Did you go do it oh, I was first I'm lost where you got that so computer there
Edison's first more movies last
The cast
Yeah cast was they don't have it oh
Oh
You know I
No Richard Krenner no Frank Nelson no gene burial gale Gordon
Now if you'll listen to me after the break remind me I gotta play that again those were the beach boys doing their curin all right
Well, okay, I'll do it after the break
Now how many theme songs are sung by like major you know I'm saying like popular pop groups not many
1470 we yeah 130 votes we got 64 minutes. It's gonna be really really tight
Down to the wire Chris is a squirming in that chair just like that woman a wood by me today and probably with the same result
Eh, don't open the door George pretty quick. I like to shape my legs arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one and two hours
You
Oh
He

I got the right to defend, and hope the kids must insane
Of the setting, but in certain conditions
You need only the supposed only kids
The should be going to get dressed, the should be going to get killed in the world of the wind
You need no trial to harm, by sending them off the dial
Or that's insane and all the soil
You should be my genocide, you should be my genocide
We've got the good news that to us I am the Jesus of God
I'm the spirit of Jesus of God
I'm the spirit of Jesus of God
I'm the spirit of God
I'm the only God that should be going to get dressed
The should be going to get dressed, the should be going to get dressed
The world will never wait, the world will never wait
We're getting thousands of days, thousands of go-way
The people's heard the title, don't you cry, you decide
Watch what they do, you can die, I'm the tactful
How they can be turned into a child, you can't be a child, you can't be a child
I'm the spirit of Jesus of God
I'm the spirit of Jesus of God
I'm the spirit of Jesus of God
And guess what? I googled it and I was right
It's the beachboard, 1934
The beach is a channel by the team, Tim Carrin
It's the name of a girl
At a party, Jesus, number 10, a rock of bullets, number everybody's glad, you think
Hey, that's good
Oh, right
Jesus, you're here with me, Jesus
Never heard the song before, never heard the show
There was a 1975 series, Carrin with Carrin Valentine
She keeps popping up all over the place
Now, we ever figure out who is it with, in those Jenny Craig spots
Valley Burton only
It is Valley Burton, you're sure? Yeah, because I saw it a couple days ago
And she's fat and disgusting and she's standing right next to Percy Alley
And all of my, it's like drowning in a CFFat
Remember that song by Phil Phillips, the CFFat?
Yep
Bum bum bum bum bum, CFFat
Okay, let's take a look and see if we got any chance at all here for 16
And then we'll say, oh, we only wanted 15, 15 in the first place
That's all we wanted, right Chris?
We're not going to make that out of the way
Yeah, exactly
1477, and it's like going down and going to heaven
We need 23 and 123 people in 56 minutes
Oh, that's not good now
And as soon as the ratio was starting just fade away
And Buddy Holly said not fade away, but we're fading away, we're losing it
We're not losing it to the audiences, usually they come through for us big time
They come through with flying colors and today like, kind of like, you could tell like about 20 minutes ago
As soon as I kind of like put the pressure on at that point they like ran
They ran for the hills, that's okay
We get over 15 on a, especially on the 3rd of May when half the town is gone
Pace off is over, east of is over
They're running for the hills, baby, they try to escape
I don't know why they made a movie escape from New York, it should be a movie called Escape from Florida
When you think?
Good plan, let's make it
WQIM, hello
They kneeled
Already did it, yes sir
Love you man, say, from the 70s I know it's a late one to add your list, but the rock first file, that was actually
That was a sitcom?
I just knew four facts in this way that wanted other shows like that on there
Yeah, you're fine
Everyone keeps faxing in the names of shows that aren't sitcoms
I don't think you're complaining
Eric put it in big, bold, dark, black letters on the pool, they're right at the top, okay?
Here's the question, what's your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom?
sitcom, he left the H-O, but sitcom
Jesus, K, Christ man
Oh, rock first file, that was pretty funny
That was James Garner, right?
Yes, there wasn't a sitcom
Four to 80, we need 120 votes in 55 minutes, not going to happen
And while he's sure out by the way, still dead
W-D-Q-A-N, hello
Q-A-N
Yeah, does Nail?
Yes?
Nail, remember, remember the times when the state was all for the casinos and things like that
But you remember when they used to have telephones in there and they wanted the bookies to make money
Now you can go in these casinos, you have your phone, remember they said no phones in the casinos?
And nothing like that, they wanted to make money
Anyway, let me ask you this, what casinos make if you have a phone in the casinos or not?
What casinos is that going to make?
No, I'm just saying, but what they say if you have a sports book I could see with that make my head difference
But if it's just slot machines, which is all they are legal and floater right now, if it's just slot machines, what casinos is making?
Thank you, I was trying to say, but remember the state used to say no phones in the...
No, I sure don't, W-D-Q-A-N, hello
Hello
Yes?
Hey, I'm from here
Yep
And just tuned in, Jefferson, all the family?
Yeah
You got those on there yet?
He said he just tuned in
Oh, no, he forgot about those sir
Oh my God
Let's go back to Paul Building, what do you say?
No
Not, W-D-Q-A-N, hello
Q-A-M
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
How about welcome back, Potter?
Yeah, right, we're actually going to read the rest of it, right off the screener
I just turned it on
How about the greatest American hero we've ever had?
How about saying goodbye?
Okay, we're not building the pool and we don't want to add any more names this show is that they're already on it
I'm not going to keep reading in the end because there's 600 on the list and quit being a bunch of jabones
Okay, as Joey Reynolds used to say
Remember the Ramones in the Jabones?
No
The Jabones, 1483 now
But if I click that we're going to start closing down on 15
And like I said the other day, you've got to get to 15 before you get to 16
Both in age and on the pool
1483, we're not going to do it
They're not coming through for it, you can smell it
I know it's that same moment again, that big Russian woman
Why is it that so many, this is a terrible thing to say
It's not like you're going to say that it was
But why is it that so many Eastern European peoples?
I mentioned the same day, why they smell so bad
I don't know, everyone that I've ever smelled so fine
I think they smell high, do you think they sleep in their clothes?
Maybe
I mean, there's some guys that had these sports jackets on from like 1842
And you can tell they've been sleeping in them walking around in them
You had that musty
You know what I mean? Like you want to get a box of mothballs
Yeah
And start just tossing them around, okay?
Boy
1487, we need 113 and 52 minutes
The ratio don't look too promising now, unless we get a really big push
What do you think Chris, we can do it if they push
Yeah, we're going to get it, they're going to come in
Get out of here, are you out of your mind or what?
Yeah, I don't know the answer, QA& Hello
Yeah, I was like the one Mr. Ed
WQA& Hello
Yeah, I can't forget to get you there, I can't talk first of all
I can't believe you forgot Mary with children
WQA& Hello
QA&
Hello, suicidal, suicide line, yes
Neil
Yeah
Yeah, that guy before, and he's clean the crap out of there, it is ears
It is ED cradle rip-offs
Back in the 70s, the cradle or your crib was like your home
Ah
I feel vindicated
And now I understand it too
Oh, this is George
Oh, we're all in
Oh, a huge time in Chris, and Chris
Oh, I'm here for you
I'm surprised you didn't know that, George, you're from that time
Oh, yeah
Oh, you're a kid, and I was never a kid to know get told
Hey, I'm surprised that you, George, what's wrong with you, man?
Okay, let's see what else is there
Oh, real McCoy
All right, all right
Oh, here's one, this one will tug at your heartstrings
Lassie
Oh, yeah
Now, let's see, Lassie was a girl but was supposed to be a boy, am I right?
Lassie is supposed to be a girl
Whatever, whatever it was, Lassie means girl
Oh
Lassie?
Lassie and Lassie?
Like a wee-lawned rib thing?
A wee wee-lawns?
I think that's a guy in serositing
Oh, look at his Walt Disney, this is a thank you back
Oh, yeah
Now you can read on this one
Oh, I'm there?
Yeah
Oh, world is a carousel of color
See, when Colour TV first came out and I have no idea what the first year was, you know, or when, what period of time?
I guess in the early 60s?
Yeah, it started and we'd be popping and everybody had a Colour TV, so they used to make a big deal
In color, in living color, it's a big deal
I know, there's a big deal
The peacock would come out and that's right, NBC, the peacock would come out
Now, CBS, they would shoot it
Baby, baby, Crockett
Born on a mountain top with the land of the sea
Green estate, they hurt land, the sea
Raised in the woods, sozy new every tree
Killed him a bar when he was only three
Baby, baby
Baby, baby, Crockett
King of the lost, Ron T
Alright, boy, that's some real Cornball crap, ain't it?
The life in legend of Wyatt or a person with other gunslinger, baby
And then there's always gun smoke
And on radio, Matt Dylan was played by William Conrad, who later played Canon on TV and then he died
He died
I loved William Canon
I would him Conrad
What else did he play?
He was also, was he like, not Superman, he was some other major character on radio
You didn't like it because he didn't like Compture
Right
He also played Neuro Wolf, never saw that either
He was like, not me
He was big in the carnations
A white sport coat, what is this from?
It says Family Ties, doesn't sound familiar to me though
Family ties, that's a family that ties it on
So it is, look what we got as a pool of 1492
1492, wouldn't Chris be proud of us now?
I don't mean our Chris, I mean Chris Columbus
We need 108 votes in 48 minutes and guess what Chris?
What?
They're not doing it
And that's because you're not, you're not pushing hard enough
Junior honey
We're the wake of Ray Sheep Play
The old brain was not in the rain
Proves like a tree had in rain
Found you in the day
And you know who you were again
That one no black be public again
We knew we could use you again
Like a monster's car we are again
Older guy, Jay Newer Street
Why do you want the things to hate?
I tell you what, I feel like we've been abandoned man
And they're not coming in and chunks the way that they were in early
Back in the day when we had an audience
I mean, 1503 and we could have made the 1600
But I don't, confidence is pretty low right now
1504, there's one Chris
Like I said I'm 50
What is it?
Like I said, 1550
1600, we need 96 votes in 43 minutes
That's just a little more than two a minute
And the way it's going right now I think we'll be lucky to get 1510
They just don't care enough to send the very best
Spina sent their very best, they got almost a legible fact
But they mentioned get smart, do we have that on there?
No we don't, get it on there right away
I'll read the list, I'll go down it
And maybe if I read the list, I'll inspire these people to get on there and vote again
The same 15104 people have voted the first three or four times
What's your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom?
Mesh is still in the lead
In fact they increased their lead just a teeny tiny bit 180
How sad?
All in the family 168
Welcome back Cata 134
WKRP radio crap and Cincinnati 121
And Sanford and the Sun also 121
The Jefferson's 117
Good times 87
Barney Miller 67, happy day 62
Tancy 52, the odd couple 40
He's dead right Tony Randall
I think, yeah he's dead
Mary Telemorsho 40, Loveboat 33
The Parkridge family 29
Chico and a man were some say Chico
A lot of people say Chico
I don't know who does Chico and a man were 24
The Brady Bunch 24 maybe because they're illiterate
Three's company 22, Mawd 22
Greatest American Hero 19
LeVernin's Squirley 19
Different Strokes 19
Beverly Hill Belize 15, Soap 14
Don't drop it
Get that bodywashed one day at a time 14
The Bob Newhart Show 14
Green Acres is the play Eddie Albert
He's dead and Avery Gavore she's dead and the pig's probably dead too
Green Acres 12
Duksa Hazard 10 with the lovely John Snyder
Alice 10, Room 222 9
Facts of Life 2, Benson 2
Mawd 1 and Roto 1
Out of 15, let me refresh that baby
And we got 509
There's a little chunk for their Chris
There was five, a little chunk of five
And we can keep increasing by five
Every time I click that little thing
We can do it 1600
That's the great team 10
See that?
I didn't even look at it and already increased
1513
Or they're coming in and trunks now
They're responding to the old lady on the year
That's right, old grandma says
When did pop those votes out? Let's get with it
Just make it up even if you never heard any of these shows or the theme song
Here we come, here we come
Happy, man
The cup of space is done here we come
Pop along Cassidy
Hop along Cassidy, of course we were gullible and we were kids
But hop along Cassidy was about 90 years old
He looked like Donna Amistos today
And Gabby Hayes with the beard was his sidekick
And he was 145
So a little, I don't know
Kind of like pooster imagination a little bit
But back in the day what did we know
We were sophisticated like today's TV
We opened up dancing with the stars
Dancing with the stars
Victory at sea when that sounds the man
Wooo! Yeah, that sound really no dramatic
Dr. Kildir
That was Dr. Kildir
That was Richard Chamberlain, hey Richard, you're fairing
Wow, remember that one of our my space ladies
She said she had a crush on Richard Chamberlain
Until she had a little slow
Apparently, how much of a genius staff
She was here on, he was just a
FINGING Queen
Medic, you know who was in Medic
Richard Boone and William Schatner
Medic
Highway Patrol was brought for a Broadway Crawford
Oh, I like this thing, is it a good one
Not on the port, is it not a good one
Everything is set on the target now
You like this?
I promise
I promise
Whenever the laws of any state are broken
A duly authorized organization swings into action
I'm right
It may be called the state police, state troopers
Malaysia, the Rangers
Or the Highway Patrol
These are the stories of the men whose training, skill and courage
Have been forged and preserved our state law
Wow, powerful or what
Here's the facts from Rick and West Bombay's
Any chance you have the wikidink theme song
No, I sure don't
We can't even say that
Winky dink in you, they could never put that on here now
They could give you a little winky but they sure couldn't give you a little
At any rate
Winky dink, I told you this is a true story
You'd have to send in like the box top from some cereal or something like that
And your name would address
And they would send you back this plastic
A sheet of plastic
That was colored, that you put on the screen
This is long before color TV
And the top was blue like the sky
And the middle was like pink like supposedly like flesh color
And the bottom was green like the grass
You did tell us that before
Yeah, and you put it over the screen
And then you had these crayons you would like do stuff on it and crap like that
Anyway, it was a real show winky dink in you with Jack Berry
He's dead
Didn't John Sebastian from Love and Spoonful do the theme from Welcome Back Car to that collect and isn't he dead?
Yes
No
Oh, I don't think so
He just died, that's right
That's right, I forgot about that
He's still dead, okay relax
It says I heard Howard David got a new curly wig now they call it me Nappy headed mo
And then they say
I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna do it
Right at the end of the show we just came up a little bit show yeah of course I've been doing that a long time
Vatican calls verbal attack on the Pope terrorism
Don't be picking on that Pope and I'm assuming little red shoes
Hey Pope Papa
You ferry
The Vatican's official newspaper accused an Italian comedian yesterday of terrorism
For criticizing the Pope and Warren that his red-wirt confuil return to 70 style political violence
How about to 60 style like it can't stay
It's Marzia anniversary of by the well getting to that
And I'm usually strong tomorrow get in with because Marzia anniversary of Kent State
Where there's a kids died on campus because it's a police state
And I'm usually strongly word editorial was a observatory a Romano
A little observatory Romano she's very easy to say it and I just make it confused but it's got like a thing in there
A little observatory Romano said a president presenter of a televised media rock concert
Which is sponsored by a Lee's labor unions has launched violent tax on Pope Benedict in front of an excitable crowd
Oh they're getting excited as those Catholics tend to do
They get excited and then they reproduce like crazy which the Pope is very happy about
This to a terror and he likes to watch this to his terrorism
It's terrorism to launch attacks on the church it said it's terrorism to stoke blind and irrational rage against someone
Who always speaks the name of love love for life and love for man
Oh I bet he's got love for man me too
Certain men at the concert held a year from the St. John in Latter-in Basilica
Rooms Cathedral where Pope Benedict sits is bishop
One of the presenters Andrea Rivera spoke out against the pot of stand on number of issues
The Pope says he doesn't believe in evolution I agree in fact the church has never evolved he said
Excellent line Andrea
He also criticized and what have a name for a guy is Andrea
He also criticized the church for refusing to give a Catholic funeral to Pierre Georgio Welby
A man who can't paint for youth in Asia as he lay paralyzed with muscular levistery
He died in December after doctor agreed to unplug his respirator
He unplugged he pulled a plug
I can't stand the fact that the Vatican refused to funeral for Welby
But that wasn't the case for Chilean dictator Augusto Pinesha
Or Spanish dictator Francisco Franco
He said between musical acts at the open air concert
Good you go Andrea
He's came to Andrea Vachali
There's another guy named Andrea
Yeah I can grab a tele
Well maybe Andrea didn't see the way they scrolled
That's cute
Now it's very very very bad taste
It was tasteless like this show was tasteless
Like vanilla ice cream no more ice cream man
I know something I didn't no problem
I have no problem right the moment
With that anyway
1530 votes we need 70 votes in 34 minutes
You can do it if you put your nose to it
Colorful fellows
Bill Sucks
Ooooo
Goodbye Scooter
Livy Livy Livy Livy Livy Livy Livy Livy Livy Livy Livy
You out at secret egg and send a field and got them killed
Like they train me or a tree in a school
Can't pick your boyfriend's in the twos
Looks like it's time for slipping
I'd like to ask working under it
From your vantage point
Does Jamie have a mole on his ass
Absolute
Here we go again
I never knew from that
Or we find a finger
And we'll never know
How many agents died cause of your teeth?
No!
With love no back and no
Overjoy you soon
When you see yourself that Jamie you can ask him why
It's been lines with that
132 at 560 WFM add dog coming up from 2 to 5
No Humper today he's in a Louisville for the Derby Dave Johnson
Join us at 11 on the phone tomorrow and we'll do our usual losing Derby picks
And then tomorrow morning you're 10 we got the ratings baby
The winner book oh that bonus money you can smell it
It smells like goodbye yesterday
Why didn't you just get up and move run away Neil run away
1543 this is going to be 10 of the No Witches Year Lowe man
This is going to be really tense
You think they can do it?
We need 57 votes in 28 minutes
We got it
Get out of here we got it my ass
Where do you come up with such nonsense?
1543 I just I just clicked that view current baby on here again
And it's not moving a tick no chunk no lump
Look at I miss again around CNN
Seriously he looks like somebody from the petrified forest
Like I like I've been calling him a dead man
It's here for a long time
Little did I realize how he's like a right-off assault
How spot on I was I keep clicking this thing I don't see no chunk
The chunk on my lip I think it came out of my left nostril
1543 I think maybe we matched out
They're letting us down this never ever happens usually you can want to look at that
Are you be anything more than I got?
No I don't have anything less either
Oh I was sad
What do you got Chris 1544?
Well 1544 there is one
Now at that rate we might make 1550 now we will now you will agree with me we will go beyond 1550 right?
Yeah definitely
Although with this rate I think 1550 might be what they have in mind
We need 56 votes in 27 minutes that's still like two a minute
Just like in 4 stars
1545 there you go there's somebody alive out there
1545 55 and 27 that's two a minute do the math baby 54 55
I mean this is a prestige kind of a thing it's an ego thing
Not that we have any ego on the show I sure is held on
But for sure it would be nice to see them come true like with flying colors when we really extend the hand of the gland of friendship
And say come on get off your ass and hop on there
161546 see what I'm saying?
They're trickling in just a little bit of a trickle
WQ way and hello
Yes William Conrad did the narration for the bowling show
As well as as well as a heavy or a cop and or a cop in the killers with Bert Langcaster
Who's Matt Dillon on the radio and Gunsmoke?
Right that was that was oilier
I'm talking about the car to the Rolinko and Rocky Rocky and the Wolt the Rocky and Bowen Gold show
Who's that the creature in the world for?
What was that?
Like in Bowen Gold but it starts with that
51 we need and 27 minutes
Oh oh in fact I think we cut that we cut the racial out of over
That one we cut the racial down
1560 WMRR Marshall Michigan I worked here
No longer on the air
I work in some stations that are no longer on the air but that's a and radio
Or maybe it's because I had left the curse
Maybe it was the curse of Old Neil or the curse of young Neil
1560 or about 1550
1550 me oh we're not going to make it
Although we have 25 we need 50 votes in 25 minutes that's exactly
Do the math on that even you can do it
What?
You heard me
1550 at a manifestation now would have been
Maybe WCKY and Cincinnati I don't know
Back in the day when your AM radio at nighttime especially had all these booming 50,000 watt signals coming in from all across the country
And your radio was like your friend not today you know like your enemy back then it was like your friend
WQA and hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Good I'm on my way to American Express
Thank you
Oh okay let's go and get there it's right next to the Spanish steps
QA and hello
Wow, it's never a laugh
WQA and hello
You say ever complete?
Good WQA and hello
Hi Neil
Yes
Have a shameless request can I get a request from a first time caller?
First time you're calling and you're calling to ask for something well that doesn't speak too well for you sir
I got a friend of mine told me about a bit that you play a caller calls you up and you tell him something about these gay or something like that I remember
Oh yeah that caller yes it's first call
Today it's first call today I do believe it's a matter of fact now maybe second
There was the one about the gay two gay guys talking about women
1556 24 minutes 44 votes
You see how that ratio is coming there gonna bring us right to the end there man 1557 43 votes in 24 minutes
You you almost think that this was important wouldn't you?
Almost the way I get all melodramatic about this and put on the big push now yeah like I really care something like that
I do care today not ordinarily I don't but today I just
The
I'm doing sure touch of it
With Robert stack why sure miss Robert stack don't you and I trench coat mm-hmm she put it in the bed the Fudge it
You know who was in the future Richard diamond
Okay Richard diamond no I forget his name I mean there might have been a guy named that that's not Richard Jensen
Richard Jensen I think that was his name for me to look it up yeah Google it I think you're
Who's Richard diamond I don't know never heard of him in my life I think you know Dick diamond
Let's see tight rope mr. Lucky Bourbon Street beat P. Kelly's blues asphalt jungle mr. Broadway I never heard it most of the show they could
Chance and maybe Richard Jensen and what do I say was diamond I think that was his name on the show or some show he was in
The French chef the French chef now with watching him who died to the child
How the child that
David Jensen sorry David Jensen where we stupid or what and William Conrad was in there he was a narrator
Love it's great man
You're on camera baby
Oh, yeah, this woman over here farting she didn't really fart they just to pipe in the gas yarn candy camera
Here's Roger
You're spending the money so I mean picture that and the little bucket come down there you go in fact I bet you they're gonna let the if I play the whole thing
I
Like I said we're not gonna get to your George Fenman and that's really a shame and they used to I don't know whether he used to smoke on actual course
Groucho had the cigar he was profit on smoking on TV was very common back in the day not only they have cigarette
Commortals but there are a lot of people I used to chain smoke on here mm-hmm
I'm trying to think of who some of them used to be but I mean maybe it's a smoke like crazy on here
Isn't that kind of shock you now? No because I remember well, they're not smoking what you are 1562
Let's see what do you think Chris?
1565 this little chunk right there 35 votes short and we need we got 20 women. It's we got it
I think this audience is gonna come through for us and when they do man
It's gonna be a spectacular moment. It's gonna be like a radio orgasm and it's gonna be just phenomenal
You'll see holy
Makinon this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Will it be nice
To test be clean for one day
But I don't want to go a day without a tranquil feel
I take a daily dose twice
I'm standing here so good we don't wonder they discovered me
Sluz with my head like a pillar one to see when we are no one I've had
Too many sad eyes especially when my face is on the floor
Oh, why nice me sometimes
Love from truck be boring. Can I get a million earth baby?
Am I busy 34 oh I got to stay baked you ferry I gotta stay
You're very oh I gotta stay
To bake to bake you fair I gotta stay baked to bake to bake okay shake it and bake it baby
145 we got 15 minutes to go and we need 27 votes by what I'm seeing on air got 15
73 1575 wow there's I miss again seriously if he don't look 145 this stuff that this show on CNN
He should have just been fired for being an old coup I
Mean I'll see anything wrong with that be headed hose that no problem with that but just just him
Although he was making him a lot of money. That's the thing that I just don't get it because it's just a whole business
You know they'll put you on if you're like a you know if you are dead if they think they could sell a show
I wouldn't I wouldn't be surprised if they got Neil Roger show on after I croak
No, for the party down on Monday
A big important didn't you die on Monday from
Let's not go back in there. Okay. We got that straight now for now, but they'll put it back. Yeah 1578
22 votes in 14 minutes. So that's not even two a minute
I think we're gonna come right down to the wire and I think we're gonna do it
Oh man now a lot of people out there especially if you haven't been listening a long time
You're thinking what is this man getting all whipped up about votes on some stupid internet pull? Why is he all what cuz I can?
Son of shantan and say beautiful day man. It's too good to be in here. I'm leaving now
Let's see what they isn't Thursday. We got Thursday. We got Thursday. We got tomorrow Friday, which tomorrow tomorrow is gonna be an easy show
Well, it's gonna be a
Maybe not cuz the ratings come out the bad tomorrow at 10 a.m. Oh
whoa
As Eric would say it is Eric still say that whoa I don't talk to him. I was talking to yesterday
He what Chris was talking to him yesterday. Maybe you said that to Chris. What did he say? What were you talking about?
He was showing you how to set up trillion for the in show chat room thing
But you've heard oh he was giving you some computer assistance. Yeah that
15 79 21 votes in 13 minutes you can do it
You can really do it in fact we really need them to do it a little faster than that because I can interrupt you know over the last or whatever
We do all I should know I'll keep you cuz we got the last break coming at 53 or whatever
15 83 now everybody poop poof me Chris said oh you're crazy 50 you
Is that what you said you were just making fun of me at George
Those that you were making fun of you were mocking the old queen a little while ago wasn't he George?
It was mocking the old bird Machi. He said you're a Machi and I said hey, oh another Santa's submit a craft
You go a ship bastard
That's one thing about Chris. He's just you know. He's oblivious to that stuff
Whatever that means 15 84 16 votes in 13 minutes. That's really more than one minute 15 85
Maybe now they're coming through their plan at game. They like to play with my emotions
You have any idea what I'm talking about neither do I
14 more we got 15 86 well, I'm telling you this will be one of them
I'm gonna have them write this on my tombstone. I'll always started to pull what about five weeks ago or something
Not that big to do
Innocent Andy
Can we actually play this in a we got on the earth
Famous ain't this when I throw a can say a miss. I'm sorry
By the way, your close person is very grateful that I'm your sick day yesterday came out of a sick bed to mail out of the tank
He's very welcome
I
Did come in especially for that but I made sure that I did it because I didn't be like help
You why I felt like hell, but I had to come down into this area of town anyway, so I did that
Now pretend that you came in just for no other reason I got out of bed just so I can do that truth you all right
Oh, here's my favorite. Oh, this is good. When you get to be an old fart like me. You want to watch a larynx a well
You in my mom
Don't
What a fall one a fall one a fall one a fall one a fall
Oh, you know something stand free bird
If if chicken neck or if anybody maybe Brandon or somebody can find me that recording
One a follow wonderful by stand free bird on capital records. It was a takeoff on Lawrence well
It was it was pretty it was music
One a follow one a fall
Lawrence a mile he's a still bad 11 sisters 50 90 baby. We are gonna do it. Oh
Wow
When you get read you will listen to Lawrence a while can you watch so you when there's no plan that crap on TV
Here's a lot of stuff for the bunch of go-yam
Yes
You know it's how boring a man is for the ass is cuz you know we're gonna get there
Although it just I kicked it again still 50 90 don't leave us short there right at the end
Oh no
My fine oh
And I had that that guys are blah blah blah blah that deep voice. Well, that was his name on Lawrence
Well, can you remember what I'm talking about? Yeah, real deep voice. I'm Larry something. Yeah, Larry and I hated that show
There's engines Brown
Live with your
They dug his ass up against him
24 1962
Harlem the legendary Apollo
By the way June 1st and 2nd I should mention it. No, it's not 1st and 2nd
It's 14th and 15th the fun brothers and Mary Wilson that the
Fallsview casino Niagara Falls. I just mentioned that cuz I know that everybody know it and says obsessed like we are with that the movie with that the soundtrack
And with the other brothers and they ought to be
And of course, you know who knows if they'll go and see around 15 94 when you just six votes in two minutes
And the reason I say two minutes. I want to get this nailed down
Before we go into the last break
I mean James Brown to compare him to the Motown artists. It's just to me. It's just ridiculous. I mean, I don't know
I just I just didn't care for his crack. He was just a screamer in more ways than one
15 94 come on. We need those six votes. Let's get with it hop on it
I think I think we're pushing the envelope here today in terms of the audience, you know
I mean not that we don't have the crowd that we used to have George
1595 there's another one. What do you got?
Because you might think it's huh, but I could click it just like you but you know
But it still comes up to seem stupid as right well pretend six 966 15 96 we need full motor's house sharp them
See they're talking about James Brown and where they put out sharp tonight
Now can't they put out sharp down talk about some white guy other than Don I miss because Al sharpens one of the worst black races ever
You ought to hear his radio show. They'll thank you
In fact, I think his favorite song is hockey talk. Oh, you better watch yourself Al sharpens monitoring you. Yeah
Monitor this out
You far missing so terribly professional ethics man. Everything is a racial issue
I feel sorry for I miss you know when you get to be old and gay gray. I don't it doesn't have a lot of money
Yeah, I don't feel sorry for him at all anybody that's milk that the he used to be good man a hundred years ago
He's already a cell you would have loved it man Billy saw Reverend Billy saw Hargis
He was a Reverend. He was anti-religion anti all these religious fakers
You know, we need four more hosts and they're not doing it now. Now. What do you got?
1597 1597 we need three more votes and then we can get
Shoulder
That's for 1599 I got
Wow
Wow, wow, wow, and they said it couldn't be done. There's no way in the middle of I mean may the third on a Thursday
Well, we did start yesterday it goes to show if we start like two days ahead jacked out
We can get a big number
We got it there we go
We got it
Yeah
What's left to say
Down inside of me at the choke you to convey I heard some truckers
There here what they have to say I've got a trailer full of pictures
So across the border just today
Now one small one shall be with the
Mark was in both of them green around their dreams
I've got a trailer full of exotruse
If I could tell the now I could be rich
Made a zinc to mine risking the life to earn a buck and now we're digging a ditch
So it's to earn a buck and now we're digging a ditch
This to one buck and now we're digging a ditch
But once that is marked we're working for Walmart
We're about to save a digging a ditch
I got a trailer full of exotruse
So I was killed and I was sent by the regime
You can come and see a man with a shell
The dreams of me can work with Taco Bell
I got a trailer full of exotruse
Hope they can give up so I can pay
They'll work on me for less than a minute of a race
Or just for a buck and now we're digging a ditch
They can learn a buck and now we're digging a ditch
Less than one buck and now we're digging a ditch
Oh, it's gonna be great
Soon the bulk of media will play her job
For where the earth will mess the poor little dog
Bye bye bye
