And you, man, Dad, do you need to get something off your chest?
Now, reconciliation is just a click away at confession.com.
Log on to one of our virtual confession booths and tell us your darkest secrets.
For, give me Father, for I have sinned.
At confession.com, you can chat one on one with a real life priest and get the atonement you crave.
Hmm, type 25 Hail Mary's and my sins will be forgiven.
Google Hail Mary text.
There it is.
Select all.
Copy and paste and paste and paste.
Lines cheating.
Stealing as deleteries.
We forgive it all only at confession.
Dad.
Dad.
Dad.
Oh, I love the way that ends.
Not beautiful.
It's cute.
But I just love the way that, in fact, let me just back that off a second again.
Way to doubt.
So, let's back up a half hour and put a corny-steady link in there and retrieve it, buddy.
Lines cheating.
Stealing as deleteries.
We forgive it all only at confession.
Dad.
Dad.
That cut and then just cuts it right off the earthy end, kind of like a bad boil.
10, 0, 2, 5, 60, WDQ, I'm happy Wednesday.
I'm a Wednesday, too.
It must be wood by Wednesday.
Hey, I had a wedding morning Saturday morning for those who are keeping track.
And I had a pretty good weekend.
I did have a Snickers bar.
I'm sorry.
What can I say?
What?
I'm not sorry at all.
I know.
My blood sugar is okay.
And I'm feeling good.
And I'm still alive.
I'm not going to go from one extreme to the other extreme.
It's just ridiculous.
It could have been worse.
You could have had a sugar daddy.
You are.
You're just brutal.
You are just the after all sugar basis.
Are you start one night again?
Mary Cheney's book.
You know that Dike Mary Cheney?
Your fairy.
With the hypocritical of daddy.
Yes, yes, that one.
And the mommy that writes on the steamy bull-like novels and stuff.
Well anyway, Mary Cheney had a book.
Somebody had a lamb.
Who had a lamb?
Mary Mary.
Mary had a little lamb.
Mary had little lamb.
And the doctor was surprised.
Well that's older than Mathusela.
Anyway, vice president Dick Cheney's daughter, Mary Cheney, was rumored to have gotten a seven figure advance for her memoir.
Now it's my turn.
And you know what the book is selling for now on Amazon.com?
No.
Seven bucks cents.
Oh.
Seven cents.
You got a seven figure advance.
You need at least a million.
And the book is selling for seven cents.
The book was published in May of last year.
The recent selling price dip was first caught by blogger Mike Petrolis that has blocked Petrolis files.
It will probably be the best remembered as her shameless grant for a fat check he wrote.
That seven cents vote for a used copy.
He says it's going to cost more for shipping charges than the price of the book.
Why sure?
When that happens, you know?
Mary Cheney had a little lamb.
And her partner was surprised.
Anyway, so we just passed that along rather sheepersly.
What do we got a little lamb for today?
By the way, that's our, I came up with a good slogan.
WQAM.
What a secret.
Another good, huh?
What's it like that?
What's the secret?
I don't know.
But whatever we are.
It's a secret.
And the way things are going lately probably just, you know, keep a secret.
Not too many people can keep a secret, but nevertheless, holy Moses.
But it's just one of those things.
1792, I'm sure that was a pretty good year.
What's the source for most of your porn or what passes for it?
That was our pool.
And by the way, if there are anybody planning on calling in today, call somebody else because I'm not talking to you.
Yeah.
First want to make it, I just want to make it official.
Okay?
Official.
The people who run this joint, and I say run, they just, they don't get it.
Even PD Lenny was in the Desmarin.
Well, you know, nobody forced you to come back, PD.
Some people don't know when they were off.
You notice how anybody who escapes from this stuff, or when they come back like Brian Schmutz,
he used to be a really good guy.
Now he's like a zombie.
Right, useless.
He's useless.
And now PD Lenny comes back.
I'm not going to say he used to be a good guy, but he was at least amusing.
But now he's all bent out of shape and railing about the sales manager and about.
They don't even know what this show is all about or what we do on this show.
And obviously Fat Joe Bell don't know what we do on here either because he won't lift a finger.
He wouldn't even lift his to do nothing for us.
So, you know, we'll do the best we can every day.
I'll take the money, thank you.
And you know, while we'll still get bigger numbers than around us, which isn't saying it off a lot, you know.
They get ones, we'll get two.
They get twos, we'll get trees.
You know what I'm saying?
And in the summertime you'll get cast.
And you can take those tapes.
I think Fat Jolly Joe has got tapeworm.
That's why he's got so big ass, huh?
All right.
That kind of replaced, what was the thing we had on the poll the other day, thyroid?
I see.
They used to be the excuse for really fat people.
Oh, I've got a sluggish thyroid.
Yeah, sluggish thyroid, but a real quick hand when it comes to finding food, man.
And that's his problem, I think.
He's got problems.
1792 votes on that poll.
Your source for most of your porn, the internet, 1120, it's 63% of you are looking at porn on the internet, looking at it.
And not just looking at it either, one can only begin to imagine.
DVD is 190.
I don't watch porn 168.9.3% do we believe that?
Absolutely not.
My imagination, one, oh wait, it was just I'm going to sing again.
Why am I starting to sing lately on this?
Maybe you're happy.
I am happy.
I'm very happy.
We all sing a tune, you know, skip along singing a tune.
I have to sing.
I'm a straight and early happy.
That's good.
That makes me happy.
Keeping in other people's windows, 78.
Oh, I really want to play that.
But today, I think I'm going to end the keyhole.
Yeah, what?
Let's see how far we can go again.
I can't see.
Keep in through the keyhole.
Watching mom and dad.
Keep in through the keyhole.
The most one we ever had.
Mom and dad were playing tag.
Okay, that's about enough of that.
That's about that.
Oh, and guess what they're really good news is Clarex came in today.
This is just a test note.
The biggest name of the best talent.
The best is Neil Rogers.
I like that one.
There's nothing wrong with that one.
He said, we're going to be mixing and matching.
The big voice, he called it.
That big John Fesenda Sony voice.
The home of the dolphin.
Which was fine for his four million times.
But even they admit now, it's just getting a little pond worse.
So mix and match with all the other ones.
So the one I just played there, I like that one the best.
And maybe once in a great while, I'll play the one with the big voice.
The home of the dolphin.
That's going to make a difference.
Anyway, people can other people's windows, 78,
which I find just alarming, to be honest with you.
Video is 58.
Ex-rated magazines like Playboy, Hustler, all of these things 25.
Catalogs like Victoria's Secret 20.
Softcore magazines, FHM, Maxim etc. for Soft Guys, I guess 9.
And comic books 8.
I still don't understand what that means.
There are sexual comic books.
Sure they're.
Get out of here.
See what?
I don't know what they're called, but they're comic books that are made for adults and have nudity
and sexual themes and some of them are quite hard drawings.
I know, it's insane.
But nevertheless, they get on my mind.
They're being stimulated by drawings.
Come on, get out of the house once in a while.
I have no idea.
You know that there are people stimulated by all kinds of things they should be.
People in the Westland do the limbo rock under the thing at Westland.
Oh, another good reason to be doing cruise ships before I get into these.
The good part of this deal is today.
Oh, here's that schedule I promised it I lied.
The thing about today's poll, I can read it twice.
It'll be two o'clock.
Thank you, Charlie.
Charlie, we continue to be our pool man.
He's the pool man.
Remember that by a salmon day?
Yes.
Mad Dog or two.
That's the Jim Mandage show on QIM.
Where's the quick?
Forty-five.
It's the power hour with the Mad Dog and the Humper.
Humper is going to be off to Baltimore for the prequins later on in a week and so we'll have a lot of that on.
Even though he's leaving the station to do the panties, I'm sure across the street or somewhere.
They're really making use of his fantastic vocal skills as his time is waning.
It's waning over here.
Power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog four to five.
Then Hank Solo between five and six.
30 have heard of Napoleon Solo.
This is Hank Solo, which takes up plenty of space.
Then we got your Marlon game.
Marlon's on Deck at six.
30 to Marlon's at Pittsburgh to play the power at seven or five.
That's you get a gigantic tuning audience.
And then game that with Eddie the K follows Marlon's baseball on QIM.
Oh, secret.
Okay, anyway, so before we do the pool thing.
And I've been, how many years have I been screaming?
Do not get on those cruise ships.
Seven, I've been warning people if you've got to take cash and money, go get on a plane
or you've got to hop into car even though it's expensive or gas.
And go have a good time somewhere.
Don't go on a cruise ship.
You'll probably won't come back alive.
A cruise ship ran a ground off the Alaska coast early of the day.
More than 200 passengers are being transferred to life boats and other vessels.
According to the Coast Guard.
No immediate reports of injuries.
Thanks God.
Thank the Lord.
The 299 foot Empress of the North carrying 281 people was listing by about six degrees
after hitting heinous, was that heinous or anus, anus rock at the ass end of the icy straight southwest of Duno.
Well, you know, it's just that the ass end would you call it anus rock?
Sure, whatever.
South Petty offers a Christmas lock-in at the Coast Guard based in Kodiak, BC.
A Coast Guard fixed wing aircraft and helicopter with a spanish staffed emergency radio message was received.
1235 this morning from the ship operated by majestic America lines of Seattle.
The lock-in said the reason for the grounding was unclear.
He said the ship was not believed to be taking on water.
Empress of the North is operated by the discotry saying that they're ready again with just a commercial on the Seattle.
It's got 112 state rooms, three-story panel wheel and gallery featuring Native American masks and Russian artwork including Faberj's eggs.
Well, isn't that wonderful?
Karrst thinks somebody laid an egg when they made that ship because it's got tourists baby and the people are like,
get us off of here and please bring us home alive.
Please, pretty please.
Okay, let's take a look at that pool or should we do the break first?
I don't think we've ever had a pool of as many choices on it, have we?
It's a big one.
654 hosts is all we got because by the time they get through reading it, it takes about a half hour anyway.
Plus they probably don't like it.
We probably should have done this also for the weekend.
That's what Charlie B said, Mother's Day weekend pool.
But we had the sex one on there and that got 1700 and some votes.
They're much more interested in sex than they are with mom, you know.
Unless they want sex with mom, which if they're in the trailer park, maybe they're already getting it, you know.
That actually, that actually happens.
So if it's almost indescribable, my thoughts about that, but nevertheless,
I'm sure you feel the same.
Oh, yeah.
Well, everybody had a little bit too much moonshine.
I remember Mike moonshine at WSNEWS.
I'm going to start talking about all the, since I'm getting old and feeble, you know.
All the old people I used to work with and they are old by now.
Mike moonshine and his girlfriend who later became his wife, I believe, Ellie Smelly, Ellie Gray.
What was she, a bitch?
I'm not going to sell you.
Lazy $25 spots on the air show.
Well, I could be selling $100 spots on the news.
You faggot, you lie whatever.
She can say faggot, but she was thinking that.
That was after I helped her get the job at INZ.
I don't know.
See, I'm just too nice of a guy.
That's my problem.
Would you agree with that?
Sure.
Holy Moses, what's wrong with you, man?
You're just too damn nice of a guy.
So we'll get to today's pool.
And the full question is, which Keebie mom would you prefer to have as your own?
Now Brandon says that the, what's happening?
What's the mistake that it wasn't surely Wilson, it was Mabel Thomas.
But it's only gone one vote anyway, so who cares?
This is I with this news.
In the nation's capital, the trial has begun.
In the case of Jane Paul Frick, the woman accused of running a prostitution ring
that catered to capital inside her.
Her clientele includes a Bush administration economist.
George, do you know that one of your staff was part of that prostitution scandal?
I don't know.
You worked with the guy.
George, what I know.
George, did you ever go to a prostitute?
Not only once, but twice.
Really?
I'll never forget it.
It was a defining moment.
Who was that?
Last Tuesday, last week.
Are you and Laura having problems in the bedroom?
Oh, we don't have a problem. Let's ignore it.
Come on, George. You can tell me.
Well, I, I, I, you know.
What's wrong with your sex life?
As you know, I am tiny.
Small, yeah. Everybody knows that.
It does not rise.
There's our Monday morning self-load of greeting for you.
At 1017 at 560 WDQM, Danler Chrysler moved into a move to undo the most expensive one of the least successful mergers in auto industry history today as a degree to sell its money losing Chrysler Unifrone of fraction of what have paid nine years ago.
They announced they'll sell 80% stake in its US brand for $7.4 billion to sever a capital management, a private equity investment firm.
Shares of Danler Chrysler up 3.5% both in Frankfurt and New York just before 10 this morning, although that's off from earlier gains soon after the announcement.
Shares of the company risen more than 30% of 3 months since the announcement was looking to sell Chrysler.
Anybody out there own a Chrysler? Do we have any Chrysler spots?
I don't know.
And the end of the story is the picture of that Trayman guy. What's his name?
The German guy?
Not sure.
Where George go?
He, you know, making a stop.
The deposit?
Yes.
You know the German guy with a mustache show with the mustache?
I don't know who he is. I don't know his name.
I thought it was hard.
At least to know who it is.
Dieter is etchy.
Dieter.
Dieter.
No, I don't know.
I like Germany a lot, but that name just, ooh, it just, since Chol's up in the Amai Spine, Dieter.
Sounds so nauseous.
You know what I mean?
Dieter.
Doesn't it?
Sounds like one of those old sour crouts.
Anyway, here's our poll for today.
So George, I wonder whether it was like all that there and of course only Chris is there.
Rhymes with Dieter.
We'll be lucky to get to a thousand today.
That's not a good way to start the week, is it?
No, we'll get over a thousand.
We will.
We got 684's all we got.
We need 316 low and we got a long way to go.
We got total show.
We got 4 full hours.
That's because we don't got no UN basketball game.
We got no Marlins baseball game.
We got no press conference.
We got nothing else to, you know, screw up the show.
We got new and improved toilet paper in the bathroom.
Well, let's hear it for that.
Okay, now we'll hope you only use one square now.
It's the old Cheryl Crow wipe.
They have a role when he talked about white that baby out.
Which TV mom would you have preferred as your own?
Is our question on Friday over the weekend?
Whenever the hell I put this on here, 684 wasn't the question.
Friday was the question last night.
What am I talking about?
Do you have any idea?
No, it doesn't make any difference.
Because Johnny Joe is still an idiot.
Let's put some tapes on.
Let's go.
The more I think about that, I don't know what is more shocking to me.
That Holy Moses story, which I revealed a little bit about later,
or the ass end last week, I'm not going to go into again because it speaks for itself.
That or the fact that this man wants us to play tapes.
Tapes are a proven failure.
Well, there was disaster, Johnny Joe.
They don't work. They don't get an audience.
Okay? Plus, I never wanted off Fridays anyway.
And I was stupidly negotiating that whole situation.
Well, he never lived through that, so he doesn't remember.
Oh, he doesn't know squat about me or about the show or about you or about talk radio.
Nothing. Maybe he knows something about Schmidt kicking a country of crap.
I don't know.
Which TV mom would you have preferred as your own?
We got 6, 84.
We'll have 700 by the bottom of the hour.
Are there abouts?
Yeah, your right, Chris. We'll make it.
We'll slide on in there.
Yep.
Favorite TV mom, Marge Simpson from the Simpsons 95.
We got a good race going on here at Two House Race.
And Samantha Stevens from Bewist has got 94.
That's kind of surprising because that's kind of a time thing, isn't it?
Bewist?
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
I love that show.
There, dead.
There, dead.
Yeah, they're all dead.
All the good people are the dead people.
That's just the way it goes.
I wonder about this, Cune.
Don't get panicky, Chris.
I'm not going to look all these 16-5-16s.
The race is all yours now.
Yeah, that one's good.
I like that.
Well, I got to preview these before we use them.
Samantha Stevens from Bewist 94 right behind on Marge Simpson's ass.
Peg Bundy, married with children in 44.
What did I hate that show?
Bad.
Oh, God.
Morticia Adams in the Adams family, 44.
Kitty Foreman from that 70 show has got.
How many she got?
About 30, man.
Okay.
Jolt Taylor from Home Improvement, 28.
Will McFlynn's Stone from Flint's 12th, 22.
Who is your mom?
Oh, Will Mom, taking her to dinner.
Laura Petrie from the Dick Van Dyke show, 21.
Oh, God.
June Cleaver, leaving to Beaver, 21.
Carmella Soprano from the Soprano's, 20.
Laura Lai Gilmore from the Gilmore Girls, 19.
Jane Jetson from the Jetson's, 19.
A lot of cartoon moms here, you know this?
Which probably an improvement in some cases over some of her own.
Elise Keaton, am I saying that right from Family Ties, 19?
Yeah, whatever.
Deborah Barone?
Everybody wrote it.
Raymond, 19.
Barone.
That's why I just got to your saying, oh correct me when I said it right.
Not buried.
I didn't say barren.
You think about it too?
She is.
Lily Munster from Munster's 18.
Eat it's Munster all in the family, only 14 for Eat it?
Oh no.
She just went up to 15.
Surely Partridge, that's why I voted for, because then David Cassidy would have been my brother.
The Partridge family, 14.
You see my logic?
Perverted and sick and disgusting, and I was very proud of it.
I'm a proud old pervert.
That's why they call me pop.
P.O.P.
Poodle Pervert.
Hey, Pop.
Roseanne Carter from Procedure, 13.
Donna Stone from the Donna Weed Show, 13.
You have to be stone to watch that.
Mary and Cunningham from On Happy Days, 12.
Lucy Ricardo from I Love Lucy, Lucy, 12.
Lucy, Carl Clare Hustleble from The Cosby Show, 12.
One of the worst shows in history.
Bitch, she was a horrible person.
Carol Brady from The Brady Bunch 10.
There is a story.
Maggie C. were from Growing Pains 8.
Caroline Ingel, Ingalls, Little House on the Prairie 8.
And Romano, one day at a time 8.
There's only about 4,000 on this list.
Every mother that was ever on TV.
Well, there's a few mothers.
Mod Finley from Mod 7.
Who the hell would want that bitch is their mama?
Martha Kent from Smallville 7.
Peggy Hill King of the Hill 6.
Florida Evans from Good Times, only 6.
Oh, no, that's so what's in it.
It's the role, right?
Correct.
And she's dead.
I love that theme.
If I had the energy and if I, you know, were it Monday?
I don't want to start off the week by spending a lot of energy.
Over the weekend, I spent a lot of time.
I actually went back to it by yesterday and broke even.
I won 1500 Saturday and I pushed my luck and I broke even.
It turned out there was a good time.
I love her.
Anybody who doesn't like that is in Communist America.
Not a Communist.
And we were watching the Walton's Five.
That was with John Boyle.
What was his name? Richard Thomas with a big mole.
He had a big mole on Moly Noma.
Fost on his foes.
Any Kenden from 7th Heaven 5.
Oh, man.
Barry Watson, he was that kid in 7th Heaven.
There were a lot of interesting people on that show.
It's still on, isn't it?
Or they cancel that.
7th Heaven.
I don't know.
I never watched it.
What?
I never watched it.
I remember Jefferson from the Jefferson's 4.
She should've done much better than that.
Weezy.
I think it's a racial thing myself.
Harriet Nelson Fuzzy and Harriet III.
God, she was so boring.
All the characters on that show was like they were in a perpetual coma.
Ozzy just barely ever, his voice barely raised above like a death whisper, you know.
And Rick and David.
Like, he went and Rick was singing, you know.
I'm walking.
Yes, indeed.
You're walking, all right, Rick.
Right off that plane.
Vivian Banks, Fred, a fresh principal or two, that's with the what's his name.
Will Smith.
And I hate him and I hate that show and he makes me sick.
The my stomach will smith.
I don't want to.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
He sure can't sing though.
I'll tell you that.
Surely Wilson from what's happening.
Now that's the one where there's this dispute where Brandon says it was made by Thomas and I'm surely Wilson.
That's all he got to hold.
So he cares.
It's a bad show.
No matter who John is, it's still a horrible show.
Margaret Anderson from five years old, first one and Harriet Winslow from Family Matters had won out of 703.
Yeah, we may get to a thousand.
I don't know.
That's not really all that important because it's QAM and...
Oh, secret.
Keep it a secret.
Don't tell anybody that we're on the year, okay?
Keep it a big secret.
Whatever you do, don't let the cat out of the bag.
It's a big secret.
Pretend that you're part of a very, very privileged small group.
And that we're in on some kind of a secret.
All the slime all the time.
When I started losing my hair, I lost my confidence too.
I tried roguing, but it didn't do a thing for me.
When roguing doesn't work, try moguing.
No moguing is scientifically proven to grow you a full thick helmet of hair just like mall from the free stouties.
After using moguing for just three weeks, my hair grew in as thick as malls.
More important, I got my confidence back too.
Now and more assertive.
Try your moguing today.
Hey, shallop, you lame brain.
I was talking.
What did you say?
I said, get it.
Knock on head.
Oh, my eyes.
Why are you all here?
You all know what?
I have to be more careful.
Oh, why is that?
See that?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'll take that.
Moguing, especially for me, they're going to get into people who look like curly.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
1030, they're not going to be like that, no.
724 votes on a pool.
We're going to get to our 1000.
Everybody's got a big smile on their face.
It's the middle of May, maybe.
It's a Caterer safety mile.
See?
Whatever that means.
And of course, that means it's dog days, really bad and big time.
So it's a good thing I'm not taking any stupid calls.
By the way, for those of you who missed the calls, maybe we ought to make this a regular segment
on the show at about this time every day.
What's that?
For those of you who missed the calls.
Call the project.
Call the project.
Call the project.
John Bond.
Gorgeous K.
Great show, Neil.
That's it.
There you go.
That's all you need.
XM satellite radio shock jocks, Opian anti-apologized Friday.
Did you hear this?
No.
Oh, come on.
They apologize for bringing a homeless man's crude comments.
They'd like to have sex with Condoleezza Rice, Laura Bush and Queen Elizabeth.
They'd like to have sex with the Queen.
What's wrong with, I mean, it's disgusting all those people that he meant.
And of course, they use the F for because it's on our own.
I guess that's what's supposed to make it funny.
The remarks are made on their show Wednesday by a guest to do what's called homeless Charlie.
The name of each woman came up to guess that he would like to have sex with her using language.
Not fit for print rights.
The Associated Press.
I'd like to F for that kind of, you know, F this, F that.
That kind of stuff.
Language not fit for print.
You can say it on satellite radio, which is about the only reason I'd like to be on satellite radio.
Plus the fact that a whole bunch of people would hear the show never heard it before.
And probably they would promote it too, as opposed to...
Killian.
West.
Opian Anthony laughed as they imagined Rice's horror while describing a violent sexual encounter in which rice is punched in the face.
Washington based XN condemned the remarks.
You see, here's the thing that really cracks me up.
You know, they put people on the air based on the idea that we're not supposed to be censored because it's not over the air and they're supposed to be outrageous and say whatever you want.
But don't offend anybody.
We deplore the comments made on Wednesday's Opian Anthony show XM's spokesman Nathaniel Brown told the AP on Friday.
He wouldn't say whether XM plan to take disciplinary action.
Here we go again.
Opian Anthony, whose full names are Anthony Kumian, Greg Opihue, is apologize to listeners on Friday show.
When in doubt they went for it out.
Why?
Because they, because they need the job.
I see.
We apologize to the public officials for comments we made on our XM show on May 9th.
We take very seriously the responsibility that comes with our creative freedom and regret any offense that the segment is caused.
They said, aww, because the show airs on satellite radio there are no federal restrictions on its content.
And that should be it.
That should be it.
That should be the discussion.
That should be all you need to know.
According to WXM's website, the radio service has parental controls that allow users to block access to channels that frequently contain explicit language.
These channels are designated with an XL notation.
XL.
There's some real...
It's just on there.
Can't say the words.
The same radio do always dump by CBS Radio in August 2002 for running a contest in which they said two listeners had sex in New York St. Patrick's Cathedral.
They were hired by XM in 2004.
The remarks could become an issue as XM seeks approval from the FCC to merge with New York-based Syrias, said Tom Taylor editor of the horrible trade magazine inside radio.
That rag.
Hey Tom, who are you kidding man?
XL and Syrias don't want any regulation.
He said in Friday's New York Daily News.
But it's come up in four congressional hearings at this point.
The merger is such a close call.
Any issue could become important.
In other words, they don't really care what they say.
But if it's bad for business, then shut up.
That's what it boils down to.
You can say whatever you want until it starts interfering with our business.
Then shut up.
Gosh dang it.
Oprah, Oprah and Anthony.
They just, and the thing in the St. Patrick's Cathedral with a couple of simulating sex or whatever was, it was very funny bit.
What was wrong with that?
But they pissed off the Catholic Church.
And they don't dare.
You dashed in there pissed off the Catholic Church or we're going to get your ass fired.
Because CBS fires everybody.
They even fired the I-Man.
In fact, if they would have, can you imagine if they would have something to do with the A-Team?
I don't know, the A-Team I think was on ABC.
I don't know what never happened.
I don't know.
It was on CBS.
They'd fired the A-Team and the I-Man and whatever.
Because they went out real easy since Janet Jackson had that little booby flap.
731 votes on the pool.
I think I'll read the whole result at least two, three times an hour, don't you?
I don't want to leave any of them out.
No, it's a two-horse race.
That's all I need to do.
The rest are all also rants.
Which TV mom would you prefer to have as your own?
Samantha Stevens from Bewitch has, she's moved into first place, 103.
Now, why is that, do you think?
Because she has magic powers and she can grant you all kinds of things.
Is that what it is?
Sure.
Because we like Elizabeth Montgomery so much.
You've got to do that too.
How can she be my in?
Anybody who believes there's a God, Elizabeth Montgomery?
How old was she when she died?
She was a young lady.
Google it.
Google it and see.
She was a young lady and we loved Elizabeth Montgomery.
Next thing, you know, what's your name?
Barbara Eden's going to die too.
I just have a few.
I know I shouldn't say that.
What's this guy doing with all the tattoos?
God is at disgusting.
Jesus, God Almighty.
I'm CNN.
You see that guy with all the tattoos?
I do see it.
It's a matter of fact.
Oh, grody.
Yeah, put, he's a serpent.
At least he put that serpent out and over that the schmoots.
Jesus, God Almighty.
She was 62.
She was what?
May 18, 1995.
Oh, that's not very old.
No, but over that.
When you're 64, go on 65 like I am.
62 is very old.
Anyway, she's got 103 votes to you as old because you're a, you know, a young whippersnapper.
And March Simpson from the Simpson's got 97.
That's all you need to know.
I'm not going to sit here and read 600, you know, as desperate as we may be because QAM is a secret.
I wonder if it's Victoria's secret, you think?
No, I don't.
Well, speaking of that, it lacks the fabrics of Independence Day or the Proids of Thanksgiving,
but it doesn't mean anticipation is building for Amsterdam's Day.
Oh, my God.
All right.
This is in the, this is in Toronto's star over the weekend, which again, they're making fun of the USA.
And I don't blame, I don't blame these connects from making fun of the US because, you know,
and I thought there were some constipated people here, but Jesus, at least this is a place where there's a little bit of enlightenment still alive as opposed to the US now, which is becoming even more constipated than the Brits.
The early celebration of sexual accidents would, when an estimated 100 adherents were to sit on Capitol Hill to sing the praises of
Premier and Overture would educate legislators on the need to keep federal funding flowing to Appstance programs is becoming a right of spring.
But the May 22nd event could be heading for extinction just like Appstance.
These are tough times for federally funded Appstance programs and a Democrat-controlled Congress appears poised to cut off cash for programs that are flourished under Fascist President Bush and the former Republican leadership on the heel, all those heap of crits.
The ACI-U is threatening to take the federal government to court to get it to stop spreading what it says is the erroneous information about the efficacy of condoms.
Legislators are armed with a study ordered by the US Department of Health and Human Services, which shows that young Americans taught Appstance are no more likely to avoid premarital sex than those who haven't been exposed to such teachings.
They're just as horny, they're still sliding the old salami.
The fight back Appstance educators have formed the National Appstance Education Association, opened an office on Pennsylvania Avenue and hired CRC public-right-of-relations, a well-known Republican-fascist firm.
If some of the funding is shut off, it would mark a major shift in a culture war that's been fought in the US Capitol for a generation.
Success in US governments have spent more than a billion dollars on Appstance education since 1996 alone, when various programs begun under Ronald Reagan were significantly ramped up during the Clinton administration.
The battle lines are clearly drawn.
Backers of Appstance Education argue that it is needed not only to cut down on the rate of teen pregnancy in the US, but to shape the moral character of future generations right, when in doubt leave it out.
Those who want funding cut, the funding cut, argue Appstance only teaching the most the fact that teenagers will engage in sex and should be taught how to avoid pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases in that context.
And by the way, pull and pray is not an acceptable alternative.
Louise Melling, the director of the Reproductor Freedom Project of the ACLU, says,
The ACLU's program teaches that sex out of wedlock is shameful and withhold information that teenagers must have if they're to make intelligence decisions when they're sexually active, which they will be.
Trust me when I tell you which they will be and they are and are screwing their brains out with you like it or not.
It also shuts out lesbian and gay teens in the US where marriage is not an option, she says.
Valerie Huber, the executive director of the National Appstance Education Association, says the establishment of a Washington office and the hiring of a major public relations firm was fortuitous, but not a sign that a major congressional battle looms.
Too often our programs are defined by those critical of our approach and Americans didn't have the luxury of learning what we're all about to where Roni is sound by, she says.
Her organization's commission to Zogby pool got it, got it.
That indicates eight and ten American parents want their children taught abstinence, not how to use a condom.
Isn't that something? Eight and ten American parents want their children taught abstinence, not how to use a condom.
The abstinence programs are funded through three separate streams, totaling $178 million this year, figure that could jump to 200 and forward you next year if Bush's budget win's congressional approval of the real battle will come over renewal of a program that provides $50 million in federal funds each year to the states where the recipient states record amounts $3.00 every 4-3-Dup by Washington.
To teach kids just to went in and out, leave it out. Don't do it. Just to think about it. Don't do it. That's the only way, Oive. People are ice holes.
There dead, there dead, the whole dark cast is dead. There dead, there dead, there dead, definitely dead. This Montgomery and that this more had to cure to the other dick too.
And it's straight to fall into staking, I'll turn out to, there dead, there dead, like don't else there all dead. There dead, all dead, yes positively dead. Except for Adam and Adam, but we're working on that too. So stay tuned and they will be dead soon.
Samantha Stevens, she's reading it baby from Bewitch. Elizabeth Blank, 112 votes and Marge Simpson is in second place. She's holding up number two, 97.
What if cartoon characters actually do use the things on what cartoon you're watching?
You ever saw a cartoon where they are, but I'm not talking about cartoons on TV, I'm talking about comic books.
Yeah, well comic book characters don't go to the tourlet. Sure they do.
To get out of here like Joe Paluka? Not those. I'm telling you that they have some adult-oriented comic books and cartoons out there. I'm talking about Nancy, you know, and Joe Paluka.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I give you the Bronx Cheer Florida style. That's it. But I should have disconnected this whole mechanism, made the little box and I could have taken them on or down, put it in the closet. I got so much equipment in this closet back here. It's the QA, it's the QA and Toronto Studio equipment closet. Probably a better stuff than you got down there. And I'm just talking about the stuff that's in the closet. Forget about the stuff that actually is working here, like that.
Check those stamps when he made your bills today. Did you know this? Are you aware of this? Yeah, I heard about it. It doesn't matter. What do you mean by that? I don't write a lot of letters. Orlando residents took the upcoming increase in stride Saturday as they lined up to mail packages and buy one in two cents stamps. Pretty soon it's gonna cost a dollar to mail a freaking letter. It's sential since the $0.39 first class rate is rising to $0.41. When I was a kid, I don't want to sound like an old Fuddy Dutty even though I am and I don't mind sounding like an old Fuddy Dutty because I am.
When I was a kid, you know, how much your first class stamp cost? I don't know, five cents. Three cents. Well, three cents. If you want to let it be sent, three cents. Yeah, no, you'll pound one cent. Priority may have been jumped from $4.5 to $4.60 for a pound. And postcards will go from $24.26 among other increases. Postcards used to be two cents. I think it was a penny postcard. Did they have penny postcards? Not in my life, ten. When I was a kid about a hundred years ago, I think so. I believe so. One or two cents.
Five, I mean, what is it? Forty-one cents? Jesus Christ. I only mail about ten things a month. So this amounts to about 20 cents extra. It's not gonna affect me that much. It's about $0.80 in a downturn post office branch. He's $0.80 for Christ's sake. The post office is like anybody else they want to cover their costs. Oh, what a... Oh. How do you like that? Here's a guy that just rolls over and takes it. Probably wouldn't be the first time either.
Dave Karch 42 does most of his bill payment online. As a result, he said he doesn't perceive the increases significant. I honestly don't care. I do... Yeah, so if you mailed 20 pieces a mail a week, which is a lot, that would be 40 cents a week. It's not the idea that the increases been like break anybody out there, like they're crossed a gas. But it's just the idea that it's just so outrageous. Karch said if I can mail a letter from here to Jersey and it crossed me 41 cents. I think that's pretty good. Another whoosh man. That's the probably American public. They just roll over and take it back home.
That's where they take it too. The increases today, which the Postal Service said it had to approve or to cover increasing fuel and healthcare costs for employees of the fourth jump in the agency's prices since 2001. You know how much the first flash stamp is here? 51 cents. Okay. That's not good. 51 cents. Whatever. This time the Postal Service tied the increases to package shapes which brought some rates up and lowered others under the new system, for example, a two-ounce letter would drop from 63 cents a week.
And that's the rate of 50 cents to 58 cents. Well, who the hell weighs their mail? I guess if you're in a business where you know, me mailing is part of your business. But other than that, who's got a postal scale?
Pikes are determined by the particular expenses of a class that mail generates. Have Gary Sawtale, spokesman for the Postal Service. Perhaps mailers can come up with creative ideas to reconfigure their mail into shapes that reduce their handling costs and thus reduce their postage costs. Should be your biggest problem.
Consumers also received good news recently as the Postal Service began printing forever stamps. Oh, I don't even understand what that is. I guess if I just read the next couple of programs, as the names suggest such stamps would always remain valid for mailing independent of future rate increases, doing what would need to buy small denomination stamps to add to the envelopes when the old stamps become obsolete.
John and you land the camp walk walked away from the post office Saturday without the forever stamps, but they thought they were a good idea.
We've been testing. He's been teasing me that the English have had this forever stamp for a long time. Forever said you land the 49 of her husband John Newhael's from England. He's a schmitty Brit. Yeah, I think America's finally caught up. He said, but he has something that doesn't say how much they are though.
A forever stamp. What are they about a buck? I mean, what does that mean? That's my question across this article doesn't answer. 100 bucks. What? 100 bucks? I don't know. No, seriously, how much of the forever stamps Google it forever stamp?
Do it now. Probably take forever. How we doing on that pool? Don't forget we have mad dog at two when we get back to sports because this is QAM.
And the morning show has been converted to 99.9% sports because clearance. Ferris brought them in there last week and gave them a real verbal whipping. He gave them a what for baby. Let me tell you right now.
That's the room around the building. That's what Kenny was belly acting about Friday morning and rightfully so. I mean, if you think it's impossible to drive that number down lower than where it is now, just wait. Wait till Ferris gets his finger in it, man. He's got his fingers deep in that show.
So what's the answer in the forever stamp? I'm googling that every which way and it doesn't have a price list that anywhere that it's referenced. Well, what kind of crap is that crap? I mean, I have forever stamp you assume that there be a premium on it because it's going to last for the rest of your life. I mean, how many are you going to buy even about like 1000 of some of the articles that I'm reading over here. It says that the price of the forever stamp will change. In other words, what?
See, yeah, I know that sounds like a scam, too. In other words, you pay for whatever it is that forever stamps cost right now and they will remain valid forever. But then if you want to buy more later on or someone that never bought them at the time, you know, they'll cost differently later on.
Oh, I rush out there right now and buy a whole bunch. When you I go out there and buy like rolls and rolls and roll just continue your email and not sending any letters.
I beg your pardon, I will continue not sending any letters. It will work once in somebody to check electronically.
I think that's a good idea. I can't afford to send you a check because the stamps cost to my straight. I think that's a good excuse. Sure. Holy Moses.
775 votes on the poor will be close to 800 by the end of the hour. And Chris, as usual, he was, you know, what do I mean by as usual?
Cool. As usual, he was confident and he was right. We'll make our thousand votes to the even on a Monday in the middle of May. Aren't the kids out of school hour? What?
Nope. Not yet. When did they out of school? I forget. But you got kids for crying out loud. I know that somebody else is problem.
I just pay the bills. What's TV, mom? When you have preferred is your own. I don't want to read this whole poll. Just too many.
Well, you see there. Oh, look at this. They're showing the video together that 90-wine-year-old man getting smashed and bashed in the smack in the head. There he is.
But that's exactly what Sim says. He did using the saw. Look at that. He just wailing away on that poor will. Oh, look at that. Oh, it's fine.
Oh, look at that. Look at these other people standing around and they're watching. They do not nerd. They're standing around watching.
The other one is for 91-year-old, the dark, complex guy, is getting the sloppy out of my mouth. Oh, the guy.
Leonard Sims, a car-jacking victim. This is a... Oh, a WDIV. That must be Detroit. What is the law of that kind of crap going on in Detroit? Oh, they're going to show it again.
Oh, and the old man falls down on the ground and the guy gets in and he just off he goes.
Man, what kind of...
Miniacs, what kind of lunatics, what kind of barbarians?
774 votes on that pool. Which TV mom would you prefer as your own? And by the way, Happy Mother's Day to everybody, even though it was yesterday.
I forgot to say that on Friday. You didn't remind me. And you want to know why? Because you don't wish your mother or Happy Mother's Day. No.
And I don't wish mine either, because she did. I called my sister, though, on Mother's Day. Did you? Yes, I did. I don't know how to have a sister.
Are you kidding me? That's for who I went to Montana with, to live with.
Chris, have you ever heard that before? Yes.
Oh, maybe when he was doing a show on his own, but not when I've been here. Maybe when you were filming in the set of those...
Instead of those great tapes. It's like you am. It's a secret.
Bewitch Samantha Stevens, on the 17th. That's because they got the hots for Elizabeth Montgomery. That's got to be it.
Sure, why not? And Marge Simpson is a second with 98. After that, I'm not reading them.
Because after that, next is 54, with the Morticia Adams and the Adams family.
That was a bad show, the Adams family.
Now, was the Adams family or the Munsters, the one that...
Al Lewis was on grandpa. He died. Munsters. The Munsters, that's what I thought. Who was on the Adams family?
Is that Olivia the Hamlin? John asked to know. I don't know what it was. John asked him with the mustache.
She was married to Patty Dush. Correct.
Oh, I can't say Dush, we can say Dush box. We cannot...
What?
It comes in a box.
It doesn't really. Sure it does.
I have a line for that too, but we definitely can't say that. No. Definitely can't say much of anything these days.
I don't understand CNN this morning. Oh, a shock radio death. I got news for freedom of speech is dead.
That's what it's all about. It's got nothing to do with shock radio. It's got to do with freedom of speech.
Everything has to be politically correct. Everybody is uptight not a sight. And it's a bunch of communist fashus crap is what it is.
Just as Joyce will tell you, that nasty, hostile smelly bitch.
God, do I hate her ass? And the rest of her too. Hey Joyce!
Break them!
How much is she smells like this old lady that was...
Oh, stand next to me. You know, why do these old people do that all the time?
You're sitting at your machine. What are the people?
You know, I'm not just that, but why do they have to like practically sit in your lap?
You know, don't you see me sitting here on the big fat old tour? Can't you see me here?
Why are you like practically sitting on the chair that I'm sitting on you old smelly bitch? God!
See, that's one thing about me. I don't care what anybody says. Chronological age doesn't predict your behavior.
You know what I mean? Right. No idea.
There are people my age who act like old condo commanders like there were a hundred. And that's unacceptable.
Absolutely unacceptable. And even an old fart like me, I'm going to put up with it.
I'm going to do with that guy Detroit, and I'm going to start smacking him in the head.
I'm going to find the oldest, most people people like him, and just beat the crap out of him. Just make me feel better.
Not a good idea? Excellent idea. I'm going to start doing it.
You'll launch your show. You'll be fairly.
This is your blame.
Any questions?
When you got on the airplane the drinks started right away.
Couple of our girls, then some time it contained your rain.
And you got the one.
You started acting silly like happy jack the clown.
You pulled your zipper and your pants came a tumble in down a hole.
When you climbed on the cart, then got started with a fight.
And you did.
In front of a soul, your run don't you know that if the fabric was occupied.
One of us was step by side to keep you from doing.
I got started with a fart.
You didn't dump that I hope.
Whatever that sound was. Sorry I wasn't listening.
Good. Me either.
790, oh it used to be WNWS.
They used to be an old good station for old people.
I used to work there for 100 years, WS News.
Anybody remember Prisca Robinson?
No.
Steve Bailey?
No.
Alice Rantel?
No.
Shirley Tweeders?
No.
Steve Kane, Mr. Rigo, back before we came boarding in Christian,
adopted 800 kids.
No.
Stan Major?
No.
Who else was on that station?
Barbara Stubley?
No.
Oh my god, I could tell you stories about that bitch.
Who else was on WS News?
Irv Shinwer?
No.
We had him on Craig Worthing?
No.
Jerry Wicksner?
No.
He's dead.
790.
And before that, of course it was WFUN.
Long before that.
Like.
WS News.
790, oh, another hour on.
David Crowley.
Crowley Crowley.
Well so anyway, Rick Shaw on Friday, we talked to Ricky Tiki, hung it up.
50 years in a business and 150 years in Miami.
It's South Florida all over the place, QIM, all the way to the magic.
And now he's sleeping in.
He may just be barely getting up now.
Right?
I don't know about that.
But it seems to me, I don't know about you, but I wake up every morning, even on the weekend,
pretty much at the same time.
I mean, weekends I'll go back to sleep, I'll go to the clock, and I'll say, although the weekend's Saturday morning
and get up extra early because I got to go to Woodbuy, I got to meet my machine, mine.
What's a machine, man?
What's a machine?
What do you mean, man?
That wasn't a machine.
Seriously, you know, I'm going to really miss those calls, not, not.
And I would say like maybe once every week or two, once every week or two, it might be one that's even like the guy with the serious thing,
the president of serious, and that was rather amusing.
But is it worth 50 million?
Hi!
Hi!
Post-Affriculars!
Hi!
Hi, Ron!
Is it worth a million, though?
I don't think so.
I mean, I understand that I know nothing about what I'm doing.
Right.
That's why I've been on here for eight million years because I don't know anything about talk radio.
And certainly tapes, old outdated tapes, even if they're only from days before, talking about stuff that's old news.
That's always very civilating radio, not.
Right.
I'm going to, and I told you this before way back when, and you just said that you were right.
Yeah.
Oh, good.
You hear that, Chris?
Write it down.
You were right.
If you thought what preceded this regime was bad, and it was, I told you, these current regime here they haven't got a clue.
They wouldn't know where to, how to turn a radio on, much less how to operate one.
God.
And all I got was, oh, he's a good guy, he's jolly, yo.
Yeah.
Oh, like Sandy Claus.
Well, great.
Sandy Claus, they make it stuck in the chimney one of these years if he doesn't cut the crap.
That's the problem when you got a big fat ass.
I think he's got tapeworm.
That's why he's obsessed with the tapes.
Either that or just stupid one or the other.
It's got to be one or the other.
Or maybe a combination of both.
Don't you think we've tried these things?
Don't you think we've been there and done all these things, jolly, jo?
Don't you think we know a little bit?
Just a teeny tiny bit about what we're doing.
And if George is good enough to be doing Monday, Wednesday and Friday on the, during the summertime.
And we continue being number one summer after summer after summer,
what George is doing most of the shows, then why wouldn't he be good enough to do Fridays assuming I would do that thing?
Which I'm not doing it anyway.
We can only have so much of Neil Rogers' replacements on the air before it's not the Neil Rogers show anymore.
Right.
Is that, was that the word?
Sure.
Is that what he said?
Yes.
To you?
Yes.
When was this?
I told you after your big lunch meeting, whatever he repeated what he said on the phone,
that he wouldn't say anything behind my back, that he wouldn't say to my face.
And so he repeated everything that he said to you at dinner.
And that was his rationale for having that opinion.
Tapes.
Blow.
Okay.
They don't get any numbers.
They're stale.
They're outdated.
People don't want to listen to them.
But other than that.
797 on the pole.
We're approaching 800 there.
You've said it, Chris?
No.
What about lunch today?
It's only Monday.
We had bacon.
I had bacon.
From how he's no less.
You bet.
That's at least give those people a little bit of a plug every now and then, okay?
Chris has got their menu.
He knows where they are.
They're bust in their ass over there to bring you guys over here like five times,
just before 9 o'clock, they're over here five times already.
Really?
Yeah.
Everybody takes advantage of them.
They bring food to the other people, for the Kenny and Bomore.
I think power was for them and everything.
And probably for Evan Skolnik.
I sure hope he wasn't eating tray.
He's so lucky with Jewish boy to me.
Evan Manashe Skolnik from the Sunset Lot they had on again.
Another funky, was it Ethan?
Yeah, Ethan J Skolnik.
What turns is, oh, Ethan J Skolnik.
Yeah, he actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
He actually gives me.
There, I said it sex.
I realized we can't say very much.
And then we found out at the end of the ass end of the show
that Sunday night is sex night at Kenny's house.
I had no idea.
Yeah, that's when the wife goes out of town.
I was going to say it is for me too, but that's because I'm not home.
Right.
Bush and the media playing us for fools writes Dave Lindorf on Smirking Chimp.
I got a whole bunch of stuff here.
And by the way, Daniel Abaster, let me just say this to you.
Okay, because I heard a little spy report over the weekend.
He was reading some emails or something on the ears.
Oh, I'm going to sound like Neil Rogers.
I'm reading on here.
The day that you sound like Neil Rogers will be the day that
Geltie starts sounding like Walter Cronkite.
Okay, Danny Boy.
Well, you know, all these newspaper people who are pretending
out to be broadcasts is not bad enough.
We got all the ex-jocks who pretend to be broadcasts.
There are no broadcasts anymore.
And we got that rich-yaw thing.
Play a little tease of that.
We're going to play that.
And on a rich-yaw retiring on Friday.
Hope you're awake, Ricky.
Do you want to play a little now?
That's all right.
What did I just say?
I don't know.
I was going to play.
He's a little pressured.
Everything was out of her room.
But he wanted us to make a claim to clock her interpreters.
How many hours?
There's a little tease that's attending it to the thing.
And the speaker of that, now he read my email on Friday.
And I'm sure he had a million emails, so he didn't respond.
And then another Ricky read my email last night and didn't respond.
And when it says red and no reply, you know what that's like?
It's like a slap in the face.
I don't want to start getting, you know, playing butch boss with anybody.
But you know how sensitive I am about all that, the Myspace stuff and everything?
All those emails.
1375 Myspace friends on our page.
I think that's pretty impressive that far beyond what Miguel had in mind.
When he decided he was going to be on...
There's those questions.
What?
That it has grown farther than anyone in the world.
And we don't have any fake people on their life-low bastard.
You know, the Frank Cain Goldberg and the fake Eddie Kaye and the fake...
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, Bush and the media playing us for fools, David and Dorf says.
He says the idiot American media are giving Bush another free pass.
Running stories now that the U.S. is willing to talk with Iran,
but only about how to calm down the Iraq conflict.
What a pathetic joke.
How can anybody take this claim from the White House that it is trying to negotiate with Iran about Iraq seriously
when the U.S. is simultaneously threatening Iran with a catastrophic attack?
While the State Department is claiming it wants to negotiate with Iran on the narrow issue of 70,
and, accordingly, she assumed the conflict inside Iraq.
Vice President Cheney stands on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier Stennis and the Persian Gulf.
F-18 Hornets are made carefully behind him for maximum belligerent effect,
and threatens to attack Iran if it tries to obtain nuclear weapons and tries to close down shipping in the Persian Gulf.
This is not the way to get Iran to accept...
to agree to accept the world as peacemaker in Iraq and arrest you America from a military disaster in that be-nated country.
If the White House truly wanted to settle the conflict in Iraq,
Bush would call for broad talks with Iran on selling differences between the two countries on a whole range of issues,
from nuclear proliferation and nuclear power to trade in including a regional solution to the crises in Iraq and Afghanistan.
But of course the White House has got no interest in any of that.
Bush and Cheney indeed have been pushing the head with their goal of attacking Iran,
which is basically their ace in the whole for defending a collapsing presidency from imploding entirely before the scheduled end of Bush's second term of orifice.
That's why they've moved three powerful aircraft carrier battled groups into position in the Persian Gulf,
and the Arabian Sea and are not a big enough to launch a massive aerosol on Iran on a moment's notice.
The last thing the Bush gang ought to do is end the conflict in Iraq,
which would mean surrendering to the insurgency.
Better from their perspective, let American troops continue killing and dying until the January 2009,
when a new president will be left with a thankless job of cleaning up the mess.
Endless wars become the modus operandiah of this administration,
but obviously it all is the complicit U.S. media won't admit it.
They play along instead with the fantasy that the administration is trying its best to bring it all to an end.
They report on administration claims to be interested in narrow negotiations with Iran on Iraq,
as though they're making serious efforts toward peace,
but in fact it is all nothing but propaganda meant for the American consumption.
Nobody in the rest of the world takes this nonsense seriously,
and nobody in America should either write David Lindorf on the smircling chimp.
What are how many people are reading our stories?
Well, I already know how many are reading them.
A fair amount, a couple.
A few hundred.
I mean, it's, you know, what are we going to do?
Remember when we used to be great, when we used to be legendary?
Now we're a big secret.
800-8 votes on the pool.
Which TV mom would you wish would have been your own mom?
And of course we probably should have put on their, you know,
I'll stick with my own mom or something like that would have been nice,
but now that mother's days over we don't have to be, you know, live up to it.
I don't want to put that on it.
It's too early.
If there's one thing I don't want to be, it's corny and syrupy and like that, you know,
mushi.
I don't want to be the mushman, the mushmeister.
Stephanie, who?
Samantha Stevens on Bewitch, 119.
And Marge Simpson on the Simpson's 103.
Those are the only ones like in the running.
It looks like Bewitch is running away.
That's probably because I played that thing.
Now if I played some Simpson's rock,
and you think that would help Marge?
Sure.
Who does it?
Yeah.
Oh, finally.
Kills moving up to the big legs, boy.
There's a marker in there.
There's a marker in there.
There's a marker in there.
There's a marker in there.
There's a marker in there.
Who does it?
Feeling stupid?
I know I am.
Yeah, me too.
Anyway, 12 minutes after 11 o'Cue, eh?
Go!
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
We're going to know again.
Love it.
17 to 560.
WQM, somebody sent in.
And this is not, oh, this is from University Dodge.
So this must be Ray, whoever the mysterious Ray is down there.
Right.
Up there.
In there.
I like this pool.
In fact, this may be tomorrow's pool, you know what?
Keep the poles coming by the way.
Keep them fact coming in.
Somebody did facts in the information I wanted about that forever stamp.
Thank you so much.
There was a paper jam.
That's why you had a whole bunch at the same time.
Well, Jan honored, baby.
Here's the pool for tomorrow.
If my doctor told me I had 30 days left to live.
I would blank.
I would blank.
Have as much sex as humanly possible.
Well, of course, the nickel without saying.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
You betcha.
Well, I'll tell you something.
It will be Juan Heliver.
Hardy.
Oh, yeah.
Cronan De-Bedon.
Stay there.
Ain't it all right now.
I would see the world.
Put it all on American Expression.
Who cares?
Make a man with those I've wronged.
Aw, isn't that sweet.
I wonder if Larry King would say that?
Make a man with those I've wronged.
become real religious real fast.
Hunt up Joyce and kick her in her balls and I wouldn't do anything.
The last one there about hunting up Joyce, that's a good idea, yeah.
I'd think like a two by four and jam a deep back down inside of her, okay?
Any orifice I could find. That's how much we hate that disgusting, self-appointed
censoring bitch. Now speaking of censorship, this is shocking from
Josie Lambeet and the Palm Beach Post.
In his column, The Low Down. You can't get much lower than this.
For once WFTLA and A50 ran her Joyce Kaufman as speechless.
Remember Joyce Kaufman used to be on the leisure with Norma Candemiss
to be go and all those other people.
Kaufman has been harping an immigration nonstop on her show for nearly two months.
Oh, she's like Lou Dones, Jr.
Is the target of a complaint to the FCC?
West Palm Beach immigration attorney Arlene Joseph filed two weeks ago
because of a statement Kaufman supposedly made April 25th.
What does she say, Josie asks?
That illegal aliens should be hanged on the central square.
I know she corrected herself today after saying that criminal illegal aliens
should be hung, Joseph said. That kind of talk is enthesement.
Kaufman didn't return no calls.
Give me a break.
I mean, it's a stupid thing to say, but then again so is Nappy Edden Hoes,
but does that mean somebody should complain to the FCC?
Arlene? Jesus, get a life where you're pleased.
I have no word on.
My dear, this is America for you now.
Oh, I'm offended by what you said. It was enthesed.
Join decent. That's what you are.
All these professional troublemakers, oh, there's the guy.
There's a dealer.
$17 billion for all of them.
You got what a mustache, the Adonmer Christ crystal guy.
We were out doing an ascent of dudes doing a joys or whatever you were doing.
And I was saying, who is that guy from the Adonmer Clark Chrysler's spots
with a mustache?
Yeah, I don't know.
And Chris was going, oh, you would have said, you also?
Probably.
The German guy.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know.
Dealer Schmendrick, I don't know what his name.
828 votes on the pool. We're going to make 1,000 easy day.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
As long as we can get 1,000 votes on the pool every day,
and my paychecks keep showing up a day early, I'm showing up.
That's all. That's it.
What else? What is not to like? Am I right about that?
That's right.
We get paid the same.
We're the without your stupid ass phone calls.
We're the without...
HONK!
Chambam!
Prozac for carers!
Without the five people.
You know, and that's basically all we got.
At this morning, I'm listening to the Kenny and Bull for about 20 minutes,
and thank God you came in here and cut that right off.
But they had an old, dark, and complex carol,
one of the chronic sports callers.
That's the only call that I heard.
And he was talking...
The phone was so muffled.
And he was talking of course about Ricky Williams.
Oh my God.
Did I talk about this guy here?
Dieter Zetshi.
Dieter Zetshi.
Dieter Zets.
I don't know what his name is, and I don't care.
Anyways, got a big ugly silly mustache, like a catfish.
Wouldn't it look like a catfish mustache?
Okay, that's what I was talking about.
I'm sure he would go by the way.
So they're...
Is he going to get a tank?
They're trading.
And they crawl along to bottom and eat all the...
Oh, here's another poll suggestion.
From the upon beach trouble maker,
on the day Neo Crocs won't be your response.
I'm just going to start reading some of these poll ideas.
Because I'm not taking any calls anyway,
so they can't start calling in to build the poll.
Oh, I got one for that poll and they're well good.
Put it in a bottle.
Put a message in a bottle and stick it and keep it skin.
On the day Neo Crocs won't be your response.
He died doing what he wanted to do.
Well, I can imagine who I was doing at that point then.
He's mackin' on Jesus right now.
See, he was in the Phil's material, and that's him.
That's right.
Just like an old Paul in ancient Ron.
I know he is up there looking down at us.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Oh, yeah.
He's in that big radio station in the sky.
He died a free man, no wife.
He was a rotten bastard and good riddance.
And look at the way he spelled riddance.
Riddance.
Grimes with kittens.
He was a lovely human being, blah, blah, blah,
and who's in the will?
Now, when we're getting to the meat of the matter, who's in the will?
Mm-hmm.
Ain't 33 on a poll by the way.
Let's see how is ZO1 and 2.
It's good because there's 8 million choices on there,
and everybody's got at least one.
That's good.
But I don't need to read anything after the first two.
Samantha Stevens, which TV mom would you prefer to zero?
So, Samantha, from Bewitch, 121,
and Mart Simpson from the Simpsons of 104.
Why Mart Simpson?
It seems awfully, I don't know.
She's funny.
She's cool.
She's a good mom.
She cooks.
She's attentive.
Mm.
Seems awfully silly to me, Charlie,
but nevertheless, he puts the poll together
and she's doing very well.
So, what would I know?
I also named a recommendation.
I don't want you to send her in.
I'm sorry. I don't want you to Simpson.
That's all right.
So here's somebody facts me the information
about the forever stamp.
It says it will always be available
at the price of a first-class stamp and effect at the time you buy it.
OIC to introduce the stamp to the public,
the postal service is offering it today at $0.41.
Customers may use the stamp as soon as they wish,
but the stamp prices will not change until May 14th.
When prices change in the future,
the forever stamp will sell at the new one-ounce,
single-piece first-class mail price.
In other words, the incentive is to buy a whole bunch of now,
I guess, what they're trying to say.
Right.
In other words, when it goes up to $0.43,
then the forever stamp will cost $0.43.
But if you're mailing out stuff like in a year or five years
or 100 years and you're still using the forever stamp,
go out and buy a whole bunch of now is what I would do.
I'd go out there and buy 50,000 rolls of forever stamps.
Not a good idea?
Sure.
What about it?
As opposed to paying your bills.
Okay, don't pay your bills.
Of course, like you do, pay them electronically.
I don't know.
Am I old-fashioned because I refuse to do that?
There are people that still are,
but in the future, I think this mail thing is going to be
a specialty item, only, obviously.
It's going to become a specialty thing?
Yeah, it's going to get expensive and it's a pain in the ass,
and it's just so much easier to do everything electronically.
So people can hack into your accounts
and they can do that anyway.
Yeah, that's right.
I think it can do it anyway.
So why not give them a chance?
Give them a chance to have a little bit of fun.
Right.
Dearborn, Michigan.
You know, dearborn?
Oh, maybe.
A lot of Arabs are in dearborn.
WKNR, WKNR Detroit, with offices in the shirt and can't know.
I used to be WKNR dearborn, with offices in the shirt and can't like Detroit.
That was the ID.
Kiner 13.
That may have been the greatest radio station of all time.
Too bad we don't have no Kiner jingles.
I think you've got some somewhere.
Let me look and see.
I'm positive I don't have them.
Oh, boy.
We got some old IOD jingles for blind minds.
Oh, two depressing.
It's like suicide inducing on a Monday.
Oh, I do love this one.
It looks like it's ready for the final part.
It's already on there.
Wow.
That's too far.
It's almost what I heard today.
That's bad.
That is really bad.
I think Chris might get fired for that.
That wasn't the farth.
It was just a technical bit.
It was just a drum roll.
It was a rimshaft.
Yeah, that's what it was.
A police officer in the Detroit server of Dearborn.
WKNR Detroit, without an IC, I keep saying that wrong.
Not that anybody remembers that.
Except maybe Jay Michael Wilson, with Rodney the Rodent, the talking rat.
A police officer in the Detroit server was allowed to resign after admitting he took marijuana
from criminal suspects and with his wife baked it into brownies.
He was a brownie-hound.
What's wrong with that?
The department's decision not to press you.
Former captain Edward Sanchez left a bad taste in the mouth at least once at the official
who vowed to investigate.
If you were a cop and you were arresting people and you're confiscating the marriage
of Winnie and keeping it yourself, that's bad.
That's real bad.
City Councilman Doug Thomas told the Detroit Free Press.
That's like apprehending a bank robber keeping some of the money for yourself.
Well, why not?
If he's got like 10 million, what's a million?
I'll give nine back.
The newspaper said Sanchez we resiledize you to climb the comet.
Police commander Jeff Geysinger left a full message with Detroit Telted in station WDIV,
saying Sanchez resigned to re- and in criminal investigation.
Geysinger didn't return to answer what he calls asking my Sanchez was not prosecuted.
Not prosecuted.
Cops can make brownies with weed, but if you do a man, you're going straight to the slimer.
The department's investigation began with a 911 call from Sanchez's homemade pro-20 first 2006.
On a five minute tape of the call obtained by the Free Press, under the Michigan Freedom
of Information Act, Sanchez told an emergency dispatcher he thought he and his wife were overdosing on marijuana.
I think we're dying.
He said we made brownies and I think we're dead.
I really do.
What a brownie.
What an idiot.
Yeah, Sanchez later told police that his wife took the marijuana out of his police vehicle while he was sleeping.
In a subsequent interview, he admitted he got it out of the car himself, put it in the brownie mix and eat the brownies.
And thought I'm dying over here.
Oh, God, Nihar.
You get down on your knees, fiddle with your rosaries, bow your head with free press back down.
Change you flex, change you flex, change you flex, man.
To whatever steps you want it, you have cleared them with the pontiff.
Everybody say his own career, he lays on doing the vining and ride.
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there, the guy who's got religion, I'll tell you if your sins are original.
If it is, I plan it safer, drink the wine and chew the wafer, two or six, eight, blind to friends of smashies.
Oh, get down upon your knees, fiddle with your rosaries, bow your head with free press back down.
Change you flex, change you flex, change you flex, man.
Take a cross on your abdomen when in Rome, do like a Roman, our B-Maria.
She's good to see you.
Get an exanding outside of your mind, I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna ride.
Well, I got some bad news for me.
And that as I just had two, Brandon and the Amami Palmfrey guy who's anonymous and both emailed me the Rikshar of the clip from YouTube.
From you.
Rikshar signing off on Friday.
Yeah.
And I approved it on the first one and I'm looking on here and it didn't show up, it didn't transfer over.
Now what would that happen?
There's a delay involved sometimes.
Get out of here, we've had this conversation about my space.
When you acknowledge that it doesn't work most of the time, you'll be a happier person.
And then when it does work, it works slowly.
I see, so in other words it's like on a delay.
There is a delay.
Okay, I've done this before, I get approved to comment and other show that it has been.
But I'm being, it's their love of God.
The only thing consistent about my space is that it isn't.
I see.
That's their only constant is that they don't have one.
Well that's the first thing because I was gonna tell everybody to look on Ernie.
He is crying man, ballin' like a baby, Rikki Tiki.
By the way, if he ever calls in again or anybody on the bat line, you're gonna have to keep your eye on it.
Because I got something shut off.
I will.
I can just tell you that.
I can just tell you that.
Just our future information.
I got that baby shut off, it's dark.
It's really like, like, time made, oh Jay.
Remember what time magazine made, oh Jay, so black.
Well that's how the screen looks on there.
It's real dark.
It's finster.
It's schwarz.
Now are you looking on this thing?
How about you, Chris?
Are you looking on our, my space page?
Where the comments are?
Going out.
And it's the, uh, YouTube.
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe because it's a YouTube thing.
It's gonna take longer to get out of that.
And that's another thing.
YouTube also has its own, uh, you know, packet of issues.
Issues?
Yes.
They have their own issues.
Is that what you try to say?
Issues and tissues?
Yes.
Well that for us, my fat ass.
I'm gonna have to have a chance that, uh, yes.
I'm sorry, I'm reading.
I'm still going through here.
There's also a chance that it could be screwed up and you might have to, uh, you know, approve it from the other source.
But I already deleted it from the other source because I thought I put it on.
You know what you're gonna be trying to put this on.
I'm probably resending it right now.
Who is?
Whoever sent it to you the first time.
Well, maybe Brandon will send it again.
Send it again, Brandon.
There are Miami, a palm tree, or anybody else.
So I'll try.
I'll try to get on there.
But anyway, he was falling like a baby and they were handing them clean eggs.
And we look, took a deep breath.
I could understand after 50 years in the business.
So let me ask you something.
When I do my last show, which is a year and a half away or there are buss,
when I do my last show, you think I'm gonna get like all weepy and, uh, like that.
I'm not, not getting Rick, because I love Rick Shaw.
And he's been really a good friend to us.
But I'm just saying, you think I'm gonna get all, uh, psychotic?
Probably not.
I'll let out a deep breath, alright?
It'll be like a sigh of relief.
Oh, thanks God, like that, you know.
Is what I'll do.
That's my prediction.
Of course, maybe not.
Maybe I'll get all blurry eyes, and I'll be calling.
Of course, I won't be taking any calls.
And you think any year?
Now, that's a good question for you.
Any year and a half, do you think we'll be back to taking calls?
I don't know.
That all depends on what happens in a year and a half.
What do you mean by that?
Assuming that, you know, the show that we continue and complete the, uh,
the deal.
Who knows somebody might do something in that amount of time.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
You mean like die?
Is that what you had in mind?
Oh, okay.
No, that's not what I had in mind, but sure that works too.
That might work.
That might solve a lot of problems, you know.
Not that we wish any your health to, uh, jolly old Fat Joe.
Old St. Nicholas, but Jesus God.
I think that might be the only answer.
Holy Moses!
I might have an assignment for, uh, well, not what he had in mind, though.
Oh, and I wait a minute.
What the hell was that?
I don't know.
My blackberry is buzzing.
So this was a comment you approved?
Or what?
It was a comment I approved, and, uh, yeah.
I don't see it displaying yet, so there's a delay.
What would he mean by that?
I don't see it yet.
I don't see that comment yet.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, man.
What a life.
That's all I can tell you.
Okay, let's see.
Now did I get a recent here or what?
I'm looking.
And it says no problem.
I don't know what that means, Brandon.
What does that mean?
No presendent.
Resendent, please.
Resend me that thing because it got screwed up.
I don't want to say to, uh, the palm tree guy,
because the palm tree may just be a palm tree.
Okay, let's see.
Oh, and I hear it.
I like this pool.
Maybe this is the one for tomorrow.
We need this because this is WQM.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I would listen to WQM more often if there was more dolphin talk.
There was more hockey talk.
Oh, yeah, that would do it.
There was more guilty.
There was more non-sports programming.
Ah, non-sports program.
They played more tapes.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Yeah.
This is a great pool.
It's also for university dogs, by the way, from Ray.
Well, whoever does these pools.
George had his own show.
Joyce died.
Oh, yes, speaking of I'm dying over here.
That's something we can pray for.
I'm on my knees right now, baby.
Joe Rose came over to QAIM.
The ticket went off the air already listened day and night.
That's a good pool.
I think that's tomorrow's pool.
Sure.
Even better than the one about if Neal croaks and better than the one if I had only 30 days to live.
Just keep that in mind, okay?
Yeah, I'll get that thing on here.
And then because when I get it on there, then after that, I want you to play that segment of Ricky Tiki from the Blast from the past.
Rick Shaw.
See, I'm not one of these people that believes, you know, he did the last show and then we talked to him on Friday and he got interviewed by all the local media and everything.
And there were a couple articles in the paper.
And then that's it.
Goodbye.
I don't believe that, you know.
I'm a believer in like, you know, pay a little bit of a tribute for a crying island.
Here's a guy who's like freaking legendary, baby.
He survived 50 years in this horse ball business.
Man.
And I did get an email reply from Ricky.
But now, Rick Shaw.
Just from Ricky.
Some of these guys are very sensitive.
You know, if I like Rip him on the air a little bit, they start.
Relax, Ricky.
Hope you feel better.
He's a come down. He's ill and a little bit.
And he's still hoping to get laid very soon.
I hope for his sake he does.
I think he'll feel better, don't you?
I think so.
Funny.
Oh, do you remember that story, don't you?
Mm-hmm.
See, here's some inside stuff that we're not going to tell you folks out there.
But here's a story about a man called, whatever it was called.
We're going to get a thousand votes today.
I'm feeling really good today.
I don't know what it is.
There's something in the air everywhere.
Whatever the hell that means.
Catch my drift.
Are you drifting?
I'm drifting.
21 till noon we got mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock this afternoon on QA&N.
Don't tell anybody though because it's all about kept secret.
We don't want anybody to know.
Don't be starting running around town saying, hey QA&N's got some pretty interesting of people on there.
Even though they're very old and they're not as hip and all that other crap.
Well, that, you know, that very jackass.
Hey, very, you are a jackass, okay?
You fairy.
Even very rhymes with.
You fairy.
Mathetic.
Just another shill.
You know, he's just on a payroll.
And you notice he's like a chameleon.
He used to be in Greg Reads pocket.
Now he's in Joel Feinberg's pocket.
He's the pocket rocket.
Very jackass.
Ricky Williams said goodbye.
To for all.
Oh, Ricky, how can you do this?
I want us to kill legs.
And slip your crack with my greasy nose.
And she'd rather smoke us with now I'm pulling up my fly.
For the season.
You dashed my hopes of memory bliss.
Here's roll open my eyes.
For no apparent reason.
I like bustles of the bridge.
There's no AC in my trailer.
And then I find you no longer here.
You've got this game right now.
It's best of failure.
And over the hearts of all the sports players.
Oh no, won't this fit to size?
Now you're the only child.
It's your joys I want in my mouth.
I'm the half of the size.
Back to life's formal radio.
The thing goes like this.
Thanks Brandon.
Who's back?
Oh, let me put you five.
We got that on air.
This would be a good time for you to get that thing ready.
Try it.
Now are you looking at that thing there?
Going back to my space page.
I want you to look at it.
I want everybody to look at it.
If they're out of my space thing.
Because it's the first comment there.
It's the YouTube video of Ricky Shaw.
There it is.
Farewell, you see it?
I'm seeing it.
I'm seeing the audio from that.
I can't do it from here.
I'm doing it.
You can play it there.
You got it?
Loading.
Check it out.
Two point seven.
It's all come down to this.
A moment of time that puts an exclamation point in the 50 years.
Playing rock and roll music on the radio.
I did the math.
It comes out to nearly 975,000 songs.
170,000 hours behind a microphone.
And along the way, I've given away about $5 million in cash and prices.
It all started by accident when my high school English teacher invited me to see the radio station where he worked part time on weekends.
I went and this the face would have it.
His newsman got sick.
My teacher looked at me and said, you can read you do the news.
I called my mom.
Told her I was coming.
Beyond the radio.
I was 17.
Usually got a D in penmanship as most of them all throughout here know.
But they're pretty well in there.
You read it.
Calm down, Rick.
I read it.
I read it over and over.
Almost had it memorized.
Sat down at the table opposite my teacher and when they record ended he turned on the mic and said ladies and gentlemen it's 955.
And here's Jimmy Hummel with news.
In the deepest wars I could muster I started to read.
The biggest clock I had ever seen was on the wall opposite my seat.
And I finished with 15 seconds.
The biggest one he ever saw.
A clock.
Teacher filled to the top of the hour and the station joins them.
That worked for a national loose cast.
I had done it.
Didn't blow a single word.
I could legitimately claim to be a full cast.
The station manager called wanted to know who I was.
My teacher told him I was hired for a dollar an hour.
That was the minimum weight back then to read the news after school.
Six months later I witnessed the very first and a long series of disjockeys.
Being let go.
He was the rock and roll guy and there was nobody on the remaining staff who knew anything about rock music except me.
Program director called me into his office for the first time.
What would be many closed door sessions.
The music director had picked the songs to be played that afternoon.
There was a big stack of 45s on his desk and he said here take these into the control room.
You are now a disc chocky.
And the rest as they say his history.
I knew as I drove home that day and my 54 Ford stickship listening to my new radio station.
I had just stumbled onto my life work.
Sitting in a room alone, talking into a little machine and hundreds and thousands, maybe even millions of people,
would be listening along the way.
1956 rock and roll music was beginning to happen.
Elvis was on the Dorsey Brothers TV show and Ed Sullivan was waiting in the wings right here to fire the shot that would be heard around the world.
No books to read, no classes to take.
There were very few experts in the rock and roll radio business back then and strangely by the standards of the day the few that were making it happen were pretty good.
Oh this has got 5 and a half minutes to run yet.
They weren't burdened with that.
Here's how many of them run this whole thing.
Four minutes.
Nobody had ever done what we were doing.
The soap operas which we want to run this whole thing.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Are you running a tape over the crack?
No, no, seriously is that nobody will look at that thing.
It's under my space.
Oh there it is.
Yeah.
And the words don't match the audio as it matches the video.
So whoever did the U show, nothing gets to happen sometimes.
These things do happen.
So I think the appropriate thing now is for you to fire up that time will be perfect.
Fire up that Ricky Tiki attribute.
Radio.
These are the impressions that everything was out there.
Twenty-four minutes of wait for me to call a current temperature seven.
He wasn't going now.
58 degree low in Miami tonight.
No, no, no QAO.
Calling for six tends to.
Who knows what's going to happen.
I do.
Hello.
I guess you know who this is.
This is Dan Channel from WQAM Radio.
Yes, I'm listening to you.
Here we go.
You are listening to me right now.
No, no, no.
You're about $610,000, don't you?
Of course that's right.
Yeah, that's right.
That's fantastic.
That's really.
It's Sir John Henry of the Soul Riders.
Sir John Henry of the unbelievable Soul Riders and eight-piece band busted out with Soul.
A group that's definitely within sight.
Sir John Henry is tonight in the Tigers 10,000 or 3,000 South Enders.
Ryan Ford Modern Ames.
All of Mac Gala the Newer's truly rich, Shaw.
Tonight's equation only 75 cents.
It's the many dance tonight in Ford Modern Ames.
Could it be a gas of em is made like Lee Sherwood says, even if you don't know how to dance,
you just want to sit there and watch.
These guys were absolutely out of sight.
A full eight-piece orchestra going to be up there waiting until tonight at the Tigers' Dan.
You know what, up there, time out.
No.
No, thank you.
I'm WQA.
Fortune.
Thank you very much, two-borrowers.
Jackpot at 5.67 right now as a result, of course, of the day in Chandler, win this morning.
Dan Chandler's Fortune, Fortune Jackpot building ever.
Oops, I think I made it wrong down there.
Try it all over again.
We need to do that.
We get to people on the telephone and it's the wrong number.
And their name doesn't jive.
It's the one that I have on my little paper here.
I guess it would be a very bad scene.
Okay, we'll try once again.
It's 6.567.
Very easy number to remember.
5.67.
Jackpot right now.
This is a 6.85 exchange.
No, it's North Miami.
That's right.
See if we can win.
We need to win it on the program, or?
No.
Hello, is this the Schwab residence?
That's right.
Is this Mr. Schwab?
That's right.
Mr. Schwab, this is Rick Shaw calling from WQAM Radio.
How are you tonight, sir?
Good, how are you?
Just fine.
Thank you.
Mr. Schwab, you're on the air right now.
And we're calling you in reference to a little contest we have, which is called Fortune Fold.
If you can tell me how much money we have in the jackpot, it is all yours.
Free of charge with no strings attached.
Would you like to take a guess, sir?
No, no, no.
Big pardon?
No, sir.
How much does it cost you, sir?
Well, you tell me.
If you know how much is in the jackpot, it is all yours.
Free of charge.
All the money.
It's a lot of money.
I'll tell you that.
$30,000?
No, no, no.
It's not quite that much.
Actually, it was $567.
Mr. Schwab, I'm sorry.
Mr. Schwab, you didn't know.
But we might be calling you back again.
So next time we have that radio on.
All right, sir?
Very good.
Have a nice night.
Good night, sir.
Okay, bye-bye.
All right, $568.
Could be yours next hour.
Why?
Why?
The eyes of those summers, boys, they're all there.
Well, I've been a sway for many WQA.
I'm Rick Shaw, most music in a Wednesday night time.
71 degrees.
Colder, low to my 58, generally fair and cool.
Is the weather we're in through Friday.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
We're one of the biggest ever for the seasons four.
Little flashback right there, 1964.
No, 65.
Oh, 1963.
Oh, my God.
Cold Tiger.
Radio.
G.G.
S.S.
Why?
Jefferson's greatest sale of the year.
G.G.
S.S.
Why?
Jefferson's greatest sale of the year starts tomorrow.
Hey there, Ricky Picking here.
What are the lesson words on all you aspiring young and old musicians alike?
Mena music.
That's the place where all of your needs and musical instruments.
You talk about thoughts, all right?
Mena's got it.
Fender Gibson.
Lost right.
Ventures guitars.
Mena's got it.
Ludwig drums.
30% off the top.
Sure microphones.
30% discount.
It's Mena music company, 5721.
Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Mena music company.
You screw on them.
Look for the cap with the wild beard.
That's the main man Julie.
Mena music company.
Hots with all the rest, 5721.
Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Do it, do it.
That's Mena.
No, see the main man Julie.
You know Julie, have there?
He's a wonderful person.
I'll bring you here tonight.
You will.
Holy well.
Lost music.
WQA.
You're talking to Joe, don't be down.
Yeah, they're pretty funny.
I thought you were going to have your five.
Yeah.
They're looking for work.
Hey, you know, you made a promise.
I'll keep my promise.
Promise me you were going to bring me the whole major.
What's promise?
He's going to bring a whole major down there.
For 17 cents tonight.
Yeah, you want to go with him, right?
He's Jay with horses.
He's Jay with horses.
He must stay with the horses.
That's right.
Okay.
Bobby Daryl.
Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
You were a lady.
Woo-hoo.
Woo-hoo.
You were a lady.
Oh, Joe.
I'm going to get up and get that little cloth there.
I don't know what you're going to get married me anyway.
As if I was a carpenter, of course.
It's rated number six of the brand new survey from Bobby Daryl.
He's just got the top 10 and got all the votes counted up.
And here's the way things shape up here.
Matter of fact, that was number seven.
If I were a carpenter, it was a little scratch head off.
We just played it.
Number 10 is day tripper.
Number nine, if I were a puppet, eight, don't bring me down.
Seven, as we said, the carpenter song.
Six woman, five, talk, talk.
Four.
Everyone's gone to the moon, three, who are ready for Hazel, two.
I love how you love me.
And number one is born free.
Pink, thin for a minute.
Now, think thinner.
Buy diet Pepsi in the carton for the real thin price of only 39 cents.
Yes, six 10-ounce bottles of diet Pepsi at a 25% savings.
Now, think downright skinny by two cartons.
My dog has laid in the QAM.
15 to go before the eight o'clock arm.
Most music Miami, WQAM.
It's your show.
I'll step you a part of my baby.
Come on on in.
I'm party here.
Very pertinomyatable.
See you right there.
See you right there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wee!
Oh, we need somebody in here, I think, that.
We're the main thing, long-awed.
That's why.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I believe that.
Here are the chiffons.
Hey, Tyler.
Hey, Tyler.
Hey, Tyler.
Hey, Tyler.
We love you, Tyler.
We love you, Tyler.
We love you, Tyler.
You can always tell an hi-s guy.
Yeah, we really gotta tell you.
You are so right.
That true hi-s look is made for rounds on the dough.
We love you, Tyler.
We love you, Tyler.
We love you, Tyler.
Hey, wherever you're going, goin'
like a sport baby and H.I.S. Sport goes that right?
All right.
Traditional continental modern egg blazer models
with sharp details, new colors,
and a fantastic assortment of fabric.
They're all like S.
Why don't you buy the $35?
And H.I.S. stores everywhere, for example,
would you believe a Jackson Byron store is going in a mood?
I know.
I know.
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know,
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know,
For one minute's away from May the Climb,
though it eats you AM most music time.
Next time, the Fortune 4G Act Cloud worth $568.
Number eucu exile.
Why, why, why, why.
Why, why, why, why, why?
What is father considering everyone else?
Great.
God is over on us.
Let's see the truth, and show.
Let's see the truth.
urers and letters say it above the year, G.D.S.
Why?
Jefferson's grid is very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
also, must not be copied with a more formula with verdant casts
Oh
You're the best chicken that he really is when he
Is and an audience. I just I don't know what it is
I've only played that 8 million times
But every time he says that I just move my balls or something doesn't
Hey, that chicken act man. He be
The bomb diggy. Yeah, but you know budget your money carefully now chicken
My 100 votes even on the pole will get to a thousand by hooker by crook even if we have to make it up
You know that was a nice little tribute there to Ricky taking on you know
I mean enough is enough already
I think seriously it could be the shortest retirement in history if our management anything on the ball
They'd be on the phone with him right now saying hey, how about seven to ten starting Monday? That's funny
What do you mean by that?
Sports show on the ball sports show a music show an oldie show you think he couldn't
Get away. Of course he could a 1.8 in men
Do you have any idea how disgraceful how revolutionary how in a
Negatory way not that I want to knock those guys because I'm sure they're good guys, but oh that show
904 votes on the pool. I'm gonna read them all okay. This ought to kill a couple hours
Which TV man there he goes again. It's all he wants to do is kill hours and kill time and I kill and kill the idiots
That's like that. I just can't stand them and by the way now because I open up a big mouth
Now I've had like 500
YouTube video you know they keep sending it everybody and their brother is saying we got it. Thank you
And it's right there if you want to look at it and listen to the audio right there on our my space page in the comments
And there is a rookie tiki looking
Cheerful and and you know what else what else old oh well who the hell am I the talk now? Let me ask you he 68
This is bad. I shouldn't say this because I just did something really nice for him
You know and heart felt by the way really I admire him. He's a great guy
Although he didn't respond to my and he shouldn't be spawned when he we talked him on the air
Why should he waste his time he's funny? He's got people he's got millions of faithful listeners out there, right? I don't listen to him
I
Mean I've heard him on the air, but you think I would listen to that crap. It's not his fault
It's Bob Hamilton's fault play the music on magic in fact Rick is probably delighted. He don't have to play that school anymore
Because once upon a time he played great music, but that was before Bob Hamilton infected the magic is he still there Bob Hamilton?
I don't know
And and I got another brainstorm too if we can't give Ricky Tiki to come over live
Let's play tapes of the richar show
In the morning, so though likes tape so much that's a great idea
It's a Ricky Tiki. Yes start with that 60 there at the crack a 1 8
I mean even more never came close to a number like that until we put him on from 2 to 4 and he had the famous one point
Oh, wow
That was that was the defining moment. I think that was the beginning of the absolute end
Remember I was screaming about that. How can any day part in the middle of the day when people are awake at a one point on this
Legendary radio station especially following the legendary
Oh, God, right. How's that possible? I don't know
But he did it and then of course they put on oh man, and he also did a one point. Oh, I think they actually had a 0.81 hour in there
Okay, let's not start knocking everybody's numbers. Okay, it's it's a tough business
It's a horsecraft business and we're all doing the best we can
Moth's 11 as they say in Lebanon. Moth's 11 on
What?
That was cute
Considering how old and people and female
Seen out and fever all I still got your moments old man. I got it man every now and then if you it's like the callers
If you take 5,000 one of them
Yeah, those 9 11 on the pool. We got 9 11 votes. Well, I'm not gonna read them all
I just I don't have the I just can't do it. I mean I could do it
But I just it's it's too insulting even to me
When we get to the pool and I got to pull with 700 choices on it and I keep reading the pool
That's when you tell me okay? I'm shutting you off right now and then you go play that awful music you always play right doesn't he play off on music Chris?
No, I like it
See you're probably you're probably a conspirator along with him you're probably encouraging the other than Sean who turns out
His old because he talks about the race track of only gotten ray reviews about the music Sean
You mean the Sean the whole guy. Yeah, I didn't know he's not old. He goes to the track
He talked harness racing in the last facts. You did I think I still got it here somewhere
Well, you never said it to me sure I did that's the one that that pole came from he's talking all about harness drivers or horse for racing
Adding here you do you know what sure I got it here somewhere
Here you're in here. Go to your nuts. I had a last pull right here has non-cuban
I only saw our emitter all of the Americans back to you
Well
We're seeing my harness racing for the two horse race the Derby looks pretty good
I admire the jockey Calvin Burrell's dedication blah blah who knows that stuff today to an old person
Everybody watches the Kentucky Derby
Oh, because you're the hard ass and this week we got the Freakness now if you talk to Dave Johnson my
Nobody will call me and of course he doesn't call him. You know, he always calls
We got the Freakness come up now. What if he's getting screwed on at the other again, too
I can't believe we had a Kentucky Derby without Dave Johnson calling it somewhere
He probably was calling it right there in his living room when you think sitting on the sofa. I'm at it
You know this is gonna be very absurd. It's gonna sound really strange
Because I did you and baseball for those years, you know five on radio one on TV and
I went to a couple of games at Mark light stadium
This is a spectator after we know long we're doing a games and there's a story behind that about how the games
Wondup on GBS and that's because I told Ron Fraser that I was going over to GBS
Because at the time it looked like they were gonna hire me remember when Lee Fowler was a GBS. No, you don't
But anyway, and it didn't work out and I stated WS news
But anyhow, I would go to the game and I'm seeing there in the stands watching and I'm doing the play by play in my head
And I just I couldn't do it anymore. I just couldn't go to the games anymore because I would be doing the play by play in my head
I was making no sounds with my mouth, but I was doing a play by play in my head and
What a shame about those sabers. Oh, that just makes me sick. Oh, it makes me want to vomit
Looks like they had auto was number the other night man looked like they were in the head
It made the shade and then they stuck the Joanna. I wonder who's doing this Edmonton Boston
Bob cool
Bob cool. This celebrate is 185th birthday
But he still got a great voice and they still have him here at canada a good old legendary old man
Cool was a very old soul if he just knew which teams were playing it would help
Okay, here's the deal which TV mom would you have preferred as your own Samantha Stevens from bewitched to 140
I'll just read like maybe 10. How's that? Do I have your permission to do that? Yes, yes
With my heart Simpson from the citizens 107 I beg your pardon
It's not even close anymore be which this pull it away, baby be which they love be which they love Elizabeth
Not coming just like we do because she was great and maybe because they thought she was hot too, but she was she was fine
When you say she was hot she was a
Attracted she was here, but I'm not like in a real
Smoke and hot she's pretty she's pretty lady she a pretty lady knife-light
You stepped on good term. I didn't so he he probably gonna be dead too
And guess who else I had a email from over the weekend the KJ's wife. What's her name again? Jeanie Jeanie. She's a sweet. She nice
Which TV mom let's see a mart Simpson second with 107 so she's 33 behind be which not gonna catch her and then after that
Morticia Adams from the Adams family 63 tag-bondie married with children 57 kitty foreman from that 70 show 38
Oh, that's 70 show that's the one with a little a screamer was on
Right yet the little screaming Mexican. Oh, whatever he is and what and the wind what's his name?
Asha
Ashi kuchi-koo he was only he looked good for about five minutes a long time ago
Uh Joe Taylor home improvement 38 June Cleaver from leave it to be with 35
And Will the Flintstone from the Flintstones 32
What about the mom from Rocky and Bolwinkle? I guess there wasn't no mom
926 by the end of this hour will be over a thousand votes are pretty damn close to it
And then they'll be talking about it at the water cooler man
Then they'll say we did or that Neil Rogers all he does is read stuff on a year. Yeah
Let me say it again. I could read the Chinese phone book okay from a to zed and still make it interesting and I'm using in humor
So I don't want to pat myself on the back and I just didn't hurt like hell, but you know something that's the truth
All these pretenders out there that this market is so full of swill and and you notice how it's getting so much worse
When we have Ethan J. Skolnik on here in the morning show that's how desperate they are, you know
And why did why did they do it? We talking about
You know exactly what I'm talking about you feign ignorance for the sake of the show or something. Yes sports
Sports sports sports sports is good
Sports writers are bad sports good. I'd like Chris good. I don't know who any of them are
I'd like Chris to tell me one sports writer who's a good broadcaster and don't tell me Daniel a bastard. Okay. I hate him
Do you I see oh yeah, I only saw him now? I will admit that I've got the associates out there
I want to mention them by name
I don't want to say away right now, but there are people out there who are like enchanted with his stick and in fact they do some
Attempts at comedy or whatever and they're not just doing strictly sports, which of course is our that's our
downfall here
But I saw him once on ESPN on TV a couple of years ago. I mean he's just a buffoon an idiot
Somebody trying to be funny who wasn't is what he came across now. Maybe you can give me a run down
Well, you need to know I mean what you said he's what did you say he was?
um stupid
yeah
What do you want to say he's uh he actually did when he was doing his ESPN radio and we were ESPN rated the first time
He'd do it here on a Sunday to do his radio show from here. Yeah, and
Didn't really talk I mean now there's only him and I here basically
Never do anything other than say where's the bathroom, you know, I'm okay fine. Whatever, but yeah
I've heard his show two or three times in the beginning and
If I could have poked my eyes out while I was driving I would have done it because you know
And if he has that sidekick who I don't even want to name us to gods. Yeah exactly. Oh
I didn't like him when he was here. Yeah, and he was only a producer now. He's over there. It's even worse
Are you picking on my good close buddy stew gots who know what I mean? You're even to say hello
Goodbye, maybe but definitely not hello. There are a lot of people like that and that's why the businesses in the tank
Fuck it in and hold it
See if I get it erupted us for just one second. This is the definitive Tom Pettin Guild bit
When he goes into this particular voice you know what I'm saying? Yes
Okay, did just for the benefit of the audience or keeping track
I never liked the single song that you had so not that I'm not getting where anything you listen really funny stuff, but
But
You
Little baby
Oh
I have to be everybody's just tell you more painful than a root of now.
This is how you fall.
Everyone loves.
This is how you fall.
The world that shows all around the world.
It's a beautiful world.
Never like the single song that you have sung.
You're even more than brilliant.
Look at this thing that just came over again from another one of our chronic factors.
Like I said, keep those factors coming.
Okay, they should meet the phone calls. Calls suck.
We'll leave the colors, the great colors, like chronic carol and some of those people for the sport shows.
You know, because they got the important stuff to talk about.
Do you see how long this effect, well, I guess you've improved bread.
It says, if I got news for you, I just discovered a donation funded non-commercial freeform radio station
with a website that contains many archive radio shows, radio show compilations of unusual and unpredictable moments
and personalities in radio throughout history and across the country that it calls AirChex.
And one of these is from your show and then it says, all right.
The station is WFMU91.1FM in New York City and 90.1FM in the Hudson Valley.
The website is WFMU.org.
The AirChex page with the clips is WFMU.org slash playlist slash AC.
To find your clip, go to that page, click at it and at the top of the window select find and enter your name in the search box.
It's an hour of mixed material from your WIOD WS2N SimalCast days.
Oh God!
From what I could tell the material is during your first week of the SimalCast, right before the Waco branch Davidian massacre,
pre-naming days of the new Mimehockey team and around Paisach, Passover.
Oi!
If all this were from the same period, that would be about April 93.
I was away college so I missed that dynamic period of your career it says here.
Well, I didn't miss it.
I miss it now though.
Oh man, that's 14 years ago I'd be a year, I'd be 50 years old, I'd be a spring chicken baby.
You know how young 50 is?
Yeah, trust me for you, yeah.
It says I know you're hosting a different more sober type of show now, so it's great to listen to this previous incarnation.
A more sober show?
Yeah, in other words it's great to listen with a show used to be good, you know before joyous, before you couldn't say anything anymore.
Before you get our balls for you.
I think that's what they're trying to say.
Yeah, but I'm making a lot more money now.
It says you sounded so alive and upbeat, laughing, joking with the callers.
That's where you had real callers with real first-notters, you're off to stay both men and women.
I remember those days, before QAM.
The humor seemed to come directly from your conversation with the callers.
You were stirring it up with the callers from Loots including the chronic from Loots.
You said you were kicking ass and Loots and taking calls from Newport Richie.
You were accused of polluting the Tampa Sarasota Airways.
Another caller said this was the best week of radio ever.
You learned that the female chronic from Braden then was born a Japanese Jew from a mixed marriage.
And you made a card of her saying, Neil God, a sexy Japanese voice.
You also played a medley of Neil God recordings which you can now recapture if you no longer have them.
Oh, yeah, we got a lot of that stuff we can't play it anymore.
Because I say GD in there.
There's that bit, the song, which I would like to play.
I used to play it on my anniversary every year, but we can't play it anymore.
We can't do anything anymore, maybe because of freaking joys and because Joe Bells a wooss.
And he sits back and he's terrified of that bit.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, Neil God.
Oh, yeah, God.
Now, see, I know I'm going to say it.
That power, then, El President, I say, yeah.
I'm the most powerful guy.
Oh, yes, I am.
I'm a great, good, Neil God.
That power, then, El President, I say, man.
I'm the most powerful guy.
Whoa.
That's so lovely, Correta.
And that's it.
That's it.
That's it.
Thanks for everything.
You should get that taste to smell out of your sister's.
While he needs to be treated, I'm born a voice in his cut-ear-circuit size.
The procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia.
I have no pre-pew.
I'm died always.
All right.
OK.
Well, that gives you the idea of that.
I'll be careful.
It says, you mentioned George Bonone of the clips had him responding on the air.
You told the Correta you were 5'9", wait, 193 pounds.
Well, that's not too bad.
It's a way about 5 pounds less now.
That's 14 years ago.
That's not so bad.
It's not so good, because I'm looking in the mirror back here, and I look like a big fat slob.
And I am.
You're excited to soon sit in the W-I-O-D's founder seats, and like Mike Keenan.
The hour long clip ended with your Insta-D interview of Al Goldstein.
Oh my God.
Al Goldstein.
What did I say to him?
Who does?
Oh, and did I knock that thing down?
Yeah, I did it again.
I'm a fat Jew.
Well, we know that.
He used to be.
Now he's slid in trimits called the starvation diet.
And who is there with a Hershfeldt's press agent?
I don't remember that.
Since this material is yours, you'd provide access to one of your shows with a page and or your personal Myspace page.
You could even play most of it for reminiscent sakes since there's only one call that mentions the phrase for rectum opening that you can no longer air.
As in S.
It can be a dumpster bleeped.
PS other material on the web page are vintage jingles from other stations.
Stand free bird material on numerous one-hour pieces of Bob Lasseter, including Christmas specials.
Well, thank you so much, my chronic girlfriend.
Next slide.
That's great.
And we could probably, you know, put that together on tape and play it on ear, because Joe likes those tapes.
When somebody sits across from me and they had lunch and looks at me with a straight face,
what was that place where they stuck me for lunch?
And the soup was great.
The steak sucked.
I forgot.
What's that place?
I forgot.
It's in the fountain shops in plantation.
No, it's not the fountain shops.
It's on a borrowed boulevard.
It's just west of the fountain shops.
What the hell is the name of that place?
The soup was delicious and the steak was nasty, man.
It was weak.
Bad meat.
There's nothing worse than bad meat.
Take it from me.
Wasn't a Friday's or something, was it?
No.
It's something a place I never heard of before.
Sorry, I forgot.
It's a chain.
Come on, you can do it.
Houston's Mortons.
No.
It's not a steakhouse.
I'm church.
No.
You have churches chicken.
It was churches.
It was bar jangles, baby.
Chick-fil-a.
At least they didn't know.
Not Chick-fil-a.
Chick-fil-a is good.
You're always telling me.
I've never been there.
I've never seen a Chick-fil-a.
Well, they got these free-standing ones.
They're just sprouting up all over the place.
Maybe you'll get one in your town.
Give one what?
A free-standing Chick-fil-a.
957 on the pool.
And be what seems to have it in the sack.
In the bag.
146 in large Simpson 111.
For those who keep track.
And we do have people out there who keep track.
And you know what kind of people they are?
I have no life.
That's exactly right.
A late, then called Disney Wedding DJs.
Hi, Jim, what are your crickets and take-or-bells?
It's time to get this party started.
So hi, ho, hi, ho, it's off to work.
I go.
Every Disney Wedding DJ gives your special day
that special Disney touch.
Isn't the bride a real beauty?
Well, I guess that makes the groom a real beast.
I'm kidding, of course.
Disney Wedding DJs do more event just play great music.
They're also your master of ceremonies.
And now, appearing for the first time as husband and wife.
Put your hands together for Mickey and Minnie Mouse.
And joking, it's Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon Fankle.
Make your wedding reception unanimated affair to remember.
With Disney Wedding DJs.
I'd like to wish for a happy couple of wonderful wedding night.
And that our lovely bride doesn't discover it's a small world after all.
Good night, everybody.
Isn't that sound a little bit like Ricky Tiki right there?
A little bit. By the way, J. Alexander's.
That's it from Factor.
How do they know that?
I guess they remember that.
They remember that the memory is better than both of ours.
Right. Well, how do I remember a name like that?
But at any rate, it's a nice place.
I mean, it's a beautiful place.
It's in Little Strip Shopping Mall by, I don't know.
West of the Broward Mall just a little bit like Block West.
At any rate, it was super great.
The Stakes.
I mean, maybe it was just a bad piece of meat, you know.
Wouldn't be the first time I've had a bad.
Anyway, 960 or something.
That's not Chris Myers on the look.
And who is that on there?
Oh, God.
If I ever saw Chris Myers on CNN, I have an nervous breakdown.
And the beer.
You know Chris Myers was WKAT when I started there.
He was the underling to Sonny Hirsch.
The support's underling.
And of course, you wouldn't even know who that is, do you?
Sonny Hirsch.
No, Chris Myers.
No.
But you're Chris does.
You don't know who that is?
Chris Myers from ESPN.
Yeah.
He still looks the same.
He's still got that bizarre.
He still talks the same to WKAT.
He reminds me of Clarence.
He's a sports and overgrown sports nerd.
All the way.
He did do a good interview with OJ years ago.
And he ripped him an ass and I liked that.
Nice going Chris.
Not you, I mean Chris Myers.
And you too.
What do you think?
Sure, you're welcome for whatever you do.
We don't know what it is yet, but once we figure it out,
I'm going to start paying you some big bucks.
You believe me?
No.
969.
I say we shoot for 11, baby.
Call me crazy.
Go right ahead.
Raise that deep to Shmendrick.
Every time we're Christ, they think they got him on there.
Because everything is a TV spot.
That's the world in which we live.
All these innocent people are dying and all they are statistics.
You know, 48 more over here and 60 over there and the two more over here.
And we just had another bulletin on there.
NATO worker dies by the Afghan border.
And it's just statistics, that's all.
But the important stuff like dancing with the stars and that's Angaya.
I keep playing those bits now.
I saw him for the first time.
They had some clip on one of the talking head channels.
Oh boy.
You've avoided him up to this point?
Talk about.
Waaaaming!
Yeah.
Is there any?
Will you listen to me?
Sure.
Do they, because I don't watch American Idol Rando shows, dancing with the stars,
do they have any straight people on any of those shows?
I think 12-year-old girls is his fan base from what they do.
Or is it a prerequisite that you have to be?
Yeah.
Well 12-year-old girls don't know from me.
Yeah, that's right.
They're still in love with Nick Carter.
That's right.
And every other queen that came down the road.
Oh, how did you say that?
Or is that Nick Carter bitch?
That's one of my favorite calls.
That's the voice of the man.
Oh, that's not it.
That's Nick Carter deal.
I thought it was a female.
Oh, here she is.
And I did it again.
Well, I haven't, I'm having some real technical issues because I'm too worked up.
Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent than his right code than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head.
You stupid fat faggot.
Who is she calling fat?
You know, she, she was so emotional about that.
She was like overwrought, just foaming at the mouth, or making sounds with her mouth.
974 votes on the poll and we're going to go for 1100 today by 2 o'clock.
And Chris, if he doesn't, we don't get to 11.
It's bye-bye, baby.
Now we can do it.
Confident sign?
Yes.
I like that poll for tomorrow.
In fact, I'm going to gusty that baby up right now.
I would listen to QM more often if.
And we should take that right to, you know, right to management.
And they'll look at it and then they'll wipe your ass with it.
His?
Whose?
Joe, Jolly Joe?
His or his own.
Going to take a lot, going to take a lot more than that one page.
I'll say that.
Maybe a reem.
See, one thing about me calling people fat.
Yeah.
What do you laugh about?
Chris made a funny face.
Oh.
I wasn't even thinking about him.
What I was thinking is that if you're fat and if somebody much better than you are, then you can call him fat.
But if you're a fat or an AR, how can you call him fat?
Now you got to admit, Jolly Joe is a lot better than I am.
Okay, yeah.
And I would say his ass weighs as much as my whole body right now.
Mm-hmm.
And like Chris, now I don't call you a fat slug very often, maybe 20, 30, 40 times a week.
But you're fat or an I am?
Yeah.
Now what do you weigh now?
About eight?
I mean, six, about 250?
Yes.
So you weigh like, let's see, 55, 65, 70 pounds more than I do.
60, 60 pounds.
You're a little guy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You can say that again when we the first time.
Just months after the terrorist attacks of New York City in September of 2001, America's so-called mayor, Rudy Giuliani, took the first official step toward making himself rich, writes the Washington Post.
It was on December 7, 2001, three weeks before leaving Orphus's mayor of New York, that Giuliani sent a letter to the city's
conflicts of interest board asking permission to form a consulting firm.
The broadly defined company, Giuliani Partners, would bring more than $100 million, providing management consulting service to governments and business over the next five years, according to Washington Post's source.
That fame and success turned Giuliani the way Republican frontrunner for the 2008 presidential election, and transformed him from a moderately well-off public servant, in a way globe-prouding consultant whose network was estimated to be in the tens of millions of dollars.
In crafting its image, the firm took care to burnish its most valuable asset, the worldwide reputation Giuliani had earned, from his composure and leadership in the days after the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center.
No client has ever approved a work down without a full discussion with Rudy, said the firm senior managing partner Michael Hess, former corporation counsel for the city of New York.
Clients of Giuliani Partners are required to sign confidentiality agreements so they don't comment about the work they receive and how much they're paying for it.
Though now running for president, Giuliani refuses to identify his clients, disclosing his compensation or reveal any details about Giuliani Partners, he also declined to be interviewed about the firm.
Because of his secrecy, a request to visit his wood-pandled offices overlooking Times Square was turned down.
A complete picture of the firm and its business is difficult to obtain. This report is based on a review of corporate government and court records, along with scores of interviews and clients and government officials who have interacted with Giuliani Partners as the Washington Post.
How do you like that? That's not something.
And you think they're ready because they want to do good, because they're benevolent, wonderful people who are really interested in the brotherhood in all this other crap.
And mom and apple pie, even on mother's day, but she was busy raking in illicit funds from God on those who all of them throw a bunch of crooks, they all are being jailed.
They all are being doing the limbo rocket, Westland and Hialeah.
Do you think?
Absolutely not.
Absolutely.
Excuse me.
What is he coming back?
You know something?
I've been saying that.
Listen, I've been saying that, haven't I?
You've been lying with me.
I haven't been in back on it anymore, and we can go back to fighting and feuding and getting all the other people back.
You've been out in stuff that was all contrived to me.
I know that made it funny with me.
Believe me when I tell you.
None of it had to be contrived or made up or fabricated or exaggerated or any of these things.
Because believe you me, but I still say.
And I'm not talking about him and that one, because that one's leaving.
That's why he's not allowed to this week, because Hank is going to be going to Baltimore for the Freakness.
And the so-called he'll be on Wednesday and Thursday and Friday, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, like Apollonia said.
And look what happened to her.
We need 122 votes to get to 1100 and we've got 100 minutes to do it, man.
Chris is confident he is right now.
In fact, he's probably going to eat a couple extra lunches just because of the euphoria.
See him, the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation.
Beachboy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest compositions.
Thanks for granting us this interview, Brian.
Brian, do you have any idea how retarded you sound?
Let's do this.
Show you what I mean.
Here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beachboy recording session.
Hey, man. Did you like it?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Listen.
Do you like it?
Oh, that's very nice, Brian.
Do you like it?
Well, it's a little hard to dance, too.
Do you like it?
Yeah, very nice, Brian.
The Brian Wilson collection of burned out compositions.
Do you like it?
Oh, yeah.
Mastered copy of the album now on eBay.
Do you like it?
Well, I've got to be going it.
Do you like it?
Here's our response.
That's the sound flow of response, dear, Brian.
Oh, man, that puts the Bronx cheer into a,
makes it pale in the wind significance, you know what?
It hits the floor to cheer.
In fact, that's just four hours of that.
Come on.
10 to 2, four hours of that.
That's our comment to Joyce and to Bruce Beasley and to, uh,
certainly to Fat Jolly Joe.
994 on the poll.
And I think Chris can relax.
I think we've got 1100 licked.
And you know me, I'm pretty, I'm pretty good expertise when it comes to the licking part.
So I've heard.
Now did we leave anything off this poll for tomorrow?
I'm not going to ask the audience because then I would have to take calls.
There's no chance I'm going to do that.
And you notice by the way, the difficulty I've had, the, uh, go,
well, when did I stop?
When did I shut it off around 11 on Friday?
They're about.
Yeah.
So you want to think about me, the reason that they pay me the big bucks is because I can go,
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap forever.
I'm full of it, man.
When you're full of it, you never run out.
And I'll say it again.
I could say here I could, I could read the newspaper and some days I do.
I could read the newspaper for four hours every day and be more entertaining and more, uh,
listenable and more, uh, I'm using, I'm using, then some of these other pretenders out there with a big mouth.
Is there any doubt about it?
No, no.
So here's that poll for tomorrow.
I would listen to WQM more often if, I like this.
I really do.
Don't you think this is good?
It's very time-y.
It's really good.
It's so time-y.
Yeah.
When Jolly Jo and the Clarence and Joyce are on the verge of turning us into Hungarian mzurka radio.
Don't be a jerk, play a mzurka.
I'd listen to QM more often if there was more dolphin talk.
Oh, yeah.
If there was more hockey talk, oh, that would do it.
That would seal our fade.
If there was more gelties speaking of squeal or seal.
If there was more non-sports programming, now that sounds like a revolutionary communist approach.
No, non-sports program.
You mean like,
Damn, God.
Who would want to listen to this?
How about if I was on from like six in the morning till midnight?
How would that be?
If they played more tapes, if George had his own show, what do you think of that, George?
Have it his own show.
I think it's...
A kin with some of those other suggestions in there.
If Joyce died, hey Joyce.
I'm dying over here.
If George came back, if the ticket went off the air, and I would listen all day and night, all the day and all the night.
I would listen 24-7 even in my sleep.
Well, we sure love those people, man.
And we need a lot more of them. That's what we need.
We need a lot more loyal QM listeners, although don't say it too loud because it's a secret.
It's a big secret.
Don't be telling anybody about this station or about any of the people on the air or stuff like that.
Because it's a big, fat, effin' secret.
That's right.
Race yourself says the scum sent an old, broiled county's population expected to grow by almost 400,000 in the next 13 years.
Another half a million people where we're going to squeeze them.
I guess they can all eat at that place.
That place you just told me, Alexander?
Some jail of Zanders, yeah.
jail of Zanders.
You ever eat there?
No.
Don't. Never heard of that.
No, it might be good.
I might have ordered the wrong thing.
I don't know. Maybe I'll go back sometime.
I'm not saying it was really bad.
I guess that's one of their specialities.
You know that they're famous for?
Is there really nifty soups?
In fact, Norma can't have a bowl of soup, but they brought it in a pale.
He just stuck his head in there.
And I kept thinking, well, what an improvement.
Although the newcomers will generate thousands of jobs, the price of their presence will be steeped as the scum sent here.
Or by Buddy Nebans and Robin Benedict.
I thought Buddy Nebans was gone.
I thought they dumped his ugly nasty ass.
He looks like he just crawled out of a dumpster.
Take the water supply, for example.
He writes, and the she or he or it.
Soundflow has been under restriction since March.
And to ensure there will be enough for hundreds of thousands of residents.
Water will have to be desalinated, recycled, or pumped from deeper holes.
Now let me ask you something.
Is there, I don't know nothing about desalination of water.
Okay. What do you want to know?
Is it a complicated, expensive process?
It's expensive, and it's energy-consuming is what it is.
Not so much complicated as it takes a lot of power electricity.
Because you think with a big bunch of water called the Atlantic Ocean sitting out there.
You have to boil the water to desalinationize it.
You have to distill it boiling.
Yeah.
As far as I know, there might be a new or better process, but last time I learned about it,
it was the idea of boiling it.
So in other words, if you're ever stuck out of rubber raft out there,
take along some sterno and boil the water from the ocean to the yesterday alive.
Now what happens if you drink the salt water?
Well, first of all, it doesn't do you any good because salt is one of the things that...
That water is trying to get out of your system, trying to flush the salt out of your system.
So you're not quenching your thirst at all, and ultimately you'll go crazy.
It dries out your inner zenith into the hip to scrape your whole body.
It goes to your brain.
The salt goes to your brain and you go insane before you die.
It's the only thing that's allowed.
The salt goes to your brain and you go insane.
That's right.
Oh my god.
Now that explains what the beesleaves have been doing.
They were drinking something.
Anyway, it says water will have to be desalinated, recycled or pumped from deeper holes.
Troids that are expensive.
New power plants and power lines will also be needed.
And history shall there be resistance against them.
New technologies must be developed to dispose of the increased amount of waste.
And money will have to be found to build new schools and accounting that's running out of land.
And where students are ready are running in portable classrooms.
While why are all these people...
You know why they're flocking the broward because nobody wants to move to date?
And because a lot of people are moving out of date.
And a lot of unsuspecting people are coming in from other parts of the country.
Because they don't realize what an outdoor septic tank sufferer really is.
What a toilet, what a sewer, what a nightmare, what a backwater crap hole it is.
They don't know.
And boy, I'll tell you.
A lot of people before they even finish unpacking.
Like, oh, let me out of here.
I thought this was paradise.
The only way it's going to be paradise on QM is if we bring low back.
No bandy with Carl Allen.
The numbers of cars and trucks on the road is projected to increase 50% by 2030.
I'll be dead by them.
Thank God.
23 years away.
Maybe not.
Let's see.
I'd be how old 87?
I think I might still be around.
My goal is 90.
More days.
You know what I'm saying?
When you get to me to say, you know what your goal is?
90 more minutes.
In fact, I'm thinking maybe 90 more seconds would be good.
You know, because...
I'm dying out of here.
Well, my good buddy Zisco wrote me last night.
He's trying very hard to lecture me about...
Not lecture, but yeah, lecture.
About the ice cream thing and about keeping me alive, because they want me for 50 years, like Ricky Tiki and stuff like that.
Well, I'm going to be on the air for 50 years.
I only got three to go.
So that means I'd have to do like a little...
A little extension there.
Because we only got a little over a year and a half to go.
We got two of these summer scams.
I mean, schedules coming.
You were honest today is May 14.
Wow.
There he goes again.
Yeah.
All he's thinking about is when is the vacation start?
When is he going off?
When did he have the short shows?
When did the marrons come on?
And like these people wouldn't be thinking the same thing.
That's what frost my fat will pimple you.
Like if they were in my shoes, by the way, we got a thousand three votes.
Nice going, Chris.
You're going to make 1100 I can feel it for you, man.
I can smell it.
Thank you.
Must have been a heavy duty lunch.
So all these people, the higher-roll local taxes, higher fees, all this other stuff,
the rowered plan is predict much future growth will come from younger families living in the reason I really like adequate schools.
Where their kids are going to go to school.
Home school, you know?
Sure.
Home school and teaching them all that difficult hate.
Teaching them all that good religious hate.
We hate the Jews.
We hate the blacks.
We hate the fags.
We hate the this one.
We hate the Catholics.
We hate everybody.
We hate the ragheads.
That's what the world is about.
Like I've told you before, it's a contest of who's got the best headgear baby.
Who's got the best headgear?
And I know something about headgear.
In fact, I bet you're Richard Gear, know something about headgear, you think?
I'm sure.
Thousand four votes on the poor were going for 1100 today on a Monday in the middle of May, wow.
It is just amazing to me, just astonishing.
And you can smell it.
Can't you?
It smells something.
It's in the year.
There's something in the Thunderflip Newman are singing now.
That South Florida is just, yeah, it's just that time of the year.
In fact, I can remember a couple of times at Pompe no Park where they tried to extend into May the closing of the dining room thing.
And on the weekend, of course, this is long before they had the slots.
It's not going to see that next time I come down there.
But wait before they have that.
So once everything's in the out, you go find the dining room even on a Friday or Saturday night.
And fat Richard, I would begin like a command performance.
There'd be almost nobody in there.
And certainly nobody on the age of 400.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because all the living and breathing people.
Once it ends Easter and pays off and I've folded this over and over.
It's coming out of your ears.
It's coming out of your feet or a fist in your body.
Once that passes, man, once it passes over, that's it.
They bail out.
You blame them?
No.
Now if you could like, how about if they install a studio for you in North Carolina?
Oh, that's right.
You've got your family left behind.
Oh, excuse me.
Studio North Carolina sounds great.
Why not then, Hoover?
Chris could be there in Miami.
You could be in North Carolina.
I could be sitting on my fat ass here in Toronto looking out at the sun.
Right on.
Sounds like a plan.
It's especially a better plan when I say I can't turn it down like I have to go.
Right.
And you said a little something in the mail every now and then.
That's right.
That's all I got to do.
And I'm thinking up there in the woods, man.
You can like dig in the woods.
I can take my girlfriend with me.
You can grow your own cramp up there.
Thousands of six boats.
I mean, who the hell would see?
Am I right about that?
That's what, oh yeah.
Is that how you get up there in a pretty remote, deep in the woods?
Oh, yes.
Probably your neighbors are like them guys from entry.
You know it.
They're all Cuban though, but they're all Cuban and drive, you know,
Camry's and whatnot, but they're barely over there.
Remains.
And that's your line.
Neighbors in quotes, by the way.
Yeah, I told you that.
In other words, in other words, in other words, in the wild.
They're far away, yeah, exactly.
Good.
Good, deep.
Good, so you could be growing like you can have fields in here.
That's right.
All the green, green grass in the woods.
That's right.
I see.
Who's saying that, Tom Jones?
Oh, what?
That's a horrible song.
Yeah, that's depressing.
Isn't that Tom Jones?
The green, green grass.
You're giving me a whole bunch of versions of it.
Do you really?
Well, don't play any of them, please.
We don't want to depress the audience here on a Monday.
You're right, boy.
When you're right, you're right.
Who, Tom Jones?
Yes.
Well, play a little bit of it.
You got it?
Yeah, it's just taking the time.
Just a tan.
Come on, Tom.
Why am I frozen up here?
Hey, Tom.
Go up and up.
Here we go.
Open wide, Tom.
And black dome wouldn't be the first time.
Oh, it's really depressing.
Warbit.
Coma can do it.
Come on, Tom.
You can do it.
The old home town looks the same.
Oh, that's almost as depressing as Bobby Goals were.
Okay, that's Tom Jones, you know, in one of his more dear moments.
This is on it.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones at two hour.
Everybody.
You're fairy.
We've got about us.
And they have all of us live without us.
Back streets, back home.
Oh, hey.
I'm not.
Oh, my God, we're back on tour.
But why we did it when I'm sure.
I'm living nearly we can't sing.
Got your question that I need answering.
Yeah.
How we all watched up?
Yeah.
Couldn't we still make a few bucks?
No, no.
Can we still get girls?
No way.
We don't get a money.
We're begging for your money now.
Everybody.
Yeah.
We're out of money.
Yeah.
And you know that this tour is out last.
Back streets, back home.
Oh, no.
It's right.
102-560 WDQ.
I'm happy Monday to you.
We got the mad dog.
Come up at two o'clock.
That big power hour with Hank at the mad dog at four.
And then the Humper all by himself.
5-630.
Which isn't up for two people.
Now that's really depressing.
It was a great fact that I had a fact that I kept it.
You're on the bottom of my somewhere.
And my piles.
Mm-hmm.
But you know about those good old days.
It's over here.
Here it is.
But the business about how I sounded so happy and laughing and joking and upbeat.
Right.
And as opposed to what?
Do I still be impressed now?
The merrose, the just you know going through the motions and just unhappy feet here.
And just waiting for two o'clock in that paycheck every two weeks.
Right.
Oh, I see.
In other words, I was young and I eat back then and I was like, yeah.
Well, once upon a time you used to have fun doing the show.
Now are you actually saying you don't think I have fun doing the show?
Not as much as you used to know.
As I used to when.
Before.
Before joyce before these people.
Oh, BJ before.
Yeah, BJ.
BJ that anymore.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Sorry, Joyce.
BJ.
BJ Thomas.
Before Joyce, before Josh Darrow.
And certainly before Charlie Joe.
JJ.
A lot of J's going around, baby.
Like the old J's in love train.
Let's play that four hours every day with Rick.
Oh, right.
With the intro.
Oh, my god.
Well, Ricky took his time with business.
I sure want me to save up a lot of money.
You have it only he did.
Spacions that were literally.
No, we don't need to hear the whole thing yet.
Come on.
If you're on our mind space, then we have 1,376 friends on there, by the way, including a guy.
I just added on there.
A little Joe, I think, was his name.
He's like 37 or something like that.
He says, Miami is for me.
And I look.
I look.
When I go to add these people on there, I look to see if there are pictures like a real person.
If you don't have any pictures, if you don't even have a profile picture, the chances I'm going to add you on there on a scale of zero are minus infinity.
It just ain't going to happen, you know.
With all the respect, and I'm sure I've turned away some well-meaning real people living and breathing, but it's too bad.
At least do a little bit of work and create a page or something.
Did I tell you that I got an e-mail from the Serbian Stagion?
You did.
I did tell you that.
Did I?
Well, it's still fresh in my mind.
I see.
I did, yeah, I did.
Those are just sounds I make every now and then.
I understand.
I have a, uh, a quadril thing.
A twitch.
Like that.
Billions and oil missing in a Rack U.S. study shows between 100 and 300,000 barrels a day of a Rack's Declarile production over the past four years is unaccounted for.
And could have been siphoned off through corruption or smuggling, court-a-aid draft, American government report.
And by the way, thank you again, Mr.
One of our e-mailers on there in my space sent me an e-mail with the showing the pictures.
443 for high-test.
I don't know where the hell that picture came from, maybe in the West Coast.
443 a gallon.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices and all those dead people.
Using an average of 50 bucks a barrel, the report said that the script was about $5 to $15 million daily.
Daily.
The report doesn't give a final conclusion on what happened to the missing fraction of the roughly two million barrels pumped by a Rack each day.
But the findings are sure to reinforce long-standing suspicions that smugglers and corrupt officials control significant parts of the country's oil industry.
We didn't go in there and hook up the...
SHOO!
The way we should have, we didn't do anything the way we should have, like, stayed the hell out of there.
That's what we should have done.
The report also covered alternative explanations for the billions of dollars worth of discrepancies, including the possibility that a Rack has been consistently overstating its oil production.
A Rack in the State Department, which reinforce the numbers, have been under relentless pressure to show tangible progress in a Rack by raising production levels,
which have languished well below the U.S. goal of three million barrels a day.
Virtually, the entire economy of a Rack is dependent on oil revenues.
I mean, what's $5 to $15 million a day among friends?
Yeah, a chunk change.
The draft report expected to be released within the next week was prepared by the U.S. government accountability office, the GAO, with the help of government energy aim lists,
and was provided with the New York Times.
I'm in the mood for basking Robins today.
With all the respect to my friends, this go.
Well, he said, you know, as long as you keep your sugar, you know, your diabetes under control. I'm doing okay.
All right.
All right, what? I can go to basking Robins?
Yes.
Do I have a free pad?
I do. Well, no, not a free pad. It's costly, but, you know, you can go.
I'm talking about just today. I can go.
All right.
And have the costumes.
Three scoops of Rocky Road with Hot Fudge and with cream and a cherry.
And at least you walk in.
I will say that, you know, while you're up there, at least you walk in.
I'm walking more in one day here than I would in the year down there.
Then that's the truth. That's the God.
Beal good!
On his truth.
What's not to like?
You think that's what's keeping me alive?
I know damn well it is.
And I'm doing damn well.
If I was down there, I'd be dead already.
And there are some people saying, oh, please come back in that case.
Bastards.
Misurable, nasty.
In fact, you know something?
I haven't said this in a long time, but I'm going to say for all those people
who wish me something evil.
That's for you.
I try not to say that.
Anyway, Paul Anderson, spokesman for the GAO, said that we won't discuss draft reports,
but a state of government official works on energy issues, said that there were several possible
blessful issues with discrepancy, including the loss of oil through sabotage of pipelines,
and inaccuracies reporting a production in southern Iraq where engineers may not properly account for water
that is pumped along with oil in the fields there.
We're probably getting some water we could use it.
It could also be thefty official, said, with suspicion falling primarily on shed militias in the south.
Crude oil is not as lucrative in the region as we find products, but we're not ruling them out either.
He said, out.
They actually do say out here.
Oh, it just drives me up the wall.
I know that I want to get out of here when I hear that, but it's just all those stereotypes are accurate, eh?
They say those things.
They do.
How's it going, eh?
I know that's funny.
I put that on a face-goth computer.
Oh, it's the Boons in the Orlers, baby.
It's about 100 years ago.
It's 600-year-old Bob Cole.
Man, he was old then.
Imagine how old he is now.
He's still a pump it it away, baby.
He still sounds great.
And has no idea who's playing the work the town is in.
2022 votes as Chris continues hanging tenaciously out of that job.
Hey, listen, when you've got a job like that, pays the big bucks.
I think you just had that job because you enjoy being with us.
Oh, of course.
And you need something to buy a food to keep you going.
Now, how's that girlfriend going at Georgia that's talking about last week?
The who?
The girlfriend that you wish you had.
I guess I wish it was pretty good then.
Why does George do that?
Why do you make him?
He has a girlfriend and she's very nice.
You do?
Huh?
Yes.
Well, what?
You know, some people are sensitive about their personal affairs.
I mean, relationships.
Okay, I'll sit back and let you go on, George.
I'm done.
Yeah, you're done, all right.
I think after the show, you may be done.
And if it's not from him, I might be by holy.
Moses.
A thousand twenty two votes on that poll, maybe one, one, oh two five now.
What's wrong with you?
Nothing.
Yeah.
Chris is making a funny face.
Yeah, buddy.
So, actually, what else is new?
In other words, you've got to grow from it.
You don't want to talk about her on the air.
I'm not going to get personal.
I think you're entitled to keep it quiet, you know?
Is that what you're saying?
You're really quiet, apparently.
No, is that what you're saying?
You have a girlfriend, but you just don't want to talk about it.
Yes, correct.
So, what's wrong with that?
Why can you just say that?
He's shy.
Does she listen?
Occasionally.
How old is she?
Around my age.
So, in other words, she might actually be listening.
I mean, if she was like an, you know, like 18 or 19,
she wouldn't be listening to this show.
Well, when you laugh in a while,
well, if you were wrong,
if she was 18 or 19,
you wouldn't have thought of that.
Thought of what?
Chris was an 18 or 19-year-old girlfriend.
Yeah, he's in his 30s for Christ's sake.
He's 30.
How old are you?
31.
31.
And he couldn't have an 19-year-old girlfriend?
I guess theoretically.
You know, you're really crackedly up because, anyway,
if anybody I know would like to have an 19-year-old girlfriend,
it's you, okay?
You're absolutely me.
No.
Get out of here.
Are you out of your mind or what?
Get out of here.
My daughter's 18 for Christ's sake.
Things change, you know?
So, what does that have to do with that?
Things change.
You got some friends, things change.
Oh, Louise.
I was sure if she's got some friends.
You have no idea.
Holy Moses.
No.
Well, there's a possibility for you.
No.
Especially not now.
Oh, I see.
Oh, God, we may not be two or two o'clock.
This may be it.
This may be my rich, y'all moment.
I come to support.
Cheers, I'm rolling up in my eyes.
We are supporting.
Oh, what do you want?
560.
We can.
Queen.
God.
See, that's the kind of thing we need a lot more of, man.
All these jocks, all these things.
And I can actually speak like he lays.
And you're like that.
Went to a next-eyed party.
Boy.
Over in a wreck.
A guest of honor was Adam Hussein.
He won't be coming back.
I'm dying out of the air.
And I got to the next-eyed party.
Lots of men were there.
They all came to see Saddam.
Swinging in the air.
Oh, Ryan.
She is now.
I heard those Muslims yell.
Right before the strungum of.
They said, you can go to hell.
Saddam Hussein was evil.
I'm murder or no less.
But since our country's gotten involved.
The wreck is just a mess.
There's no time at warheads.
The WMD.
They put Saddam on trial for crimes.
Against humanity.
And it's she-eyed now.
Guess it's just as well.
Because weather, we decide to stay or go.
A wreck's a living hell.
Absolutely.
Sake of fight is Saddam.
Five fights Saddam.
Five fights Saddam.
Nothing at all.
The crowd was over.
They sent us him to death.
And thanks to someone cell phone.
It's on the internet.
They put a news around his neck.
Opened up a trap door.
Now the butcher is back dead.
Aint hanging round no more.
And it's she-eyed now.
I have no life.
I heard those Muslims yell.
Right before the strungum of.
They said, you can go to hell.
Sake of fight is Saddam.
Five fights Saddam.
Five fights Saddam.
An amazing thing happened there during that last break.
You wouldn't believe it in this.
You know what it was?
Well, if you-I won't believe it.
I'm not going to guess easy.
I was printing out a story here to my right on a one machine.
And the other machine, you were faxing me a story.
And I hit a line on both of them.
And the next one says,
Miramar DJ says comedian Morgan groped me and wants to impregnate me.
How do you like that?
So I was printing out the story as you were sending it to me
because some of the facts didn't.
How do you like that?
You like it?
I do like it.
One-o-three-five.
We need 65 more votes in 42 minutes.
I think Chris is safer.
You better hop on it, man.
Don't take it for granted,
because you know the audience.
They can turn on you like a quarter to rat.
You like a douchebox.
One-o-three-nine.
We need 61 votes.
Come on.
Lean on it.
There's 80 million choices on there.
Just make one up.
Your favorite TV mom.
Ram.
But this time you filed a misdemeanor battery complaint against comedian Tracy Morgan,
saying the NBC sitcom star inappropriately groped her to South Florida radio station Friday morning.
You leaked the castro of megamedical 49, which used to be-
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
You're going to get it.
You're going to get it.
You leak it.
You clean it up.
You, Lika.
I lick it.
It's a funny name.
I'm sorry.
It's not a funny name.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
We're going right now.
We got Shamika and Shama Shmaka and the tagline.
I mean, how about Macy Pupik?
Isn't that funny name?
Not as funny as you think it.
Hi, Bob.
I'm Lika.
He's one of my favorites.
Hi, I heard that happens when you get older.
Don't get the castro of megamedical 49, and 94, whatever it is, used to be Zeta.
Told police that Morgan smelled of alcohol as he touched her shoulders and arms, kissed the back of her head.
Miramar police department spokesman Bill Robertson said.
The castro said she pushed him away and he was escorted out of the studio by the people he came with.
The castro who's on their name is Sandy Domingo, not you, Lika.
Why is so I don't understand what you're shmurking about?
I'm just saying that.
Lika is older guys have that problem later on.
Yeah, I know.
Lika, we are clean up.
The castro who's real on here, whose name on here is Sandy Domingo, since she finally complained because she felt violated and dirty.
They so dirty.
He said he wants to impregnate me, Domingo, told the AP.
How do you do that?
Well, I guess he knows how you do that.
Maybe that's what we all do.
No.
Yeah, you do.
No, I don't.
Morgan's attorney in Miami, Mark Shapiro, who sounds Jewish again.
Well, if somebody Jewish attorney, he told the authorities that his client was not yet prepared to speak to the Marbredson said.
A telephone message left by the AP at Shapiro's office after hours Friday was not immediately returned.
Shapiro also didn't immediately respond to the email requesting comment.
He's mum.
Morgan's Friday and Saturday night shows that the impregnate club in Cokitogrovo canceled said ISIS Darius,
who works in the Boxer office.
See all these names, man?
Club officials wouldn't say why.
What's the police report that's completely brought state attorney's office while the term whether the file charges Robertson said?
Morgan who's got a history of alcohol abuse, pleaded guilty in February to a misdemeanored drunken driving charge in New York.
He previously pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor impaired driving charge in LA.
It was sentenced to 36 months probation.
Fine, $5,390 bucks in order to attend alcohol education program.
The former setter in LA of cast members stars on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock.
About 30, man?
With Tina Fey, Eric Baldwin and Jane Krakowski.
Telephone messages left Friday from Morgan's agents managers now return.
Radio stations offices were closed after hours as they slum sent.
You know, that's been some nice Irish girl there wouldn't have been a problem.
What do you mean by that?
Irish girl that sluts.
What kind of a comment was that, mister?
You better watch yourself, man. You're not reading the news.
The first Joyce Kaufman and George Rodriguez.
Yeah, and all the Irish girls I know are sluts.
Drunks?
That's it.
Isn't that the guy?
They don't see drunk an Irishman?
Yeah, and they smoke a lot of weed too while we're at it.
Well good. And it sounds like a party to me.
Sure is.
Sounds like the start of a great, a fantastic party.
1042, that's not the time.
I'll thank God it's not the time. Can you even imagine?
What is your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
Your president?
This can be serious isn't it?
You're not going to read the government's daily news paper?
I can, I'm even reading that right.
I'm going to read, I'm reading this.
Why?
Mom is going on
not going to be working
ten forty seven and the way of coming out which TV mom would you have preferred as your mom now that we had
mothers day yesterday and did you do something for mom yesterday i called my sister my wife sent my mother a card on
our behalf wasn't that nice sure whatever yes and she did it because she knew that i would not
ha ha ha ha ha good for you George nice going good thinking mm-hmm me don't be a hypocrite you know don't hate your mom like
i call my sister who for all intents and purposes raised me and and expressed my feelings to her
well wasn't that so i was sure what were what were your feelings did you say like all of these things yes my good
and my name is James which TV mom anyway a Samantha said i'm just reading these two because the rest of
more like all small potatoes they're all pretenders Samantha Stevens from the witch to 157 and
marge Simpson from the simpsons one fourteen everybody else strictly in double digits and you see who's last
on their family matters and Harriet wins the family matters what kind of a show is that besides bad bad father knows best
Margaret Anderson won Robert young now we got to do this again on father's day what TV dad would you like to be
a your dad why not it'll kill a poll on it ensure we're a little butcher maybe how about Robert young he was
to he was to boring how about William Bendix bill Bendix from life of Riley because then junior would have
been my brother uh uh west Morgan whatever happened to Wesley Morgan I bet he's old and ugly now if he's still alive
man oh man what I remember see that was one thing when you're young and you may think it's not so great about being
old which it's not when you were young back in the day and here was this novelty called television and you
look and they were like real people live people like moving around on there you know some of some of
really look good too you know like Luke on what you call it Sandy on flipper Luke Helping right what about
him he looked pretty good to me back then of course I was just a punk you know I was like 1314 and he
was like I don't know what he was he was old enough he was old enough for me Luke Helping Sandy hey
Sandy put some clothes on right okay and then he had that ugly brother put a bud remember my careful sure I
do and red head it stepped uh kid Ranger Ricks wasn't that daddy's name rain that's right picked up sticks
and looked at chicks well anyway looked at him because mommy I mommy was dead isn't that the deal with
they divorced we never found out I don't know mommy was dead I think was she yeah they didn't do
clothes in 34 minutes or Chris don't come back tomorrow I'm Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M
']
Chadore
it look like the drunkts guy smells from the body robot
Barbara bush has found him and I still have a 
it happens when she relies
She raised for criminals, wow!
Father pushed that money down the knife!
Absolutely!
And she said, me, hold and craft me!
And she raised for police, if that means!
She could trust him, and take some bricks to a wall!
Father said, say, what's the voice?
What's like she's carrying an apple in the hole between her thighs and eyes?
The money fell midnight!
She's having me to fall asleep!
And then she's always surprised!
She's with her when she talks!
Father pushed that money down the knife!
Three days was your choice, and she had pushed that money to me!
Father pushed, he'll be rich and fat!
And she'll just like the magic sauce!
Not a big hat!
Father pushed that money down the knife!
And then she'll be rich and fat!
132.28 till 2.5, 60 WQM!
Keep it secret!
Don't tell anybody about us that we're on here!
Keep it a big secret!
Just among us the schools, okay?
Got it.
156 votes we need, 44 and 28 minutes.
I don't think you're in for sure yet.
You know, I'm starting to get a little obvious.
I don't think you're in for sure.
That's what Yolika said.
Why do you keep smoking every time I say that?
Funny name!
Come on, Yolika!
Ask anybody!
I'll ask somebody's other one, Chris.
Shemika and Shania.
Yolika actually says something.
It isn't just a nonsense.
Yolika?
Yeah.
Is there like a question mark after it?
There ought to be.
106-1, we are 39 and 27 minutes.
Christa feels we can do that.
That's what I'm thinking.
And you know what if we don't too stinking bad?
He's safe.
You know, who else are they going to get to sit in there
and put up with my crap?
And your crap as well, making fun of his wife.
Right, friend, for no money.
Well, why?
I wasn't making fun of his girlfriend.
His girlfriend.
No, I understand that.
You know his girlfriend?
I have not.
And she's very nice.
So, I guess he doesn't want to like...
He doesn't want to...
How did he come part of the show?
He doesn't want her to be material.
He wants to be the material girl?
Immaterial.
No.
She's the immaterial girl.
Why?
Well, you could just say that.
I'm easy.
I'm not here to embarrass you to humiliate you.
I am.
I have read.
George is because he's a bastard.
That's right.
And because of the fact that he's been so humiliated and degraded.
He was sure that he...
He loves company.
It's a sufferer.
Right.
And Flak, I wasn't going to say it today,
but George has a message for Christ.
I thought that was every day.
Well, I mean, more so than any other day.
Let me say it again.
Just you know, miss it.
Okay, now let's lean on this.
Proof folks, I'm getting a little bit nervous for Christ here.
10.61, that's still sitting there.
We need 39 votes in 25, 26 minutes.
Shouldn't be like a major...
I figured that out of head time.
I did the math in my head.
I did all my head, which a lot of my life has been in my head.
And boy, I wish more of it would have been my bed.
But that's the way it goes.
That's what Yelika said.
Suggestive divorce billboards stung by Chicago permit process,
add poll for not going through proper channels,
something in Chicago.
In a section of the Rush Street Nightclub district,
sometimes called the Viagra Triangle,
a huge billboard rode up recently
with photographs of a sexy, scholarly clad woman on one side
and a buffed bear-tested man on the other.
The text between the photos proclaimed,
life's short, get a divorce.
George.
Yeah, I know that's good idea.
Life's short, get a divorce.
That was the message on the billboard.
Uh-huh.
Did we get another little chunk here on the poll?
Oh, oh, oh, six, two, we got one.
I think you're in trouble, to be honest with you Chris.
I think you're in big, fat trouble.
Yeah.
The add sponsored by Chicago divorce lawyer,
Cory Fettman, was meant to remind unhappy,
restless or bored spouses,
that they have other options, some quite attractive.
The message is, if you're unhappy,
do something about it, Fettman said.
It's really no different than a motivational book that says,
live the best life you can, be happy.
That's always my advice.
Talk my buddies, to everybody I know.
What's that?
Joy life.
Really?
What?
Goes back to that billboard.
Enjoy life.
Get a divorce.
Huh.
1063, there's another one, man.
The rate they're coming in now,
would be lucky to get to a 1080.
They're letting you down, Chris.
They want your ass out.
That's because you're reluctant.
You don't want to tell them all kinds of spicy stories about your girlfriend and stuff like that.
We're not making her material on the show, okay?
Trust me what I tell you.
We are not delving into that aspect of your life.
In fact, more power to you.
Amen.
If you've got a nice real friend to anybody,
it's got a nice real friend to boyfriend, both.
Right.
More power to you.
Live life the best you can, be happy.
I just got through reading that.
The billboard had been seriously up a week before
was ordered to remove last week by Chicago Algarman,
Burton and Natarist.
He said it was not the content of the ad.
Natarist is known for his affection for the Outlandish.
But because the ad company heard by Fettman and violated
Chicago Cardinal Rule,
it hadn't gone through the proper channels
that City Hall had to get a permit.
Well, so what's the big deal about that?
Fettman isn't about to back down.
We're not going to stop.
She said in fact, we're getting ready to do more racy photos.
She hoped the billboard would generate little buzz.
Since then, the phones are going to offer me a scarcely stop ringing.
It lasts more than a thousand people had called us
in the email message about the ad.
Some people congratulate Fettman for telling it like it is
some accused are doing the work of the devil.
It's zero or ten Fettman,
so there's no gay or gray area.
They they're like it or they hate it.
They they're like they show.
They see like they show they they're love it or they hate it.
But if they hate it, they listen that much more.
Right.
There are a lot of people out there listening to us right now
and they hate me.
They hate you. They even hate Chris.
You know what I say to them?
Yeah, that's right.
Mama.
Chicago has always been a brassy brawl in town
that releases a dust up.
That's exactly what the ad is for.
It says in bar shops and or offices,
people have been debating whether it's okay to get divorced
just because you feel like it.
Just because you feel like it.
You wake up in the morning and say,
hey, I feel like a divorce today, you know.
1065, we need 35 votes.
Oh, really what that happens to.
Yeah, when you wake up in the morning on a sour, on a sour note.
The billboard made some divorce lawyers win
according to Kimberly Anderson,
the top official with the Chicago Bar Association.
Some of my colleagues thought it was sleazy, she said.
We've got a bad enough reputation as is, you know,
without downgrading even more.
It is not going to notice that Fettman 43 is a striking blonde
who would play the part of a temptress.
A native of the Chicago where she describes herself
as happily divorced.
She said people don't need to make excuses
for why don't you get divorced.
She scoffs at the notion that married people will glimpse
the hot bodies in Iran and suddenly gets their spouses.
Oh, let's see those ads.
By the time somebody calls us,
she said, even though they're got somebody
or do they like to find somebody?
It doesn't know what we all want to find somebody, you know?
Somebody.
Sure.
That song is somebody.
I think there shouldn't have been one year.
I think it should have been two words instead of somebody
who loved you and was ever in an airplane.
Grace, look.
I think it should have been two words.
Some body for love.
There you go.
You'll be there.
That guy they had nothing to do with drugs.
1065.
I'm telling you, you're not making much progress on here.
I think they want to like to get your ass fired, fat man.
I keep clicking his view, current thing, you know, as per...
And you know what?
It's always this time, isn't it?
Always this time.
135, 140, whatever.
And Eric Scott is foot on the break, man.
Just like in the hitcher.
Remember, Eric Rucker, how he had the break sent in?
He had a chick tied between the two trucks with the rope.
Oh, the remake of that was on, and I didn't watch it.
They remade the hitcher?
They should only croak, right?
I didn't watch it specifically.
Remember a movie did not need to be remade.
And by the way, if anybody hasn't seen the hitcher
with Rucker, how are in C. Thomas Hall?
See it, believe you mean.
That is one of the absolute, that's great.
It's not good, it's great.
I don't care what anybody says.
And you're not going to make your 1100, Mr. M. Tony right now.
Uh-oh.
You know, you need 35 votes in 21 minutes.
I mean, it's just slow down to a wall.
Walk.
Eric has got his foot on it.
Baby, he has stopped, and he's doing the freaking...
A Bristol Street.
Of my junior, honey.
Wow, your fat ass is really comfortable.
Wow, your fat ass is doing wonders for my fat back.
Want to do something useful with your fat ass?
I can sleep on your fat ass all day.
Then why not put it to use?
And you don't want my girlfriend sits on your fat ass too, do you?
As one of America's newest ask cushions.
Put your fat ass to use for the airlines.
And turn a coat seat into comfort class.
This is great.
By letting people sit on your fat ass,
you'll be helping to improve people's days on the bus,
at the movie theater, even at the park.
Mommy, come both on this fat ass with me.
Put your fat ass to work today.
Receive hourly wages, health benefits, and whole host.
Call now, and be proud to be a fat ass.
Right, Dom.
I wonder if your leak has got a fat ass.
Anyway, we've got some problems here, Chris.
You're going to really up against it.
Maybe you got a thousand, seventy-three votes,
and you got the 27th short in 15 minutes.
So that's not even two a minute.
But if the car ratio were going to Eric,
if Eric would just let off the emergency break a little bit,
one, zero, seven, three, eight, moving,
eight, even moving, a tick, and eight, ticking.
It takes a lick, but it ain't keeping on ticking.
As John Cameron Swazie would say, wait before your time.
You know John Cameron Swazie?
No.
He did the time-ex spots.
And they would take like a time-ex watch,
you know, one of those ten dollar watches.
And they would type like to a, you know,
a boat motor or to some horrible thing.
And they would like it all shaking,
and they'd take it out of there and like, hey, it's still ticking, man.
It takes a lick and it keeps on ticking.
I mean, what kind of a person wears a time-ex watch?
Somebody's smart.
People who wear expensive watches are just asking to be right.
Am I right?
Yeah, I think you are.
I wear a Casio.
I have a nice citizen, and this is one that lasts for life.
It lasts for life.
Good.
And it doesn't have no way.
It just goes on forever.
It takes it looking.
It's a citizen something.
What does it say?
I can't read the fine print.
I'm a citizen of Canada.
Citizen of the Universe.
1075, we need 25 votes.
I want, you know, I don't like leaning on that.
By the way, I've got a great Frank Rich column,
Earth to GOP, the Gipper is dead.
It's way too long to read.
I don't want to read long stuff.
And Dave Lindorf's got a good column to impeach this president
or remove the impeachment clause.
These are on our website,
on NearRodgers.com.
They're just too long.
In addition to which I need to do what's spent all of my last few
minutes here today, pushing that poll.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
What?
Nothing.
I ain't touching that.
Good.
And you're not invited to either.
Okay.
Holy Moses.
1078, we need 22 votes.
I don't know about that.
The ratio is certainly doable.
You know what I mean?
But what we need is to start seeing some chunks from you people out there.
Come on.
This is a poll that's got 600 choices on it.
TV mom would you like to have a head as your own as opposed to your own mom,
who maybe is allowed to be cooked or a miserable mom like George's?
Or people save my job.
Well, now see, there you go.
Even Chris chimed in a little bit there.
He's been fairly quiet since George started picking on his nice girlfriend.
I'm going to tell you right now.
We're never mentioning your girlfriend again on the show.
Yeah, okay.
But we're not.
Because you're obviously sensitive about that.
And I don't want to like, you know.
I don't want to interfere.
What do you mean by that?
I don't mess with guys, girlfriends.
You really?
In fact, anyway, okay.
Well, at least I'm safe anyway.
Safe to have me around.
I'm not going to interfere.
Oh, don't even get me started.
Don't go there, girlfriend.
Oh, there's no chance of that.
1082, we need 18 votes and 13 minutes.
Man, this is a chore.
And of course, this is the whole audience has voted probably twice.
In the jolly joebell era here at QA, I'm keeping a secret.
Keep it a big secret.
Don't tell anybody about it.
Don't go out there with no sandwich boards.
I'm looking at Rodemoller at the Sawgrass.
God forbid.
108, 6, we need 14 and 12 and 9.
Now we got a more doable ratio there.
Wow.
Well, I had to really work my fat ass off, you know.
And something not a bad idea either.
Now this story, religious groups made admittance for pet projects.
It goes on for 100 pages.
Can I just read a little bit?
All right.
St. Vincent College, a small Benedictine college southeast of Pittsburgh,
wanted to realign a two-lane state road serving the campus.
But the state transportation department didn't have the money.
So St. Vincent tried Washington instead.
The college hired a professional lobbyist in 2004,
and later that year, two programs were tucked into federal appropriations bills
with the help of Representative John Murthy, Democrat of Pennsylvania,
awarding $4 million solely for that project.
College officials said the work would improve the safety
and appearance of the road into the campus,
which President Bush visited two days ago to give the college's commencement address.
Just to coincident some sure.
Not.
Religious organizations have long competed for federal contracts
to provide social services,
and they've tried to influence Congress on matters of moral and social policy.
Indeed, most major denominations have a president of Washington,
monitor such legislation.
But an analization of federal records shows that some religious organizations
are also hiring professional lobbyists to pursue
the narrowly tailored individual appropriations known as earmarks,
which just kind of sounds like earwax.
I just pulled a glove at wax out of my right ear.
I have no idea with my little pinky eye.
I don't know.
And I just, huh?
Don't smell it.
No, smell your earwax?
That's like eating boogers, man.
Not quite, but bad enough.
Even worse would be eating your earwax.
Yeah, that's a horrible thought.
That's even too gross for me.
I mean, boogers, that's like a nice, you know, dessert.
Like an appetizer.
But earwax.
Ooh, and what makes your wax?
Now, you're supposed to be a genius.
Yeah.
Can you answer that question?
Don't you know that every part of your body excretes or secrets,
a whole bunch of stuff?
Yeah.
We have eight votes.
Go ahead.
So your ear's excrete wax?
It's not wax.
Like these wax, but that's the, you know, like wax you build up?
Yeah, but that's what it's similar to.
Oh my god.
New because it's technically thinking.
Big gloves.
If you get a rassy build up, man, you're going to have like big gloves of crap
like sliding down the side of your head.
And people are going to look at you like and start laughing or ants off.
And oh, man.
1092, now do we feel safe, Chris?
Do I need to pump this to push it a little bit more for your knife?
I think we got it.
So you're too complacent.
If I had to put the big push on here at the end, you wouldn't have come even close.
You wouldn't have come close, I'm just telling you, because they just, yeah.
They lost interest.
I think it was what I asked them to save my job.
And that's what it was.
So what it is?
That's going to lead off?
They lead back.
They're still not doing it.
We still ate short and you got like nine minutes.
It's like one, not even one a minute, but even so.
If we'd start talking a lot more sports now, if we talk about the NBA playoffs,
and certainly about the NHL playoffs, and how the sabers are down two games to none,
and they're dead as a door nail, man.
They really disappointed this old queen.
I'll say to that.
I was so excited the first period day of the night when they went up to nothing.
They were all over Ottawa.
Like, stink on the spokesman, man.
The spokesman said, I thought I thought I'd put a cat.
That's what he said.
You know, BM, Brian, or even George knows.
It's an interesting.
No BM.
And it looks like he just may have a weiner, man.
They may just go to the Stanley Cup finals, a damn stinkin' Ottawa.
Oh, God.
1093, baby.
We need seven boats and nine minutes.
And the way they're coming, man, and you know, you think it should be easy.
You think we're going to be at one company.
You're going to say, hey, 1100, now away.
We're 1094, is that you what I mean?
One at a time.
Come on, people.
Oh, no.
What was that song?
Come on, everybody.
What was that song from the 60s?
Looking, join your brother, everybody.
Did it slide in the family's daughter's house?
No.
1093.
What is it?
Come on, people.
I don't know.
One of those is kind of like folk song of things, you know, for back in the 60s.
When we had some, when we had people that cared when they were riding on college campuses.
And then, of course, the long came Kent State that we just had the anniversary of a few days ago.
And about a thing that said, yeah, you want to protest.
We'll show you a protest.
That's the fascist government, the police state of work.
We'll show you.
And then there were a bunch of dead people.
And they said, maybe we're not going to protest.
Day five.
Day five, what?
No, that's not.
Nope.
What's the song?
Come on, people.
Huh?
You're not singing.
I'm not singing.
I'm trying to sing it to myself and my head.
Smile on your brother.
Smile on your brother.
There you go.
That's good.
It's called Get Together.
And it's by the Young Blues.
Oh, I love that song.
Get together by the Young Blues.
We did it.
And we got 1097 on the 12th.
We're going to do that too.
We are doing it.
No matter what they say.
Charlie, do you know any of them?
You're going to talk to someone.
Tell me what you're from.
Don't step on it.
Whatever you do.
No, it is going to stop.
See?
You said it.
Perfect.
You bastard, man.
You said the acting look bad.
So what year?
I don't know 66.
69.
I can't say 69 here.
You can't make the wrong.
I can't say 69 here.
You can't make the wrong.
You can't make the wrong.
You can't make the wrong.
You can't make the wrong.
That's a good song.
Yes, it is.
Okay, 10 ideas.
We need two more.
We got seven minutes to get two more votes.
Okay, that's enough of that.
I was thinking the stone ponies.
The Young Blues.
Medley of their smash, by the way.
Yeah.
153, a Q and a few.
So, 99, 1, 1.
And Supernanny.
Supernanny comes a Hollywood twist on this show entitled Celebrity Nanny.
Join us in episode one as we bring in Alec Baldwin.
And I'm gonna take your ass out.
That's exactly what he's going to do to this suburban couple's little girl
with his somewhat controversial Nanny Inc style of calling the child names.
You already ruined it.
Fall with little pigs.
Watch as Alec plays forward games with a little girl.
Then acts like a really sore loser when she wins all the time.
You've made me feel like s**t.
And you've made me feel like a fool.
Over and over and over again.
Alec takes losing board games very personally.
You have insulted me for the last time.
As he then refuses to play anymore.
I'm tired of playing this s**t game with you.
Alec tells the girl that he would play other games with her,
except there's just one little problem.
You don't have to bring with a decent thing as a human being.
He's yelling at a child like this in a appropriate?
Alec sure doesn't think so.
I don't give a damn that you're 12 years old or 11 years old.
But that you're a child.
It's the most interesting style of Nanny ever.
I'm gonna really make sure you get what a run so fake you really are.
Join Alec Baldwin as our very first ever Celebrity Nanny.
I've been a half of myself.
Yes, yes you have.
Bye bye bye!
