You're bad.
That's absolutely...
I agree.
We sing with you out, cause you look like a tree.
With ice it falls out and it knows I could be.
Don't want any of you, just enough.
But you want at the end of the show, cause you're a dorky and you're fat.
You wanna live, this is your big chance.
But everyone laughs and you're gigantic pants.
Let go.
Say your voice is a total train wreck, and then we make fun of you.
You're a big thanks, that we can kill this guy, but sad.
Cause you have a bad face, you're a little bit slow.
Weird as long as you make this another one show.
Randy has a nice hair sign, his head's real face.
It's for a life, you need a drive, falling and drinking.
You have a bad face, the camera no-line.
You're out of reach, you'll call the Marricade Idol.
You have a bad face.
You have a bad face.
Well hey, nobody's perfect, me included.
It's a 10-0-2 all of a pretty damn close, I would say.
Just asked me my opinion, pretty close to perfect.
Man, we just got the Terrence was into this morning, but it moved.
And we decided that if we just talked a lot more sports between 10-2, we could all have like minus shares.
I'll take the Boxball and Tudderball segment.
The Batchyball?
No, the Batchyball is?
No, not really.
Batchyball is the oldest tag in men, I believe, like what Domino's is, the old Cuban men in Dave County.
You know what they said?
What do you think about him?
Batchyball.
Batchyball is like a middle ball, a small middle ball.
Have you ever seen Duckpins, which is like bowling with a small bowling ball?
Yes.
Well it's a ball about that size, only it's a middle.
You know, I don't know how to describe it.
And I don't really know what they were.
What do you do to throw at each other's heads?
Yeah, you throw at whoever happens to be in power in the government's head like Sylvia or Brother Sconey.
And hopefully you hit him in a head.
But if you hit him in your head and see.
Batchyball.
Yeah, that's right.
X-Latchyball makes candies, by the way, I'm sure you've had those.
Nope.
See remember the other day I was talking about how in Europe they're not really all that big on desserts.
But boy, the stuff, the sweets that they make, the gelato and the candy.
And the candies and all of these things.
Of course, the pastries, like in France, are your pants?
And even in Amsterdam, they have this place on the denrock.
I'm trying to think of the name of it.
Like a French pastry joint and a morning when they make the breakfast rolls and stuff every morning fresh.
And the people are lined up out on the denrock waiting to get their crap.
Can't complain about the food and amption and though because they're generally speaking isn't much.
I would say of all the travels of all the places where I visit.
Amsterdam takes the cake when it comes to Mickey D's man.
I make a lot of visits to Mickey D's and you think, oh my god, that's disgusting.
Well, it's commentary on the cuisine there. It really blows.
No good cuisine in Amsterdam.
And what I do is I act in the McDonald's.
Okay, how do you do that? I don't eat the bun.
And sometimes I'll, usually I'll go over there and I'll take, because I stay a lot of times with the Crasnipolsky there by the dam, the dam square.
And it's right across the McDonald's.
So I'll take, you know, I'll bag it. I'll get it to go out and I'll take it back to the hotel room.
And sometimes I'll eat it inside. They're all sit down.
I said, there's some interesting people to watch.
And I'll like that. And nobody pays any attention.
Good.
Just throw the bun away and they don't give a crap here.
You're using the napkin as kind of a holder to eat the nasty little burger.
But anyway, what the hell got to start on food already this morning?
I don't know.
Let's take a look at the food.
I'm sure that award winning QA on the schedule were barely, were barely making the final tubes on the transmitter tick.
And that's not just in the, that's pretty much all day.
The month of January where we got hoes, do people out there, our listeners, our loyal audience, they better come through for us big time in February and March.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yes. Sorry.
Wait, now where are you going now?
I had an accident.
Cheesy. Yeah, you went up that time.
Right, yeah. George lost his liver and his bladder and his...
Oh, I thought I was possessed.
I thought I got a real flush and I'm getting text messages from George in the stall.
I got to admit that was novel.
That was the first week of the interview?
No, I mean, what's it price before but not like a whole series of them like all of his body parts were falling.
Wow.
Yeah, you know like about the Southwirt glasses.
Oh, I was having an exorcism in there.
Yeah.
Do you manage it too?
Hank Goldberg's tournament preview show with Frank Haythe at 4 o'clock.
We got the big college hoops baby.
Any interest?
Come on.
No.
Oh, Hank's got his big tournament preview show at 4.0.630.
Panther preview at 6.30, I know there's no interest in that.
None.
In fact, in the Panthers red night we got a 0.7 share.
We loved the Panthers but nobody else cares.
Panthers at the Carolina Hurricanes.
Very big game tonight.
If they want to keep their student playoff hopes alive.
The Panthers at the Carolina Hurricanes and then of course after that we sign off.
I think that the ESPN radio business from 10 o'clock to 5 in the morning.
I don't think that's helping.
I don't think that's really very helpful.
You know the overall picture?
Because basically invites people up when they go to bed at night to tune anywhere else because who the hell wants to hear that.
And so as a result of that, a lot of times in the morning they get up and the radio isn't 2 into 5.60 or it's 2 in some place else they just stay there.
And clearance was in this morning going by the beep, but it boop, but it bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop
I was excited to come back to life to tell you about this unexciting product designed to unexcite you.
Next time you're standing in the locker room, surrounded by naked men, just grab your legs around the things a guard shaped hard away inhaler.
Before you begin to hate yourself or get them around, and you'll soften to a pliable mushroom that folds neatly into a confident, manly gaff.
Of a hard away antichet, and keep the bag its away.
The old jock strap just taint what it used to be hide your heart away.
10, 19, and 5, 60, W.A.M. We got a thousand six votes on the poll today and the poll is...
So you know what I want to do on the air is kind of like a side poll to this?
Step.
I want to find out which is the least favorite in all these chronic guests that we have on this station who are like cockroaches, they infest the radio station in solar.
Almost like they're trapped inside the transmitter and people can't get them out of the radio.
Which is the least favorite? You know like is it IRA, is it Drew Rosenstein, Fran Schwartz, Suburg, is it...
Bino.
Who else we got?
Bino Cook?
Bino.
Oh Bino.
Say I got a sound for that but I can play a f***ing s**t.
Sorry Joyce.
Thousand and six votes.
What's your take on the Kenny and Bull Morning Show on QM?
It's your daily 7 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday.
That's the only promotion they've ever had.
Never heard it 527.
That's 52 plus percent.
Never heard it.
That's not a very good sign, is it?
Nope.
It blows to 18.
Uh oh, it's okay, 215.
So that's, you know, I love it only 29.
Well, you know, we can do a little better than that.
I think, and I think at least one of those votes was from the inside.
And you tell me somebody already voted in there.
Maybe it was Robert Creeper, the grim reaper, the Lord of the Board.
I think if Kenny would stop saying that a lot more people would listen.
Because everybody knows what a jackass Robert Creeper is and how everybody in the building just...
Oh, just the one that wants to puke from him.
Happy birthday by the way Robert and don't ever come back.
Oh, he's just a hybrid guy.
Quizzling, yeah right.
The Lord of the Board, my ass.
I love it 29 and I hate this poll.
Only 17, that's only 1.6 percent.
1.6, we can relate to that kind of a number.
All right.
Out of 2012 votes.
So let's find out from our audience.
Well, I sure got a big pile.
I wish I wouldn't have done this.
I did something really bad.
I had something also about Regis's heart.
It's big now.
It's big enough both of us.
Regis filled in co-host of Live with Regis and Kelly announced yesterday morning on his show
that they'll undergo triple bypass surgery this week.
He's all hard.
Damn it, I don't want to do it.
Nobody wants to do it.
Philbin Grektis co-host Kelly Ripper.
But they tell me I had a second opinion so they're all in agreement that it should be the bypass.
And so that's what I'm going to do.
So you know, I'm going to do it this week and come back when I'm ready.
See, this is a guy that's made millions.
I mean, I'm mean big millions.
I'm talking about tons of money.
And I like Regis but let's face it, he's not the most talented guy in the world.
Philbin who had an angioplasty procedure 14 years ago was expected to be off the show for at least five weeks.
How about five years Regis?
Come back when you're like, when your jaw is down to your knees.
A series of co-hosts will fill in according to a show's spokesperson.
Live performance is scheduled for later this month in Palm Desert and Pollock, California have been canceled.
Philbin's 75 has appeared in various talking games shows over the past four years including the prime time hit.
Who wants to be a millionaire?
One of the worst shows ever seen in my life is that your final answer.
And then of course, that crap, you know, but anyway, Philbin and his wife Joy have two grown daughters.
I like that show.
They used to have on the, was it the health channel or the family channel?
What have been how was that exercise show?
That was a funny show.
That's about the only time Regis was ever really funny.
It was a good show.
Five, six, seven.
Come on. Let's hear it.
Let's find out who it is that you don't want to hear on a station anymore.
I'm not talking about the host now. Don't start picking on the host like my close person.
Like him or anybody else or like.
Oh, right.
We're talking about these chronic guests.
Who's the biggest tune out? Is it our win-back?
We got to kind of like keep track of this too.
Okay.
Or maybe your, uh, your scratch sheet.
Yeah, I'm scratching it.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
You can do it.
And Palm, five, sixty out of a residence ticket or wireless lunch.
The actually I had the lines going there for one.
Then I got off on the tangent by Regis and the start.
But I think that's more important.
Isn't it? I mean, don't people know?
Don't you hear about Regis? No.
Well, I thought it was.
I guess I made a bad joke man.
And now then of course the phones go dead.
WDQ, where you am. Hello.
Hey, why you doing it?
Okay, sir.
Love your man.
Hey, I, I, I used to listen to that morning show when you guys are Joe Rhodes and everybody there.
Right. When we had a little dog on there, man, it was good.
And because these guys are so like predictable, you could turn it on at any time.
It's either the crop table or some super-ass guests that they have one there.
Okay, and which guests do you dislike the most?
I'll win back.
I'll win back.
In choice.
What's up, man?
Okay, thanks, pal.
Have a good one.
So who's keeping score?
Oh, I'll write it down.
Well, what's there to be who's keeping score?
Well, I was going to have Chris do it.
I wrote, oh, Chris, listen, he can't afford to spend that kind of energy on something this year.
Sure he can.
Who would have the news?
Who are the other people that are around all the time?
Chris, since you're the only one who ever...
Tom Morningshow?
On any of our shows.
All the way.
Let's see what Ira's on every show every day.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
W-I-R-A.
We're not talking about the Irish Republican Army.
We're talking about W-I-R-R-R.
Let's change the colliders.
Who's the Goldie-Brew?
Yoldie.
Let's forget about Yoldie if we can.
Don't forget him.
Alex Marvez of the Sun Sentinel.
Oh, Alex Marvez.
Oh yeah.
Who thinks that I love him?
I've never seen him.
I don't know.
Maybe I love you, Alex.
What do you got?
And who else?
Well, that's enough.
That's a good start.
W-I-R-A-M.
Hello.
Yeah.
40, fuck.
W-I-R-A-M.
Hello.
Q-I-R-M.
Hello.
How are you doing, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you know what I'm most is your crossover.
You had with the hammer.
Oh, who would you stop?
No, sir.
You said that.
That was the worst garbage.
That was another clearance idea.
That was garbage.
No, but you know what?
You two guys spoke your mind on what was going on.
Oh, we spoke our mind.
Hank, you know something.
I used to do 95% of the talking and a Humper would like, you know,
interject the occasional chuckle or whatever.
Why did it be between below and his sandwiches?
Come on, man.
Get a life.
Well, what is that got to do with what we're talking about?
He misses the crossover, the cross dress, between me and Hank.
Okay?
Hank's on the afternoon now.
Okay, like the second one he ain't on because we got, yeah, he's got that big tournament preview show.
Excuse me, between 4 and 630.
Putting Hank on in the morning was like a death wish for him and for the station.
He's out of morning, guy.
Okay, Hank doesn't wake up until he's noon until lunch.
That went over like a pregnant pole vault of the...
These people have made more grotesque mistakes.
Not that I want to bitch about our management or about our program director.
Any of these things that would be very bad for me to do.
And totally out of character for yours truly.
Oh, God!
I'm just one happy camper as long as I get paid.
Just give me the money and I'll go.
Hey, everything is great.
You know, like that.
Whatever you want me to say.
Not.
I won't do it.
WDQ-R-M, hello.
Morning, Neil. How are you today?
Good.
Did you happen to catch that Bill O'Reilly tirade about those poor kids who were killed in a fire in the building?
I saw Keith Overman rip in the ass and deservedly so.
And if you think I would watch Bill O'Reilly, I wouldn't watch Bill O'Reilly, sir.
I don't want to know from him.
Like I said about Ann Colter yesterday.
This is what kills me about some of you people.
You know what the...
You know something, when you go in a backyard and there's a gigantic pile of dog droppings back there, you know what it is.
There doesn't have to be any discussion about it.
There doesn't have to be any big mystery.
You don't have to act like, oh my God, can you believe that's the dog dropped a pile of...
That's what it is.
Okay, and Bill O'Reilly is exactly that pile of excrement, okay?
A steaming big pile of nasty smelly excrement, that's Bill O'Reilly, okay?
Now, Keith Overman rip.
He did the thing again, the worst person in the world again last night because of that.
Oh yeah, trying to justify you.
You know, all of these legal aliens, these kids got fried.
They got burned to death in his apartment building.
And he said, well, they're trying to get sympathy for the illegal aliens.
Oh.
So all you people have expressed such shock about all these people that you watch.
Well, you know, once in a while we need to see what they're saying.
I don't... I know what they're saying.
They can't.
Sickness, disgusting, twisted.
Life is too short to waste my time with such swill, okay?
With such swill.
Like sports talk radio.
Who knew my queen?
God.
Absolutely.
This is another woman that's scratching her head.
A pancage has got that scratchy, no worries.
Bob Riverson, I don't know what that's all about.
It's scratchy.
No, it's just a raster, it's a...
No, it's just a raster, it's a...
No, it's just a raster, it's a...
Banger sister doesn't kiss to many guys.
Conserve her, if the wager cut above.
You're fair.
Candace Gingrich says she's proud she's a gaitless being.
Every time he sees a sister,
Well, it loves him, no, it's the blues.
Well, rugby was her hobby,
But now she likes the lobby,
And he don't much like her views.
Neutral sisterism.
Neutral sisterism.
Gingrich sister doesn't shave her legs of rice.
We'll make up on her eyes or date your soul.
Gingrich says she's proud she's a gaitless being.
Nervic.
Well, she ain't your eye curvy brother.
Let's be curable, how?
Cos Gingrich's little sister has never had a mystery.
And she never met a trows or mouths.
Neutral sisterism.
Yay.
Neutral sisterism.
You're fair.
Gingrich sister doesn't kiss to many guys.
Conserve her, if the wager cut above.
Candace Gingrich says she's proud she's a gaitless being.
Oh, wow.
Rugby died, my daughter had a rotten, dated one.
Oh, wait a minute, she murdered a Michael Jackson fellow.
And actually, what I'm like about it might be a nibbler lesbian,
wouldn't be so bad.
Hey, but Jesus, Scientologist Elvis, so what is that to him?
It's a 1033.
I beg your pardon?
I was doing an Elvis.
I've mentioned that Peter Pesto, like the fact that Newt's got a gay, whatever she is, daughter.
A gay and this big group today demanded an apology from the Pentagon's tap general
for calling homosexuality immoral.
Kill all the ministers, schmatheds, over there.
That's moral.
And sacrificing 30, almost 30, 200 American soldiers.
That's moral.
This is a guy talking about morality.
And drop it all in cluster bombs on the lesbianes by way of the US from Israel.
That's moral.
Talking about morality.
You know, when butchers start talking about morality, that's when you know, man.
You got that big pile I was talking about.
The big steaming pile of extra men in the backyard.
In a newspaper interview yesterday, Marine General Peter Pace, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
had a likened homosexuality to adultery and said the military should not condone a bylaw engaged to serve openly in the armed forces.
General Pace's comments are outrageous and sensitive and disrespectful to the 65,000 lesbian engaged troops now serving in our armed forces,
the anti-scooter service members, legal depends on what we're said, and a statement on this website.
The group has represented some of the thousands dismissed from the military for their sexual orientation, for a little too much hanky spanky.
Pace made his remarks in an interview yesterday with the Chicago Tribune.
He was responding to a question about the don't ask, don't tell policy, the laws, gays, and lesbians to serve.
If they keep their mouth shut, if they keep their sexual orientation private, and don't engage in homosexual acts, God forbid.
God forbid, don't be touching that.
Oh no! How can you be gay with your mouth shut?
Are you going to start again?
Back to what?
Pace said he supports the policy which became law in 1994 and prohibits commanders from asking about a person's sexual orientation.
I believe homosexual acts between two individuals are immoral, and that we should not condone immoral acts,
because the second news they've interviewed, I do not believe the US is well served by a policy that says it's okay to be immoral anyway.
But you know something?
I mean, anybody that listens to this crap without either writing or crying,
there's one thing that's more moral than anything is to go out and kill some people, that's right, that's moral.
Who do you think I mean?
So it's a good thing.
That's right, kill some bastards for Jesus, kill some right-hands for Jesus.
Paced a native of Brooklyn in the 67th graduate of the US Naval Academy, said he bases use on his upbringing.
Oh yeah, I'm bringing up breakfast, I'm bringing up that bacon for another look-state.
That's it.
As an individual, I would not want acceptance of gay behavior to be our policy, just like I would not want it to be our policy,
and then if we were to find out that so-and-so we're sleeping with somebody else's wife, we would just look the other way, which we do not.
We prosecute that kind of immoral behavior.
I say, what's it to you?
What is your business?
Who's sleeping with whom, okay?
I think you got your nose out of joy and you're sticking it into many people's crotch and too many people's bedrooms, and get the hell out of there is what I say.
And what's he got going on?
God only knows, you can only imagine, a guy named Peter Pace.
The newspapers had paced it out of the risk concerns raised by a 2000 government audit that showed some 10,000 troops in the foodie world and 50 specialists in Arabic have been discharged because of the Don't Acts Don't Tell Policy.
More than 50 specialists in Arabic.
Don't Acts Don't Tell was family know about that.
Representative Marty Mean, Democratic Massachusetts, introduced legislation to change the ban.
Mean introduced a similar bill in 2005 that eventually attracted 122 co-sponsors, including Republican Krischais of Connecticut, independent Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
Yeah, America, it goes on.
Open.
The news, I'd be put a commission by Michael D. Pomsson, the University of California, Senate of our 545 troops who served in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Three quarters of them said they were comfortable around gay men and lesbians.
Thirty-seven percent opposed gay's to serve openly.
And twenty-six percent they should be allowed.
Thirty-seven percent said, ant who cares?
Uninsure or neutral or neutered or new-gengredged.
Of those who said they were certain that a member of the UNI was gay or lesbian.
Two thirds did not believe it hurt morale, according to poll published in December.
Well, that's worried about who's sleeping with whom, and who's taking a mock body part, and sticking it over here and doing what over there.
It just pathetic.
Traject is what it is.
And you know what else it is if I can find it in the air I really doubt and it probably has to have a good bleep in it.
What is that? I guess it's got one.
That's the American way.
Yeah, that's the, I knew it had to be that one.
Got to get a good bleep in it because somebody might actually understand the effort was in there.
We don't want to do that.
Do we, Joyce? No way.
No way. 1066 votes on the poll.
How are we doing that morning show?
And we'll continue with that, you know, because you notice the call was so far as usual without even responding what my question was, as usual.
As usual, and that's okay, because we already killed almost 40 minutes.
What's wrong with that?
It's like the cash register is running.
Gachin, kachin, kachin, you know what I mean?
What's your take on a Kenny and Vold Morning show on QAM?
1066 votes.
We're going to have 1100 by the top of the hour, Mr. Chris.
We'll hit 30, 30.
We will hit 1300, says Chris.
How do you like that?
And we're talking about the votes are your weight.
Nah, the votes.
Never heard that morning show the Kenny and Vold Morning show 555.
That's not good.
Out of a 1075 votes, 52% never heard it?
Never gave it a little, a look see, a little, a kuchi kuchi, a little something?
It blows 240.
That morning show below 240 said that.
It's okay, 233.
233.
Okay.
I love it 20 or 30.
Excuse me, I love it Scott.
But third man.
And I hate this pool.
Look at that, that number is dropping and dropping.
Just like the numbers here on QAM, it's dropping like a gigantic boulder.
I hate this pool 17, 1.5%.
You know it would be good if a gigantic boulder was dropping like out of the sky.
You know, like in the end of a desert somewhere where it wouldn't hurt anybody.
If somebody was spying on that boulder.
Wouldn't that be great?
That would be something.
That would be something really special.
Oh, geez, look out, look out Jay.
Oh, you won't see him no more.
That was a 75 votes.
Go, look out, look out.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, and now James Brown, by the way, speaking of Little Richard, James Brown,
he got his a stiff in the box.
Farther?
Yeah, nothing like being stiff in the box.
And there he is.
Well, I mean, he's laid out and then they're going to like move him around a little bit
and put him on tour.
Like the Pope ever did a slab on the slab, the fat Pope that cropped.
Uh-huh.
And it kept slipping him around on the slab with a silly little red shoes, man.
You know, it's bad enough that the guy, you know, all these guys over there in Nevada
can run in and around and address all dressed up like a bunch of circus clowns.
But when he got them silly little red pointy shoes, you know.
Right.
And then pumps.
I mean, when he was wearing them red pumps, I thought to myself, hey, let's write the red shoe diaries.
Which I don't even know what the hell that is.
That's a leadies thing, isn't it?
It's a uh, sex thing.
The red shoe diaries is a sex thing.
I guess originally it was a movie.
Isn't everything one of those skinnets I think when you came right now to win a special
first round of the Kenny and Boat Morning Show, everything is a sex thing.
What are how Kenny and the Mrs. did last night?
Last year, I, well, you see, I, I, well, I think it really boils down to is nobody cares.
I know that it's supposed to be very titillating and very, scintillating.
Uh, nobody cares, you know, whether they did it on the square table,
onto the round table, uh, next to the rectangular table, all of these things.
One thousand eighty nine.
And we're, I, I'm thinking we're going to get like a million votes today, Chris.
Then they will fear us.
Definitely.
You think?
And I know for sure I'm going to be tuned in the fourth.
Thanks big preview show for the, uh, college hoops with Frank Hayes.
Who the hell is a Frank Hayes?
God?
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
Vote for me.
Vote for me.
Absolutely.
The city turned everybody's loves.
Even though no one knows what he does.
All the Democrats sing.
Would you please be the guy who runs for me.
For the president, see Barack Obama.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go over Barack Obama because we can't vote for him.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
We vote for me.
I'm going to vote for about a hundred times for Barack.
Everyone here.
My account is Google and you, uh, you, before a billion dollars in copyright infringement.
And I do like that.
Wow.
That's something.
Well, any interest?
No.
1150.
It's not even a hundred o'clock yet.
It's 1046 in the big city, baby.
Eastern daylight time.
I love daylight time.
I don't care what anybody said.
I just hope they'd leave it alone.
Yeah.
Put it on daylight time.
I leave it alone and quit switching back and forth and, you know, up and down and in and out
and all this other crap.
Just leave it alone, man.
Daylight time.
There's nothing wrong with it.
It's really depressing when it starts getting dark, you know, when it's standard time in like 430, 440, 550, it's depressing, man.
And you know, when you go like to Northern Europe, like when I was in Helsinki, for example, or in Stockholm.
And even in Amsterdam, it's the same thing in the summertime.
It's like light out to like 930, 10 o'clock at night or sometimes even 1030 at night.
Isn't that a wonderful thing?
Yes, it is.
Chris, there's some people they like it to get dark, you know, because, I don't know, they just, they're more in the mood for certain things when it's dark.
You know, like a mugging, things like that.
Oh, I say, because I was going to say.
No, I'm not talking, I know.
I didn't have to be dark for that.
I know.
I like it in the light.
It depends on who you're with, you know.
Yeah, that makes sense to me.
In fact, I don't really care about that as long as it happens to be the right persona.
Sometimes you want to see what's going on.
No, and sometimes you don't.
And sometimes you hope they don't.
In my case, you just want to make sure they don't see that.
That's what I'm talking about.
Oh my God, look at him.
I thought it was somebody else.
Oh, geez.
Sometimes it all goes to you.
I love 110 votes on a pool, but we are.
I'm telling you one thing.
I think we're making a giant of comeback here, because you know how this loyal audience does for us.
Because we're on the Titanic here at QA and Manny's last train, I realized, you know, the whole station got screwed and the IRA isn't going to be put in a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
there's a lot of tries in the history of rなくete and other types of foreign numbers are
going really well and I hit the 39,000 people and we want to then be a big Powerful
union team and our celebration, our guests, our group of people, our players, our members
pieces, that you which have been phoned by and they had built a hugeagu--------.
Germain countries and the
There will never be an NFL team in Toronto. There ain't no team. There is a
one comment. He's great. Bob McCowney's on the fan here. I mean, that's, you know, but then again, this is a real sports time.
This is a real sports city, you know. Go Leafs Go. Go Leafs Go. And if I sit next to me there in a macaroon of years ago, I think they're saying go team go.
Is what they're saying? Oh Jesus. I mean, I mean, even George knows go Leafs Go. Okay. Maybe the most the most well-known
channel in any sporting event by the crowd. They've been screaming. Of course they, you know, we'd like them to go far away and don't come back.
But that's beside the point. A bunch of idiots. So they just, what is it? Now, I got to call yesterday. He had a really good question.
What is it? Is it the drinking water? Is it the sun that fries the people's brains? Is that there's something about the
the whole ambiance of South Florida tracks early stupid ignorant jackasses? What is it? I think it's the
tar in the carbon monoxide that we're doing. That might do it. You know the fact that they're going to hit all them
toxic fumes. That's why you're living for a lot of time. Maybe that's why you're screaming when the
splurting out. Oh, that's bad. When you hear that sound and then you realize that's your screaming. That's
not a good sign. 115 votes on the poll about the Echeningan Bowl morning show 5 6 7 0 5 60. A lot of food for
England. I'm in town. I won't go to those hockey games anymore. I just I refuse to do it. I mean, I could have gone to one
last time I was down there. I just, uh, now I don't think so. I mean, there's some nice people there. They come up an
a kiss my ass and hey, Neil, how's it going? A and blah blah blah. But there are some of the dumbest bad. Come on,
world. Hit somebody already. Hit somebody. War. Oh my God. You just want to put your head in your hands and
cry. And then there was that Julio kid at one time a couple of years ago. He's trying to impress me. Ever hear a
top shelf? Robbie every here at top shelf. Yeah, Dick Avenue is to advertise it. It's like a it's like dinner in a box,
which you're quite frankly you ought to be Julio. Stupid, stupid, England. And I told you like when we first got
the Marlins and I and these people, your people, I hate to say that they're sitting to each other explaining the rules of
baseball. Well, he's got to go back to first base and tag up right now before the next pitch, which of course is not true.
Nevertheless, I mean, baseball that's supposed to be your people sport. Oh, they love a baseball. That's in their
blood. May. Yeah, right. Well, maybe some, somewhere else called some sexually transmitted disease. Maybe that
would weigh on people. Thank you. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'd like to weigh in on your question. I don't want to the morning show anymore.
I think any would flourish a little bit if they would let him do his own thing. But you got what would what would that be?
It's post of like soft watch with Tourette syndrome. And then you got to be a little bit of a jock. Yeah.
Then you got the a little bit of jock that are on the show. They can't speak a lick English. I've done it to the big dog now.
So I listen to you and the big dog. That's about it.
Well, who's your least favorite one of the nerds that I have on his God? See, when that's a question, I guess he just don't like a period.
Maybe I just shouldn't have asked a specific question. I should have just invited people to call in and rip them and ask.
Maybe somebody to call and say something good about that. So maybe toast will call in or something. I think he's toast.
Well, what is what is his story anyway? I mean, what is the deal with him? I mean, is he here? Kind of omelette or what is the deal?
I don't know. Now what show was he on? Was he he was done with Paul and ancient wrong one? Yeah, they were on when they're doing the Zeta morning show.
But here once upon a time there was a great morning show on Zeta, man, I had a giant number. You can't live in the past though.
You know, it's like the dolphins and like the Toronto make believe speaker them. Can't live in the past.
Neil wakes me up in the morning. Neil wakes me up with a smile.
I got a good idea. Let's go on FM. Forget about this satellite radio crap. Let's go on FM. That was great.
Let's take that country kiss music man and just kiss a goodbye. Let's just
I'm with your liver and spleen this morning. Go on FM and my lungs. You can add that to it.
And you're going to be five, ten minutes before.
Oh, listen, we don't want to hear the. I don't know. How about about the three of you?
It's just morning. I mean, that's disgusting. Just don't talk about that.
Talk about these guys. It's not funny. Well, when people are walking out of my laughing at it, do I think it's funny?
You know, I guess the people who are not building things to call ocean there. They think it's funny because they're the ones that are left from the ocean.
I guess. Yeah. Let's call Oshan Joe Bell. I would see back. I don't know.
I don't know. Is he with Erosmith on permanent vacation? Well, there's Chuck Schumer, but I mean, but I'm out of seats.
Well, we're servants. Yeah, we don't care. 1130 votes. 1130 on the dial. I think that was the KMLW.
St. Louis. One of America's great radio stations, even now a bet. WQYM. Hello.
Hey, Bill. Yeah. Hey, the problem with that morning show is that guy toast? You were just talking about him.
What does he do? No, he had that oblong table when he was on 790's and ticket in the morning when he was with brands.
That's that thing. Fuck man. He's the one that started that crap. Yeah. He's the one that has a hidden square table when he did a show of brands.
We're going to have to get a hitman to take care of his ass. Yeah, I'm so kidding. You get us out of Wayne's ass, dude. That might help.
Okay. All right, man. Have a nice time. Look at that. He's on a payroll over there. See, that's kind of an incestuous relationship.
That makes it a little bit more defecal, as they say. In parts of the county, like in Sweetwater, more defecal.
Just always sucking up to the organization. How can you suck up the organization where every year they don't make the playoffs?
They stink. They join out. They keep bringing in all these new coaches. They keep having all these breathless press conferences.
Oh, we just hired Dave Lawson. Oh, we just hired a next saver. You know, and then these guys, they can't throw them off fast enough.
It's a very sick situation. Wayne, but of course we can't say that. Do you remember when they were having the big meetings with Wayne and everybody was like on pins and needles?
Oh, don't say anything about that because they're trying to get the dolphins back on QA. We don't want to, we don't want to piss off Wayne. Remember those days? Yeah.
And of course we still have no idea what is going on in regard to maybe make any difference because the games are all televised anyway.
And number two, when you got Jimmy Sifilis is going to be doing it on either station. Nobody's going to listen to it anyhow.
It's going to be a grotesque grotesque. It is absolutely unacceptable is what is unacceptable. The idea that Jimmy Sifilis, he's a play by play.
You know something? Be full. I would let him broadcast another sporting event of any kind play by play.
I would perform open hearts or dream. Regis Filben. And probably do a better job. And I haven't even got any idea where to find a damn scalpel.
And especially it's a big job man because you know about Regis's heart. It's huge. Big nail is picking up both of them.
He's a good guy really. He's funny. Although I think he takes some shop a little bit too seriously now. He's good. He's made millions and millions.
I got news for you when you can make millions with his talent. It's like me. You know when you can make money with my talent, you've done a miracle.
Oh I think I'm more talented than he is. Yeah. Well, how come he's made so much money and I'm scraping by and you know, on 1.6 years.
How can I scrape by and at? Luck and timing. Oh. Thanks Norma. That's one thing. You can knock normal all you want man. He got, he made me some money.
And when you scrape by all the BS. Let me just message for all you punks out there. When you work for other people, it always sucks.
And it's never going to be. I mean maybe once in a lifetime somebody says, oh gee, I worked for this guy. He was the greatest boss.
Like when I worked for Dick Casper at WWS 100 years ago. He was a great boss and a good friend. You know when we go to lunch and we discuss programming and ideas and he would listen to me and you know, and then we had a great time.
And we had gigantic ratings. Got a lunch. That's right. And I went to the lunch with Joel Bell and we threw it so easily. How the hell did that turn out?
I'll run to your cell.
Any questions? Your own stations give you cars. No stations give you cash. But this station is going to give you an unlimited appetite.
Just in time for Thanksgiving. That's right. We'll fix it so you can eat as much as you want by making you believe me.
Finge and bird. You'll be the third caller when you hear this start. And we'll send our overnight guide to your house Thanksgiving Day after you'll be in the stickiest finger down your throat.
Once you've tossed your cookies, you'll be able to start it all over again. Or go forever.
Just imagine you can feel and for all night long. Thanks to our overnight guys magic index finger.
This station assumes no responsibility. Oh my God. What have you done? This is absolutely the worst promotion we've ever come up with.
And I personally accept no responsibility. In fact, I just might quit. Well, maybe not.
We've got a finger with your name on it. People listening to me. Yeah, so much of shame. You're a rectum.
11.02 at 5.60. That's one thing when you go to the productologist always take a long review mirror.
Never thought of anybody by that. You know that is glasses.
That would be a little mirror. But like that is a little mirrors. They can kind of look behind see what's going on because you know you can never trust anybody that you don't know all that well.
1150 votes on the pool. Now let me just give the audience a little seminar because this is the kind of stuff they like to stink their teeth and do you know when I let them in on the inside.
Because other radio shows they're always acting everybody. Oh, well, we're the best in the world. We're kicking ass. You know, like for all of you used to do.
I beat that on a stern in New York. Well, I know you didn't. You just used to make crap up. You know, which is fine for a little while until everybody we realize he's full of crap.
But clearance was in there this morning. Now, now, were you dropping your liver at that point or what? Yeah, I guess you missed that didn't you?
I missed most of it. I think I can't tell you what you would have been. You would have been most of you. It's because we were you know be molding the trends that came out on Friday and how everybody including us.
So, you know, when a Titanic is going down, it's hard for anybody to stay afloat. And then he said they were most of this made it the fact that mad dog isn't mean you know isn't keeping the numbers that we have here between 10 and 2 like he used to do when we're on.
We used to he used to follow us once upon a time when we'd have like a seven or eight share at one to two and he'd have a six or a seven between two and three. And generally, you know, keep the audience.
And I said to him, well, you know what happened is you screwed it up. Okay, you broke it and sometimes it's like when you have a fine watch and you keep slamming against the wall and finally, oh, something something like.
Yeah, hops out of it like something broke and then you try to put the piece back together again and it doesn't fit. It doesn't work no mold.
And that's what they did and to keep breaking it and breaking it and moving it around and patching around and all of you this work before let's see if it'll work again because people are creatures of habit.
And when people get out of the habit of listening at a particular time to your radio station or to a particular show or whatever the hell it might be, they don't just all of a sudden when you snap your fingers come back say, oh yeah, I used to like that once upon a time.
I'm going to go back over there because maybe they discovered something else and they're sticking over wherever the LAR they're sticking it.
You see what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying that these people, this child, this child programmer, we've got, you know, they talk about the infant and the manger and all that stuff, the Jesus crowd, the Jesus Christ Jesus,
and the Jesus crowd calls them, we've got the sportsters, we've got the Jesus sportsters, that's the religion.
And we've got this infant and a manger who I guess they must have found him in a basket, a biscuit of a basket that's clearance in a basket.
I'd like to see him in a box, not a basket. But anyway, and then he thinks he's the sports Jesus and what they don't realize is the antichrist.
As he continues putting on this fall to roll, I mean, you and basketball games in the middle of the daytime, I don't care what kind of a stupid ass tournament it is.
In the middle of the daytime when people are awake and might actually have the chance to be listening and might want to turn on something that you got that somebody would want to listen to.
In the middle of the daytime, in my room where my wife sleeps, where my children play with their toys, that's right.
I wonder if I still have any of that crap on there. I got out of the habit of playing that stuff, it's your fault.
I know, I'm sure I got some of that stuff in here with frankly, contention, where is it?
Oh, you want him to leave now?
I don't go back to New York, I already made my plans.
Don't man, I have too much wine.
There you go, Frankie had too much wine. Try the wine, Frankie.
So I don't want to be wine in here myself, but I'm just telling you the kind of thinking that goes on in this place.
Well, it worked once before, how come it ain't happening again? Because you keep breaking it, you keep chasing people away.
And then you want them to come back.
Also to plead, yes.
We had no competition, never had any competition.
Yeah. No other talk station in this town.
Talk station, see there's a difference. See, these people think they got a talk station, but they don't.
They got a sports station with a talk show that's on from 10 to 2. They don't have a talk station, right?
So any number we've ever gotten has only been a phantom number.
No competition anywhere.
What does that mean?
I mean, we've had no competition on this station.
The whole station, there's no other local talk station.
What does that mean?
We don't have any competition mean like rush?
Right.
Exactly.
And below?
Right, exactly.
And Jerry Springer?
There's no other local talk stations.
That is correct.
There's absolutely correctsor.
I know that. And what are you trying to say?
Are you starting again with a business that they need to change the format?
No, that's not what I said.
No wonder they're pumping the poison gas through their man.
You are messing with their plans, baby.
Everybody in the building blame me.
You are sticking your finger right inside their navel.
And twisted really hard.
You know, that's one thing about navels, man.
I don't know.
Navels always are kind of interesting to me.
I don't know why.
Yeah.
Anything navels are interesting?
They can be.
Yeah.
And when you stick your finger in your navel once in a while,
there's a really interesting aroma.
I guess you know the big difference.
And if you stick your finger in somebody else's navel,
no.
And there's a really grotesque.
And then when that length, that navel length comes to the plan.
I don't know.
It's sweater with mine.
Love 161 hosts on the pool today.
We're going to have all, man.
What did you say, Chris?
12, 13?
13.
We can do 14.
How do you like that?
I can name that tune in 1400 votes.
You'll see.
WDQA and programming seminar.
Hello.
Yeah. Good morning, Uncle.
Good evening, sir.
Yeah.
The first thing about Karen's,
all can mad dog have a good number when mad dog only works one day a week.
That is a problem when he's only on 14 days a year.
That is a problem.
Exactly.
Come for a favor.
You only work twice, I think.
Anyway, I'm part of that deal.
I'm part of the particularly brags about it every day.
So he's stealing money.
And from the other party to him.
From the other thing you were talking about with the worst guests,
all about Eric Reed.
Is it a guy?
Eric Reed of Toxeter is teeth from the heat.
Eric Reed, yeah, that's a good choice.
Okay, I'll get me a keep it up.
Thank you so much, pal.
Okay, Eric Reed.
I mean, yeah, like I tried to explain to these people they don't understand.
I told Karen's this morning, I said, when you're doing a sports format,
you're already narrow-casting.
There's only a small percentage of the public out there,
even the guys who are so obsessed with sports that they want to digest
it and eat it and chew it and lick it and sniff it 24-7.
Now, don't know.
Even if you're a sports fan like I am,
you don't want to hear about the same crap over and over.
Oh, okay.
So you're already narrow-casting.
You're cutting yourself down with small saver in the population.
Then, when you put on a guy, like for example Drew Rosencrant,
Schwartzstein, and he's going to talk to the same crap every day
and plug his car thing, whatever it is.
The number of people who are interested,
I would see most people hate him like poison anyway.
Am I right, Chris?
Most people hate him like an animal, which one?
Drew Rosencrant, Schwartz.
Oh, yeah, pretty much, basically.
Yes.
And he's reviled.
And of course, like Diky V didn't they have Diky V?
I didn't hear it, but I heard them promontiously.
They had Diky V on them.
You know this morning, I believe.
Oh!
I mean, if there is something, hey, baby!
Hey, baby!
Seriously, if I had a 2x4 with a rusty nail in it,
man, I couldn't do enough damage to his ball spot.
That's how I feel about Diky V.
Good.
God almighty.
Oh, there's Peter Pace talking about the fags are immoral.
It's okay for us to kill people and to poke your eyes out in the new way.
You know, put the poison gas up your ass.
But otherwise, it's everything is immoral.
Yeah, let's hold if you'd like to hear the Diky V interview.
You can go to www.wkm.com.
No, thanks.
Let's go there now.
In fact, let's replay it.
We can work ourselves down to an easy 0.3 in no time.
WQYM programming, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, a little programming suggested.
Please, please, get them to stop
with the Ira Winderman all day, all the time.
He's like one of those infomercial guys.
He's talking and talking and talking and talking.
And he's on every show.
Yeah.
I don't get it.
I mean, if they buy concerts, they're commercial.
I think he's got to make him pictures, man.
The beesleaves and the billi-grotes, he must have.
He's got those pictures of Shaq and Josh Friedman kissing.
I don't know what it is, but you've got to get off the air.
Please.
Okay, thank you, sir.
There's one of our big fans.
I agree, man.
He is gruesome.
See, here's what I don't understand.
There are people on this station, including Eurostrui.
We don't have any guests on this show.
If I had to bring guests on here, where the money they're paying me
to do an entertaining show, I'd say, I'm stealing, man.
I don't deserve this kind of money.
But I sit here with George and Chris and whatever other
bozos I have in Josh once in a while.
And we just fly by automatic pilot.
But if I'm getting paid a lot of money,
and I've got to bring some expert on it, I mean,
if you're supposed to be a sports host, then what do you need?
Some expert on.
You're supposed to know these things.
You're supposed to know all these things.
That's right.
What do I need to bring some windbag on, some loudmouthed,
squeaky-voiced windbag, who's on, I still say,
change the color.
There's W-I-R-A.
I will radio all-I-R all day.
What do you say?
That's about W-I-N-D is already taken speaking to you.
Yeah, it's in windbag.
Yeah, W-I-D is Chicago.
Windbag.
Oh, my God.
And you know something.
You're allowing me to get all whipped up and excited about this.
It's because of the fumes.
I'm out of my mind, I'm out of my head.
I'm almost on my mind.
Are you going to stop pitching about the...
No, it was your what?
No.
Well, when you stop pitching, we'll know you're dead.
Right.
11-71 on a pull-man.
I think by the bottom of the hour, we got 1200.
We're 14 today, or I'm going away.
If we don't do 14-ever votes, we're leaving the 1250 to market
at the ball and pre-hand.
Marlins in the Orioles tomorrow, 1250.
Wow.
Here's the video.
1175 votes.
What's your take on McKinney and Bo Mourning Show on QMITS on Monday through Friday, 7-10
in the morning with Kenny Walker, who's like a real broadcaster, and Ken Bo Camper, who's
not, and the toast, who's got a lot of stupid ideas like the Squirt.
So toast inflicted that upon him.
See, what did I tell you many months ago when those guys first went on?
Did I tell you that Kenny was a whist, and then he was letting them destroy the show?
Would I tell you that?
I don't remember.
It was doomed to fail.
I told you that.
I don't remember.
He was allowing them to, with all these prefabricated segments, and he's letting toast...
If I was him, I'd kick toast ass right on the year tomorrow.
We could promote it ahead of time, get a 30-share easy.
What's your take on McKinney and Bo Mourning Show on QMITS?
Never heard it.
6151.1% of this gigantic Nearoges audience, never even heard it.
They wouldn't know where to find it with both hands.
It blows to 65.
It's okay to 56.
I love it.
34.
Only 34.
I love it.
But not that show.
And I hate this pool on your 19, only 1.6%.
A 1.6% that sounds like a nice, comfortable number.
Mackinon, this is Joe Bohr and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God!
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Support the war in Iraq, but we'll never volunteer, guy.
Mr. Support the war in Iraq, the world never volunteer, guy.
You fully endorse the war on terror, but they don't get American chopper in fact, dad.
So it looks like you'll be sitting this one out.
Love to watch the turtles now.
Your blood boils when you view the carnage on the evening news.
But hey, you have season tickets on the 40-art line, and isn't that the real American dream?
Almost ready to play off!
Sure, your grandfather left an arm in Normandy, and Uncle Jimmy still thinks he's a good boy.
I think he's in denial, but things are different now.
They didn't have to program their iPod.
Yeah, but Mr. Podcast now.
The sight of Sadam Hussein's lifeless body dangling in the air gave you chills.
But so does Central Air, and that's why you're staying for it.
So we salute you.
Mr. Support the war in Iraq, but we'll never volunteer, guy.
They yellow-riven-macked it on your hybrid.
Your FDNY bulkhead and your summer home.
You are real American people.
We got something new working on engineering.
It's going to be really exciting.
Never tried before radio.
We're going to have the audio from QM, come on out everybody's gums.
It's not going to be a podcast.
It's going to be a podcast.
You should copy right there.
And give you a new meaning of the expression talking out your ass or whatever that goes.
Let me leave it in the 5 already.
By the bottom of the hour, we're going to have 1200, man.
We could do a million votes today, Chris.
I always say this like I'm all excited about it.
He's like, you know, you pretend that you care anyway, don't you?
I love it.
See what he's like today.
Oh, that even woke me up.
He is. You're just a man.
You're a good guy, but you're just a full of crap.
See, he's jealous now because Josh Cortes came in and keeps telling me he loves me so much
because he wants me to send him a check and I send that flavor wave.
How's Josh doing with the flavor wave, by the way?
I haven't gotten a recent report.
What is hot Russian girlfriend, huh?
Well, those are two different answers.
Well, the flavor wave gets pretty hot.
I don't know if it's hot or she does, but that's beside the boat.
I'm sure he's pretty dare-eyed.
I'm sure that's the biggest.
I'm sure that's the biggest.
I'm sure he's the biggest.
Well, what do you expect?
5,6,7 on more power to all you punks.
5,6,7,0,5,60, and pound five.
See, when he gets to me, I hate to say this because this is a mission of being an old fart.
I just don't care about that much anymore.
You know, like when I was in Berlin, I came back four days early.
I mean, I had a veritable human meat market over there that I could have laid.
And I just, I don't know.
Not that I'm not capable, you understand.
I don't know what you think that I'm going to...
And all the spam stuff, I get like in my blackberry all day long,
all these spam emails that come in.
Most of it is these ED thing.
I mean, it must be 87,000 different products for that now.
I'm thinking, why aren't they bothering me?
I don't have a problem with that.
I just sometimes have a problem finding the right partner, that's another stir.
No, I actually don't like that.
It's a dance partner.
No, it's just not that important anymore, yeah?
And I'm sure another five, six years of I make it that long,
it'll be like, oh yeah, I remember what that was all about.
I'll leave that for somebody else.
WDQAM, hello.
How you coming with the exercise regimen?
Oh, it's really good.
I've been doing pushups in a pickle patch.
5,6,7,0,5,60, pound five, 60.
That was a good thanks of it.
But now that you're losing all this weight, you really need to start on an exercise regimen.
I try to tell them, Jews don't do exercise, honey.
Jews don't do exercise.
That's a Jew thing.
The only thing we do is pick up the deposit and put it in the bank.
I could tell you a story about my bank, but I better not.
WDQAM, hello.
We were clear A.M.?
We were A.M. Yes.
We were A.M. Yes.
Okay, Kevin.
Okay.
That was it.
It took them all day to think that out.
Yeah, okay, Kevin.
WDQA was boyfriend's out there listening Q.A.M. Hello.
Five more to the heart.
WDQAM, hello.
Okay, not there.
Well, we ran a little bit of a roller actually.
We had a few way out.
I wouldn't say sensational calls, but somewhat interesting.
You know, like, I don't know, lukewarm.
Not real hot.
Like the three bears in the port.
Wasn't the Goldilocks in the three bears?
That's what we want.
Wasn't two warmers just.
That's right.
That's how I like it.
Not two warm and not two cold.
Just right.
How can it be two hot?
Oh, it can be.
Two of these.
Scallowing.
Have you ever had a restaurant that had soup?
And they have the thing that heated up so much that actually the soup on the bottom of the container
is being like scalded, you know, like it burned.
No.
You never had that.
Never.
Where are you very lucky?
And you take the first spoonful of that soup and just it just scalds your tongue.
Like your taste buds just get scraped right off of there.
They just are easy.
I used to read it.
It's like whatever it was called.
The old soup, like they think it's a fishy smell.
W2A M Hello.
QA M.
Nailed it out.
Nailed it out.
I still don't know that.
I don't know that.
I didn't mean to say it.
Yeah, okay, that's obvious.
W2A M Hello.
QA M.
That would be Danny, baby.
W2A M Hello.
W2A M Hello.
W2A M Sounds like they really got the instruments out today.
They must have all their toys out.
QA M Hello.
Who stole the cookie from the cookie, John?
W2A M Prozac Lime.
Yeah, there was one.
W2A M It's good, but you even know which one is going to be on which one.
It goes to show you've done it long enough to know what's going on.
QA M Hello.
Yeah, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How are you?
I'm okay.
How are you, sir?
Excellent.
I need to go through your screen or right to you.
That's the way we like it.
We don't have no screener on this show.
We don't do names.
We don't do screeners.
We just grab right whatever is on there.
Okay.
That's the way to do it.
I got to see a couple of years ago when I was down visiting for the winter time.
And I got to say, you belong in a real marketplace.
You do this, Miami.
Come on up to New York.
You can deal with the cold.
You'll make some big coin up there.
Yeah.
You mean down there?
Dale, what's up there from here?
I'm sitting in Toronto right now, sir.
I'm in my box.
You're sitting in my apartment in Toronto.
I didn't know that.
Well, there you go.
Okay, so get with it.
Yeah, come on up to New York.
I mean, down to New York, sir.
I'm up by the way, toasty today for a cast and over who loves the Toronto weather reports.
That's really captivating radio.
Captivate my ass.
Okay, you loser.
Eight degrees.
It's a 40's.
It's going to be 11.
They're going to be 52 and the sun is coming out.
Can you believe it?
There's actually a temperature.
There's such a thing as temperatures in the 50's Fahrenheit.
I didn't even know that.
Wow.
So spring is sprung, baby.
Whatever that means.
I guess that's because we turn it to pop in.
Maybe if we turn it at another hour, it would be like 75 this afternoon.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
Can you believe it?
There's actually a Canada.
The sea will like it.
Yeah, we weigh, we weigh.
And that's not even the right one as a faker.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
When you get far-rooping hack, you saw.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
Fire, sir.
Hello.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well done, buddy.
I'm on the way to go plunge my brains out right now to make a soupy.
Yeah.
I hope I get a good machine, man.
You're going to get a good machine, man.
I haven't found one in quite some time.
All of a Saturday did okay.
And then just decided, well, I don't know, I feel guilty.
With all this money, you know, hanging around in my wood-bind wallet.
So I went back Sunday and gave it back to him.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
I'm not complaining about it.
It kills him good time.
I had a little bit of entertainment.
I wouldn't say free entertainment, free for, you know, a couple of grand.
But nevertheless, 11.96 on the pool.
I bet if you refresh that, old man, you're going to see maybe 1200 on there.
And then Chris is going to, look at what it is.
What do you got?
Mine.
1200 even.
What do you got?
A headache.
1200 even.
What did I just get through saying?
I bet if I clicked it, it's going to be 1200.
That means I got to leave right now and go to wood-bind because the good machine with the jackpods waiting for me right now.
The $5 jackpot machine, $366 grand.
We've stayed never given away once since they've been open five plus years, maybe six years.
Come on, if you're going to pretend to give away jackpods, give it up.
You know, give it up like once.
Once will be good.
To this old queen.
Give it up.
Wouldn't that be sweet?
Come on, give it to me.
I said, you guys a little something, some.
Well, I would send Josh probably a bigger trick than you guys, but Josh loves me.
Josh Cornis.
Yeah, well, we just like you.
Well, that's not good enough, you know.
We're working for him to deal.
We approve of your existence.
Yeah, well, thanks a lot.
Okay, big deal.
I'm really impressed.
Not.
26 past 11 at 5.60.
Jim Manditch is actually working today from 2 to 4.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
He's got a lot of stuff in his mind.
The lovely , and the key is when you get home after all the troubles.
And the treasure is when you get home after all the troubles.
That painting comes out of my room,
Stop it from going to sleep,
Alright...
You can just hold my hand.
It just!
Everybody's in rehab, where they should be
Gays a girl and a friend, which isn't too busy
That doesn't mean you need rehab or a prescription
It means you're on your head, just like no gift's on
Everybody's in rehab to cover their own ass
If you just threw one chance, back home
You're supposed to throw the little grass
You don't need to go to rehab for making racial slurs
Or if you're on the way, happens to be her
We ask not for a cause, yet, or something you need to spend
We ask not for a police police report, but in off the seat
You don't need to go to rehab, just apologize
And control your ego, not making a lie
133.27 a little bit of 5.60 WM
What if all this dead is a door nail, man?
It looks really, really grim and here we're doing a seminar
A survey on which one of these repetitive host
We probably shouldn't put the segments in there too
Like the oblong table
And street or not gay or whatever that thing is
All of this stuff, which one aggravates them the most and causes them to die for the dials
No more, I can't take it, no more, no more, no more
12.06 on this pool
What's your take on the Kinnean Bowl morning show on Q&A?
It hurts 7 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday to get no promotion
And quite frankly, would have made a difference
Anyway, never hurt at 610
610, you think that's just, you think maybe that's an Omen 610?
W-I-O-D-O-I hate that station
It blows, that's over 50% by the way
15.5% never hurt it, they don't know from it
It blows 275, it's okay, 266
I love it, I've 11 at 35
That's not too good
And I hate this pool only at 20, 1.6%
So limited to anything
5.670560, come on let's crank this thing up
Okay? Because otherwise all we got is this, you know?
That's all we got
What? Oh listen, he does it on Q, I mean it's all we got is like a train ride
It's more respected to be, and it's, you know, at least predictable if nothing else
And pound 5.60 and he provides and sing it a wireless line
These people that cats got their tongue rust, maybe they are all gone
Talk about drowning on the Titanic
Even the good people in the Titanic, a lot of them, they just do know it's one of those things
They may be in good people, but then they turn out to be a dead good people
It's way it goes
WQYM, hello
How you doing?
I'm Neil
Okay sir
I think the show is full of show, we're going to the Kenyan pole and give it to George
I'm paying $1 million for you
No, okay
He must be getting those, he must be in his house
I'm telling you
5.670560, come on, give off your dead asses for a cryout
I'll, what is with you people?
Okay, I got a fine pile of stuff here about, you know, Halla Burton and Frank Loughtenberg is once a investigation
If Halla Burton moved into Buyslink to deals with Iran, all of a sudden I got a whole bunch of stuff
But I don't want to do that all the gas prices
Thank you Mr. President, by the way, for those little gas prices that are just spiking up again
The gas
Is the rape of the public who is on, you know, did you say gas?
I said gas
Give it to him
QAM, hello
Hey Neil
Good, it's all gone with Bill Beth here, absolutely
Bill, over there with the sterile idea boarded in Australia
Who cares, who cares, old boring news man, talking about an old tow, nobody cares
What is going on over there with Silveston?
See this again goes back to the whole concept, you know, the inside of this mentality, the Americans
If it's some celebrity no matter how burned out or washed out there like, like, sloy is still low on
They hear some stupid thing, who cares what he did?
Who cares, who, and if he has wild diarrhea for the rest of his life
Do I give a flying crap about it? No, he might, but I don't
God, get a life, sir, get a freaking life and forget about slides
You know, that, that, that this morning, that when they were doing the thing with the square table
I had it, I'm really low here in the background
And the answer one guy, the question was if Rocky was a baseball player, what position would he play?
I mean, what you make, I'm sorry, the fiend of the...
At that point, listen to me, at that point I was very grateful that I have no sharp objects here in the studio
I mean, I could have gone to the kitchen, I got some really sharp knives, but...
So, I was just frozen here in suspended animation like my friend Larry
You know, I thought, did you really, I mean, are you serious about this?
Like, somebody's going to listen to you asking if Rocky was a baseball player, what position would he play?
So, what was the answer?
WQYM, hello
Dale?
I didn't stay that long, yes sir
I'm okay, how are you?
Good question
So, what do you do for many an E on a dog's age?
Yeah, and the drop you use, you use it whenever you talk about Gildi
Yeah
Not the squawking, but the sound like somebody's got him over a barrel
Yeah
Is that actually him?
Yeah, that's Gildi
Not Gildi, that's Gildi
See, you're confusing, there's Mo and there's Howard David, there's more two different people
and there's Gildi and there's Gildi
Okay, but what was happening to him?
I was getting a spanking, okay? He was getting a spanking, which is where you're going to get it here, don't you know?
Get a life foul
I have no life
From 160 votes on the whole, you know, what was happening to the fictitious character when he was getting a fictitious spanking and was making those fictitious songs?
Oh, it wants this guy to know with his fictitious life
When you get the Florida, there should be a big gigantic billboard that says
I have no life
WQA, I am hello
No, I gotta say that, and you both speak up sir, speak up, come on, I can't hear a damn thing you're saying, speak up
I apologize, that better
That's a little better, speaking the area where the holes are
I gotta say that I think Kenny and Bo are just not a good fit, every kind of situation they've set up in the morning for you
It has not been a good fit, I don't know, no matter how many roadblocks they put up, you still persevere, you still make them a ton of money and they refuse to give you any support
Is this supposed to make me feel better?
No, I just wanna know what did you ever do to them?
Yeah, right, exactly, I'm just nothing, I was one lying now
WQA, I am hello
QA, I am
Anyok?
Yes sir
Hey, I've given a chance to that show in the morning, it's just like a constant laugh crack, it's a yucky up show all morning
Yeah
All morning, I really thought I would make you the ball party
Yeah
But you must be missing the funny parts
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
Alright, you know something, see, I mean Rick Rody did that, yeah
I mean also I stole that from there, yeah
I'm not on the ear anymore, I can fast when I see all the people's material, I'll be the first one to tell you
That was a reconciled figure
But they're not anymore, and I'm sure next time you're on with studs they'll tell you, oh I don't care
Of course he doesn't, he couldn't care less
And by the way he probably hates Rick now too anyway
Because Rick would always negotiate the contracts, you get himself as much money as possible, he gets studs a few bucks
30 bucks, you know
But I don't think studs is actually capable of hating at all
No, he's just a good guy, let me just one of those people
From Plenty on the Fool, oh man, I think we got 14 licked, call me crazy, you're crazy
It's only 1140
We're gonna have Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer calls on Alberto V05 Gonzalez to resign, the attorney general in charge
Nice going Chuck, he's a good guy Chuck Schumer, you know, but then again we don't want to get too political because nobody knew
The guy I called in yesterday that was talking about Barack Obama and said, well you know that congressman from Illinois is a...
Wow, I think Florida needs a big, you know what we need to do? We need to find a huge, huge, huge, huge, huge, gigantic, blueberry, animal I think is what we saw the problem
A huge animal man couldn't hurt, there's something to do, two ma, two ma, my mother's not around anymore, she was the expert on that
Really?
The animal day keeps the frustration away, that was your motto man
I used to think that she was hooked on candy, I find that all those chocolate bars, it was really...
X-likes, oh that's it
Oh yes, no, I don't know
When you were a kid did you, you know, discover the X-likes and think it was, you know, candy?
No, Illinois did not, give me a little bit of credit, okay?
Well I did, did you really?
Maybe this morning as a matter of fact, when it was a kid
Sounds like it to me, I mean when your liver falls out there must be some reason for a 221 votes on the pool
Up little boy
Here
Huh?
Oh hey, if you're not on your knee, then you can bid on my due
Well you shouldn't be buying a thing that don't belong to you
And so I say, when we turn my mother, I want to get back
But that's my golden feeling
But that's my black
And what's on the dials
And that's my tough thoughts
Oh that's much money, can buy a lifetime supply of clothes
And you're the weirdo who flies it
If you need therapy
Because the only one does that
Is afraid you'll be able
And so I say, you can return my mother
Come on, be of that
And why would they option?
And why would they choose that?
I hear the two great voices, but I'm here
The return on all
Let me just know if he remembers what never tells
If you've got no rights
To sell my team
Of that brilliant voice
See that isn't even a funny bit, but it is a bit of a mess
Yes, I'm finished with all my ideas
I figured you know, just this from my own say
And you're wrong about the needle by the way
That's the best part
You've been very lucky
Well that's because I got a good dentist
He knows how to drill you
I mean, at least with the needle
I'm telling I got a great dentist, he's a Ruski man, he's great
Every time I go, they stick that needle like right into the bone
You know what the amazing parts about when you're like in a real city like Toronto
I know this comes as a shock to people who think that South Florida is like a real place
But like people, if they're going to stay in business like dental, people, and medical people
People who are like healthcare practitioners, they don't always say they're like great, they're really good
As opposed to South Florida where if you find somebody who's like a good doctor, it's like oh my god
Let's write this down in our memoirs
You know, like somebody who's not just a pill pusher
A pill pusher
Now you remember you did a favor for our good friend Christopher this morning
And you put him on the top friends thing
Well yeah, I don't know why people care about that
But if there's no possible people, so people collect these, just he's got, look, anybody who says I'm beautiful no matter what they say
And he's a good guy, I'm just, I'm just getting a little bit out
But anybody who says that on his profile, you know he's got a little bit of an ego there
And nothing wrong with that, you know, not at all
But anyways, you did that and wait, you're gonna be so pleased that you did that when you hear what he wrote
Okay
He says thanks for the top friend ad, you're the king but a beeper, go over the queen
I said that
He says by the way, here comes the good part
I know tons in capital letters, I know tons of people who listen to you at 10 and turn right, drop right off at 2
That's the norm among my friends, we are sports fans but who the hell wants to talk about sports all day
I would rather actually be participating in them, says Christopher
You're not impressed?
Huh?
I'm, I'm supposed to miss something
Huh?
When you stop
You're not impressed by that?
I missed it, I'm sorry, I must have had a brain fart
Okay, say that again
Chris, did you get it? Do you hear what he said?
That he likes to play sports, not listen about it
Oh that, okay
This is, I know tons of people, you're, you're just not paying any attention to this, I don't know what that is
I'm telling you already to pass out, what you think it's gonna show
That's no excuse, okay, when you're dead let me know and I'm gonna do it
Oh another drooling, great, look at the drooling air hole in here, that can't be
By denist's there, okay maybe you heard me get recommending what a great job he does
Okay, maybe it's your turn to get drilled, like I've got to do it yesterday, maybe you ought to get drilled today
Like, pass out, maybe if you go in, there will be her day to get drilled
Start a buddy in that case, you can see the grief, you was being pumped into his side
Can I read this to you and would you please listen?
Just try, try to like shake your head a little bit, slap yourself in the stomach
A little bit, there you go, that's it
He's behind it, I know tons of people listen to you at 10 and drop right off at 2
That's the norm among my friends, we are sports fans, but who now wants to talk about sports all day
I would rather actually be participating in them, he says
Amen brother, see?
Well that's just an interesting thing, because you're gonna have it when you said the word sports in my brain shut off
I'm sorry
You better watch your right now mister, you're gonna wind up on clearance and Schmidt list already there
Oh, and everybody else in the building, I know already here
Actually, you know, you know how they put those clamps, I don't want to get too much into dental thing
Because I'm all done for a long time, I know the blindness cleaning
The what?
The blocks
No, not the blocks to keep your job, but when they're gonna like put the filling in
And they have this like metal clamp they put on there, and then they take that instrument that sticks the filling thing in there
Like in a slot, whatever
And he had that thing clamped on so hard, I want, because you know your gum is iron, in fact on that side he didn't even anesthetize the other side
Whatever, he's good though
And I think that a lot of these guys are sadist anyway, they enjoy the pain
1241 votes on a very important poll is QM, we are trying to put the pieces of Greg Reed's puzzle back together again, of course Joe Bell
Joe is a good guy, but he, oh look at all, no, the start-offs, oh this is bad news
What happened?
Man, what happened?
Oh, you know how they do in Vegas and other countries?
Coming up to New York?
You didn't hear about that?
No, I love the start-offs, I probably have been in New York
How many of us casino for me in Vegas always was the start-offs, I had a couple of good machines there man, that always were really loosey-goosey-goosey-no-loose machines
And I usually did a pretty good start-offs
And the sportsbook there, I like to as a matter of fact
And they just knocked the damn thing down
Don't you love that when they do that in Vegas man-wonders, when they're ready, when a place is just out lived, it's useful listening to them
And they replace it with something else for about five billion dollars, but they just detonate that thing and shh
There it goes, did you see it?
Yeah
That was pretty exciting
I love the start-offs
And they had, what's that place I told you they have one in Fallsview and Niagara Falls, what's the name of that place?
Like one of those old 50s hamburger joint type places, Johnny Rockets
I can't believe I actually remember that
There used to be a place like that in the starters before they tore it down
And then they went out anyway, but it was like one of those old 50s places with a jukeboxes and you know, in a great little place
There was no hostel, I go like a diner and booths and things like that
Yeah, like that
Oh god, the starters were schmaltty man, it was a good place
I don't think I'll ever go back out there though
It's a long slip
I could understand if you live like an L.A., you live like, I don't know, St. Louis
St. Louis
But the go all the way to Vegas, I mean I can go right up the Hershey highway here if I want to lose my ass
From 148 votes on the pool, we got 1400 made in the shade
You can take it to the bank, Chris, mark it down right now, take it to the bank
Take the money, honey
What's your pay hit 1400, did I get a real pay raise?
Yeah, 14 a cent
I mean, how long you've been on a show like two months?
I'm not being one of those, I mean just overall
What else do you do there? Do you do all the work at the station besides work on the famous on the legendary Nearodger show?
I worked your show, I work on Sundays, I do the hurricane
Now do you want a show on Saturday with it? I would no punches pooled, that guy would no punches pooled
No, not anymore, I don't know
He used to be, I'm gonna go with no punches pooled
He won the show when I would work Saturday
Wow, now is he as goofy off the earth as he is on here, no punches pooled? He's a very intense person
What does that mean?
So is Robert Greeper for that matter?
You know, Robert Greeper is a great member of the Lord of the Board
If Kenny Walker says that again, I'm gonna come down there
He's an uzi and I'm gonna blow his brains out if I can find him
The Lord of the Board, the King of the... oh Jesus God, Robert Greeper
You know, if you're gonna kissy kissy up to somebody, Kenny there and at the entourage in the morning
He isn't the one to be kissy kissy, okay? Trust me what I tell you, in any respect, he's our best friend
Why do you keep saying that?
Because he's part of the movie exchange program we have going here
An integral part
This is George Rodriguez, that's right, 17 years ago we were together and you will sell out to some quizzling like that over a bunch of free movies
Good choice
Oh by the way, what's the one you're sending out? I haven't watched yet that you keep telling me so great raising your...
Raising your zone
She's not in a lot but the parts that she is, she's great
I see
Oh look at that, Fisherman Drowns while trying to rescue a whale
Oh, in that issue
Well, at least the whale still alive anyway, I guess
I don't know, I don't know and I don't care
But this is what makes news in America, okay?
Fisherman Drowns while trying to rescue a whale, what a whale of a guy, huh?
That probably put like a picture of a flipper on his tombstone
Speaking of flipper, I bet you have a lot to see, I don't know what watching those old flipper shows again would look like when he was like 17, 16
I don't watch that, that's bad, he was underage
He was always running around naked, oh hey Sandy
Sandy, flip your magic twine or Sandy and then with these two saying that's the wrong show
It's a good thing you didn't
255 votes, what's your take on the game bowl? See I may tell you a story about how I'm not the same as I am still the same old probert
I don't care what I say, just disregard what I said before
In fact, I think I'm worse than ever to be honest with you
I didn't lay that
I'm sure that that business is good because you think it's only old farts like me that are out there punching their guts
There are some young living and breathing people of all three sexes out there at Woodbine
And Niagara Falls, it falls to you
Whoa, heavy duty man
It is just you better bring some oxygen with it because you're going to be breathing pretty heavy no matter what your persuasion no matter how much you may be getting
It's only I've been a pretty much into work for you. Yeah, you could use them right now
What's your take on the Kenny and Bow morning show on QA and 255 votes?
Either way, here you go again, start us, here you go, instantly
What is the start of from start us to dust this QA?
And Ericko is all what a shame I spent many hours at place
I love to start us, it's imploded on the biggest strip, I'll be damned
From ashes to ashes, from dust to dust to dawn, what I don't know what it's all about
Can I get back to this place?
Never heard of morning show 634, 415 and a half percent
Probably because of all that promotion we're doing for them
Not, it blows to 89 maybe because that's a fact
It's okay 274, that might be a fact, I don't know, I can't listen long enough to find out
I love it only 37, 2.9 percent, loving it
And I think that includes the people on the show voted
And I hate this pool 21 and mere 1.6 percent
So at least we're not generating the usual software that I hate today
That's a plus me, I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour
If your party snacks taste like hell, this year at Christmas serve Jesus of Maserid
Your guests will say, holy cow, when they bite into these sinful-erid streets
And Jesus of Maserid come into variety of flavors, from alapeno to ala luga
Yet the snack he would have liked, and the taste worth praying for, Jesus of Maserid
It's your salvation, this Christians, there's a Jesus of Maserid shop on business loop 80 right next to Chrysler Almighty Motors
Holy cow, a rat
Jesus is doing all that on the tree
Jesus is back in the Him, oh yeah
Jesus is in the Him movie
Jesus is doing all right
No one has been straight in heart
No one has been fucked up
No one has got in the sun
Jesus is doing all right
Oh yeah, Jesus is doing all right
Woohoo, Jesus is doing all right on the tree
Jesus may do a seat well yeah
Jesus makes me feel on TV
Jesus is doing all right
No one has what the critics say
No one has what the critics do
Jesus has a big day
Jesus is doing all right
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Man going to two o'clock, he's actually working today, Jim Manditch, Markie Dunne, and then we've got Hank's Chairman, preview show today baby
Oh no, wait a minute, what just happened?
They changed the skids, oh in other words, Frank Kath is not going to be on today, he's going to be on tomorrow
Okay, that was the change
Because there's an asterisk here or something like that
Well what difference does it make?
Like I said, we want to hear the Humper, not Frank Kath, I don't even know who the hell it is
Who's Frank Kath, Chris?
That'll be the basketball coach for you, University of Miami
Oh my God, well who the hell wants to hear him?
It's a good guy
Is he really?
Yeah
I'll tell you who, now who's the dark-complexed guy who was the previous basketball coach, what was his name?
Leonard Hamilton
Leonard Hamilton
Well, when he was the good one and then the bad one, he was the good one
Can I finish the story please?
I didn't ask you for his biography or for your forgiveness, I had two previous, so
I just got through saying that's the one Leonard Hamilton
But you're so preoccupied, we don't want to go into a whole bunch of stuff about the Keens
Leave that to Clarence, okay?
The Keens, I'm at Miami International once I was coming up here
And I'm waiting for the plane and I go to like the concession stand
And Guy, big, good black guy comes over to me
Neil, I said yeah, I'm Leonard Hamilton, did you just want to know what?
Somebody comes up to me and says Neil, did you?
Hello
Are you listening to me?
Yeah, yeah, what are you going to? Hello, what was that?
That's Chris Hanson in front of the mic open
What do you mean he's in the phone for?
Because someone was paging us
Who was paging the bathroom?
Who was it?
Someone's out at the front desk for George, Glenn or something
Someone's out at the front desk, right?
Not me with drugs, I wouldn't surprise me if I was expecting anyone
Drugs?
Oh, that must be the guy for me and I with a whole bunch of CDs
Oh, all right, go get him
All right, be right back
Okay, because this is about, here's the facts
Sam says
Happy day before wood buying Wednesday
Oh yeah, Tomah could be like, could be a great day or could be a disaster
Because we're off at 12.50 tomorrow means at 1 o'clock
My buddy, my lesbian, he's a terrorist cab driver, he's coming to pick me up at 1
Good, an hour ahead start, I'm losing my ass
I want to find a good machine man
Yesterday it says on the power hour, mad dog and hammer were both in the wonderful WQM studio
And we're saying it's 100 degrees in that joint
Oh boy
Hammer said, this place is unfit for human consumption, it would never pass inspection
No shmit, it says, I immediately thought of poor George and the crew
That freaking place is unacceptable
It says, Neil, if you stay with this rinky-ning corporation, it could kill the crew
Yeah, but the good part for me is I'm not there, see
The air in here is very, I've got two, not just one, but I've got two air purifier things in my apartment here
Maybe that sounds a little bit overkill, but I do, I have, I'm still there
Yeah, I'm still here, I don't think two of them would do the trick in here, I sent Chris out, you know
Oh, good, good, let me
He can use the exercise
It says this may be a great time to take one for the team and jump ship to anywhere else
Well, what are these people talking about Sam? Jump ship
You could also rescue Curtis and bring him back to the full, no offense, Chris
Oh, Curtis, I thought it's Curtis, Curtis
Well, what does that mean, bring him back to the full, but they're sure pick it on poor Chris
You know, it's a good thing he's out of the room, he'd probably be wounded
Oh, he's back, when he hear the guy just took a shot
You could also rescue him, Josh Curtis, bring him back, no offense, Chris
Well, how would he not be offended when you're picking on his poor student?
No, he doesn't
Sam says just make this station would be an un-recoverable tailspin
And the bees that he could bust out with in all day sports music fest in the treetops
Love you Neil U Rock, Sam, please, shameless request for our favorite old Neil
I love the ending when George takes off the underneath Segway Scooter
I don't even know if I ever played that, do I ever play that bit?
You have?
It's good
And now live
Okay, I won't get to it eventually
I don't have time for it right now
Because I want to get back
Well, what are these people talking about?
I'm not going anywhere, I got almost two years left on this deal, okay?
And the 10th and the 25th of every month are very happy days in my life
In fact, the 9th and 24th are very happy days
Because my checks you up a day early
You know, I just want to say this
Okay, and I realize there's a lot of loyal people out there
And I appreciate it and all that stuff
But I want you to come right down to this
And you people that work for a living, which is most of you?
Yeah
Are you working because you love where you work?
Because you think that there's some kind of a job where you're going to be ecstatic
And they're going to treat you phenomenal
Or are you working because you want to survive?
Is it called survival of the dumbest?
Is that what that was all about?
Sure
Survival?
Getting paid
And that's what I'm talking about, getting that money, honey
All this business about what?
Yeah, so technically that play the...
And why do you think I don't want to be in that building?
First of all, I don't want to drive through the rush hour to go there every morning, which is a pain in the ass
Which means you have to get up a hell of a lot earlier than I do here
You know what time I get up here?
What?
About all 747-35
Sweet
Yeah
And I go about all my bodily functions and all my stuff
And I come in here and I check my emails
And go through a bunch of you for you with all that
And then I talk to you for an hour and a half
And then we do this for hours
And I'm sitting here in my boxer shorts
And a son of a shinin' out there
And it's already 50 degrees on the 13th of March
What's that to like?
In a real living and breathing city
With real living and breathing friendly, wonderful, nice people
Who like look at you and like
And they hold the door open for you
And they look at you with a smile
And if you're off the elevator, have a great night, eh?
You too, eh?
So what's this guy?
I'm sure I complained about the technical thing
And we have all kinds of problems that happen here
Because of what's going on down there
But I called around on my hands and ease yesterday
And I'm a show too
And what was wrong with that?
No, that was actually kind of fun
No, it was funny
And it was funny, because if it was fun
Because I actually got the thing working
And I got this thing straight note as you'll see right now
You'll see QAM, hello?
Hey, nearly that morning, so it seems like you've had confirmed
That you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that
you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had a confirm that you've had confirmed that you've had confirmed that you've had подобs that you've had a confirm that you've had a Doctor patent or you've had cheesecake on the side 4. Video clip link helps by Elizabeth
I really think I know you're going to call me crazy on this.
Chris is going to say, boy, you're a crazy person.
I know that.
I think we got an outside shot at 1,500.
I can't remember the last time we ever got 1,500
votes on a poll during the show.
Can you?
No.
You're a crazy person.
Chris is going to say, boy, you're going to carry away old man.
Yeah, carry this.
Carry this away.
I just said an outside shot.
I'm not saying we're going to do it.
But we're going to have a big number there today.
If we could get a big number in the next trend,
we are here on the poll.
This is a good sign.
When we get heavy duty action on our website and on the poll,
that's a good sign.
I mean, somebody's out there.
And hopefully, maybe 5 of them will get a diary for the next trend.
So we don't be dioring over here.
Not good.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
Hey, what's called?
I'm up here in O'Cala.
Well, let's say.
Yeah, he's sitting here at the O'Cala report.
Guess who's playing has been front of me
to take off at the O'Cala airport.
Queen.
No, your buddy, John Travolta, quantized airline.
That's the Boeing.
Yeah, tell him to get his old closet.
Get out of the closet, John.
You and the R-Kelly and Tom Cruise.
Get out of the closet.
Yeah, he's in the closet, all right.
I don't know about that movie.
He just came out.
Kind of looks like a spinker, too.
Yeah, well, he's in it.
But he has big old planes on the tarmac here at the O'Cala.
Well, you say, wait, wait, wait, to that big old plane,
OK, the big old John Travolta, that big old plane.
He's in big old O'Cala.
There were the big, hostile country, man.
He's hostile to him around.
Comment on anyone votes on the pool.
Boy, this is a very stellar day.
See, this is the one thing, because I'm a survivor.
Haven't I told you that?
Yes, you have.
I'm a survivor.
And in spite of the fact that the Titanic's going down,
I'm going to get one of them old, used rubber rats
that George finally with his old family came over on.
To make your mom, it didn't drown on it, by the way.
Well, we run an airplane, but I like to save rubber rats.
Yeah, it's more fun.
Yeah, anybody can be on a plane.
No, that's the Lord boring it.
And if your mother, see if he had been smart,
you'd like punctured a hole on her side of the raft.
And just walked through.
And then he reached out of hand like, oh, mom, mom,
I'm a seep-pay, you know, I'm pretending
you were trying to pull her back.
I'm so old, it's very slipped.
Could have thrown some chum in the water, too,
but I didn't even friend with that.
Yeah, some chum in the water, right?
WQAM, hello.
Now, there's the QM promotions department meeting.
Well, they're trying to whip up a little excitement for,
you know, we certainly don't want to do any TV
or any newspaper or billboards or any kind of tangible
thing like that, because that's somebody might find it.
By the way, Jim Manliss is on 2 to 4 again now.
I have to laugh when Karen steals me.
See, he believes, he really believes this.
And Chris didn't have a very good point about most people,
even if we're sports fans like me.
We don't want to hear people talking about the same little crap.
What is there to say, you know, even if we're
in the middle of football season, if the middle of the NFL
season, what is there to say about it?
You know, how many times can you dissect and chew it up
and spit it out and puk up your guts about the same thing
over and over?
You know what I mean?
100.
100 times.
100,000 I guess.
You know what reminds me a little bit of?
Gimme and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, like that.
And Danny and.
Yeah, that's what it reminds me of.
Like that.
Over and over and don't you understand?
And then the whole problem is because the beastlies have it
and at least Bruce beastlies are a sports nerd.
And of course Greg Reed.
So therefore because he likes it, the audience is going to like it.
And he haven't even bothered to ask the question.
Do you like it?
Say if he would ask that, maybe they got an answer.
No, we don't think so.
Uh-uh.
You stick with it.
It's like if I want to talk about harness racing all day, okay?
Since Clarence is so sports intensive,
anything's we ought to be doing like a lot more sports on it,
sure I guess.
Now that we're kind of like leveling off down to their number,
here's Tampa Bay Downs, horse racing and a Thurbera racing.
12 minutes to the first race in Tampa Bay Downs.
The one is scratched.
And the favorite is the five is six to five.
You know, we can do some of that stuff too.
I mean, we'll be done like a fraction.
Well, I like the point one.
A point one.
I could not cover the cost of the upkeep.
There you go.
I could do a hockey card.
Here you go.
At least midday.
We'll leave gold.
Not 91 on the pool.
I'm telling you, that's a shot.
Clarence ought to be shot.
So this name, so best talent to do this is B.O. Rodgers.
Sports Radio 560.
SUAM.
799.
And our live from Rijel 7, it's the new Roger Show.
I like the ease of the song for the Friday.
The day of time, like the American 5X.
Now, when he guides the line, don't think of King.
This is my favorite karaoke.
Yeah, I love the way that I've been ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since then.
Goka by and by now.
Yeah, I had that with some party crack read through.
Yeah.
The thing I didn't go much of dancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back there from Rijel 7.
I know.
Thank God.
I'm here.
It's all over for you, push, left, stuck on earth.
Yes.
President, no, well, if you're lucky, that crack head is the last bush
to rig an election.
Who's on this line?
WQAM.
Mr. Rodgers, speaking.
I was in the public's argalactica today, sir.
And let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper on the
shipping.
I discovered to my son.
No, is he?
No, it's not.
Rare to know.
The stone's was not too far 99 cents on the contrary.
Got him off.
It was two brake stones for 99 cents.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
I tried to pedal me two brake stones, but I'm priced at two brake stones, cottage
cheese.
When the coupons clearly stated, well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your
toenails.
Now, who's this son?
He's line 7 and 9.
Klingon, penal colony.
Hello.
I forgot into that.
Braytires.
No, okay.
And that note, you know, I got a ring, of course, you hate my contract.
How about a one minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
I'm going to have to pay for the next one.
Oh, hello.
And thank you for calling kidneys.
Taste of the Orient restaurant.
Where every week we preach a different celebrity favorite dish.
You know what I'm in the mood for right now?
Because I just played a little bit of that.
And the mood for Chinese for chinks.
Yeah.
And maybe some food too.
5.67.
5.60.
And the mood for Chinese for chinks.
And maybe some food too.
5.67.
And maybe some food too.
5.67.
And maybe some food too.
I see.
Extremely horny.
The men, the women and the others as well.
1308 on the pool.
If we could get to 1500 day, this would be, it would be on the front of a variety magazine.
It would be like a big billboard.
It would buy near Rogers.
It gets 1500 votes on a pool during the show on a Tuesday and a lesson in the middle of March.
Now the item march is Thursday, right?
For 15.
What is the significance of the item march?
I forget about all that crap.
That's when, according to Shakespeare.
Yes.
That old chrome worn Julius Caesar.
Beware the eyes of March and that's when he was stand.
Oh no.
A.2 Brute.
See you, silly Brute.
And nobody said you silly.
But we know those Romans, man.
They were all about, uh,
Yes.
Well, they were all about everything.
5.670 for well, at least they spread it around a little bit.
5.670560 and 0.560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WNQYM, hello.
Hi.
I'm going to.
WNQYM, hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes sir.
Good afternoon.
I just wanted to point something out.
I didn't know if you had noticed it.
But everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy about this joint cheese guy in the comments he made about homosexuality.
Yes.
And then in the same news, like, oh, we've got George Hitler Walker Bush making a homophobic joke on my just friend giving him mouth to mouth.
And, uh, you know, everybody thinks it's all cute and funny.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, well.
What does George look like?
You know what a bear that means?
What does that mean?
Well, what does that mean?
The media is, the media is retarded and George Bush sucks and, you know, whatever.
Okay, thanks for restating me obvious.
Okay.
1308, it's really great.
I don't know why I'm pushing so much in this pool.
Let's see, who do we split tonight?
I know we got a game.
There's Carla Coli-Akable.
Hey, Carla, those little defenses would be good once in a while.
Okay.
You stink.
He's, he's okay.
It's a good kid.
He means well, but he stinks.
1312 votes on the pool on the Kenny and Bo Mourning show.
See, this is a way of promoting them.
Just like we promoted Mou.
I got those for a Mou never had no one's seven.
Okay.
I mean, he did get down to a one point when he was doing when he stuck on the afternoon between two and four old Mou.
Remember that he had a one point, rhymes with Mou and two to five.
Oh.
And all that other fault of Rol?
It wasn't too good.
And then of course they put that on there.
Oh my god, the stuff that is going on.
And why did they do that?
Because he's Clarice's boyfriend.
Which I didn't even know that after all those years.
Remember that I found that out?
Yep.
Two of them are tighter than a snare drum and hill.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
Hi, Neil. How's everything going?
Everything is great.
You're the sun is shining.
It's a wonderful day.
And paradise.
I always saw the eyes of March and Shakespeare with from March 11th.
March 15th.
Oh, okay.
I'm wrong.
I don't think it's defensive about that.
I'm saying I'll see who the Maya was on the tenth of May, you know?
Right, that's true.
Okay, then.
Okay.
What an educational show.
Yeah.
I guarantee it's Sid Rosenstein, Transberg.
I'm going to be telling you about the eyes of March.
And one thing we're not, oh, there's an arrow there.
To forget about all the other problems in life.
Sports is no more than a diversion.
That's all it is.
There you go.
See, that's the guy who makes his love and talking sports crap.
And he admits it's just a perversion and diversion, all right?
The only problem is that most people in South Florida don't want to be that
they've heard it or perverted.
Although they were probably would rather be doing something, you know, perverted.
Then talking about the game as George always says, the game, you know, or the...
Whatever it is.
Sports saw, I think the anti crisis got something to do with the whole concept of sports talk radio.
Okay.
Intrinsingly evil about it, whatever that means.
Q-I-M-H-R-W-Q-I-M, hello.
A-D-L.
Yes.
I do a lot of maintenance work at Westland Mall, 60 Penny.
Yeah, do you use this same phony voice when you go to those places or what?
No, no, no, no.
I...
I...
I don't blame you.
They have me plugging the holes.
Yeah, I met they do, yeah, huh?
Raccoon, I'm sure I know which one.
He's the one...
He's the old head of that limbo rocket, JC Penny's there.
He keeps crawling under the booth, you know.
He keeps sticking his head out of there to see who's inside to do in their business.
13-14, when he's just a friendly guy, you know, he just wants to shake their hand.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
I love you, do you guys?
I love you.
Oh.
You know, that's the funny part.
Most of what they got on here, if you take Joe Rose out of the mixes they say, you know,
if you take him out of it, they have no broadcasts he was on over there.
They got about to silly people on here.
And they still kicked our ass in the sports segments.
And as a matter of fact, in this last trend during the month of January,
in midday they beat us.
Well, at least 10-3 anyway, 10-2, I'm sure we may have aged them out,
but it was like neck and neck nose to nose with Sid Rosen, no shorts, crans.
That's how bad, that's how the mighty have fallen a Q-M.
And this radio station, basically one of these days,
you're going to turn on 560 and there's going to be nothing there.
Right?
Not a different format, well it is a different format, it's called dead air.
Hey, let me show you, let me give you an example.
How was that?
Well, there's John Connures, I love him.
Poor race, really?
You go, John.
It beats that bastard.
It beats those Nazis, John.
There's a guy with some balls, John Connures.
27 past noon, a Q-M used to be great.
It's just these guys, nick and suds and whatever the heck it is.
And the people that call in, they're just like them,
like that they run the year.
What a call, the weeds and they're high.
And they're high, I mean it's terrible.
The year's that I've been looked at, listening to 610 and Anna's here.
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock.
He sat in the metal just shaking his fist.
That some boys who were down by the brick,
they're feeding the water, their hands on their marbles
and play things and at half past four.
There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces
and white fluffy duck.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children,
so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling reputes and litter
from yesterday's hunt,
while the girl in the metal was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
down by the dark.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country
with a big fence out front.
If he asked her fun lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog
who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands
with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy
so tasty made a butter-scotch.
And then he spread wood cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
It's a 1233.
I think we got a shot on this.
I'm trying to do the math.
You know what?
It's the pool thing here today.
It's not a big deal.
It is to me.
It's an ego thing.
That's what I have an ego.
But maybe I'll work on it in my old age.
What would you like to have, Neil, before you croak?
How about an ego would be good?
Because after 31 years in this market of being knocked down
and stepped on and road blocks play a put in your place,
how much can an ego can you have?
Working with a bunch of dunderhead.
Medium hot?
No, medium low.
I did not leave the stove on again last night.
It would be pleased to see I earned my lesson.
That's good.
Didn't leave the stove on again last night.
Nice going, Neil.
See you now to see how the George Stock closed.
1326 on the pool.
Which means we got, let's see, we got an hour and 26 minutes
and 86 minutes.
And we'd need 100.
Oh, I think we can do it.
Chris doesn't believe me, do you?
Let's see the Neil Rogers audience.
Would you listen to me?
Ask not what Neil Rogers can do for you.
The legendary Neil Lettuce.
Ask what you could do for your legendary talk host.
Hop on that pool and vote until your hands bleed.
Vote until your keyboard starts bleeding.
How do you like that?
That's a hard time dramatic enough for what?
From this old drama queen.
1327.
See, I don't like that expression, but you know something that fit.
If I look in the mirror, I see a reflection of the expression drama queen.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's not good.
And you should be beating me up about that.
You should be screaming to me.
What else wrong with you, idiot?
That's just me, you know.
I mean, well, we love you.
It's all what you said last hour.
I'll change my mind.
Maybe it's the fumes.
Is that what it is?
Or is it the...
Or is it the next hour?
Is it the idea I might send some money to Josh Cordes tonight, you guys?
Is that it?
What am I going to send you money for?
I'm fine.
If...
Well, even if you were to find, what am I sending you money for?
You like me?
Mm.
Not that much.
What?
What's your take on the Kenny and the Bo Mourning Show on QM1330?
Oh, this is so exciting, man.
This is better than having wild hemorrhoids.
We need 170 votes.
Let's do the math.
I hate that expression.
This is perfect.
85 minutes, and we need 170.
That's two a minute.
It's not what I always say about two votes a minute, which isn't really very much.
You know, they should be coming in in big chunks.
Now that I've called on the audience, called on the trips 1332s, see, there's a pair.
There's a big UC pair.
1332.
Grab them if you can.
What's your take on the Kenny and the Bo Mourning Show on QM?
Never heard it?
677.
That's almost 51%.
That's not good.
That means they need some help and more is than one.
So now we know that toast is the one behind an awful square table, round table,
all I stick the around hole in your square peg.
Jesus, God.
It blows 306.
It's okay to 87.
I love it only 40.
Only 3% of the new Roger Show love the Kenny and Bo Mourning Show.
We need to have a lot more love.
Okay?
So all that love you were just professing for me.
Save it for the morning show.
Of course you can't love it unless you listen to it.
And you won't.
Well, you won't.
No.
And I hate this pool 20.
I need to with anybody else.
22.1.6%.
Out of 1300, let's see.
I'm going to refresh it again.
I click that baby.
1340.
You see the way that came in?
Eight votes just came in like just like that.
Like magic.
Like, a-ah!
Oh, brother.
The excitement is almost like psychosexual and so phenomenal,
whatever that means.
It's like psychosomatic.
Just start saying a lot.
That's what I'm going to start doing.
Just saying a lot of words and play a lot of music.
Yeah.
That's a new format here, okay?
Can't do any worse than sports talk.
So what do you think about the game last night, George?
The game.
Is he going to be about the game?
I didn't play any last night.
Well, I don't know.
Somebody get in the show.
I'm not sitting down a sliding wheel.
Won't hold sound.
Now I'll tell you about sports sickness.
Here we go on Leafs TV.
We're watching, we're watching the Leafs practice right now
through your Canada center.
There he is.
Didn't that, it's into that.
I'll ride.
Nice going, baby.
Of course it was no good.
It was very easy or anybody else.
But that's okay.
But so this one's going to last two, I've tried to five feet wide.
Well, that's why the Leafs keep losing.
But anyway.
It's rather not going to make the play off.
There's Darcy Tucker.
There's the man.
You and the man Darcy, number 16 in your heart.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?
Well, when I'm in coherent,
like on a day like today, this is when this show kicks big,
pimply, bloody ass.
Make no mistake about it.
When I'm in coherent, when I'm like,
move it and I have no reason to be.
I don't know.
Maybe it's the hangover from most of those numbers last Friday.
Or maybe it's Karen's coming in this morning and admitting to me
that he hasn't got the first through how to find first base
with both hands and some assistance from you.
And all those other boyfriends in the building.
You know, see this is the thing.
You know he's got to have the naked pictures because he's got
Joyce in his life pocket.
He's got Joe Bell in his right pocket.
And I'm afraid to ask what's in between those two pockets.
I don't think too much.
Remember that day I told you I was,
he came in the studio and he was like,
how do I say this delicately?
Okay, but adjusting his package in a very overt way as I was sitting out.
I don't know what he was trying to get me like all whipped up.
I mean, believe me, Karen, say nothing you can do that's going to get me excited.
Okay? Trust me when I tell you.
I think I think I'd file a sexual harassment suit against him.
Can you even believe that?
Somebody that looks like him.
Maybe I figured it wouldn't matter, you know.
I think what he was doing was like a one man search party is what he was doing.
And he had kind of a look of consternation on his face like,
oh jeez, unsuccessful search.
Start again.
21 till...
You almost think the gas fumes were in here, wouldn't you?
Oh, it could only help.
Yeah, I can't right now.
We could be on the same level.
Now is the air conditioning on the air?
What? Because Hank was bitching the other day about how it was 180 degrees in there.
Yeah.
And of course the reason for that is they have to keep turning the AC off because the fumes are so bad.
And then it's like how do you want to die poison gas or heat stroke?
Wow.
How about a combination of all of these things?
1347.
Now let me see, let me do the math on this.
153 and we got 81 minutes.
Oh, I think we're starting to take a little move on the upside.
See that?
The ratio is starting to give a little bit better in our favor.
Let's watch the least practice here.
Practice makes perfect boy and they are perfect losers.
Who are they playing tonight?
They're all trying to go to Washington.
No, I'll wait a minute.
I don't know who they're playing.
I don't really care.
We'll be together.
We'll be together in the street.
Absolutely.
Huh?
I'm dying on the air.
You fairy.
Can't believe the language I hear all teary.
Every other word is an obscenity.
Incuse to be the cable was a whole lot worse.
But now the networks let their act as curse.
There's a wedding sites of this obscenity.
All the dialogue can take for vanity.
Swearing like a sailor on a free day pass.
Words a whole lot worse than an apple.
Back to them.
Apple, Apple, how will it be?
It's for the drop the apple on that word TV.
Apple, Apple, there's no telling where.
They'll drop one on the U.K.A.
I can't wait for that.
Let's promote it a week ahead of time.
You know what?
Really, I find extraordinarily offensive.
I mentioned this the other day.
I'm watching all those Godfather things on spike.
Yeah.
And even on a cable now they're bleeping words.
Because the fascist government and the FCC
have got everybody so panicking now that even the cable channels
are bleeping the words out.
It really just frosts my fat ass.
How come I don't hear anything?
What do you want to hear?
This.
Oh.
Can you give your loyalty to a Jew before you unblood?
Frankie.
Come on Frankie.
You know my father did business with Ivan Roth.
He respected him.
But you father never trusted Ivan Roth.
I'm going to stay in messenger boy.
Tommy, you're a lot.
I don't know what it is about that.
But you know me, I get on these kicks every now and then.
That's all right.
We all do.
That's a good thing.
I'm going to be out.
I'm going to be a great heat pentangially kick.
And I just love that stuff, man.
I just love it.
See, now the next time that's on, I'm going to definitely just
like I got you that little Richard thing.
And I don't think you're going to say, hey, me credit for that.
You got it.
You want to learn that thing?
I'm going to be a great man.
I love me.
Somebody love me.
And then there's, wow, look out.
Look out.
Look out.
That's what we were missing.
Because luckily I had this tape rolling and that spot, that guy
got a spot showed up right in the middle of the odd father part
too.
And there it was.
And I had a green and pristine right from this old queen.
And then the George dropped his spleen right in the bowl.
Oh, man.
That's another story.
But next time when I got father to his aunt, I want to get the part
where they're in the Senate hearings, you know.
And we have a sworn statement from you that, you know, Michael
Croyley on the bottom.
This guy's from the FBI.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I said, Michael Croyley, I need this.
Michael Croyley, I need that.
That I said, yeah.
Sure.
If that isn't one of the great scenes in the history of the human race, forget
about even movies, just in life in general.
Yeah, sure.
He's beautiful.
We love you, Frankie.
Okay, Frankie five angels.
I get out the razor blade and still your wrists.
WDQ-AN, hello.
Hey, pal.
Yes, pal.
Hi, Molly.
Yeah, listen, I'm the one who made the mistake yesterday.
And it's a junior senator, not a junior commencement.
I will apologize for that.
Yeah, get with it, man.
It was embarrassing.
It was.
I'm sorry.
Now, he's like, I said, you've got some great ideas.
But what I'm trying to say is, what are you trying to say?
What I'm trying to say is, what are you trying to say?
Do you think that, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Do you think is not saying something?
That's a question.
Okay, let me rephrase that.
Please.
I don't believe that the people will understand what he's saying is what needs to be done to this country.
That way.
Well, we need some negative about.
He's great.
He's dynamic, man.
He's a great orator.
Let me tell you right now.
Okay, mark this down on your arm in Invellable Inc.
Okay, Barack Obama is your next president.
Okay, just remember was the 13th of March, 2007, 1248 PM, that old Neil God told you.
The legendary Neil God told you that Barack Obama is your next president.
Then I don't give a crap how, you know, whether they do a test to see if his skin is over a five on Richter scale, how dark it is, how light it is, I don't care.
You'll see.
Okay.
He's going to set this country on fire, baby, or at least your country.
There's Paul Maurice, same Paul, come here, team sucks with it.
Do you want to guess what, instead of Paul Moss was on the ice?
Come on, it's Cabo Label.
He's like, he's on queer street right now.
He got his clock clean, whatever it had that means.
Well, I don't want to go there.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering if we could inquire as to George's Avertime Pissarial.
WQAM, hello.
Chris.
Yeah, Chris, be quick.
You're fairy.
WQAM, hello.
You got hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm a little light scared for what I was going out and he was perfect standing.
I'm thinking of all these people sitting there making all that jackass cocks up like, what the hell goes on and stop Florida, man.
Beautiful girl, you should be out enjoying the day and stuff, and there's this jack falling around.
Do you know?
And that's just how Florida, man.
You got to get out and do.
Get you to the...
I'm out, man.
I ain't coming back in.
I wanted to see the first I get out, and I'm not getting lucky to Godfather.
I'm not going to say, oh, and how they dragged me back in.
Like Michael said, and Godfather, three.
Just when I thought I was out, and they dragged me back in or whatever the hell he said.
They pulled me back in.
What do you say?
He said something like that.
Nobody said...
I don't want to go down.
I don't want to go down.
I don't want to go down.
I don't want to go down.
I don't want to go down.
There you go.
You tell him, Frankie.
He said basically that the Corleone is a bunch of stumps, whatever that means.
And then we said it, bunch of stugotsis.
WDQ, why am hello?
He's my head.
He's sitting there.
What is it?
Now.
Yeah.
Thank God, he's answering.
Stay here.
We're happier on here.
I'm smoking one down here and I'll have to beat side for you.
All right.
Have a great day, pal.
Okay.
Smokin' for everybody in the room.
A big fat one.
And roll it up in a hero, man.
It'll ride your brain.
WDQ, why am hello?
Nail.
Yes.
I have to disagree with you.
And not that I want to.
What about you?
How could you possibly disagree with anything from the legend or anything?
Go ahead.
Your statement to the Barack Obama could be the next president.
No, I saw you're in town of your opinion.
That's my opinion.
Wait a minute.
Let's just say you're peace.
Yeah.
But let me just tell you one thing.
I know it's really revolutionary.
And that is they pay me to give my opinions, not somebody else's.
But that's my opinion.
Go ahead.
No, no.
I don't disagree with your opinion.
I'm saying, and I think your opinion should be the majority and I would like to see it happen.
But the American country is like so white-wred still.
Guess your coast or your pump-and-n-n-rives and variety.
But the majority of the hot end of America at this time will not vote for a black man.
Or a woman for president.
He has a voice.
Wrong.
I don't mind.
I think from market research, I would dare that out.
Because when you sent me from market research in the last polls, they've done Obama beat both Giuliani and McCain.
So I don't know what you're what market research you're looking at.
The black market.
I think the Republicans have got some food out there right now.
But I'm simply saying when it comes down to the point, you're going to find out that that heartland of America is not going to want to let the man or woman.
You're not talking about the heartland of America.
You're talking about the red states, the red next states is what you're talking about.
Well, we'll see because one thing we'll discover is there's a lot of dark folks in in red states.
You know, like Mississippi and Alabama and all in places.
A lot of dark folks are not going to come out and vote like two or three times.
You'll see.
Now, I've got some bad news though.
Oh.
Well, no, we were really on a roll here.
The votes were coming in in Trump's to try to get us over 1,500 today, which would be revolutionary.
Even George Washington would be impressed by this.
He probably pulled out his wooden teeth.
But we're stuck on 1359 and we just can't do it.
We were rolling along in the way that the clock is ticking, ticking, ticking.
I mean, one of these moments it's going to be two o'clock and we're going to be out of here.
Now that we're upset, we're stuck and can't get off.
That's right.
Can't get off the 1359 mark.
I think it's Eric's fault.
Eric must be poaching around with our thing holding back a whole big...
Oh, 1360.
They're coming by the ones now.
They're not going to cut it.
We need another 140 votes in 68 minutes.
Now we're on the downside.
I mean, it's pretty close of that two-per-minute ratio.
You put it...
Listen, we don't ask for much on this show.
It's one thing about me.
It's like me in life.
I don't ask much from anybody.
You know, that's just the way I am.
I'm a giver, not a taker.
I don't ask for much.
And the same thing on this show.
We ask for very little.
Just fill us out in your adiorees.
You know, and listen, I hell of a lot.
Thank you very much.
Tell the world because we get no promotion.
We get no publicity.
And you know, that's another thing.
I haven't said much about that, but it's true.
And I don't know if you're aware of this, but you know, like in a heat program,
and the different ads that they run like at the macaroon in different places.
They don't even mention this show.
I don't even know if you're aware of it.
All they do is promote this sports show.
Let's see it all the time.
Well, listen, that lovely.
It's like we don't even exist.
This is the anchor, baby, and the anchor is going down to the bottom right along with the rest of the Titanic
from the looks of this live trend.
This is the anchor in this radio station.
It's been for over nine years.
We don't even get a mention.
That's the kind of a consideration we get, huh?
I think we need to see Michael Corleone.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
I'm a pro at the end of the world.
Whenever I find friends on my face, I make a yummy sound.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood.
And I shake it up with a churn in the pound of wood souls are needle in and old rotten
Things are needle in and old pueden just watching.
And on their toes everything I say may be more stolen photographs.
Lord telling the últim overarching story me all,
If you'll helped, a graceful and bonnets bow!
I'm now in the database of the NSA.
Along with my friends with Holy Name.
XO-H-O-L-O-L-O-L-O-L.
Okay, I think we got a shot, baby.
We made it to ballparking.
Chris, at that point, when we get to post at Jewelfly,
it'll be a apologize.
And the humpro was just in the Scoody, there we had a little verbal in the course.
I didn't hear most of what he said, though, because you had the other thing cranked up there.
A lot of people didn't realize it.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
I'm saying I couldn't hear most of what he was saying, because the spot was so freaking loud,
and he didn't shut it off till the very ass end there.
Somebody told me some interesting stuff, and he's kicking ass into him great,
and I told him I lost a little bit of weight, and everybody's happy,
and the paychecks are clear and on time.
And then that's all we care about at this advanced stage.
1391, which is great, but we're stuck on that again.
Well, what is going on here, man?
I think you're right.
I think Eric is stuck his finger in the dike, or something.
Is that what you do when you go to Amsterdam?
1391.
And it's just not moving.
You know, they should be coming in and comps, so we get to 14,
and then you've got a chance at 15, but you've got to get to 14 first.
You know, it's like Count and Trace, Quattor, Quincey, whatever, Quincey.
Remember John Quincey Adams?
So is that his name?
No, it wasn't him.
John Quincey Adams.
1392, so they're coming in by the ones, and I was opposed to Big Chunks.
You people are going to let us down, Arya.
Oh, that would be bad, man.
That would be like, I was, see how I probably shouldn't have started this,
or get carried away.
Being the emotional cripple and basket case that I am, I shouldn't have done that.
Oh well.
Well, you know, when we had like a real legitimate chance at it,
and I was still stuck there at 1392, I mean, in three minutes we've had one vote,
and we're going to get to 1500, I think Chris has got a good point.
Not with this stiff crowd we got.
Well, you know, we do the best we can.
Five, like I said, our goal is 14 votes.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm going to get to the top of the list.
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
I'm sure you've read these nutritional cracks who are always telling you,
you know what I'm saying?
Reload it.
You know what I'm saying?
Huh?
Reload it.
Reload what?
The page.
Oh, what is that?
1460 Old Bean,
said the Old Queen,
who's getting a little mean, 1460.
There's a little mean from what I mean.
Let me do the math.
Yeah, I'm eating some lean cuisine.
Oh, that stuff is so bad.
84 votes we need in 52 minutes.
Now that should be,
now that's not even,
that's like one and a half a minute.
If we can't get one and a half like it,
all you midgits out there have the midgits star voting at counts as a half, you know?
All you midgits?
I wish I had a tape recorder back in those days
for I could have taped some of my grandmother's wonderful expressions, you know?
Like, shikuruza gooey for example.
That's a nice one.
Or when?
Yeah, shikuruza gooey.
Meaning all non-juuz are drunks.
Watching you know a little on the bigger that side,
but what do you expect?
He's an old lady, man,
with heartening of the arteries.
1417 votes on the poll here. If we get to 1500 man, then you're going to see Joe Bell
and the hallways smiling and dancing and the grab and ask probably his own and believe
me it's a big target. 5.6705.6505.650 and leave a residence in the right of the sign.
Now we got to get the phone. We don't care about the phone. Okay, like I said, I got plenty
of stuff here. I should get back to my pile. You know something the phone is pretty good
today. I'm not saying anything had anybody memorable to say, but when hell's that going
to happen? But it was actually pretty good wasn't it? It was just fine. It was fine as
DIY and it was nice. In fact, to show you how enthusiastic about the way this vote is
going, I would even go to the I say was very nice. Very nice. Now is that going to be my
package when I go down there, get it two o'clock? No, that's in the next one. You got
a cheese Louise. I got to check out a watch raising your Arizona. What's it about? Is there
something like some hot young make a guy or what? No. Oh, who the hell wants to see that
then? I know the movie is that. It's a comedy. It's a comedy. It's a comedy. It's a
rye. And Frances McDormand's in. She's great. She is my favorite. I'm not saying she's
new. I mean, she's been around a while. I'm warning you. She's not into a lot, but what
she is is great. And Nicholas Cage is tolerable. Oh, Nicholas Cage. That's why I was trying
to think of before. Oh, gee, I'm so sorry. I hate it. I hate it too. Maybe even more
than you, but this is one of two movies that he belongs. It's in a kid and holy
hand. It's just got there. Man, 14 26 pick up sticks. How do you like that? Wow. 14 26
and Chris, I'm going to tell you you're going to be eaten crow. Remember the crow that Tammy
was trying to feed George last week with that long thing? Yeah. I got to play Old Neil
again this time. By the way, I promised your close personal friend at the Chris and maybe
if I played again, he'll send his girlfriend in there, whatever she is. He's threatening.
He's promising he's going to do that. Bring you guys lunch. Good. Regular gasoline prices
have jumped as much as 40 cents a gallon since the beginning of last month at South Florida
stations and analysts have divided how about how high bill go? How high can they get? It's
like asking how high can George get? I'm not talking about smoking a wiki. We I'm just
talking about from the fumes and events. Maybe that's what they're trying to do is save
some money. Try county consumers seeing the highest pump prices in September are feeding
the pinch. They're pinching it, baby. I don't understand why all of a sudden the gas prices
are going up said tomorrow cook 43 of world Palm Beach who juggles their skates and make
sure her three daughters arrive at volleyball games and practices. You don't want your
kids to stop playing just because it cost you more for them to get them there. Whatever
that means. Typically gas prices are lower in the spring until the man picks up after
Memorial Day, which signals the start of the summer's diving season when they really want
to rape the public and they do a wonderful job. All those ragheads over there. The
Saudis and freaking Saudis. Remember that scene in network time Hagen is standing there
and they were watching Howard Beel on the air and he's talking about how we want he
wants the White House knee deep and telegrams and the Saudi deal must stop now. Remember that
he's screaming the on and the poor time Hagen man. Not time Hagen. What's his name in
the movie? Frank Hackett. Right. A man named Frank Hackett is sitting in the office
where Mr. Ruddy used to be. Anyway, it says nation-wide pump prices rose 20 cents in
the past to each from the average 255 a gallon to 75 in Boka and Lantana. Monday was 240
a gallon in a Miami gardens. It's going up and up and up and you know what? Low use
to say about gang rape is funny. So I hope you're enjoying it. Okay. Now let me before
the break click this baby again so I can see how much I need to goose these people. Everybody
okay? Get ready. Watch yourself. I'm going to go to goose the audience. 1429. They're
coming in by the one. I was the with your god from a spooker.
And our life from Rijel 7. It's the new Roger Show.
I like who he's open song for get ready. The idea of time likely about a good buy thing.
Now with the guys so I don't see.
This is my favorite.
I love the way that I've been ended. The bitch haven't been the same since.
Sir. Boka. I'm dying. I know. I know. I know. With some party. Greg.
Read through. Yeah. But then I didn't go.
Roger. Dancing. Of course. It's not easy flying back there from
Rijel 7. I know. Thank God. I feel good. I'm here. It's all over for you.
Push left. Stop. I know. President. Oh well. Well if you're lucky that crack head is the last
bus to rig an election. Who's on this line? The week you are Mr. Rogers speaking.
I was in the public sugarlactica today. Sir. And let me tell you the clip out
coupons in Thursday's paper are the sheeping. I discovered to my son.
Oh no. This is yours.
Yes. I know.
The stone was not too for 99 cents on the contrary. Got him off.
It was two brake stones for 99 cents. Now I don't know about you. That's right.
It's right to pedal me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones cottage cheese
when the coupon clearly stated. Well use the cottage cheese that's growing in your
tone. Who's this line 7 and 9? Click on penal colony. Hello. I forgot into that.
Three tires. No. Okay. I'm not. No. I got to renegotiate my contract.
About a one minute show. Huh? You can fill the other three minutes. That's right.
It's for all country behind his next. George. Bye.
I'm going to make up for lost time. I request 1441 votes. We're going to make it.
I think not a one minute show, but just a few seconds. 30 seconds show.
Man, it would be power packed. I guarantee you that. Everybody would be tuning in.
Once the old man is going to say this half minute today. I like that. You know.
Something like that. 1441. So you do the man. Oh, and I just do want to do this
speaking of my space since Christopher's on air and you know running the show.
No, that's okay. I have no problem because that's a good bit. Even you like it.
You don't like much of anything. But there's a guy named Paul and is also this Italian
lady. I hate to break the news to you. But you know, what's it like Tupperware people sell
on all these other scams again? What is the deal with this victorious secret?
If you think I'm the overpriced. No, but I'm just saying if you think I want to approve this graph
and this Paul guy, he's got all these different scams. He wants me to think he's going to
advertise them on my site. Forget about it. Maybe delete, delete, delete.
You know, I mean, if I've got some post personal friend on there that wants to put
something on fine. I have no problem with that at all. I enjoy doing that as a
favor. No problem. But when it's some stranger like Paul, it's possible that he got hacked
also. What do you mean by that? Spammers will hack people's accounts and then send
out spam from their account. Get out of here. This Paul guy has been trying to get
more crap on there than Carter's got pills. That's probably the case. I'm just
saying that. Do you even know the guy you're making excuse you letting him off the hook
for all times? Anybody off the hook for all times? I'm just saying that they think that
happens. Well, I don't care who it's from. Just quit with the victorious secret.
Okay. Sounds like some kind of a douche to me. It doesn't it?
Forty. Sounds like a bag. You better watch your peas in cuisines. I'm going to say
you right now. Yeah, watch my elemental peas. 1449. Yeah, peas. What?
I don't know. Like if you go to a restaurant and you say I'll have the vegetable in turns
out to be pee. Meal. Meal. All along my relatives used to say they're
ain't nothing like a good pee. But anyway, 1449 votes on the pool. We got 40 minutes,
39 minutes and we need we got four to what I just say 1451. So you figured a
ratio. Baby, we need 49 votes in 39 minutes. A no-drainer man should be able to do
that easy. Like follow up a log. There's another stupid expression. All at least I
understand that one. Now, I'm remembering deliverance. Now, wasn't it wasn't
a Ronnie Cox that they found with his head kind of like turned around ass around
back where it was. It was a Zarm was all a skew. Yeah, his arm was like around his
well, maybe he was just like having love with himself or something. Yeah, he has
arm around himself. What's wrong with hugging himself? Yeah, he's giving
himself a hug. Everybody can use a big hug now. And I get my hugs online.
You know, I get like a nice and then that's sweet. I love that. Well, when I
attend the other day, nothing wrong with that. No reach out and hug your old
man and one like hell 1451. Let me see the and Chris is sitting there thinking,
oh, I can't believe this is happening. That was your thinking. I want to know your
thoughts right now. No punches. Pooed man. No punches. Pooed. I'm not ready for this.
1500 after kissing a ring finger. I don't want you anywhere near me. Okay.
Do you trust me when I tell you? I like it. You're a good guy. You do a fine
job. You're never stole afraid train, but I don't want it to be anywhere near
you when you have kissy kissy on your mind. I'm sure they're gonna be
angry more. Yeah, trust me or anything even close. I wouldn't even give you
a kiss on a cheek. Maybe long distance. There you go. That's all you're getting.
1454. Now what do you say? No, were you 1455? See, they're trickling,
trickling, trickling, trickling. It's like a leaky faucet, baby. It's like a
leaky ferro faucet. Well, I was that was a really traumatic movie. The one where
she was that the burning bed where the guy had a head. I don't think it was. Well,
that's the scary creepy wall. I don't know. I mean, it was where the guy had
her. And she she put it in the fireplace. That's right. I think so. That's a
really scary guy. Google and find out what the actor's name is that played that
guy. He's a good actor. nasty looking thing. He had poor ferro all like a
terrified there. 1456 pick up sticks and wow. We need 44 votes in 37 minutes.
That's barely more than one a minute. And on this legendary show, you think we're
not going to do that Chris, huh? Huh? Yeah, we'll do it. We'll do it. And what
was this guy saying before earlier when I said, let's shoot for 15? He's, oh,
what you say? You faddle ferro. You're not going to do that. 1500 will be
four to a clock. You must be dreaming, especially with a dwindling vanishing
disappearing QAM audience. You think you're going to put 1500 votes on that
thing over there and get Joel Feinberg all bent out of shape. He might
away. Joel, it's a fluke. Wait till we get the numbers back. Paul Lamatt. That's
a guy played what's his name? Mickey News. We might be talking about two different movies.
I think so. I'm trying to find the one that we're both thinking of that is not the
burning bet where he kidnapped her. Well, she kidnapped him. Well, in the end,
she did. She kidnapped him and she put him inside the fireplace right. And he
terrified him and tore his eyes and everything. That's right. That's the one. I love that.
Extremities. That's the one. Extremities. Well, don't start saying things like that.
QAM. Hello. Gail Gansso. Yes, sir. Raising Arizona is one of my favorite movies.
It's the only movie Nicholas Cage has ever been in. It's worth anything.
Overlook it, then. I'll for Teddy's out there. Yeah, it's excellent. It's that I look
forward to hearing you. Your. I think I'm going to watch it later today. Do it.
Okay. Thanks, pal. 1460, baby. Oh, yeah, I could feel it. My knee cast.
I'm going to put my blackberry right between my knees and put it in a high
vibrate. Oh, go let that thing slide, baby. 1462. 1462. Even Chris
different Columbus. There was 30 years before he set sail for the new world.
And then he founded and then he found Walmart and turned around and went back.
1463. How do you like that? Chris. The fur Columbus. Got a lot of
Chris is going here. We got Chris on the Myspace. We got Chris at a room with
him. We got Chris the fur Columbus, the Jewish Savior. And there's that general
pace with his dough and ass don't tell you. Faggot you. Yeah, anybody's all worried
about everybody else's tanky spanky. That's the faggot. Let me take it right
now. Take it from an old fag. I know it. Anybody that's pointing a finger at
all worried about who's putting what part where and doing this and that and feeling
a little erotic about it. That's the fairy right there. Believe me, general pace.
You're fair. Trust me. You might have coin. You book out. I don't want to.
Excuse me. Book out. That's even worse because that has to do with.
I don't want to say it. 1464. I'm turning. I'm getting my head is swimming.
I'm not getting emotional from all this with a 1500. I might as well do this.
Don't let me forget to do this again. I'm leaving my pile there. I got a really good
pull from Charlie B for tomorrow. Two year. Love it. BSO deputies will conduct a
traffic checkpoint operation tomorrow from 9 p.m. to midnight in the 3,900 block
of Northwest 21st Street, Monterey, a lakes. Now, if you're not in that area,
this probably is not all that interesting to you. But maybe we got one or two people
out there going to be a lot of their lakes or at least avoided the item in the
night tomorrow night vehicles will be instructed for defective safety equipment
orders to be asked to show their drivers license regulation proof of insurance
and maybe the little peek at your goods to what you got, you know, like that.
The information is publishing compliance with that Supreme Court ruling mandate in
prior announcement of the Selective Enforcement Force activities. Tomorrow night,
9 p.m. at midnight 39th block of Northwest 21st Street in a lot of their lakes
a place I don't want to be anywhere near. Trust me. I don't even know where to
be. I guess I do. I don't even know where it is. Like by Lauderdale lakes.
Over a year, over Yonder. Right right over there. Oh, I'm not going to share.
126 a.m. Like it. You like it. You like it. No.
What would you do when I hear some more Jews will you back off and give me your land?
Oi! Let me out and I'll sing you a song and I'll steal from you all that I can.
Oh, I can't use the little help from my friends. I'm back news with the little help from my friends.
I can't use the little help from my friends.
What do I do when I blow? Jews away. Oh, you love this fellow flesh and bone. Oh, yes, I do.
I hope many die by being the pt. As long as that tip is not your own. Oh, no!
I hear Jews with the little help from my friends. Oh, my bad news with the little help from my friends.
Do you need anybody? I need somebody who care. Could anybody?
A Jew, woman or kids in the bears. Would you take land and then give a bit fire?
I hope many have liked the Elgrim. This is crap all the time.
Could you have peace with me?
I won't stop until the land is all mine. Oh, I can't use the little help from my friends.
I'm back news with the little help from my friends. Oh, I can't use the little help from my friends.
Yes, I'll kill you with the little help from my friends.
With the little help from my friends.
I can't go through. It sounds like the old Indian movie.
You remember that? In the cowboy and Indian movies, I'm sure you do.
Nope. And I enjoy doing that too. That was their number one hobby as well.
Kill some people. Right. That seems to be the world's... that's the way of the world, man.
Find an excuse. It's the religious thing. It's the... I don't like that head dress you're wearing.
I don't like the bow and arrow. I don't like the way you smell. Whatever.
I don't like the fact you're using body wash. I don't like who you're sleeping with.
Let's kill some people, man. That's the way that... not just the American way. That's the history of mankind.
Don't start getting too philosophical. You won't get to 1500.
Now, let's see. 1477, the man is refreshing it. This is going to be a 1479.
We have 27 minutes for 21 votes. That's less than one of the minute boys and girls and all the shifts at sea.
That's what H.V. Keltenborn used to say. I think I'm actually chicken I remember him.
All right. That's not who used to say that. Was that Edward Armero said that?
No. You guys can think. Gabriel Hear maybe said that.
Good evening, Mr. and Mrs. American, all the shifts at sea. I think it was Gabriel Hear.
I don't know and I don't care. And the fact that I know that means I'm way too old to be... whatever.
1480, baby. 1480. Maybe. Just maybe. Because I have this story about Halibut.
I guess I'll do the story. And then we'll start counting it down.
And what are we going to do when it gets to be like 1500?
How are we going to do then?
Leave. You got to have a party? No, I'm going to leave.
It's not a party on the size of my kneecap. That's about as close as I get anymore.
1480, man. A key U.S. Senator is calling on the Treasury Department to ensure that a controversial,
it's used and based multinational corporation, Halibutton, is not benefiting financially from the move of its headquarters to the Middle East.
According to a release advance to raw story. It's pretty raw, baby. How raw is it? Let me tell you.
Senator Frank Loughtenberg, Democrat of New Jersey, says the release Halibutton is going to extraordinary lengths in the past to do business with a terrorist government in Iran.
Saying recent Treasury investigation to the multinational's business dealings with Tehran.
The company's odd announcement that we certainly set off alarm bills about its intention to business with state spouses of terrorism when it comes to Halibutton, we can't trust and we need to verify.
The company announced its plan to relocate its headquarters to the United Arab Emirates on Sunday.
Halibut and Chief David Lossar praised the move as it would help the company focus on the Middle East calling it the seat of our operations and the seat.
Elsewhere, Senator Swillary Clinton likely 2008 candidate also, what does that mean? Like they candidate? What does that mean?
Also, we should have a statement in response to the Halibutton announcement. I think that raises a lot of serious issues we have to look at to the former First Lady.
Does this mean that they're going to quit paying taxes in America? They're going to take all the advantage of our company but not pay their fair share of taxes? She'd be asking? You go, Hillary, you go boy.
She continued, they gave a lot of government contracts. Is this going to affect the investigations that are going on? Because we have a lot of evidence of misuse of government contracts and how they've cheated the American soldiers and cheated the American taxpayer, meaning Halibut and meaning Dick Cheney.
They've taken the money and not provided the services to the business. This means we won't be able to pursue these investigations. So, while we said she warned, I think we're going to be looking into that and warging them, she said.
I got news for you, Swallow. You couldn't lick Barack Obama's ass if you paid him by the inch, by the ass.
Now you want to hear tomorrow's poll before I get back on this thing.
Oh, you know something, I'm going to miss the, oh, 1489. I've got you a lot of, that was just, Columbus was just putting all the animals there on the ark.
1489, what's your take on the Kenny and Beaumourne show on QM? Why don't I read the poll until we get to 1590?
1490, but we're almost to a 1492, man. Time to set sail on the mint of the pinta and the scent of marinta.
My teacher's name, by the way, was Edith Helfer. Isn't that amazing how close that was to my real last name?
Yeah, that's very close. She hated me. I hated her. And she knew I hated her. Old bag, nasty old bike.
In fact, I don't know any more whether the teachers in school, old dykes, you know, that's what I used to get.
It was always missed this and missed that, you know, and they were like 75 years old.
Miss, oh, she's an old mate. No, in other words, she's an old dyke, is what they were trying to say.
Miss Lions and Miss Del Prince and whatever. I had some good teachers though.
Kermit, who any of them were, I had Miss Mrs. Van Fleet. She was a Mrs. She was a lady.
1490, baby, on that pool. Anyway, here's the pool I'm going to use for tomorrow from Charles B.
Thank you, Charlie. You're making life a lot easier for this old queen. Let me tell you that.
I must have like 50 different pools. Not all from him. Thanks to anybody who sends in the pool ideas.
Because George and I hate having to rack our brains as, you know, and they're too much to rack anymore.
All of everybody likes a good rack, but nevertheless, you know what I'm really not that crazy about is like rack a lamb.
I don't like lamb. I don't like lamb either. Though at Duck and Lamb, we agree on that.
I mean, George, after all these years, we need to ground something. No duck, no lamb. All of a sudden, he is on the lamb.
The most embarrassing bodily function odor abnormality that could happen to me with other people around is,
this is Charlie B's pool, we'll use it for tomorrow. Bad breath. Sneezing and shooting snott. Oh no.
You think that it's the sneezes all contained, but it's not. Having allowed her bad smelling fart.
Oh, geez. That was me. You know, like I said, always look around. Like, oh gee, who did that? Who cut it?
That's always the good defensive move, you know, right.
And of course, when there's only two of you in the elevator and the other person knows they didn't do it.
It's kind of like an o-brainer, you know, stomach rumbling. Yeah, my dentist stomach was grumbling yesterday as he was like, I was getting drilled.
His stomach was grumbling.
14, let's see, I don't want to miss the moment, you know what I'm saying?
1497. Uh oh. 1497. Let me read the rest of Charlie's pool. And then,
holy moly rat man, this is going to hold me a big apology, man, when we get to 1500.
I'm clicking that baby now. 1497 is still, they're waiting. We got 21 minutes.
1498. That's great. Okay, getting back to these things burping. A big grip.
Getting an unexpected, oh no, come on. Getting unexpected. Stiffy in my pants.
What are you dreaming, Charlie? In my case, who would know what to know the difference?
I guess it depends on what you're wearing. Yeah, I can't wear you.
Especially if you have those spandex pants on like very manllow.
Dan beruf in my hair, food between my teeth, having a fishy smell in parentheses women.
Oh, there's some Chinese guys who got a fishy smell. Smell the underdog.
Telltale mustache women.
What is that? I don't know. I don't know.
Women who have a mustache in other words, they are out there.
Visible nose or ear here. I better go clip it. Spitting out of my mouth while talking like that.
Dr. Rana used to come to the panther games all the time and get right in my face.
Oh, and spit all over me. Hey, look, here was a, huh?
You're very whiny. Having the hiccups, people right out of the face drops.
Oh, look at that. We got 5001. Yeah, someone got the orange.
Oh, bruh.
A man with that will live in infamy baby. Let me tell you what.
Who could have got a baby?
See how it will pass off to get us back off of the, uh, from just from the depths of the sphere after those horrible numbers for the entire station cable.
And I work like crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, what is it?
How do you really feel?
I am pretty pumped about it, man. Shouldn't I be?
I thought I was just dreaming when I said that. I mean, you know, you know, how this thing usually goes.
We've been doing this for about a hundred years and you get in the flow and if you don't get the number at blow and whatever.
But 5001 and we're going to go away over 50 and we're by the top of the hour.
I guarantee that Joe Bell is going to come in there any second now and pat you on the back.
Both of you guys are great job, guys. And by the way, can you are you still alive?
And he won't be in there too long, though. Once he gets the drift of that blue of the haze that's hanging over the studio.
He won't be in there too long.
It's your state is still a coherent or what?
Yeah, barely.
Well, good.
And say cheese.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
It's been over two weeks since he's made a sound.
While his family's acting pretty cool, he's melting like a popsicle.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
Right now he's just like a car at the end of the crowd.
He's already been safe here.
But his corpse is by an eater.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
He's like a single minted in a blossom thong.
While the family is closing his body, he's decomposing.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
Look up on the ropes that we haven't found.
And if it goes, it still looks murky.
He's turning into be turkey.
It's time to put change from body in the crowd.
All right, 147 and 5, 60 WQM.
I'll tell you one thing that segment went over very big.
Which one?
What do you mean which one?
The celebration I just had there.
You are, I'm serious.
I know that you're under a lot of direction there, breathing all the fumes, etc.
That was a very euphoric moment, man.
I nearly had an accident in my pants.
Not the kind I was hoping for.
There was more like that kind.
Anyway, when you get to be my age, the actions that you have or nearly have.
They're not the ones that you're praying for, believe you may.
Trust me when I tell you.
Okay, coming from the trouble.
But anyway, let's see.
Can I send a personal message to those numbers?
They'll be coming at two.
And I'd love to read that other thing.
I'm just, you know, I'm confabulating with my friends on here on the year.
That's because I don't.
Well, I mean, what's more important finishing the show?
We're talking to my buddies on here.
You know what I'm saying?
I got some real fine buddies on here online.
Thank God.
Thank the Lord.
Thank the Lord for them.
Jesus God.
And you know something?
I'm going to say it again.
I'm not sending you any more money, but I'll say it again.
Thanks to you.
You know what I'm saying?
You may listen.
Thank you for all you've done for me.
So there you go.
Oh, are we going to start getting the emotional and weeping now?
Because you know me, you know the old drama queen.
I can get it.
Oh, Jesus George.
Come on.
I'm in a mood.
What do you mean by that?
I'm ready to pass out.
But hey, the goodness is a lot of stuff.
Well, it's nothing in a mood.
That's being in a state.
Like, it's a state of life.
Is that the word?
Yeah, and I'm being in a state.
Oh, I believe homosexualized between individuals are in more.
We don't care what your beliefs in general.
I'm going to go out and find some hot young guy right now.
And I'm going to do him right on the counter here.
When I'm looking at this stupid news store, I'm going to say,
oh, it may be a moral, but, ah, oh, man, it's good.
Holy moly.
Geez, let's do it again.
Piece of crap.
General Peter Pace.
All these military lunatics train each other.
How can we end?
Or even lightly kill them.
Kill them heavy duty, man.
Kill them heavily.
So that they don't make a comeback, you know?
Because like in the movies, like in the...
Or is the movie with Michael Douglas?
Which I've seen 4,000 down fatal attraction.
Base, okay.
Arabi, one of those movies, you think that they eat the bad guy
or the bad bitch is dead.
And all of a sudden, she jumps up again out of the bathtub, you know?
Was it going close?
Was it going close?
Yes, she is.
She's right here now.
To death?
No, that was bad.
I always get her confused with moral streep.
And I know they don't look that much alike.
I know.
Hold her both ugly.
And overrated.
5012 votes.
What's your take on the Kenny and Beaumourne show on QAM?
Never heard it just under 50%.
At least we got that baby under 50.
49.4%.
748 of our audience, almost half of the total, never even heard of it.
They never heard it.
Maybe that's why they're in such a good mood.
Now that was uncalled for.
That was not necessary for you to say that.
You see, every now and then George throws his voice and he pretends that it's me and it's me and it's me and it's me and him.
That's right.
He throws it.
Kenny and Beaumourne show it blows 360.
Now that's really very un-American to be saying that.
Even of course if that's your real feeling about it, you may have a good point.
It blows.
Now that we know that toast is responsible for that stupid ass square table thing, now we can just attack his ass.
What a needy.
He your toast toast.
It's okay if you had to 29.
I love it.
Oh, I love it 46.
Now, out of 1,500 and 12, that's only 3%.
Wouldn't you, wouldn't you if you were on it, you'll be hoping for a little bit more love than that a little bit more love?
Just a tad bit.
And I hate this poll 29.
A mere 1.9%.
That's one of the lowest-tapedest poll deals we've had in a long time, in a Chinaman's age.
1,500 and 12 votes.
I'd be really curious, although they probably have like a high infant mortality rate, although I think the US has one of the higher infant mortality rate certainly more than Western Europe.
Now, wouldn't you think that if Medicare was what was supposed to be in the US so far advanced, that the US wouldn't have such a high infant mortality rate that they'd have like better dock business stuff like that?
What do you hate America, Connie?
There you go, exactly.
Well, I'll explain to you tomorrow.
Although we don't have a lot of time tomorrow.
I want to apologize to the audience if we're going to get out at 12,500 tomorrow, and I got wood by Wednesday at 1 instead of 2.
It's like the Lawrence Welk thing, I want to do, etc.
I think I don't think I went far enough in the celebration.
What I should have done is just eliminated all the rest of the breaks.
That's right.
Plates, music, and celebrating.
It was dramatic, man.
I don't care what you say.
It was dramatic.
Yes!
Yes!
1515 votes on this horse ball station, man.
Yes!
But, a signal you've got to be sitting right under the tower to hear the damn thing without all the interference from the wires there on 441.
Yes!
So, up to make me turn into a music show.
Come on.
Let's have a party, baby.
Let's have a party in your pants on Q&A.
What are you saying, man?
Yes!
Oh, he just won one of these.
Yeah!
Another one of these.
I'm not a fan of the house.
I'm a fan of the house.
I'm a fan of the house.
I'm a fan of the house.
It's like being in a hockey game.
Let's talk some hockey, okay?
Pissed clearance.
That would be really something.
Let's get Rimmer into a hockey show.
Not.
Well, thanks to you folks out there.
They helped put us over the top, baby.
This was phenomenal.
This was good.
And thanks to my close personal friends out there who reach out and pass.
They helped me on the head by a long distance.
Thank you so very much.
Well, no, it's a nice thing.
It's important to me.
And I'm old.
Now, you know that I'm old.
When that kind of stuff becomes important to me,
you know I'm ready for the glue fact you're one of these.
No, I start walking with a walker.
Oh, if you could see all the people that they're would by.
And I know I'm rude and I try to get around them real fast.
I want to shove them down on the floor.
That's bad.
You know that it's 52 degrees in hog town.
It's 52 degrees in hog town, you know?
Yes!
But you do.
And America is on fire because we got 1,517 votes on a pool today and we are smoking on it.
We got a call here, the number one rated in the Mojale de David and his show.
At least according to my aspirations.
Stay away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
Mirabah, hello.
Yes, I want your take on J. Feeder.
Oh, J. Feeder is a great court of high-can-a-good Jew.
I like J. Feeder.
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary, smooth detoxes.
Oh, yeah!
Maybe it's got to be different with your safety.
Oh, thank you, ma'am.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
How's the weather down there in the Mirabah?
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, by the way, stop.
No, no, no, I have to go.
Look, I tell you what, I'll hold you over the break.
How's that, man?
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
Stop, stop, stop.
No, wait!
That was the only color we had.
The fangs on your nose is blowing again.
There's no noise, no noise, no noise.
There's no noise, no noise.
There's no noise, no noise.
There's no noise, no noise.
There's no noise, no noise.
Wow!
You got thick, boy, full face.
I know that you're not your face.
And around those losing pimples.
You're probably...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you go look, it's up here, I'll see.
A road map of Getzel and Z.
You got your happy son.
Way to die, die, die, die.
Blah, blah.
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I think.
And my veins suddenly start to tickle.
I had to noise, it was a door to door.
Yeah, I'd go back on board a path.
That's where I was on the 20-old path.
The window starts to spill with white ball face.
It's a black, a blue, black ball face.
It's a blue, a black ball face.
And so you stand on this lovely street.
How are you now having a sleeping, joyful day?
The door, door, door, door.
The door, door, door.
Hey, try not to say that.
I'm just lying.
Bye, bye, bye.
