Friday you bastard baby launch a couple missiles
We know absolutely and aim a madame
Whose first name begins with oh
There's one thing we all understand
Alcato won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase around forever
With our tanks and all our troops
Special forces are some tired of jumping through them
We need another plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And we'll blow up Pakistan
That's a good thing
Our plan needs a nuclear tank
Why don't we stop pussyfoot
And blow up Pakistan
I'm dying over here
We heard this first time
Anyway 10 out 205, 60 WM happy Friday
It's the last Friday of the year
I bet you never looked at it that way did you?
No
Had another great dinner last night at Ruth Chris stay out
And they're helping hotel in downtown Toronto
Man, that Ruth Chris
I just loved that place
You've been in a written there?
Not yet.
Wow.
Then how come you said Mortons was better?
No, I didn't say Mortons was better.
I said Mortons was better.
I'm a friend of Professor said Mortons was better too.
I didn't say it.
I've never eaten Mortons although there is a Mortons here in the
Hyatt Hotel which I might have to try that one of these days.
Although, maybe not too soon because one of my new years resolutions as it has been
for the last 400 years, I'm going to lose 30 pounds this year in 2008.
You can do it.
I'm going from 190 to 160.
I can do it.
I could do it.
And I will do it.
Maybe, maybe not.
I'm going to try.
Just a little away.
Oh yeah.
There's a real danger with that.
I'm thinking about my favorite call from yesterday.
I mean, we had so many good ones but my favorite call was that Schmuck who calls
him.
Neil, I don't know if you're aware of it but the Venezair Bhutto was killed this morning.
Oh, I mean, we wouldn't know that being the Siddharth.
What that would be no initial about things like that?
What does that kind of do with ball games?
What does it got to do with sports?
What does it got to do with I wear a windbag and Alex Marves and Ethan Monashas
Skolnik and all these other misfit losers.
Good.
God.
That was good.
Just exactly what you'd expect in South Florida.
Neil, we don't know if you know this yet but the earth is round.
Here's the pull from yesterday.
We got to know it up there.
But that cut you off, card, didn't it?
Oh, right.
Because I faked it to Eric and it's about what we did.
I don't know.
I don't know what the date was.
I heard you faxing it.
Well, I know you knew that I faxed it because I told you that.
But since we've got over a thousand votes on yesterday's pull, let's move on.
And keep this one up for the weekend.
It's our last presidential poll before the Iowa caucus January the turd, which is what,
Thursday, the turd.
Should be.
Yeah, Thursday.
Great.
Here's the pull from yesterday.
What grade would you give the year 2007?
We had a thousand, twenty five votes and D wins out.
Boy, that's not good.
Not pretty bad.
Why?
That's pretty bad.
It pretty much blew but it wasn't the worst.
Three hundred seven.
See, it was okay.
Just fine.
Two forty nine.
E.
Thank God.
It's almost over one hundred eighty nine.
So D and E is just bad.
B. Better than average but not great.
One twenty seven.
F the worst year of my life, ninety one.
And A. It was one of the best yet if not the best sixty two.
Not a good year for a lot of folks.
Boy, I'm going to season a second.
It's the wintertime allergies, you know.
Oh.
Oh, or maybe it was just that gigantic meal.
And I do want to tell you this.
And I shouldn't tell you this now that I'm talking about losing weight.
But yeah, it's already in my body.
I already ate it.
They have for dessert.
You had dessert.
Yeah, I had the same thing on Monday night too.
A caramelized banana cream pie that will set you free, man.
It is maybe the best dessert I've ever had in my life.
It's that good.
Set you free or put you on the ground.
Put you out both.
Set you free.
First then put you on the ground.
Kind of like they did do a Benzer butto.
They set her free and right now she's already on the ground.
They don't waste any time over there, man.
I guess they probably wanted to bury her before they stole the body and started running
around with it, you know.
And a lot of...
Crazy people over there.
Crazy place.
At mean time we invaded Iraq.
Why nobody's got any idea?
But we invaded Iraq.
They don't have anything to do with Afghanistan or Pakistan or Mulebolo Omar or Osama Yamama.
No, but don't confuse the public for the facts because the media says why in fact the media
is just obsessed now with the voodoo assassinate.
There.
And there's absolutely no uniform security.
Look around.
How many people are just obviously standing around.
They have full access to her.
There within six feet.
Many of them.
According to Pakistani authorities this morning, three shots were fired up to five.
What do they try to say?
Okay.
Sounds like an editorial to me on CNN.
Doesn't sound like news reporting.
Sounds like an editorial saying that the security was shabby.
There's that Jim Maguful, whatever his name is from CNN International.
What's he doing on there?
Must be another cost-cutting move.
They keep sticking at hours of CNN International on there.
Okay.
Here's the presidential pool so far.
Oh, there he goes with those numbers again from the pool as you bet you.
But first a really good call on line nine.
I'm ready for the day here.
Okay.
46 votes on the pool of the people running from president.
Who's your choice?
Barack Obama 16.
Now, I'm going to tell you right up front that it won't be long before the Daisy chain
starts with a Ron Paul internet people like the last time.
Last time we did this a few weeks ago.
Ron Paul was nowhere to be found.
And then once the word got out, it's like every time we do a poll on gun control or gun
guns.
And it goes a certain way for a while.
And once the NRA people and those wild right wing lunatic websites get a hold of it, then
all of a sudden it turns around completely.
Don't mess with my guns.
Don't effort my guns, you maniac.
Anyway, if the people running, but Ron Paul will, you know, sooner or later they'll get
wind of it because it'll be up there all weekend long.
So you got to put an asterisk next to his name.
He will, Ron Paul reminds me of what's next to the Republicans, what Dennis Crescinnage
is to the Democrats.
Almost everything he says makes a lot of sense, but you know what I mean?
He hasn't got a trineman's chance in hell.
Barack Obama 16, number of six John Edward six, a real, oh, just changed again.
Barack Obama 16, number of seven John Edward seven, swillowies got seven.
Dennis Crescinnage four, Ron Paul three, Fred Thompson two, who doesn't like Hispanics,
he doesn't like women, he probably don't like Jews.
I'm sure that he don't like fags.
Fred Thompson don't like anybody.
He's just a bigoted old coot.
That's cool with a T by the way.
John McCain two Rudy Giuliani two Joe Biden two.
I still have that line he had about Giuliani.
Every speech that Giuliani makes there's a noun, a verb and a 9-11.
What a great line.
How do I, Joe, whatever your name is?
Mitt Romney one, Mike Revel one, Mike Huckabee and Chris Dodden, the richest, all have
got out of the first 54 votes.
Oh, nothing.
Zippity Duda.
So that's where we're at with that.
You know, then we got the Thursday the Iowa caucus and the idea that have ever been
in Iowa?
No.
I mean, I was okay.
I'm not saying that I was real bad, but there's nobody lives there number one and number
two, it's a young kind of a state.
It's a farm state.
Lots of farmers kind of guys that sit around saying, hey, that corn sure is special.
And like that, like they do in A&T, Joe, just same kind of guys.
Although those Midwestern people, because it's right across from Nebraska, from Omaha.
And those Omaha people, that would shock you.
That's right in the middle of the Bible belt, but man, what a place that is.
That's not a bad place.
Omaha.
I know that from my college world series days.
Team charged in GPS equipped Jesus stuff.
This is one of my favorite stories of the last week from the hero of no less.
This time Jesus was almost guaranteed to return.
It says someone stole a baby Jesus doll, went to an informant, an activity scene in front
of the one in community center in Palm Beach County.
But villains leaders were wise.
They knew about a similar thing from Bell Harbor earlier this month.
So they equipped their figurine with a GPS tracking device.
Oh, if only Jesus would have had a GPS tracking device, then we know the real story.
Or as Paul Harvey would say, the rest of the story.
The device led Sheriff's DVDs to a nearby home where they recovered the stolen item Thursday
morning.
Once in the living room, I observed baby Jesus face down on top of this lane.
These items on the floor, Palm Beach County Sheriff's Investigators wrote in the napkin
David, baby Jesus was face down on a bunch of stuff.
A man in the home put his finger to a friend, Danielle K. Santino, who he said stole the
doll and dumped it in his house.
Santino ate it like worth confessing and taped statements and detectives with charge
S.B.F. Noon with grand theft between $305,000 according to the affidavit.
Deputies returned the baby Jesus doll to the community center.
Oh, thank God that the baby Jesus doll was back safely.
Thank the Lord.
Earlier this month, somebody stole a bolted-on baby Jesus from an activity display at Bell
Harbors Founder Circulate since the nati attorney read about the theft and paid for replacement.
The woman or by the way, as the janitor, if he's Jewish, you know, worked the janitor next
time.
We'll do.
The woman overseas, the end will display decided to put global positioning system trackers
on the Jesus, Mary and Joseph figurines.
I don't figure this will ever happen again, said Dean Isolini, but we may need to rely on
technology to save our savior.
Let's not acute play on words there, but save the savior, baby.
All right.
All right.
You know, this one is really out of control.
I'm direct.
Yeah, this one is just absolutely insane.
I've been noticing just ringing and ringing out of like, reach over and punch it out every
now and then.
Like to punch it out, whatever it is.
Would you like to see what that is, what that looks like?
Um, I'm not really sure.
Would you like to punch it out?
Sure.
What about?
One of those.
72 votes already on the president's support.
I want to get 80 million votes under to make it really scientific.
Oh, Barack Obama is off to the erases there.
He's got 21 and sort of he's got 11.
There we go.
That's the battle.
Ron Paul's got seven.
Don't believe it for a minute.
And he's going to go zooming up.
I'm telling you, once that Daisy chain gets going, they're all hooked up together.
It's kind of like these chronics.
You don't like the cranks.
They're all hooked up together at the hip.
Maybe I'll go to that website again, it's if they've posted our poll.
Well, that's right.
I forgot about that.
I don't know what website that was.
Some right wing fanatic lunatic.
No, actually, the right wing lunatics don't like Ron Paul.
He isn't far-bison enough for them.
They like the, I understand like John McCain again because Johnny Boy, he never met a war he
didn't love.
He just didn't love with the war.
And he's a crazy person.
Like that.
What a bunch of choices.
Barack Obama stands so far, heading shoulders above this field.
Don't you agree?
You don't have to agree.
You can say whatever you like.
That's why I'm on the floor.
Correct.
Yeah, but you know what?
He's not Jewish.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent here in his real life.
It's the twa Friday you best.
I mean, look at Rosie.
Everybody that has to kiss Rosie, I feel very sorry for it.
Some phone videos that on the Zanes' execution.
And it'll go Smith has until the end of the day to get a paternity test for her four month-old
daughter.
Smith claims that boyfriend Howard Case Stern is a father.
The quotes of the Indianapolis when Super Gold 41.
The tug of war over Annanacole's body.
Howard Case Stern wants to bury Annanacole in the Bahamas.
A space shuttle astronaut is doing a Florida courtroom this morning to face serious charges
stemming from an alleged love triangle.
Police say 43 or Alisa Noaac was armed with a bevy gun and knife when she drove from
Houston to Orlando to confront a woman she considered her romantic rival.
There are reports that she reward diapers to not stop.
It's called life earth and it will involve concerts on seven continents to promote awareness
of global warming.
Video Britney Spears with a shaved head circulates over the internet now and around the world.
Well, it took a big court battle with the body and Nicole Smith has finally been in bomb.
America voting, San Gaya, you are going home tonight.
Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin has died at the age of 76.
Rosie will not live at a bomb shell on the view this morning announcing she's leaving
the show.
Could Paris Hilton be going to jail or legal trouble today for actor David Hasselhoff?
Big fat lesbian loud rosy attacks innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
Ligilo and cracks up her car.
Jailed line for Paris Hilton to hotel Harris is spending her first full day in a county
long gut.
Paris Hilton has been strong.
Remanding Paris Hilton back into custody immediately.
If President Bush did not act to the vice president, Cheney's former aide would have been
reporting to prison in a matter of weeks.
Al Gore's son has been released from the Santa Ana jail after reportedly posting a $20,000
bail.
Actress Lindsay Lowe is now out of rehab and reportedly already spent the weekend partying
in Las Vegas.
Anti-war act of the Cindy Shea and several hundred protesters are calling for the impeachment
of President Bush.
We had Lindsay Lowe in book on the show tonight, but apparently she was already booked.
And have you heard about the Britney series photoshoot?
Her behavior has been described now as a complete meltdown.
Nicole Richie is present.
Richie led guilty last week's driving under the influence last December for driving the
wrong way on the freeway.
Another mug shot for Ligilo.
Larry Barnes has become baseball's new home run team, but is his record tainted?
Playing bumper cars with Britney Spears.
Could this be her latest meltdowns?
The other two reportedly crashing her Mercedes into a parked station wagon in Hollywood
when inspecting the damage?
She managed to hit the car again.
Harle Roe has called it quits.
If one of them was still mad, Hillary Clinton had to switch from her pantsuit to wet suit.
Mattel is recalling millions of Chinese made toys today.
On the day Michael Vicks should have been with his Atlanta Falcon teammates getting ready
for tonight's big game.
A star quarterback instead was in a federal courtroom, pleading guilty to dog fighting
charges.
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing, despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident
in an airport men's room.
Craig stated he is not gay three times, saying he did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis airport.
Earlier today, a very confused president Bush ordered a ban on all pencils in Florida
in China because he said they may contain the lead.
I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people at the Minneapolis airport.
While the negative police are calling OG Sims in a suspect, he says he was conducting
quote-unsting operations at a sink and stumbling around Britney Spears big comeback.
Full of slack.
Kendall Anderson has walked down the aisle once again.
Yes, you know, my now Britney Spears has lost custody of her children.
Yeah, I see.
We just got to tuck them in at night and lip sync a lullaby tonight.
Kid Rock is out of jail following his arrest after allegedly fighting outside a waffle house
restaurant in the Atlanta area.
Harry Potter fans, this one's for you.
It turns out the character Dumbledore is gay.
Vice President Dick Cheney is going hunting again.
I don't know if the writer is going to strike her not.
Watson Coles, this is the latest in NFL history that unbeaten teens have met.
House Democrats introduced a proposal yesterday to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney.
Another heart scare for Vice President Dick Cheney.
Got your virtual radio host Don I'm Mrs. Back on the air.
Former Vice President Al Gore and members of the UN Climate Change Panel are now officially
Nobel laureates for their work on global warming.
House beat Pittsburgh 3413 13 at O now the NBC announced that Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien
are returning to TV in January.
She filed for the war on Friday.
Then yesterday she had a change of heart.
Or for young Langzahn, how do you like that?
1021 Old Langzahn My Ass, so brother.
Well, that's for people living the past, you know, thank God I don't do that.
All of us talking about rocket manuals, they sure we do.
We all do that.
Life is about building a series of memories.
Isn't that a wonderful cliche?
Don't you like that?
Yes, that's good.
Life is building memories.
So whether they're like, you know, culinary memories like my great-me or last-nendirouth
Chris or sexual memories or wow or sexual memories or whatever, you know, stuff like that.
All of these things, whatever.
125 hosts on a pool on the presidential choice with Iowa caucus just days away and Ron
Paul's only got 13 votes.
So they haven't started creeping it.
You'll know.
Yeah, he goes, huh?
We'll see it.
Oh, yeah.
It'll stick out just like a sore thumb, man.
Just like an appendage.
Terror leader Osama bin Laden, by the way, President Bush phenomenal job.
They were going to smoke him out of their holes out of their caves and we're going to go
get him and get him alive.
Yeah, right.
Girl gunslinger George Bush, he's going to go get all the bad guys.
Right.
And of course, keep in mind that Banda are Bush viseons.
It's all, there are Saudis are all their buddies, man.
They're all in bed together.
And now they're saying oil is back up to 97 bucks a barrel and I got a story in my pile
for later on.
It says next year, you're going to be playing like 387 for gas.
2008 won't be so great.
That's nuts.
Now is that for regular or, you know, I use regular, by the way, and that's solstice.
That's the only good thing I'll say about that car.
It's okay.
But it uses regular cheap gas.
I can't remember last time I had a car that used cheap gas.
Well, not cheap.
It's not cheap anymore, but we're a little bit speaking, you know.
Terror leader Osama, your mom, have been lying over there, released a new internet message
that focuses on Iraq at an al-Qaeda-linked insurgent group.
A terrorism monitoring group said yesterday, a terrorism monitoring group.
All right.
The site intelligence group, SIT, said the al-Qaeda leader will discuss Iraq and then the
group, the Islamic State of Iraq, a long time, full of the Iraqi government, and US forces.
Well, that's a dessert, man.
I'm going to tell you.
Carmelized banana cream pie.
And of course, it comes like in a pie show, which you eat, you know, an edible pie show.
And it's kind of like a crème roulet, that kind of thing, you know, where they like
you.
It's a burning burning burn the top of it.
They caramelize it.
No one, you like it, huh?
No one, you like it.
Yeah, it's flaming.
Site, which provides counter terrorism information to government and private groups, said
the announcement of the impending message was posted to Islamic militant websites earlier
in the day yesterday.
The posting said the message titled, the way to contain conspiracies would last 56 minutes.
I would be surprised if they filmed it in Hollywood with those Sami Amon right there.
He's probably got his own studio.
It didn't say when it would be released, but such as usually precede the actual message
by one of the three days.
In fact, maybe he's got his own office right next to the NRA office there in the White
House right next to your president.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
The authenticity of the posting could immediately be determined, but SITES said it was signed
by Ass Sahab, the production branch that releases Elk Hatta messages, the production
branch.
The Internet message didn't say if in Laws and Statement would be in a video or just
audio form.
All we want to see him, we want to see the color of his beard.
We want to see the fake Osama, just like the fake Sodoms we used to see.
The message will mark the 6th public statement by the terror leader of this year, audio or video
communication case were sent over the Internet's September 7, September 11, September 20, October
22, and November 29.
A video on September 7 was his first in three years and was issued to mark the 6th anniversary
of the 9-11 attacks.
Still, there you go, the 6th anniversary, and he's still rolling along, singing the song
with his dialysis machine under one arm and a goat under the other one.
I'm one of his 85 wives, Trellen, behind, not too far behind.
Just the whole thing is so sick, man.
What are we worried about?
We're worried about his OJ going to go to the Sheimer final and hear what he deserves.
Aren't you worried about that?
You betcha.
His Lindsey Lohan is still a drunk and is Brittany A. Fitt Mama.
What about what's her name?
A body and a coal.
Boy, remember that?
That just wouldn't go away, you know?
Then her kid died and then she died.
I don't know, I could play that thing because you don't play that anymore.
She died?
Yeah, she sure did.
Barack Obama 28 John Edwards, that drooling Yehu 18, boy, how could you vote for a drool
unless maybe you're a drooling Yehu yourself?
You know?
Y'all come back now.
Well, I just, I got this thing about Suddeners.
Can we get a present from somewhere other than the South?
Look what we got now.
We got a Texan in there.
Jimmy Carter, he was from Joja, Bubba, he was from Arkansas, LBJ, he was from Texas.
Can we find somebody from somewhere north of Virginia would be good?
Like a Kennedy?
There you go.
Barack Obama 28 John Edwards 18, Hillary Clinton 18, Solary, she's tired with Edwards.
None of the above 16, Ron Paul 14, Dennis Cassins 14, see what I'm saying?
Boy, I got my feminine arrow one, huh?
I better pull it out.
It's not that.
It's Julie Annie's 7, Joe Biden 5, I will read this poll a lot today because it's, you
know, it's topical.
I'd rather talk about this than Benazir Bhutto, she's still dead.
Oh, now that some rogue group Elkite is going to get nukes there and they're going to
get a hold of it and now we're going to have a nuclear holocaust and we're all going
to die.
Yeah, right.
Rudy Giuliani 7, Joe Biden 5, Fred Thompson was a real Yehu man, a bigoted nasty, hateful
piece of crap.
He's got four.
My cock will be three, pass the, a Bible and pass the ammunition for however that goes.
John McCain 3, Chris Dodd 2, Bill Richardson's got a pair, Mitt Romney 1 and Mike Revelle,
Soltamente Uno.
The best talent is no rejects.
You're 5.
Sixty QAM, the fourth leader.
I bet you're best, Steve.
It's late at night.
You're fast asleep and I shut away figure as I'm about to break into your home.
But you're protected.
Yeah, it's the James Brown home security alarm.
The heart is working alarm in the safety of business.
Designed by the Godfather of home protection himself.
The James Brown alarm protects you from burglar, bundles, beeping tall.
And if you act now, we'll include it no extra cause.
The patented James Brown hot pants far along.
So put the sole patrol on your keyhole.
With the James Brown home security system.
Oh yeah.
You'll save.
I'm here.
So who's definitely more James Brown or Benazir Bouto?
There's a good poll question for you on your show.
1033 at 560 WQ.
And let me take a look at that schedule for today.
In fact, we got next week's schedule on ice going, Clarins.
Oh my God.
Now, New Year's Day, we're not working.
Now, do you have that kneel down?
Yes.
It's official.
It's official.
What do you deserve?
You did a good job this week.
I'll look over there.
Yesterday at 11 o'clock, I was a little a PO there for a second.
I'm on the road.
I probably shouldn't bring that up again.
But you just left me in the lurch.
There's nobody inside.
Yes, I know.
I'm having all these technical internet dropouts and all these problems.
And I'm sitting here talking to like nothing.
And I'm wondering, am I on the air?
Is he there?
Can he hear me?
Is it, you know, like any?
I have to apologize for that Mr. Hodge shot, Mr. Fantz.
So you're probably filling your face.
No, I was taking a piss.
I can't say that.
I just dumped it.
I was going to the bathroom.
I took one of them and I thought, yes, I dumped it.
What an idiot.
Yeah, I know.
You can say taking a pee.
OK.
Taking a leak, you can say that.
Jesus, God, this is what I'm talking about doing a good job.
Or right away, you stick your foot deep down your rectal mouth.
Oh, I fought the hand.
It just goes to show you why Chris is making 14 cent an hour.
Hey, 15 cents.
Get it right.
Well, here's the line up for today.
And I say this with deep regret.
By the way, Hank's last show is on Monday.
He's going to be calling his son, am I
showing him the Monday morning?
Or Monday, early at whatever he gets to.
Yes, he has the number to call it here.
He's free to call it in time.
He wants Monday.
Anyway, we got Joseph Gackie, two to four this afternoon.
Joseph Gackie sucks.
OK.
Oi.
Yeah, no comment.
Power hour with Hank and I guess, Josie, no mad dog today.
He only works like 15 days a year.
So what today's not one of them.
Humber all by himself, his second last show on QM
between five and seven.
Miami Dolphins all asses with very beautiful.
Between seven and eight.
Oh my god, I'm going to come in here and listen to that.
Not the emerald bull, Maryland, Oregon state eight to midnight.
And then we got the, you know, visual fall to all ESPN radio.
That would be something over here.
The ESPN radio you pointed this out this morning
and when Hank is on, he'll still be here.
He'll still be on the station every now and then
when they least expect it.
Oh, open up the pot.
There'll be the hopper.
The hopper is back on the air.
That was funny.
Oh, they won't be paying them, but you know, no comment.
The less said the better, just keep it rolling.
The fallen by the way is just dead as a door now,
except for this, you know, except for that.
That's it.
Well, you talk about somebody that needs to be
in a rubber room with a straight jacket on.
That's it.
That's the one.
Take all the other ones, put them together.
And of course, he's in bed, as you know, with some of them.
Literally, but put them all together.
They don't come close to Prozac Ron.
Just over and over and over and over and over.
Oh, man, I'm man.
He's got us on speed dial.
We can be damn sure of that.
His life ought to be on speed dial.
Maybe just on speed.
Maybe he has a driveline.
Maybe he does have the direct line.
He's got the bat line.
I'll tell you that.
Prozac.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Or speaking, help me.
Speaking, yes.
Hi, Italian.
Yeah, drop dead.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you, sir?
OK, sir.
Which in you and the crew, everybody, happy new year?
Well, isn't that nice?
We got a nice guy on here that really cares about us alleged.
I do, I really do.
And I listen.
I was picking through my drawers the other day,
holiday time.
And I came up with some old tapes that I had
taped from you from years ago and just listening to the show.
And it was fun.
And the one was Drew.
Remember, Drew Z?
Yeah.
And he was on.
And I was listening to him.
And he said, oh, well, Neil, he used, you had mentioned his name.
And he used it in the beginning of his show.
Another break already?
Another break.
And he says, oh, Neil just has, and he loves my show.
He hasn't gotten around to doing my intro yet.
But he said he will.
LAUGHTER
LAUGHTER
Yeah.
Well, whatever.
Well, he wanted to say about Drew Z.
BAAAMING!
That's it.
Hey, now, wherever you land, I'll be there.
And I hope they don't put Drew in in your place.
OK, thanks, pal.
Happy new year.
Back to you.
166 on the pool.
Let's see if the Ron Paul people are
started creeping in.
I don't know if I'm going to get 16 votes.
But once they do, man, there is no, it's
like a damn breaks, like a diked bursting.
You ever see a diked burst?
No.
What is Hank is on TV now, by the way?
And it's pulling the strings.
Barbara Stark.
Every time Barbara Stark comes on CNN, George is on here.
Oh, Hank's on here.
I'm all three of those.
We think she looks like the Humper.
I don't think so.
Nah.
That's really a low shot.
George will be back on Monday, by the way,
for all his detractors out there.
He'll be back.
And we want to thank clearance for really getting,
you know, something we didn't need any extra assistance.
We can handle the show for a few days.
Just fine.
Well, I've definitely had fun, so.
Yeah, and it's been a fine week.
I mean, you know, I mean, they didn't look to finger to do anything,
but why would they want to do that for this show?
You know, that would be a bad move to make on their part.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I always thought of huge condoms as rubber.
Yeah, good.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
That's the way for all this detractors.
Don't be bad.
Q-A-M with the radio off in the back.
You want to thank the sergeant for really getting a cup of coffee?
Yeah, turn the radio off.
Oh, sorry.
That's OK.
Don't be sorry.
Just do it.
Yes.
So it's up to Neil.
Speaking, yes.
Is this Neil Rogers?
Yes, me.
Wow, you're the greatest Neil.
Me, I am.
Hey, listen, I want to ask you something.
Could you please tell me what you think about Bill Parcell's please?
What does that mean?
I just want to know what you think.
I don't know, and I don't care.
What's there to think?
Oh, you're old.
He's your old man now.
I like me.
I don't want to.
But you're one of the greatest sports minds.
No, I'm not.
I got a sports mind, sir.
I don't give a crap about Bill Parcell or the dolphins or this horse ball call.
How do you like that?
One of the great sports minds.
You wonder what?
What's my take on Bill Parcell?
No, I'll tell you my take.
I took a good choice this morning.
That was my take.
And maybe I'll take another one.
How do you like that?
Especially after calls like that.
Once you take, what do you think about Bill Parcell's?
Here's my answer in two words.
OK?
I don't.
What?
What biggest name?
The best talent.
He's Neil Rogers.
Neil.
Yeah.
Oh, bitch.
The choice had no partners.
Took away our sound effects.
Though he gave up, haven't parted since then.
She wants to assassinate the only show that gets the bills paid.
He gave up, haven't parted since then.
Will she'll do anything it takes to defend and validate
the behavioral corporate repainting?
He gave up, haven't parted since then.
She'll go as far as soon herself to make her life a stinkant
and forgive up, haven't parted since then.
Don't do this and don't say that.
To let your hard-forced, poor, poor fellow,
he gave up, haven't parted since then.
Oh, right.
When what floats in the toilet hole is what she knows about radio,
she wants to destroy our show, he gave up, haven't parted since then.
He gave up, haven't parted since then.
When I tell you that he gets it everywhere, man,
Chuck the door, Gelly Mike stick his nose in there.
In fact, wait till he does stick his nose in and in.
Chuck the door.
So how's this pull coming on the presidential politics,
or is Chris Matthews his politics?
Well, he just leaves me limp.
You know, you like him, Chris Matthews?
Uh, don't really care about him.
He got a speech defect and not only that,
but he talks about all three sides of his mouth and his ass.
Cannot stand Chris Matthews, but every now and then,
I'll watch a little bit here in there, you know.
Just to see if he still has the speech defect.
And he does, by the way.
I really don't watch much of those talking heads shows.
Good, good thinking, man.
Good, good thinking.
Oh, there's a tornado warning in Alabama somewhere till 11 a.m.,
well, it's only 15 more minutes.
Look at that, heavy rains and damaging floods
and isolated tornadoes.
Alabama, that's because God has pushed off and fired up.
So you can say that.
You can't say what you said before,
don't head to dump yourself.
That was bad.
That was really good, though.
What?
How often do you get to dump yourself?
I've done it.
That's back in the day when I had to dump button at work, though.
See, I can't do that anymore.
What are you trying to say?
You might ask your good, close personal friend Clarence there,
since you see him so often these days.
You might ask him to actually intend to have the engineer come in here,
because like I told you yesterday, these lights,
these bulbs need to be replaced on the board and the pots.
Especially on the mic pot.
That's a little bit disconcerting when you don't know whether your mic is on or off.
And the thing on the dump button, I mean, is unconscionable.
But I don't want to go into it on the air again, because, you know, God forbid.
God forbid.
I'm not clear if I ask Clarence, I could be like, what are you talking about?
Yeah, right.
You know, he don't know nothing about it.
210 votes on the pool of the people running for president, who's your choice?
Barack Obama 43.
Swilory 27.
Did it specific 26?
See what I mean about him?
He's going to get 100 votes into them, election.
But in the meantime, on the internet, he's like, oh yeah, everybody loves the little...
And all the stuff he says makes sense, just like a lot of what Ron Paul says.
But they got no chance.
Even Michael Ducaca was, you know, a better candidate than that.
But that's silly little helmet on.
Because we need that.
Now that we have this assassination in Pakistan and everybody's on the edge of a breakdown,
we need Michael Ducaca to come back in that tank with that silly helmet on again.
That'll make us feel better.
Then you'll feel safe.
Anyway, Barack 43.
Swilory 27.
Consent of 26.
John Edwards, that drooler 25.
He's a drooler.
A drool in Yehu.
None of the above 24.
For Ron Paul 18, Rudy Giuliani 12, Joe Biden 8, Fred Thompson 6.
Oh, my cuckabee 5.
Pass the Bible, baby.
Pass the Bible.
Another Bible, Thumpin Yehu.
Bill Richardson 5, John McCain 4, Chris Dodd 4, Mitt Romney 2, and poor microvellas.
He even still in it from Alaska, the ex-submarine years ago.
Poor brother, yeah.
He's got kind of a grovelly voice.
He's got one out of 210.
We're not too bad.
We got 210 votes.
And it's not even a lot of the clock yet.
That's not bad.
We put this up at the top of the hour.
Yeah, right.
Nice job, by the way, Eric.
Thank you so much.
What?
We're right about the start of the show.
And the good news is we've got the schedule for next week.
Okay, and of course I'm sure a lot of people wondering.
What's on the agenda for next week?
Well, of course New Year's Day now, we got the football up the butt.
Woo!
In fact, during our time slot, we got the outback bowl.
We got ESPN radio all morning long on New Year's Day.
And who the hell wants to get up and work in the morning on New Year's Day?
Nobody.
Whenever he sent me a tank was on New Year's Day in the morning.
Oh, great.
He's not going to.
Outback bowl was constant Tennessee on this time slot.
Then two to four thirty, it's Greg Likens.
Yes, who's that?
I told you, he's the board up for Joe Rosicore.
He's the board up?
Correct.
And we're going to put him on from two to four thirty in the afternoon when people might actually be awake.
Well, yeah, that's what he's been doing.
I'm using the board though.
What?
He's done shows.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know that.
Mm-hmm.
Him and Zach usually do that these days.
Of course, most people probably hung over it still at that point anyway.
So we'll make a difference.
Then we got the rose bowl and the sugar bowl and the toilet bowl and we got bowls everywhere on.
And then the real New Year's schedule starts Wednesday January the 2nd baby.
That's when it gets real interesting.
You got the big O.
Rock solid.
That you were peddling us to song and dance was going to be doing five to seventy.
That was the worst.
You were right about the hours five.
That was the worst.
But it's going to be in the morning like he's been doing for a long time.
That was George.
One thing about the big O.
He is rock solid at those hours in the morning when most of us are asleep.
Seven to ten.
You got the big dog all by himself which is great.
That's what we needed in the first place is Joe Rose.
Now we can just give him a few of those spots.
Well remember, it's going to be fewer live spots because it's only him now.
I doubt the bitch right now.
Anyway, he's going to be on the solo starting Wednesday morning seven to ten.
Then I'll still be here.
Oh, there it is.
My name is on the schedule.
Well, that's good to know.
Well, what is that on Thursday?
Neo Raj's George at Gulfstream.
Huh?
Do you see that?
No, I have to look at the other room.
George is going to be at Gulfstream on Thursday and then it says Zach at Gulfstream.
Where it says producers?
Am I looking at the right place or what?
I don't know.
Then we're going to give you one second.
Oh no, big in the way to my O. I see big doggy Gulfstream.
Zach is going to be out there.
Then it's got Neo Raj's show with George at Gulfstream and the new producing.
What does that mean?
That couldn't be another clearance mistake.
Could it be?
Can you see George being out at Gulfstream for what?
To bet the horses to say down the stretch they come.
Come on, man.
Apparently a schedule update already on the news day.
Yeah.
Jesse Agler from 8 to 10 30 a.m.
Oh, that's good.
I like that.
Before that first ball game, before the outback ball.
He's going to be out back.
Uh-huh.
Jesse Agler.
Okay, that's good.
He's going on the ear.
He actually belongs on it.
I mean, I'm not seeing the other guy.
Who ever that guy is.
What's his name?
Greg.
Greg Lackins.
Anyway, Wednesday you got the Neo Raj's show and then the Jacks show from 2 to 4.
Wow.
And then Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Moving back into that slot where the Humper used to be.
And then you got your dolphins all access with John Linder and Hurricane Zwarma.
And Hurricane's basketball.
You have in Penn, a girl school.
You in.
That's all in the winning right now, so.
Who's that, Penn?
No, you in.
Oh, you in?
Back to the winning couple of games.
Nobody cares.
Club No.
They built that new arena.
Nobody cares.
But if they go, if they win a whole bunch more games, then they'll start saying,
oh, we love their Hurricanes.
Their team's so good now.
Front running town, man.
Fony.
Fiesta Bowl ESPN Radio from a 10-A-Bid Night joined in progress.
Oh, that's because they got Keynes basketball because Clarence has to play by a play guy.
Oh, what does he have the color guy?
Color guy.
I'm sorry for Jozy.
So there you go.
There's the schedule.
Well, say I didn't tell you.
And by the way, Benessio Boute was not shot.
Oh, she won it.
No, she died from a trap now from the blue himself up.
See, this is how they...
This is like I told yesterday.
They're always jumping the gun.
And so to speak.
And they're always like, you know, shooting from the hip and the lip.
And oh, well, I think this and I think that.
And we know I'll kite it in it and the dog done it and the Adi Adi Adi Adi.
It was initially reported that she was killed by the bullets of an assassin who blew himself
up after firing the shots.
But government officials today said a medical report confirmed that she was killed by
Schrapnell from the blast, which from which at least 28 more people died,
and at least 100 were wounded.
The Schrapnell hit the right side of her skull.
The bomber did shoot it over the pistol, but she had no bullet injury.
And in Terry ministry, spokesman also told the statement associated press of Pakistan
that terrorist group Al-Qaeda had claimed responsibility for the assassination.
I thought with all this trillion dollars that we spent that we wasted in Iraq that we wiped out
kind of out.
Of course, what do they have to do with Iraq in the first place, nothing?
I'm sorry.
However, that claim has not appeared on radical Islamist websites that regularly post such messages
from Al-Qaeda and other militant groups.
So who knows?
Maybe the dog did do it.
I don't know.
I'll send a very dirty day.
In October, emails, she said she would hold Musharraf responsible if she got off.
And an email sent to a confidant on the US two months ago assassinated
Pakistan, the opposition leader, Benizir Bouteau said she would hold the country's leader
pervert Musharraf responsible because his government didn't do enough to provide her security.
And like you saw there, I know pictures they were shown before.
Was that on the era before the show?
That was on the era, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Was on the era.
And they were wailing about the fact that there was no real security that all these idiots had access to her.
She standing up there in the middle of that Bouteau mobile.
And there's all these idiots standing around it.
But a boom, all of a sudden.
Yeah.
Switching like that to the Pup-Mobile or Bouteau mobile?
Oh, the Pope mobile, man.
I remember the Pope mobile was a schlepping the old Pope around and all of a sudden, but a boom.
You know that?
Mm-hmm.
I guess it wasn't as bulletproof as they thought.
It would be just like Superman getting shot by a bullet and all of a sudden he starts bleeding.
You know, that would not be good.
But the Pope is infallible, but not when it comes to matters of health, only in terms of matters of hatred and stone age bull crap.
That's what the Pope, and of course the new Pope has got much better little red shoes than the outgoing Assylia's fat Pope.
The new Nazi Pope, he's got lovely little red shoes.
He looks really, really.
Baaaamn.
Like a fashion plate, not as much as me, but almost.
239 on there, the Ron Paul thing hasn't started yet, but it will.
Oh, there's a poll on thearrogens.com on the Ron Paul people.
Let's free-pit.
Yeah, free-pit.
Geepers, creepers were in hell in the creepers.
Just a matter of time.
There, I'll wake it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh no.
In fact.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
It's time to play the name of the bird contest.
Are you ready to participate?
And finally, last one.
Booger, booger, booger.
Only three.
Solomantic trace.
We'll take your calls today when they come in.
As they come, that's what I'm going to do.
If I can scream, this is the come in today.
In fact, maybe we'll do that the whole next year.
Okay.
Okay, what?
You just let me know what you want to do.
Oh, scream them up if you want.
Yeah, I heard what you said before that you had to dump yourself.
That was bad.
Huh?
Really pissed me off.
What'd you say?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, uh, I got the bad news for you, buddy.
Yeah.
Yes, you're back in town.
The quarter-sense.
Yeah, the 25 cent slot guy.
Yeah, you can back in town.
Yeah, okay, great.
See, am I sharp as a tacker?
What, huh?
Do I know?
Uh-huh.
Here's another one.
Like I said, a couple of weeks ago, you know, this one you have your thumb on the first batch
of lunatics, then a new bunch starts all of a sudden.
They all have a- they're never by themselves, which is kind of strange, you know?
I have no life.
They've always got like somebody attached to them like this guy.
He's, uh, he's like the agent for the 25 cent slot guy.
What biggest name?
The best out of people.
Who is Neil Rogers?
Fortress of 560 QAM?
The fourth leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the brain.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
Any questions?
And now another holiday trell-tip from Senator Edward Kennedy.
Here in Tribal tip, here in number four.
A remembered to steer into error as kid.
I'll say it again.
Remember to steer into a skid.
I made a mistake of a steering away from a skid a year's buck,
and wound up killing my passengers, and there wasn't even snow.
What happened was there a unicorn jumped in front of my car, and I swerved away.
Big mistake.
Being pretty sharp, my reflexes were what they should have been.
Of course on the upside, their unicorns are on the endangered species list,
and they're the hide I hid it.
I was probably looking at some fairly significant jail time,
or if they released a hearing in front of the Senate oversight committee.
Remember, after a drink or two, unicorns can appear sexually inviting.
But please refrain from hopping on board, much like the train mantis,
after they make love to you, they will kill you and eat you.
Which will definitely put a bandper on your holiday drinking.
The preceding has been another holiday travel tip from Senator Edward Kennedy.
See, even the animals men are much of religious skis,
he's the praying mantress.
I wonder who they prey to.
I know who they prey to.
Damn, God!
11-1-560-WQ-I'm happy Friday to you.
They're like, I'm going to lay low down on Thursday.
I'm going to put them on Thursday.
Oh, great, dump that.
You have to lay down Thursday.
You have to lay down on Thursday.
It's an opening day of Goldstream, or wherever it is.
And Lee, the promotions director, asked George about it ahead of time,
and George said, fine.
So he will be out there.
You'll be in Toronto and I'll be here.
Wow, look at three-way.
Uh-huh.
Holy moly.
Now you did dump that to the thing.
Yes.
This is the guy that's got all kinds of stuff queued up.
Like the old best in the LCDs.
He was calling yesterdays, but all of it's here,
a queue up, and sounds like he's got his own studio going.
Although it sounds a little more tinny today than yesterday, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Work on that a little bit.
Okay, get the same engineer to work on your equipment that's working on ours.
Democrats are locked in a tight struggle in the initial Iowa New Hampshire presidential contest
as voters weigh Barack Obama's personal qualities against Hillary Clinton's professional qualifications,
a Bloomberg LA Times survey of the two-stake shows.
Former North Carolina Senator John Edwards is competitive with the Democratic frontwaters,
uh, Yadi-adi, and Iowa, although he's behind in New Hampshire,
which hold its primary agenda with the eighth.
The party's other candidates barely register in both states.
Barely register.
Clinton has a small lead among Iowa Democratic voters, 29 percent.
Obama 26, Edwards 25.
In New Hampshire, these are the latest polls.
Obama 32, Clinton 30, and it was 18 percent.
In both states, the frontwaters leads are within the polls margin of sampling error,
plus or minus four, muscle manus.
Democratic voters are having a conversation with themselves on what they want more in a
selection set. Susan Pinkis, the LA Times polling director, sounds very Jewish to me.
If they choose to, Obama is about personal characteristics,
whereas for Clinton, it's her leadership on issues.
The poll conducted December 20 to 23, December 26,
provides a picture of how Iowa New Hampshire voters perceive the candidate's strengths and weaknesses.
Clinton's view is the most experienced.
She's also viewed as the least honest and less likely to produce change in Washington than Obama.
By contrast, Obama's viewed by both Iowa New Hampshire voters as an agent of change,
the more honest candidate, and more likely to tell voters what he thinks,
rather than what they want to hear.
Now, what about other Republican side? Is there something in this story about the Republicans?
You're not. Doesn't look like it. No. Good.
Problem and dread. I hope say that. That's bad. They don't like your kind.
Yeah, right. They don't like anybody. They only like their kind.
And of course, the problem is that, you know,
Giuliani has got a trinement's chance in hell because the religious
geskies, that wing of the Republican Party, they don't want nothing to do with the guy that's
been divorced in them, remarried 700 times, and a well-known flanderer.
254 votes on the poll. That's not too shabby, Man. It's just about an hour. Aren't you proud of his
hell? I'm proud of the peacock. No, you're not. So what's the deal on Thursday, George,
is going to be a Gulfstream? Did he actually tell me anything about this? Or did I just forget?
I don't remember hearing anything about it, sir. I don't remember hearing a damn thing about it.
But I have a feeling he's probably scraping a few extra bucks out of it.
Yeah, I hope he's not too. He needs it. He can use it.
And at least trying to work on something on the last Friday of every month,
where he's going to show George's at a bar or something like that.
I think he told me about that, but not Gulfstream.
No, I'm not that hanky as maybe in any case, long gone. Are we going to start getting
horse racing intensive? He's asking, but she is not giving tonight.
And at the rail from in fifth, now into fourth is guard the bank. Sixth of the yellow.
There's a space from Woodbine last night.
Who am? Shooting through at the inside there from in seventh now. Wait.
It looks like Luke O'Lat with a 25-to-1 shot is unleaded, but he'll puke in the stretch.
Side is ninth, just another spur. There are three quarters more.
20 on the other side. Come on, Tyler.
I'll return it into the stretch.
Cheers to chip. The one to chase down. A lady gambler on the outside,
upset-minded in her own right. She is 18-the-one.
And here on the outside is Lady Gambler, but cheers to chip.
Finds a bit more. Cheers to chip on the inside.
Lady Gambler on the outside. She just can't get past.
Cheers to chip. Lady Gambler. Waples finds a late scene for.
Let's just talk about me. It was too late, though, as Luke Laiwar.
Sorry. Better Russian action.
25-to-1, Luke O'Lat.
Canadian A. Well, it's a woodbine, what do you expect?
A lot of Canadians there. It's like going to France and say a lot of French people.
They're going to a hellendale and say a lot of frogs here.
So sorry, look at that. 53 bucks in the triple pay.
3725 bucks. We better get horse racing intensive.
Sounds good. Well, that sounds like the direction where we're going now.
Okay. Double to QAM, track talk.
I'm tired of it.
Yeah, this guy with is equipment again.
I can play it here if you like.
I'm tired of it here.
And it sounds much better on this end.
A lot better. That's my opinion.
I mean, our equipment is a little better than his...
Now, the way we could use some engineering help,
especially when he's light bulb-starkel now.
Because if I happen to say something and the mic is open and I don't know that it's open,
and it gets on the air, it's like, you're going to be responsible
because you're the only one with a workable dump button.
You know that, huh?
Pretty sad situations when I would say,
but you know what? Life goes on. Keep the checks coming, boys.
That's all I want to tell you.
I'm here every day. It was here a little bit later than usual this morning,
though, but you were like freaking out a little bit.
It was all good. I heard the TV returns.
See, that's what I do. If you hear the TV returned from City Pulse,
that means I'm alive and I'm awake and I came in here and I potted it up for you
and just so you know I'm alive.
Because that starts late, 830 this morning, which I never do that.
I think it was probably that caramelized banana cream pie from Ruth Chris.
Put to the coma.
I've loved your resume.
All that bad is it should be.
I should be paying a wicked price for that today,
but I didn't thank the Lord now.
Now I can start.
Today's the day.
Everybody always says, oh, I'll start tomorrow.
Well, I'm starting right now.
I have 33 pound laws.
I'm going to get to 160.
Isn't that embarrassing? I'm 193 this morning?
That's terrible.
But of course that's after a humongous meal like that.
You know how that is?
And then I have to pee a lot or whatever it was you said before.
Then that water loss brings you away a ton a little bit.
Just go walk on the block a couple of times.
I'll go, okay.
What does that mean?
Now, okay, see you.
Go walk around the block.
Do you know what the temperature is?
What is the temperature?
I'll tell you what the freaking temperature is.
I'm saying, oh, it's not that bad now.
Throw the acid in the next week.
It's going to be like in the 20s again.
Load 20s. It's going to be bad.
I think we're getting to 40s this week.
It's a toasty 35 now.
It's going to be 38 today.
And the sun's going to poke its way out.
I don't believe that.
See that would be nice.
You can go walk around the block a couple of times.
I can do it.
I can handle it.
Man, I dress for it.
I wear a lovely dress.
It's a pink chiffon gown with fur.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, me.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
I heard you mentioned Eddie Kay has briefly a couple of minutes
ago.
Does anybody know if he's going to resurface on
radio down here?
I haven't heard a thing about it.
Because I do driving work at night.
I used to enjoy the show at BPA, ESPN, Crap, anyway.
Yeah.
Okay.
I was just wanting to know if it's going to...
Yeah, I don't know if I do.
I'll pass it along to you.
Okay.
Happy New Year.
And I'm back to you.
Yeah.
I haven't heard nothing about it.
Kay, Hank, we know he's going to be just fine.
He's going to be doing more stuff with ESPN.
But I don't want to like talk about that
because then when he calls in on Monday,
we'll discuss that then.
Because if I talk about it now and spill all the beans,
you know, it's not good, right?
Uh-huh.
Who's going to be doing this?
Who's going to be doing this?
Hey, what happened to Ken Maldon?
Not did they get rid of another Jew?
No, no.
This is a...
Apparently he takes like three weeks off
with him every year.
Well, thank God.
Boy, they better not mess with Ken.
Man, oh man.
They're getting rid of everybody.
Yeah.
But you'll come back again.
You know what I just said?
Well, Christus said he's all three weeks
for the end of the year.
He'll be back.
Okay, he'll be reincarnated.
Ken Maldon, he'll come back.
I hope he's okay.
How's Ken doing?
Uh, he's doing as he's been doing
for the last couple of years, I guess, you know?
Ha, ha, ha.
Poor Ken, man.
There's a guy.
This business has really beaten him up.
But he's a great guy.
And he still shows up every day.
And he shows up every day and there's a fine job.
He's got a great voice.
And he's a real radio person and a real bench.
Not that many people in the building.
I really like what's he, I missed him a lot.
You know what I mean by?
I miss him Ken every now and then.
What?
I agree.
When he likes me, I know that.
There aren't too many people at two.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
But he's one of them.
You can have some great conversations with Kenny out there.
Yeah.
He just like throws out stuff that's like you would never expect so much.
Especially stuff that you would know anything about,
like Boston Radio when he worked in Boston 100 years ago.
I probably have discussed that type of stuff with Hank before.
Or you can just talk about Miami Radio when he worked at GBS 80
when he was a little years ago with Arnie Warren
and all that crowd of losers.
Wow.
Arnie Warren, Arnie and Amos Baby.
Now we're talking some really bad radio.
Timothy Q.A. and Hello.
Not there.
Lynn Russell told me Arnie Warren was the most professional man on the
era of Miami.
That was 100 years ago when I was working at KAT.
Lynn Russell, who's in Canada now,
a on CBC or some Vogueous out wouldn't surprise me if I turned on CBC right now.
She might be there wouldn't it be wouldn't that be something?
That would be something.
Oh, there's Hank again on CNN.
No, it's Barbara Sturms.
Breaking news.
Butto and Housh, she died.
There are some reports that she's found her wisdom.
Not killed by somebody or she was not killed by.
You know something the bottom line is it doesn't really make any difference because
no matter how you cut it, she's still dead.
That's correct.
She's still dead.
Whether she was killed by Bullets, by Shrapnel, by Stale Hall of
Ah, whatever they threw at her man, she's dead.
That's a bad way to go by the way.
So they threw a Stale Hall of Ah, to man.
First of all, they put it in a freezer for like years.
Timothy Q.A. and Hello.
And then they take it out in the Sturmskin like Rancid starts turning.
Timothy Q.A. and Hello.
I'm on this line.
Yeah, well, guess what?
Get off that line.
Okay, get back where you belong in line nine.
Simple then.
I'm on this line now.
WDQ.A.M. Hello.
You ever seen Ken Maldon Carl Maldon?
Yeah, I never seen Ken Maldon with Reverend Jones.
Thank God, Ken's got two good of taste to do that.
Loser, loser and a boozer.
Trust me when I tell you.
273 votes on the pool and Barack Obama's kick an ass.
He's got 60, switer, he's got 35.
After that, it's waste of time.
What's the biggest name?
The best.
And one tall three for seven.
You haven't got one yet.
The five sixty Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
There you best, dude.
I'm looking for the pot.
Oh, yes.
No, if anything smells like pot, it's because of my roommate.
At least, I got pot.
That's my weed.
At least, I got pot.
You're not on drugs.
Are you?
At least, I got pot.
My narrow one that keeps me smiling a lot.
I've never seen you so cheerful.
What the hell's wrong with you?
What's going to join in this, man?
Sounds like these people want to get hot.
My kind of being makes a merry Christmas.
Oh, what the hell for your friends this Christmas?
I got the weed you can have for Christmas in the bottle.
Oh, my god.
Grimper.
At least, I got pot.
You really stupid things when you're hot.
At least, I got pot.
What the hell did you enjoy, man?
Before thought you liked.
Oh, I mean, Chris, my black and white boy got packed.
Be birthday.
Don't.
So please buy my pot.
How much pot did you smoke?
So please buy my pot.
I can't remember.
So please buy my pot.
It's okay.
It's for a lot of not yet.
My pot.
He's just in a basket.
So when I make kind of this, this Christmas,
I on your list not against this Christmas.
Combine a basket of this, this Christmas from the bottom of my heart.
1117 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Happy Friday to you.
Happy New Year.
What?
I tell you this year, his just flown by, hasn't it?
Not.
I guess it did.
It's not about the year.
As you get older, man, they go by much, much faster.
That's what I think.
You get that much closer.
And I was saying that the Benizibuto wasn't killed by a bullet or by a strap.
No, I think the dog done it.
Which dog?
Tiny.
I don't know.
Yeah, tiny done it.
Tiny was being carnated as an evil, evil lure.
I'm looking at a picture of a car here, man.
I would like to go out and buy one right now.
But it's a little bit for me, you know.
It's called the Tesla Roadster.
Oh, I heard about that.
That's the one that's like, you know, I think it's like $5,000 just a test drive
or look at it or something like that.
Is it really?
I think so.
Yeah.
The Tesla Roadster is a completely new type of all electric car powered by 6,831 lithium ion batteries
like those in laptops.
I wonder why it had to be 6,831?
A true sports car can go from 0 to 6,000 under four seconds and attain a speed of 120 miles
an hour.
It's a beautiful looking buggy, baby.
It's a nice machine, man.
Tesla Motors co-founder Martin Eberhard told NBC News where the only high-performance sports
car that's also completely green.
The Roadster, not green in color, but green in, as in not polluting the air.
The Roadster travels 225 miles on a single charge.
Reportedly, has an energy efficiency equivalent to 135 miles a gallon.
Wow, even my solstice doesn't get that.
I would say that the mileage on my vet is just as good as on the solstice.
That's not really a great deal, is it?
Not really.
For a 4-cylinder pig.
With a base price of $98,000, however, so far the only buyers are well-heeled celebrities
like George Clooney, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and the founders of Google.
Even they're having to wait until remaining bugs are earned, I would deliver the car
not being promised for early in 2008.
Toe founder Eberhard himself was recently outed from the company.
After having stepped down some months ago with CEO, according to Chairman Elon Musk,
Tesla has operational problems that need to be solved.
And if the board thought there was any way that Martin could be part of the solution,
he'd still be an employer of the company.
Otherwise, he's a loser.
Eberhard himself complained, I've also signed a non-dispiragement agreement with Tesla,
so I must by contract be a bit careful about how I word things.
But I'm also not going to lie about it.
I'm not at all happy with the way I was treated.
I don't think this was the best way to handle a transition.
Not the best for Tesla Motors.
Not the best for Tesla's customers.
Do my killer strong sensory responsibility.
And not for Tesla's investors.
Attempts to found new car companies from scratch.
In general, I'm not very well.
It's doable when automotive experts were told that it'd be easy, but it's doable.
And there's another picture of it here.
And the top comes off.
It's a beauty.
Get the look, pretty nice.
Do you see it?
Do you look at the picture?
I'm on the web, sorry now.
Not right.
How can you get your name on the list?
Simply follow the instructions below and send us a $5,000 weight list payment.
Oh yeah.
Why is your hope for somebody I know doesn't see this picture?
It won't want one of those for new years.
$125 for floor mats.
What is it?
For customization, $125 bucks just for floor mats.
I see.
Why do you know it's for like the idle range?
People are like, I weighed too much money and they don't have enough to do with it.
So they did it around with stuff like that.
How is Barack Obama doing?
62 and the Dennis Cassini's 38 and swole to be 36.
She's in third place at our crowd out of 293.
And Ron Paul's people still aren't freepin.
You know, to me it's so embarrassing when anybody starts freepin' any kind of a pull.
You know what it tells me that A they're insecure and B they're stupid.
Because anybody with half a brain is going to see that they're doing it.
That's number one.
And number two, if you really had any confidence that you candidate had a chance
in the hell, you wouldn't have to be freepin' it.
Oh, here's the pull to free.
Go on there and vote 80 million times for it like that, you know, for whatever.
Forthetic.
WDQA in, hello.
Hey, you know how it's going, but.
Okay, sir.
Did you have a nice holiday?
Yeah, it was okay.
It was, you know.
That's good.
That's good.
Hey, I don't know what time it is.
It's not.
No, I said, I lift your shoulder a time to make the great show.
You know what it's like?
Quarter-stop guy.
Quarter-stop guy doing a voice.
To me?
Yeah.
That's what Chris says is the quarter-slot guy.
Quarter-stop guy?
Yeah.
He's a, uh, he's a, uh, he's a, uh, boy friend.
Oh, he's your boyfriend and the other room in a bathroom.
Okay, clean it up.
Wow, washing it off.
See, now you, you're on to him with that, uh,
because that was the quarter-slot guy doing a different voice.
Am I right?
Yeah, well, it's very good.
Unfortunately, they sound a little different over the air than they do like when I'm,
you know, screening the calls.
What's that?
Excuse now?
No, not at all.
I gotta blow my nose.
Oh, really good.
I said, winter time stuff, man.
I winter time mung.
And I think that 80,000 calorie dinner I had a wrist-press last night.
Boy, that was great.
That ribeye steak, man, if there's a better steak anywhere, I haven't had it.
Man, is that good?
I'm not talking about the cowboy ribeye.
That's too big even for a slob like me.
They give you just a big, delicious fat, juicy piece of meat.
The cowboy is the one where it's like two cut the bone.
Got the bone in.
Faaaaming!
WQAM, hello.
Can I be on a phone?
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Bill?
Yep.
I want to thank you for the bottom of my heart on the new year.
Thanks for your show.
I don't need to buy some of that anything more.
No, no.
But you know what?
You know the interesting part you're still listening.
Like I said yesterday, those people, man, the, the
negotory, the chief shot artist, they're still listening and they're calling
and they're loving it.
They're rubbing their knees together, man, with excitement.
300 votes on the pool, by the way, not too shabby in an hour and 20 minutes.
There's Joe Biden sitting there with his, uh, I wonder who he's praying to.
Yes, sir.
Who's grown up and responsible, but can, is ready to act?
He looks like a praying mantras to me right there.
His hands together deep and thought.
You're like, what the hell am I doing in here?
He got two chances, Joe.
None and much, much, much, much less than none.
WQAM, not lying.
Hello.
Can I have a check?
QAM, hello.
Hey, I got to tell you something.
Whenever I listen to my peepee, it's hard.
Very hard.
Keep listening.
QAM, hello.
Keeper than Viagra.
QAM.
Yeah, it was my birthday, Amsterdam one.
Now we don't care.
WQAM, hello.
Please, for my pee.
QAM.
Hey, how you doing, you?
Okay.
Mary Mary and happy, happy.
Back to you.
Listen, uh, talk about that Christy steak, um,
with the Christy plus month for, uh, for my country.
I said, Ruth, Ruth,
Chris, I always get it confused.
Chris, he's with Chris.
Uh, I had that same rib eye.
Do you eat the fat as well?
Do you?
Of course.
That's the best part.
Isn't it, you know, my wife looks at me going,
how can you eat that?
I go, would that's the best part of the steak?
I mean, that's for all the flavor.
And especially if you get it medium well,
like I order my steaks, if you have a medium well,
it gets really crispy and all, man, it's like,
eating ribs.
It's sweet.
I mean, it brought some moon.
I had to send it back.
And I don't know why that is people just,
like, and you would figure at a restaurant like that,
they would know how to properly cook it,
but it was still, they say pink, but it was like,
it was bleeding.
Where was this?
No, no, I ordered medium and they brought it really red.
Where was this?
This is at Ruth Chris.
I find that hard to believe, man.
When you order a steak at Ruth Chris, it's exact.
The one thing I've noticed over the years,
it's exactly the way you order it.
Well, I had to send it back from him.
When it came back, I just, I devoured the whole thing.
It was just, it was just unbelievable.
Yeah.
Great stuff.
Great stuff there.
OK.
I'll have it time.
I sure want one of them coming into my restaurant.
I'll say to that.
That's one of the things that they are notorious for,
that they're famous for is that when you order,
I always tell them I like medium well,
but a little more toward well than medium.
I don't know blood on my plate.
You don't understand?
When I want a piece of meat, I don't want blood on the plate.
Please, thank you.
How do you, medium well, a little closer to medium?
A little closer to well done.
Oh, I see.
What do I just say?
I like my steak medium or just bloody.
No, I'm like a bloody.
Blood.
I don't like a bloody.
I don't like a very nasty cow blood.
No, no.
Fat.
You can almost hear the damn thing move the way you like it.
No, no.
There's nothing to me.
There's nothing worse than going into a restaurant,
ordering like medium well or even medium or well done.
And they bring you a steak that's just oozing,
just red as a piece of raw meat, man.
Yeah, I'm not into the really, really, really red.
Oh, I like the meat cooked, but still a little bit of pink in it.
And I've had friends who like their steaks rare,
and go to them and they're good enough to make me puke.
I have to take a bag with me because I'm not a proud.
I'm just proud of Joseph, man.
Just a plate swing.
Or like people get prime rib rare.
Have you ever seen prime rib rare?
Mm-hmm.
It's like the cow is in the other room and they're like chopping it enough.
It's still making moving sounds,
but they're chopping the whole thing up.
I'll see the board and cow.
Or maybe it was Oprah.
See to me, when it's rare or even like, you know, medium rare,
it's like you just keep chewing and chewing and chewing.
It's like, no, not for me.
Now somewhere in here, I've got, I'll find it.
Oh, I know what it's under.
It's under this.
I'm sure what mommy says about the meat guys
that shout out and keep on chewing.
Oh, what biggest name?
The best talent you've ever seen in your budget.
Riddians, dumb as dirt.
Five-sixteen, you gotta be heaven, kid me radio
presents another channel-changing management pleaser.
Oh, Jaylin' Danny.
Yo, this is B.O. Jayny Gubbid.
And I'm Danny Canal.
What a game yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
What a game.
Go dolphins.
Been a big fan all my life.
You know, they are, they are lost in the game.
But we gotta be done gotten something right with the cleats.
Yeah, depending on the field condition, you need the right cleats.
The cleats, they're critical in the budget of our game,
but that mean it is what it is.
No, I thought they handled the ball really better with the right cleats.
So, that mean they could run with the ball really well.
Yeah, really well.
Yeah, they ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran the ball really well.
Yeah, they ran it really well.
When they made ball, but oh, oh, oh, something.
But I do believe they really played well.
Yeah, they played really well.
Well, you know, when they got the one-inch cleats,
instead of the three-cola inch cleats, it really better.
But they couldn't go with the cola inch cleats, you know.
You gotta have the right cleats.
Yeah, you got something to say.
I hear a sub by 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
Oh, yo.
What is this?
You're getting your checks from the dolphins or something?
Which was all this gay worship.
Hey.
No, I mean, there's more important things going on
than the garbage you're putting on the air.
You know, like it.
Tuna.
I will.
I say Tuna.
Right, I will.
You don't put a list of it, right, Danny?
That would never have been seen.
Right.
Now, like I was saying, about the cleats.
Yeah, the cleats.
That guy was wrong.
Cleats are very important.
You got the big cleats, small cleats,
that cleats thing.
Cleats.
Shop cleats, tall cleats.
Cleats for the feet.
Cleats.
Cleats for the feet.
Yeah.
That's what I got me some cleats.
All kinds of cleats.
That's the cleats.
Fold of feet.
Cleats.
Cleats.
Cleats.
Cleats.
Cleats.
As can say, cleats.
1132 at 560 W.A.M.
Thank the Lord for that, baby.
He can say cleats.
Everybody's a broadcast.
You just remember that.
Keep that in mind.
If they ever wore Josh stamp,
if they ever took a shower with a bunch of other guys,
they're a broadcast.
They're a full man.
Dead is a door now.
I thought we were on a pretty good roll here today.
Didn't you need to go to the mall?
Well, give it a two minutes for the delayed catch up.
Oh, wait.
Chris is way to half hour for the delayed catch up.
567-0560.
I may have got a very big pile of stuff here,
but you know, it's new years.
Oh, I like this.
And being the old fart today.
Remember a few weeks ago, I said I wanted to go
into stamp collecting again, like when I was a kid?
Yeah, what's that called?
Flavily.
It's called the fun for old fart and kids.
Just don't get caught with what?
Flannily.
Q-I-M, hello.
Chastrophe.
One of the most famously flawed stamps in US history,
sold for $825,000 to a New York man,
who bought it slightly cheaper than the record price
another inverted Jenny coffee fetched at auction last month.
And inverted Jenny.
Through her, in 1918, 24 cents stamp,
to pick you an upside down Curtis J and four biplane known as Jenny,
was sold privately last week to a Wall Street executive
who didn't want to be identified.
Heritage auction galleries president Greg Rohan,
who broke her to sale, said the buyers the same collector
who lost an auction last month,
and was another inverted Jenny.
So for $977,500,
Rohan said his client whom he described
as not being a wearstand collector
was that he had another chance at the prized misprint.
I suspect he's going to enjoy owning it
and showing it to a few close friends, Rohan said.
If I was him, I'd just show them a picture of it.
You know what I mean?
I mean, we like having the winning lottery together.
I've often wondered about that.
Like Mark Knight, a lot of here is 22 million tax
if I've ever won a lottery ticket.
If I get a winning lottery ticket,
for like a real, the grand prize,
I think it is the lottery officials.
Right, that's what I'm thinking.
The mint condition red, white and blue stamp
is one of the finest known surviving stamps
from the original sheet of 100 misprints.
The original 100 were bought at a Washington DC post office in 1918.
Oh my, this is the rules rise they say,
the most expensive airmail stamp in the world.
Worth almost a million bucks.
What a crock of crap, Ola.
Although the way things are going, you know,
with your president and with a price of gas,
maybe it's going to cost a million bucks for a stamp.
One of these days soon.
The way it's going, yeah.
Yeah, with snail mail.
Whoever came up with that expression, snail mail.
What a stupid ass.
Well, that's, you know, that's the impudence.
That's the arrogance, the condescending attitude of all the
computer experts, you know, like you.
Which is snail and then there's snail mail.
How do you send somebody a check by email?
I mean, I know you can pay bills online.
You can, you know, transfer funds online.
But how do you send somebody an actual paper check?
Schmock in the mail.
325 votes on our presidential pool, not bad.
Of all the people running for president, who be your choice?
Barack Obama's 77.
Little Dennis Cressonich and his flying saucer 42.
Swelleries only got 38.
None of the above 37.
John Edwards 33.
Yehu.
Drulling Yehu.
Ron Paul 26.
They're not free for yet.
Wait till over the weekend, man.
I'll go nuts.
They'll go ape Schmidt.
You'll see.
Rudy Giuliani's 17, Joe Biden 12.
Mike Huckabee 11.
Bill Richardson 9.
Fred Thompson 7.
An evil doer if ever there was one, man.
One of the most evil redneck, bigoted, hateful pieces of garbage.
He's got seven.
John McCain 5.
Mitt Romney 4.
Chris Dodd 4.
And Michael Rell, only three.
I think they're trying to wait for Mitt Romney.
Now they heard about that magic underwear.
Remember the call of the other day?
Yep.
WDQYM, hello.
I'm the broad cap.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
He's a broad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Listen, I'm 15 years old and I'm home over winter break.
I've listened to you for a while.
And I made this for you.
So here you go.
Oh, Neil.
God.
I'm dying on the land.
Oh, the ride.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards?
That is great radio.
OK, there we go.
Yeah, I dumped that one.
It was going pretty good for a while.
It was going great until you got to the A-hole part, pal.
While he's 15 years old when you know, that wasn't too bad, though.
Now that was a good job until you got to the part you had a dump having to do with.
Right.
At least you got a button that works in there.
I'm assuming, right?
Well, I'm hoping it does.
Yeah.
Don't be starting with that.
Like you did earlier in the week, that one day, you had me, uh, I was like hyperventilating.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
When is this?
Uh, I hate to bring up the topic.
I know there's talk of you leaving.
Can I say something to you?
Yes.
Into the entire audience.
Yes.
My contract runs another year in a few days.
Right.
So the idea that for the next year, we're going to talk about my leaving or where I'm going to be.
It is so pathetic.
What's the point?
Yeah, right.
I wanted to ask you something else, but I want to have the longest goodbye in the history of radio.
Okay.
I want to I prep it to the wrong, but my question is,
I'm a loyal fan.
It was the last day, whenever that is, you know, whenever I don't want to say when.
Is there any way you could just tell us some Mohawar David's story just the last day?
What do you mean some Mohawar David's story?
What could I tell you that I haven't told you already?
Well, you know, have I held something back?
No, not really, but the specifics that things you couldn't say before.
That's what I mean.
Like what?
You know, how nasty he may have been or something.
He was nasty.
That's right.
He was nasty and divisive and hate-monger and trying to get everybody fired and a piece of crap.
All right.
That's great.
I'll be a little, but that's a good answer.
I'm just hoping a little more specifics.
Uh, more like what?
You know, maybe that we've been getting or running commentary for however many years this has been
going on.
However many years he darkened our door.
I don't know what more I could say about the other than this.
Don't don't don't don't.
Have a great new year, sir, and a great life because obviously, I have no life.
338 votes on your poll.
What's our goal today?
500?
Sounds good to me.
That would please the hell out of me.
I'll tell you right now.
338 and the good news is Ron Paul's crowd.
They still aren't freaking yet.
They were the biggest names.
Someone else.
She's got his new projects.
4.25.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
It's Friday, you were, Steve.
Those hot bull kids in Miami are smart.
They changed the name too.
Alien heart.
Explication is out.
Down to a fine heart.
That's where the bugs are.
You can't miss out on Lazarow 8.
Until you see the religion.
Giant water right.
Where you grab a junior rat.
That's what you're floating up to a democracy.
Down.
Back up the queue.
Down.
Underwater and drown and back around.
You look a rough little down.
It's the biggest party we've ever seen.
Down people make sure all the toilets are clean.
Those eyes are autographed.
Like a big shot media star.
And then a barge your car.
It's all about how important you feel.
There's a rest of the hundreds.
It's no big deal.
For a thousand years, fun.
Go down the alien heart.
I'm here.
There's an iron beer from the Roast Coast band.
And rockin' music by La Vanda.
The politicians trans-dance.
18 thirds of dance.
Under a comedy flag.
At least for Ronis, when they're probably playing.
Back to the Queen of Miami, what it is today.
That's called the boy that's up.
Oh, great.
We now call it the young part.
Oh, it's the young part.
Oh, it's the young part.
Oh, it's the young part.
Oh, it's the young part.
Here comes my favorite part.
We're trails on.
It's kind of like a public snowskirt with the same thing.
See that cruise would be so proud, you know?
Uh-huh.
But anyway.
It's 1146-14, you'll know.
And so the kid had a really good idea there.
But I guess he thought that if he slipped at the A-hole thing,
there would be a middle-age.
Yeah, we wouldn't notice.
It would somehow just kind of like slip on by,
guess what?
Sorry.
Man texting while driving when he hit taunting
with SUV, this is in the Boston Globe.
I know it's a Boston story, but it's an example
of the kind of crap that goes on.
Like here, and I keep telling you this,
the driving in Toronto is so much worse than South Florida,
you won't even believe it.
You wouldn't believe it.
They're reading magazines.
They're like doing everything but driving.
And slow.
Oh my God.
It's one thing to be polite.
You know, that's nice.
It's another thing to be too polite.
Slow, terrified.
To me, besides inebriated, the worst driver is the scared driver,
which is why so many women are bad drivers,
scared to death.
If you're scared, get off the road.
Give the keys to somebody else, take the thing
and throw the dumpster and get out of our face.
A man accused of killing a 13-year-old boy
to hit and run in taunt and mass told police
he was behind the wheels, typing a text message on his cell phone.
When he lost control of his SUV,
he hit what he thought was a mailbox.
Cranked bigos, 31-told investigators.
He didn't realize the SUV had struck the boy in the bicycle
until he drove back down Pools Street hours
later on his way to work at a restaurant.
The boy, whose name has been released,
was sleeping over to Friendshouse Thursday night.
The teens had gone out at 12-30 and were
going to meet two girls.
The victim was riding a bicycle and his friend
was walking on the soft shoulder of the road.
Police said the friend also 13 attempted to call 911
but was unable to get through on his cell phone.
He goes, how is Heng is heading court today?
When is this from? This is you today.
And was released in $1,000 bail.
He was arraigned on charges that included
motor vehicle homicide, leaving the scene
of the accident resulting in death
and driving without a license.
Oh, that's nice.
All of these things.
His lawyer, Daniel R. Igo, said in court
that Degos had never been convicted of a crime
and has four children with his girlfriend of 12 years.
He was driving from his mother's in New Bedford
to the home he shares with his girlfriend
out of William Street.
Eight of his relatives came to court today.
Police said the 1995 Florida Explorer
because was driving was found parked at his home.
He turned himself in, yes,
turned day after noon.
Driving without a license,
leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death
and did a little in a message on his cell phone
while he was supposed to be driving.
Very nice.
This is part of the new deal now.
Yes, so this morning coming to work on the turn bike.
Cars on the right hand lane and like just
I seem coming up behind my left lane.
I seem coming up all of a sudden like the gap closes
so we couldn't like cut in front of me.
So instead he goes to the right and passes
about six cars on the right shoulder.
On the shoulder.
Yeah, on the right hand shoulder.
Uh-huh.
Just kept going like 80 miles an hour.
Just so no big deal, you know, passed like a couple trucks
and just kept going like it was just another day.
I'm like, yeah, that's real good.
Everybody's a driver.
Everybody's a broadcaster and everybody's a driver.
It's like magic.
Poof, you're a driver, you know?
That's what I'm talking about.
Box of Cracker Jacks, there's a license in it.
And of course if you're like an illegal alien
and you know, we give you a driver's license.
A 57 Chevy and a bunch of green stamps.
357 on a Polar Aquabamas leading 79.
How's Ron Paul still down there?
31 good.
Thank you.
Save the creeping till the weekend, okay?
WDQA and hello.
It puts 2000.
Boring, you are boring man.
You are so boring with your one note Johnny routine.
It puts your eyes in the basket.
It puts a, you know, I'm going to say it again.
These people, how come you and Hank are so nasty to the cars
because the overwhelming majority of cars are A-holes, okay?
They're morons, they're simple things, they're idiots.
They all think they got stick, baby.
They got something going on.
They're funny, they're amusing, they're entertaining.
They suck, they're garbage.
They're subhuman swill.
That's why.
It puts the crab in the basket.
Oh my god, I like to see you, sir, face to face.
I like to spit blood right into your ugly face.
I like to, oh, and speak it over that.
I got my mustard here.
My French is me yellow mustard.
And I'm cooking a bratwurst right now
because you were so grossed out yesterday
that I had that raw weenie
that I'm not going to do that again.
I'm cooking up a bratwurst or white weenie.
That's good.
In my little thing there.
What's that oven?
Flavoy.
Flavoy, very good.
Have you got one?
I do not have one, but I've seen them all that advertised.
They're great.
That's what I see here.
I'll just about every day, every single day.
Then use it last night because I had that big,
great meal and Ruth Christian,
including that dessert man that caramelized
banana cream fry.
Oh god, is that good?
I better not go back to work in soon.
For another week.
In another couple days.
WQA and hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm tired of leaving it on the yield.
What about you?
Tired of what?
What do you say Tired of what?
Tired of something, tired of you.
I understand a damn thing you said, schmuck.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, you're right.
These colors are pathetic.
Mm-hmm.
You know what?
I know it.
You've got the great Lucy Lopez guy right here.
Yeah, okay, great.
Not interested.
Calvin George is on, okay?
Talk all about Lucy Lopez.
The Lucy Lopez guy.
It's the quarter slots guy and the Lucy Lopez guy
and all these people.
But that's the repertoire man.
That's a middle of their material.
Perfect.
They all got their one thing man.
Although I will say at least for him,
even though as annoying as he is,
at least he'd been mixing it up a little lately, you know?
Oh, a rock caster.
You know, at least he changes a little bit.
Oh, well, you know, it's new year.
He's got to come up with some new material.
Was that what it is?
Oh.
They're coming up with some new lines for the new year run.
And tell your boyfriend,
Chamba there, that the suicide is really,
a lot of people commit suicide on New Year's Eve, okay?
It sounds like a really good idea.
I'm with the Doctor Jack, man.
I believe assisted suicide is a great idea.
If you hear like a little of beep go off,
it'll be my flavor wave oven.
It'll be the weenie is ready.
Okay.
The brat worst.
And of course, I'll just jump up and go get it.
Although the great thing about the flavor wave is that
even when it gets to the end of how many minutes
you're cooking it for,
it just keeps reheating it for a while.
You can leave it in there for an hour.
And when you take it out, it's still going to be hot.
And the brat worst too.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
I'm here, Frank.
Q-I-M, hello.
Neil?
Yes.
What did I ever do to you, Schmuck?
Come on, you say something else.
Can't do it, can't it?
And I can't do it now.
Say, not capable.
Now was that proof?
I mean, that was quick, man.
That was exactly what I just got through saying.
What did I ever do to you guy?
Not to be confused with a 25 cent slot guy.
Slok guy or Reverend Jones or
Prosac or any of those.
But it sure is how better
when, all the way, I do have some interesting crap in my pile here.
Like it's going to be $80 million for a gas.
Gas prices predicted hit peak in 2008.
It's depressing.
Now as we're going to the new year,
I don't want to be a lot of depressing stuff.
All the news around the world is depressing.
Then is there a butto?
Oh, it wasn't strapped out.
It wasn't bullets.
It wasn't the dog done it.
She had a bad headache and she croaked.
Well, whatever.
All this arguing about what it was that killed her.
I mean, you know, the bottom line is she's still dead.
She got assassinated, baby.
She's dead.
Dead.
Dead.
Oh, man.
Don't let me play that today.
Well, not, man.
It's a good bit, but it's just been planted too much.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm with my aunt.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hello, man.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Grab my tuna, honey.
Q-A-M, hello.
I've got the air.
Yep.
Hey, uh, this one I wish you a happy new year.
Thanks for bringing back the ticket giveaway.
Thanks for the hockey tickets and thanks for taking calls.
Okay.
Happy new year, Neil.
Happy new year to you, sir.
Thanks for taking these great calls, man.
Hey, listen, that's what they want.
They want a lot of calls on the air.
They don't mean they mean the management here.
They don't give a crap.
They want me out of here, baby.
I'm not going anywhere.
Well, maybe I will.
Maybe I won't.
We'll see.
Who knows?
I don't know.
Time will tell.
Well, it's sure a long-
I put it in there for 12 minutes.
The brat works because when you're cooking pork like that,
all of it, those are pre-cooked.
All those blocks.
You know, we don't want to get no tricky noses because then people might think that we're
Jewish.
So let me ask you, Chris, are you Jewish?
Uh, no.
How about Allison, is he Jewish?
Uh, I don't know.
Have you found an unusual question to ask somebody at a workplace?
I mean, are you Jewish?
Don't you find it a little bit strange?
Mm-hmm.
Like if you saw somebody in the elevator, like, uh, what's his name?
Carlisle.
By me.
Freaky Carlisle.
The next time you come into the elevator, if he's sitting out there,
hey, Carlisle, are you Jewish?
Are you really...
Fiiiiming!
Gay.
Oh, yeah.
Has he looked with the Susan Luthe yet?
Whatever, name his, Kuchi Kuchi Susan Luthe?
I don't know.
He's not a Kishbrek a week or two, so.
Oh, but he's probably going to visit the Tammy Faye Baker in her crypt obsessed with Tammy
Faye, which rhymes with Gay.
I don't know what that's all about.
What was it with her and Fagzik?
I got them so infatuated with her.
Maybe it was all that the mascara.
Yeah, it's her.
What might it be?
The best out of Tito.
His new Rajas.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is very quick.
Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
I mean, look at Rosie.
Anybody that has the kids Rosie, I feel very sorry for.
So-phone videos and I'm going to say it's execution.
Edna Cole Smith has until the end of the day to get an eternity test for her four month-old
daughter.
Smith claims that boyfriend Howard K. Stern is the father of the Indianapolis when Super
Gold 41, the tug of war over Anna Nicole's body.
Howard K. Stern wants to bury Anna Nicole in the Bahamas.
A space shuttle astronaut is doing a Florida courtroom this morning to face serious
charges stemming from an alleged love triangle.
At least say 43 or Lisa Noah act was armed with a bevy gun and knife when she drove from
Houston to Orlando to confront a woman she considered her romantic rival.
There are reports that she'd award diapers to not stop.
It's called live earth and it will involve concerts on seven continents to promote awareness
of global warming.
Video Britney Spears with a shaved head circulates over the internet now and around the world.
Well, it took a big core battle with the body of Anna Nicole Smith has finally been in bomb.
America voting.
San Gaya.
You are going all tonight.
Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin has died at the age of 76.
Rosalindon will deliver to Lam Shill on the view this morning announcing she's leaving the show.
Could Paris Hilton be going to jail?
More legal trouble today for actor David Hasel Haugh.
Big fat lesbian loud rosy attacks innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
Lindsay Lohan cracks up her car.
Jailed life for Paris Hilton.
The hotel Harris is spending her first full day in a county lockup.
Paris Hilton has been sprung.
Remanding Paris Hilton back into custody immediately.
If President Bush had not acted twice President Cheney's former aide would have been reported to prison in a matter of weeks.
Al Gore-san has been released from a Santa Ana jail after reportedly posting a $20,000 bail.
actress Lindsay Lohan is now out of rehab and reportedly already spent a weekend partying in Las Vegas.
Anti-war activists in the city she had in several hundred protesters are calling for the impeachment of President Bush.
We had Lindsay Lohan booked on the show tonight but apparently she was already booked.
And have you heard about the Britney Steers photo shoot?
Her behavior has been described now as a complete meltdown.
Nicole Richie is President. Richie Legilty last week to drive under the influence last December for driving the wrong way on the freeway.
Another mochot for Lizzy Lohan.
Very bonds has become baseball's new home run king but use his record tainted.
Playing bumper cars with Britney Steers.
Could this be her latest meltdown?
The other two reportedly crashing her Mercedes into a parked station wagon in Hollywood when inspecting the damage.
She managed to hit the car again.
Arle Road has called it quits.
The flooding was so bad Hillary Clinton had to switch from her pantsuit to wet suit.
The tell is recalling millions of Chinese made toys today.
On the day Michael Vick should have been with his Atlanta Falcons teammates getting ready for tonight's big game.
The star quarterback in stand was in a federal courtroom pleading guilty to dog fighting charges.
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty police stemming from an incident in an airport men's room.
Craig stated he is not gay three times, saying he did nothing wrong at the Minneapolis airport.
Earlier today a very confused president Bush oughted to ban on all pencils and photo in China because he said they may contain the leds.
I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people look at the Minneapolis airport.
Las Vegas police are calling OJ Simpson a suspect.
He says he was conducting quote a sting operation.
Out of sync and stumbling around Britney Spears big comeback.
Fold flat.
Kendall Anderson has walked down the aisle once again.
Yes, you know, my now Britney Spears has lost custody of her children.
Yeah, I was gonna talk to them in at night and lip sync a lullaby tonight.
Kid Ronk is out of jail following his arrest after allegedly fighting outside a Waffle House restaurant in the Atlanta area.
Harry Potter fans this one's for you. It turns out the character dumbledore is gay.
Vice President Dick Cheney is going hunting again.
I don't know if the writer is gonna strike or not.
Hudson Coles. This is the latest in NFL history that unbeaten teams have met.
House Democrats introduced a proposal yesterday to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney.
Another hard scare for Vice President Dick Cheney.
Got your virtual radio host Don I'm Mrs. Back on the air.
Former Vice President Al Gore and members of the U.M. Climate Change Panel are now officially Nobel laureates.
For their work on global warming has beat because for 34 13 13 at O now the NBC announced that Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien are returning to TV in January.
Emily Anderson she filed for divorce on Friday. Then yesterday she had a tangerine.
For all anxiety.
For all anxiety.
We'll take a cup of kindness.
Get for all anxiety.
We'll take a cup of kindness.
Let me ask you this question.
It just dawned on me during this break in that long bit.
What's George gonna be doing out there at Gulf Stream next Thursday?
He's going to be doing the way Lee put it. His part of the show.
He's still there.
Down here.
That's what he said.
What does that mean?
I guess he'll be saying, I'm here. No, I'm here. I'm listening to you.
So I don't know.
He can't obviously not be able to hit any buttons or anything.
So he's just going to be sitting out there at Gulf Stream?
Yeah, he's going to be out there. He'll wave to people that come by.
He'll be talking on the air because people don't care that you're actually on the air.
They'll just talk to you anyways.
And he'll be out there doing his thing.
It's a 388 votes on your pool. You're never going to make no 500 in the name.
Mr. Like I said, 450 sounds really promising.
That's what I said.
Of all the people running for present, who'd be your choice?
Barack Obama 85, Dennis, Chris, and his 47,
Swolory Clinton 44, John Edwards 41 for that Jullin Yehu.
Nothing could be finer than to get out of Carolina.
None of the above 38, Ron Paul 34, Rudy Giuliani 24, Joe Biden 16.
My cock will be 11, far bison.
Bill Richardson 11, John McCain 10, Fred Thompson 9, Mid-Romney 7,
Micra Velfort and Chris Dodd 4, Poor Chris Dodd, you know.
Such a good guy, but just no shot, no chance, Chris.
WQAM, hello.
I need a textbook, all right.
QAM, hello.
41.
QAM.
Final, better to get out of Carolina.
None of the above 38.
Radio turned, were you up in the drain?
4, Rudy Giuliani 24, Joe Biden 16.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, if you've been Indian, Mickey, Suki, resident.
No.
If you're true, they have a quarter of a slotch?
No, no.
Oh.
Las Vegas, real Las Vegas, Las Vegas.
Las Vegas, Las Vegas.
No, is this the quarter-shot guy again?
Yes.
Yes, this is the quarter-shot guy.
And let me ask you this question, sir.
Let me ask you this question.
Why are you calling?
Why are you calling this show?
Because when I went by the Suki Indian,
let me ask you the question again.
Why are you calling this show?
Your show is great, Neil.
And you are not.
You are grotesque.
You are not just.
You're offensive.
You're an idiot and go away.
OK, go away.
Don't go away, Matt.
Just go away.
But other than that, you know what that reminds me?
That guy that called you that, Neil, why are you so bitter?
Why are you so not bitter?
Not me.
394 on a pool, like I said we got.
I don't know.
Who knows what we'll get?
We'll get what we'll get.
I mean, this is an old brainer, man.
Just a few days before the Iowa caucus.
When you think there were everybody in their brother,
we all whipped up about this about presidential politics.
It's only just a little under a year before the election.
Mm-hmm.
Now did you get your absentee balance sent to you?
No.
What?
Why do I have to have it now?
I'll get it.
Oh, well, you're fishing around for it.
I'm going to vote.
I did last time, and I'll do it again.
I hope you're going to vote.
But no, like I got mine.
I don't know why they sent it to me because I didn't ask for it to.
But they sent me one.
Why would they send you one?
I don't know.
I mean, because well, you can do it as like, you know, an absentee ballot
or whatever.
No, they'll send it to you.
But it was sent to me, I guess, a week or two ago,
but it was still under the Republican.
So I ripped it up.
Ah!
That may be QIAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, I might radio turn up.
But before when I called, I just want to let you know I was leaving it on the
open, but I'm tired of it.
Yeah, okay, good.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year, and I still got nothing to say.
Okay, I'm sure that.
So we even got the Yovangite today, boy.
That we're going out in the style, man, from 2007.
We're out in big, big fat style.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hola.
QAM.
Good to see you.
QAM.
Good to see you.
Hi.
Good afternoon.
Can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil, how are you doing today?
I'm doing fine.
How are you doing today?
I am rolling around and studying Miami and having fun.
You were stuck in your room in a cloudy and disold damp and freezing cold.
I have no problems, sir.
My life is fine.
I know I'm sure.
I know complaints.
Life is more than just weather and palm trees.
Okay, no, it may come as a shock to you.
I'm glad you were there and I'm very glad that I'm here.
You're right.
Now, I wanted to ask you because I never get the whole story.
And I don't get to listen all the time.
I wish I could listen every day, every all the time you're on.
But I can't.
What is going on as far as you're leaving or something I'm hearing?
And I don't get that.
Are they crazy?
They're something?
There's two questions.
Right.
Two questions.
You know the answer to the second one.
So I want to get to the spare.
They aren't crazy.
And it's a, I got a year to go.
Like I've told you, you've been listening and you've heard me say it and I have a year
to go.
So what's the big panic?
Yeah, I didn't know that.
I know that.
They're, well, they're crazier than we all thought.
Well, sir, let me say it again.
I have a year to go.
I could be dead in six months.
I could be dead by the end of this call if I don't curtail it.
Oh.
Oh, Neil, what are they doing?
Oh, it's my god.
I should have started this like four or five years ago.
Would have made for even greater drama.
Save the drama for your mama.
Okay, sir.
Yeah, save your drama for your mama.
Save it for my mama.
She's still dead.
Just like Benizio Buto.
W and Q.A.M.
Hello.
I look for it.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'll speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Okay.
How are you?
Great.
Thank you so much.
Did you get the news on the Johnny Dark retirement?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
That's all news.
I thought it was retirement.
It was like he walked out.
Oh, is that right?
Was that under Acroonia circumstances?
Yes, that's what I heard.
Oh, it's another beastly disaster.
There you go, sir.
There you go.
Hey, I'd like to start a quick radio rumor right here.
Okay, good.
567-0560, column 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
I want to start a radio rumor.
Joel Feinberg is an A-hole.
How do you like that?
Well, that's not a rumor.
That's just a fact.
Two men, one with a suspected broken jaw,
have been airlifted from the Antarctic's most remote research facility.
After an incident described as a drunken Christmas punch-up,
oh, those brits.
This is written in the Sydney, Australia newspaper, as a punch-up.
The brawl happened at the U.S. operated Ammonson Scott Soft-Full Station,
located at the heart of the frozen continent.
Well, we got to do something down there.
The station where staff carry out a range of scientific investigations
from astrophysics to seismology is currently being rebuilt
in a 76 million pound project, 150 million bucks.
After reports of the fly-reached staff at McMurdo station,
headquarters of the U.S. Antarctic program, which is located on Ross Island,
a U.S. Air Force Hercules was sent to pick up the injured man and the other worker.
They were flown back to Maccurdow,
was decided the man's injuries were too serious to be treated in Antarctica.
It was taken on the Christ Church New Zealand, accompanied by a nurse in a paramedic.
Many of the McMurdo staff have expecting a day off for Christmas,
but support workers returned and deal with the rare emergency medical evacuation.
There was an altercation between two people.
There's no indication of the cause of the background between the two folks.
It was a Christmas brawl.
What else are they going to do with the Antarctic?
Maybe dip it with each other a little bit,
and then get into a big brawl, right?
What are they going to do down there?
So how do you rate the call so far today?
I'm an aggravation student.
Oh, yeah.
Think about it.
They're great, man.
That's what it's neal interacting with those same eight-collars, man.
It's great in the sunshine state.
407 on a pull.
We're going to get 500 a day, man.
You'll see.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent for your new projects.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Wait until you hear what they say.
It's all next on Mary King Live.
This is Mary King Live in Washington.
Let's go to phone calls and hello.
This is Mary Craig Colley.
Hi.
Hi, speaker.
Activity and bathrooms.
Why men's rooms?
I am gay.
Well, nothing against being gay.
Even more on my hand.
Rolls.
Spread my legs.
This is where it goes on in bathrooms, right?
Yes, sir.
You get them in the mall and not care about it, too?
Yes.
I do.
I do.
Thanks so much.
Thank you.
Bye.
Go get them, Possible.
We'll be right back on Mary King Live.
Don't go away.
This is Mary Craig Colley.
You can reach me on myself.
All inspector is now willing to come out.
Mary Craig.
Republicans want you to go away.
I am willing to fight.
But you're going to make you try to stay.
No one believes in Mary Craig.
Stupidly.
We've reached a high state level.
We've tried to have a man and heart to flee.
You're fair.
You tired of all your hypocrisy.
Oh, Mary Craig, give up your seats.
If you have to go then just go best you don't say.
It is my intent to resign.
You did something wrong.
You don't feel lonely Craig.
Give me the chance on it.
I'm gay and I get on me.
Your new office will be labeled man.
No one believes in love.
You're very.
Don't be heated by a 60-degree query.
I'm going to be in five.
Yeah, have a good time Mary.
Tap it one more time.
Studies show that 60% of regular church goers are women
and one group of men believes that the reason is that Christianity is too soft.
How do you like that?
Did you ever think Christianity is being too soft?
I always thought I'd never thought of like that.
ABC's nightline visited a meeting at a Tennessee shopping mall
nearly 300 men who called themselves God men
and say they want a cowboy up as followers of Jesus.
At the meeting the men were encouraged to get in touch with their feelings about Internet pornography,
at a dollar a year and of course, homosexuality.
Christian conservative stand-up comic brand Cline.
Christian conservative stand-up comic.
Oh my God.
Who co-founded the God men group?
Told ABC that Sunday church services are excessively straight-laced
and disconnected from men's concerns.
Too straight-laced not gay.
Laced.
We have nothing to lose.
He said we don't have any congregation we have to answer to.
We're just guys trying to be straight and being real.
All right.
Peter Confel and author of No More Christian Nice Guy explained to ABC
that Christianity suffers because we only emphasize the tender stuff.
We can't have to tough stuff about Jesus and that's awfully unfortunate.
You can't live without courage.
Be good instead of nice but know that you're going to make enemies in the process
Confel and told a group Jesus never said we couldn't have any enemies.
He just said to pray for them.
Stein wants to understand that God men is not against women.
Women are equal partners in our marriage as he stated they had equal control.
Near the end of the session, Klein introduced ex gay Michael Brewer.
Ex-gay?
Right.
Who spoke of his belief that gay sex is wrong and is struggling to learn how to be a real
heterosexual Christian man.
Now we're talking like Fred Thompson maybe.
He was loudly cheered and applauded by the crowd.
Interesting how the more muscular approach seems to have led to a kind of acceptance
was necklines final comment.
The more muscular Christian approach that's right,
when it out muscle arrest of mouth.
Cowboy Christians.
Now we're talking.
Damn God.
Not about to literally libert pansies.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's see if we get some interesting callers on here in his last couple of hours.
So it's a gackie from 2 to 4 this afternoon.
It's a gackie.
You know it's the holidays baby.
And the Humper today his second last show and his last show on QN Monday.
Which he'll be calling in on my show on Monday morning.
You can bet your life on it.
WDQA and hello.
Hey Neil, happy holidays.
Back to you.
Happy New Year.
Is there anybody you can get into more specifics about tiny and his bowel movements when you're around?
No, after we get into more specifics about Mo.
Happy holidays, Neil.
Yeah, see you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Does this, I, aren't you, I know you've been on about a year on this show,
but aren't you just astonished?
I'm sorry I missed tiny.
I'm not talking about tiny.
I'm talking about these calls.
Yeah.
These people, these humans.
And I use the term very loosely.
These creatures, these creatures.
WDQA and hello.
Mentor Neil.
QA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
What about the fans?
They're done.
Do they think they're going to make it fair off this year?
No.
What about, Luangos, what the cousin seems to be bad right now, right?
What?
Luangos trade doesn't seem too bad right now, right?
It's one of the worst trades in the history of the sports, sir.
It's one of the worst trades.
Alex Ald is on his fourth team, okay, since he was traded away.
Well, cool.
He's doing pretty good.
He's going to go.
I'm sorry.
Let me say it again.
One of the worst trades in the history of the game, my hockey expert.
Don't start with a hockey craft, okay?
The Leafs suck, by the way.
They really blow.
Oh, they're in a spot on Leafs TV.
What is shame?
How's that Panthers TV channel doing?
Who?
Panthers TV.
Hey, they're winning right now, sir.
Yeah.
They won a couple of games.
They won't make the playoffs.
Food territory.
Barbecue Indianapolis.
Get on the ball.
Get on the ball.
Get on the ball.
Get on the ball.
Where's the NFL network?
Oh, that was it.
Let's get on the racing channel again.
It's Race One, and the Aqueduct coming up.
Seven minutes to post.
Who'd you bet on?
Audio from Aqueduct.
A little scratchy, eh?
Who'd you bet on?
I'm betting on the Seven Horse, seven to one.
Okay.
Always throw out the chalk, man.
That's a chalk player's just eat dust.
Throw out the chalk.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hola.
Hello.
Yeah, what is your honor, American ass, K-Up?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
All right.
Hey, I just want to tell you I agree with you about the whole run,
and the poll thing.
Uh-huh.
And the guy's got a lot of good ideas.
I just don't know what you know what should Americans do to actually get somebody in office
with good ideas, or why can't we?
Is it the media or what do you think it is?
Stupidity.
You asked me a question.
I'm telling you the answer.
It's stupid.
Yeah, okay.
American public are dumber than the box of rocks.
They're dumb.
They have no idea what's going on around them.
And they're led by the media.
If they had any brains, they wouldn't be led by the media.
They'd be out revolting in the streets.
They'd be demonstrating screaming their lungs out.
They'd be on a phone to CNN, and they'd be burning fox news down to the ground, but not American.
Yeah, I hear you.
I agree.
They're both of sheep.
The American people are sheep.
All right, man.
Happy New Year.
And then back to you.
I'm at note.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What are you doing for lunch today?
I just had it.
Yeah.
I forgot to mention, I already had my brothers during that bit by the way, Chris.
Just in the middle of the way.
I think I played it.
Yeah.
I was cruising around with my windows down.
Yeah, good.
You sounded aboard the death man because of where you are, or maybe who you are.
This one's always excellent.
Q-I-N.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil?
Yes.
Neil, I wrote to Joe Bell an email, and I got to reply back to him.
He mentioned you there.
I wanted to follow the email to you.
If you didn't, the interest didn't mean it.
Why can't you just tell me what he said?
Okay.
What I did was I told him that I can't believe how he's immaculating.
What was a great sports station by replacing Hank Goldberg and Eddie Kaplan.
And I told him, on air talent after dark, he's assembled tryouts for a party.
Sir, I don't want to hear you're long rambling the message to him.
What did he respond?
What did he say?
Okay.
He said that.
He said, thanks for the email.
He said, I appreciate hearing from our listeners even when I agreed to this room, my decisions.
As for Neil, we offered him all we could afford to pay him.
We'll see what happens.
Uh-huh.
What does that mean?
No, because I mentioned that I listened to Neil until you and your listeners were with him, decided to replace him too if he, if that's Eric Clark.
So he said that, he said that they offered you what they could afford to pay you.
Yeah. Well, good, good, good, good, good to come drop.
Okay. Thank you very much, sir.
I'll see you done under.
26th pass noon at QAM.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
His email logics.
456QAM.
The fourth leader.
Why the U.S. did?
This is softball with Chris Matthews.
What is candidates to be president in 2008 but are they qualified?
I'm Chris Matthews. Let's play softball.
Hello, Clint and welcome to softball.
I'm going to ask you a question.
Everybody else is free to ask Senator Poppies.
Are they cute?
I love Poppies.
I'm going to hold you to that.
Rudy Joyanne, you were mayor of New York on 9-11.
Pizza. Is it delicious?
Well, Chris, it depends on the topping.
Sometimes you get questions and challenges of pizza is delicious.
Of course. Yes, it's delicious.
I'm going to call you out and find a Barack Obama joins us via silent.
Senator Obama, do you love your mother?
Absolutely, Chris.
I think everyone loves his or her mother.
Keep it a month.
It's a softball.
I've did it right. Fred Thompson will give his his state on his fellow fresh baked chocolate chip cookies.
I love that.
I don't like Chris Matthews, man.
Softball is the understabbing of the century.
Hey, Chris, how about saying something for once in your life?
I don't mean you. I mean, Chris Matthews.
He's a wafer.
He's just all around the edges.
And every now and then he comes up with some stentorian statement.
Pretend to say something.
He doesn't say anything.
At least Keith Obergman lets you know where he's coming from.
And he says something.
As opposed to like beating around the bush.
Chris, you watch most Matthews?
No, that's right.
I don't want to show.
Good luck. Good thinking.
430 in and full.
We're going to make that 500.
What did I tell you?
Look at that phone, man.
Wow.
Well, it's only a couple days before the end of the year.
And I bet you a lot of people taking stuff back.
Did you get anything they have to take back?
Oh, one shirt.
Someone for some reason.
A relative, somebody long.
They say it was strong.
Oh, long shirt.
I hate those.
Yeah, especially got on Miami.
So I got a few of them that I was forced to buy here.
But I'm just not.
I wore my last night to earth Chris.
Didn't bother me in the least, but didn't mess in with my meal.
It was just fine.
But I don't like where I'm.
They're uncomfortable.
Would you agree?
Yes.
And people don't like to be, uh, encumbered by too much clothing, you know?
That's why most of us are like slabs.
I'm sure you're a slab, too, right?
Um, as opposed to a snappy dresser.
Yeah.
Right.
Like I mean the beast, you know?
There's a slab.
The Humper.
I wouldn't say the Humper is like a sharp dresser, you know what?
But it's hard to be a sharp, even if you want to be when you're fat.
That's why I'm going to lose 85 pounds just in the next couple of days.
Somebody chew away and hello.
Yeah, meal.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to ask you something about the bridge that collapsed from Minnesota a while back.
And they came out and said, um, there was like a hundred others across the country that were ready to do the same thing.
And then we never heard another word about it.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's because they let nothing do with Britney Spears.
That's true.
Well, that's like the story I think that overshadowed it was a hot air balloon crash in Canada and killed two people.
And that was way more important, uh, you know, than all those bridges.
Let's correct in the fact that the infrastructure is crumbling and falling apart.
That is correct.
We spent a trillion dollars of your tax money, sir, in Iraq.
And what do we got to show for it?
We got, though, Sami Yamama is still sending messages like Joey Zaza.
I'm going to send a message.
And the public, like I said, is sit back like a bunch of lemmys.
Oh, what's this guy to do with a holidays?
What's it got to do with the birth of our Lord?
Oh.
WQAM.
Hello.
I'll be here on next year.
QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
I just got back from a world tour.
If someone told me to hear you.
You know something?
You need a world tour and hate ease is what you need.
A world tour.
A world tour of your turlip.
That's where you probably spend half of the day.
Spewing your crap.
WQAM.
Hello.
Well, if you remember that bridge clap that was when Pat Nillman was boring.
Yeah.
Yeah, boring.
See when people call them, they're like practically half whispering like that.
And that's a little bit of a tip off right off the bat that's going to be boring, boring,
what about what ever happened to the whisperer?
Polo.
Polo.
Polo.
Remember that guy?
Long before we were on the show.
No.
And I kept that.
Now he's a vanished video.
Well, he's been replaced.
The twilight change, Schlock guy is more than since replaced him.
5.6.
But it isn't interesting though how loyal these people are.
I mean, even like I can go for like months without taking any calls.
And as soon as I'm taking a call, they're there again.
Okay.
They love you.
Through bedtime stories and snow and rain and snow drifts and piles and cyclones and crap.
They're still there.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neely.
Yes, sir.
What's happened to my friends?
What do you got?
A lot better than other practices called it so far.
Wow.
Yeah.
I don't know if you don't want to take calls, man.
What's up with these people?
What do you got?
What do I got?
Well, the rumor is that you've been touching George inappropriately, is that true?
Yeah.
That's what you got.
WQAM, hello.
I bet you really have said that the surge is working, a vote for Democrats is a vote for terrorism.
Haha.
Haha.
Well, yeah, the surge is working great.
Just like Venezuela's their butto.
She got surge red in the ground yesterday.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
I want to talk to Neely, please.
Speaking.
Good morning.
How you doing?
Good afternoon, sir.
Happy New Year.
Yeah.
That's all.
WQAM, hello.
I'm your buddy.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hey, George.
You need to take a bagel and a mug.
WQAM, hello.
Neely.
It's possibility she's Jewish, you know.
Yes, sir.
Your buddy, Jack Thompson's at it again.
Yeah.
You got to check out the justice building blog, you know, the criminal justice building in downtown Miami.
Yeah.
And Jack Thompson is up there just spewing.
And he's losing his bar card, which I thought you might want enough.
How unusual, yeah.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Call Norma and tell her QAM, hello.
I will not be placated until free.
We'll speak it.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I speak with Neely.
Speaking, yes.
And Jimmy.
And Danny.
And Danny.
And Danny.
And Jimmy.
QAM, hello.
Yes.
I call him.
I call him.
I call him.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, I call you.
Today.
Oh, man.
There's, there's, you know, something.
It's like a bottomless pit, you know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
There's, there's no end to it.
That's why I enjoy it so much today.
Like a bottomless pit.
449 vote on the poll.
I told him to get 500.
What's wrong with you?
I'm sorry.
It's such a negative guy.
I wasn't a believer.
I wasn't a believer.
Work for peanuts.
Of all the people running from present, who'd be your choice?
449.
I bet you're very fresher.
We got 450.
Let's see.
What do we got?
450, like I said.
Barack Obama 103.
Then his consent is 60.
Swallow Rick Clinton 52.
John Edwards 47.
None of the above 40.
Ron Paul 38.
They're not freepin' yet.
You watch over the weekend, man.
Jeepers, creepers.
Here comes those idiot creepers.
Ron Paul's got 40 million votes.
You'll see.
Rudy Giuliani 26.
Joe Biden 20.
Bill Richardson 14.
I like Bobby Richardson better.
Mike Huckabee 11.
Fred Thompson 11.
Real Far Bisson, man.
Just look at him.
You can just see hate and drool just slapping out his chin.
John McCain 11.
Crazy guy.
Mitt Romney 7.
Nightgravel 5.
And poor Chris Dodd.
Only 5.
Must be the white hair.
449.
Chris is the best talent.
He knows his new projects.
425.
622.
Am.
The fourth leader.
John God.
My name is Barry.
I seem like a fairy.
I write bad songs about romance.
While I'm wearing spandex pants.
I'm kind of shrimpy.
My songs are funny.
I had a series of big hits.
That was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hear.
They only laugh and scare.
They want to miss it.
All my albums.
My songs are queer.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Up my nose you can fit out.
I have on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
I've got a heart curve.
The size of the omburs.
When I get a stoke of nose.
I be sad here whole.
But now I'm on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm still again.
I'm not a stiggy.
My snows in your face.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Up my nose you can fit out.
I have on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
You're fair.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
1245 at 560 WN.
Happy New Year from all your Paisons.
Baby at 560 all of us who are left.
Hanks the second of last show today.
And then the finale on Monday.
Tuesday man.
A New Year's Day.
We got a line up.
We got mostly football right?
Yep.
We got all football except for Greg Lykins.
Greg No.
Like us.
And Jesse.
And we're going to morning.
Thank God.
Doug Thompson's got a column here just a couple of dumb rods.
He writes.
Conventional wisdom said Hillary Rodham Clinton was the smartest candidate among the crowd
in fields from both the Democratic and Republican presidential nomination.
The same conventional wisdom promised great things from Nancy Pelosi.
The first woman to lead the House of Representatives is speaker.
So much for conventional wisdom.
As we head into the primary season next week, Hillary is scrambling to hold on to that once perceived insurmountable lead
as the Democratic contender, felt by a seemingly unending end to campaign gaps, logistical screw ups and dumb mistakes.
With her campaign now a nightmare political misadventure, Hillary moves from one snafu after another.
Nancy went home after a year of failure leading a Democratic Congress down the path of capitulation towards W. Bush,
the most unpopular president in the American history.
Couldn't happen in two more deserving broads.
Oh my God, did I say broads?
I knew it Thompson.
You were always a sexist big.
Oink, it says.
If it's sexist to recognize that the two most prominent Democrats in Washington have set the cause of equality for one back at least 50 years, then I'm guilty as charged, he says.
I never expected much out of Pelosi despite the pipe dreams of others who thought she could handle the job.
She was, isn't always will be, a political lightweight.
Not so but Clinton, she was another story.
She made me a cold, calculating, heartless bitch, but few considered her dumb.
She was the dictating of Bill Clinton's administration, the power behind the man, the manipulator of policy and many thought,
the architect of her husband's political success.
But looking back on the Clinton years at 1600 Pennsylvania, and we should have seen the warning sign that,
Bubba's long suffering stand by your man wife, was at least a beer or two short of a six pack.
I remember all too well that infamous TV interview during the beginnings of the Monica Winsky scandal, when she defended her husband,
said she believed he was faithful to her and blamed the whole thing on a vast right-wing conspiracy.
Yeah, right, if Hillary didn't know Bill was screwing around on her, she was the only one in the country, and his H.L. Maken once noted,
nobody ever went broke under estimating the intelligence of the American public.
When DNA tests on a, what word do I use?
Seamonstained Blu-dress, he didn't use that word.
On a semen-stained Blu-dress, finally forced Bill to fess up.
Hillary turned to the woman's scorned angry at her husband's betrayal.
The act was so good that some actually felt sorry for her.
Now she wants us to believe that the woman who didn't realize she was murdered to the biggest presidential horror house since JFK,
is the most qualified candidate for the highest office in the land.
And to make matters worse, she along with many, too many other Democrats, voted led George W. Bush launches illegal and immoral war in Afghanistan.
That gives her something in common with the other overhike woman in Washington.
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic leader who failed to deliver on a contract with voters, who demanded change on Capitol Hill.
Maybe right-wing blowhard Phil A. Shuflai was right. Maybe women should stay home, cook dinner, clean house, and take care of the kids.
Now I think he made his illegal and immoral war in Iraq, but nevertheless, Capitol Hill Blue does make,
and spread of all her really good articles, a lot of typos.
Have you ever noticed that? No, because you don't read it.
Correct. You don't read the bedtime stories? No.
I love the bedtime stories. No, you know. Why do you say that? Especially when you read it to me.
Oh God. That sounds so.
Okay. 461 on a pool. Now how's that around Paul doing?
Oh, in 1039, good. That's when you need to keep your eye on.
We'll do. But they easily do it when the show's over, so I can't come on the air.
But all the while, I'll do it Monday anyway.
So I can't come on the air. Oh gee, here come the freefers again.
They want the public to really think I say the public, our audience.
Well, Shuflai happens like during Hank's show.
They'll pop you up just so you can say it.
Yeah, I'm going to be sitting here during Hank's show today.
You never know. I'm sitting in this chair all day today just standing by.
Is that what you're telling me? No, just, you know, everyone's welcome.
I'm going to come by. Check every hour or so. No. I don't think so.
No. 56670560, pound 560, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
WDQA Am, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes?
Quad-grade is still gay today. Okay?
WDQA Am, hello. Don't forget to burn it around.
QA Am, hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Can you play as strong taste like a penny?
No. Why? Can't play it. Who says who?
Can't play it. You, right? Didn't you ask me? Can you play it?
And I said, no, we can't play it. I'm not about to ask you why can't you not?
Well, let me say it again. Can't play it. No, say, Paramisa Aki.
You got it. But I'll get going.
No, say, Paramisa Aki. Shmendrich. Okay? Yeah, you got it.
Can you play it? No. That should have been enough. But no, he wants a lot.
Just like they got it, it wants a long explanation of Mo and the incidents with Mo.
And the Mo he hears it, the Mo he gets excited.
Oh, my God. Get a life. I have no-
Get a freaking life. 466 on the pool. I'm very confident.
About 500. Me too. Oh, cares. WDQA Am, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Well, the phone you voice, yes? Hello, Neil. I say I get no respect. No respect at all.
WDQA Am, hello.
Big push to lotion. WDQA Am, hello.
WM in a permanent Canada. WDQA Am, hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. For all the sport holes out there, I got you a big tune right here.
Oh! WDQA Am, hello.
WDQA Am, yes, sir.
Hi, we want to stick with Neil. Speaking.
Neil, grab some in them. I don't know if you were talking about this online and this food service thing.
Yesterday I was watching the insanity that was back in standin'.
I'm watching them parade her body through the streets and that cost them. I'm thinking to myself,
that's one thing we don't do in America. You know, it's the carrying dead bodies through the streets.
Absolutely. No, we don't. They did it with a fat Pope.
In fact, I clicked them around. He wasn't even in a box. They slept him around on a slab.
Slown down a slab, man.
WDQA was right on point here today again.
Boy, I'm gonna land on the Islamic street. The extremist is gonna die. He's got a guy just doesn't matter.
Yeah. That's all I got.
Okay, see you. Do you have any idea what his point was? No.
Nope. Did he have any idea? No. WDQA Am, hello.
Neil, yeah. I don't know how you stood on the other side. I'm glad 790 stick in your ass.
You know, 790 is kicking our ass. Yeah, right. You should live so long, Shmuck.
And that's why you're listening to the show and picking up the phone to call and send your best holiday wishes.
Shmuck, Shmendrich, Shmagegish, Meryl, time yonkel, idiot.
790 is kicking their own ass. Okay. The number they got in midday,
you couldn't fight it with the Mount Palomar telescope. In fact, the numbers they got just about all day.
Dropping like a rock once they dropped off that bogus July. Just like I told you, what happened?
Oh, brother. There's some hours where they owe points. Where it's got a minus in front of it.
Yeah, 790 is kicking your ass. Yeah, 790's got a lot to do with this show. WDQA Am, hello.
Man, don't ailments. We're down. QAM, hello.
Man, I'm in the ass a lot of it. WDQA Am, hello.
Hey, Mr. Neil, how are you doing today? Okay, sir, Mr. Collar.
Good. Hey, I got a question for you. I know you're getting some time. Mr.
You're going to be retiring. And I made you that bench a couple of years ago.
I got what? I made you that bench. Oh, yeah, right.
That's a hock of the bench. Right. I want to make something for your retirement from or escape from W2AM.
What is your son type of? No, don't go do it again. That's a beautiful thing. I love it.
It's great. I appreciate it. But don't do it again.
Okay. Well, I'm going to make you some small like a cigar box. Still spoke to guards or something.
No, don't do it. No, all right.
All right, Mr. Neil, I hope everything works out for you. The reason you're getting all these calls is these people really care about you.
Yeah, okay, Sally. Have a happy new year. The longest around the internet. I can still listen to you from Bologna.
Have a happy, Sally. Good luck to you.
But you, my friend. Bye-bye. W2AM. Hello. QAM. Silent. W2AM. Hello. W2AM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I can't believe I used to be the chorus like that. That was awesome.
That was the best call all day, wasn't it? Which one? When you'd be able to be the chorus like that.
This is him again. No, this is him. This is a boyfriend. Is this him or his boyfriend? No, he's a funny man. I couldn't believe it.
I like that call. Yeah. Great. And you know, Neil, you have a helmet show, but I tell you. Yeah, okay.
Go stick the quarter in your slot. If I stick a half an hour in there, okay? W2AM. Hello.
Yeah, now. Hello. Okay. That's a little bit of W2AM. Hello.
And as I finished these red triad taters, I aim to kill the bees, Lee's W2AM. Hello. Yeah.
Why do you have to break the college at jerk? QAM. Hello. Hey, but it's 790. Listen to me.
Yeah, 790. They're the best. Just ask Joel Feinberg, Hilltide, and between Beaton and his girlfriend. Hey, Joel, you're an idiot.
I was on to him, man. The first, the first word out of his mouth when he called me here, that I couldn't believe it.
I left the message and I actually made a mistake in calling him back.
Picked up the phone. I said, Joel, Neil Rogers, hi there.
Oh, hi. How are you? I mean, keep in mind. He called me. I didn't, I didn't see him out. You know what I'm saying? He called me.
Why didn't meet me for lunch? I wouldn't meet you for a baloney sandwich. How do you like that? Believe me. You could sure fill it up, Pellie.
Joel, another one of these. Like I said, everybody's a blockcaster. Their daddy's got a lot of money.
If they used to play a game somewhere, if they used to take showers, make it with a bunch of other guys.
Everybody's a blockcaster. Like that's Phil Sims. I'm going to tell you something, man. One day he's going to die and it's going to be a great day for the universe.
Don't you despise him or you want those Phil Sims suckups?
Oh, it doesn't really bother me really. I don't know. With that phony, I'm 25-year-old line, the line. That whole phony Southern draw.
He does a whole game. Maybe, line. He's out wide. Oh, God. Give me a break. That's affected phony Southern draw, man.
Y'all, ever see him in the time that works together? Same person.
I'm the one with the biggest name. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. I'm
the line. I'm the line. I'm the line. My line is the line. My line goes away. I'm the line. My guy. My guy hit the board. They hit the board. My guy hit the board? My guy hit it. I'm the line.
That just makes me sh-
HA HA HA HA HA HA
A sound you can't stand
Would you tolerate if you were a handsome man I am
And to the list of eight
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate
Scraping on a plate
Scraping on a small pan
Scraping on a plate
I really love
You might want to try it
Give me feedback
In my headphones
Ah yeah
That's more like it
Little more, little more open and little more
Yeah!
Hey, sounds so unique
Now let's review so you can really, really free
Figure nails on a blackboard
When people crack their neck or their knuckles
Rub his thyrofoam together
Cause it makes me chubble
I tend to sneakers on a gym floor
Raising in a lumen or a window
When a guest is just drilling my mower
That makes me say, bingo!
My boy singing on his record
You can't hold on, fine china
If these have give you the shivers
That makes you a whiner
Hey, do you go nuts if someone fights their fork like this?
Cause I love it
Here, I'll do it again
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping window I cracked my neck?
Sup, are you wimp?
Sup, are you wimp?
Oh wait, I got one more
Oh, we got this one too
103 at 560 WQM Happy Friday
The last Friday of the year, December 28th
Venti Ocho baby, we're doing it
Are we kicking ass or what?
Definitely
We're on
And you got 487 on a pool of 500's a given man
Oh right
We could do that like sliding off a log
Like sliding out a log
Venti QA and hello
Hi, needle
Yes sir
Hey, this is Billy from Shulas
I've spoken to you in the past
I just had a quick question for you
When you were in the Amsterdam for your vacation last time
Right
Did they change the laws already on smoking and pubs
And restaurants over there?
I have no idea because I didn't go in any pubs
Any coffee shops, any of that
I don't know, I don't think so
No, okay
They're talking about it which is really stupid
Yeah, because I was curious how they were going to stop the cigarette smoking
And yet let the weed smoking continue in the other
Because I noticed all the head shops were still open
All the places selling the magic mushrooms and all
Everything worked the same to me
Right, right
Well maybe they just haven't gotten that true yet
But good, hope they don't get it true
There you go, you can open up a joint in the over there
Because they sure needed
So to speak
Yes
Thanks, Neil
See you, Pally
Yeah, if you open up a joint you're just smoking
That's all
See, that was a bad choice of words on my part
It's just kind of like you know
Sometimes when you're full of it it just flows out
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
When you're full of crap it just flows out really easy
492 underpulled by the way
You put a one in front of that and you got 1492
All right
Christopher Columbus, that Jewish sailor
Well I sure wish I had that record
Nobody's going to have it
It's an old RCA album with Frank Gallup on it
Everybody, what was the name of it?
Everybody is Jewish or something like that
When you were loved the whole world is Jewish
That was it
I'll be okay
Yeah, when you were loved the whole world is Jewish
How about you didn't know that didn't you?
I did not
Well that was the name of the album
And it had some funny crap on it
W&Q YM, hello
Well friends we got here under...
W&Q YM, hello
Why don't you do what Hank's doing today?
Get out of town, how about that?
Hank's getting out of town on Monday
How do you like that?
Can I have to on Monday?
I can't guess what?
I am out of town and thank God
Because I don't have to be there with swill like you
Do what Hank's doing with today
I'm listening and I'm calling you
But I want you to go away
I hate you like poison
Baaah, baaah, baaah
That's how floater for you man
I'm kissing the articles, I'm kissing the microphone
I'm kissing the board, I'm kissing the...
Equipment here that doesn't work
For the fact that I don't have to be there
Thank you Greg Reed
That was the best part of the whole deal these last ten years on this station
Nice going normal
That was the best part of the whole deal
And you know something, you know I was thinking during the last break
What would happen if I sent Joe Bell an email I said
Hey you know I rethought you're offered Joe guess what I'll take it
He freak out
Oh man, you might give him a heart attack
Oh let's try
Q-A-M, hello
I love you Chippy
Q-A-M, hello
I'm on a dollar
I wonder how Chippy is doing
I haven't heard too much about Chippy lately
Joe Rose will forget starts solo on...
No we have a ride
He's still got J-A-M around his neck on Monday
Yeah, they have a Monday
Everyone's on Tuesday and he'll be alone Wednesday
And a big donal on a loan on Wednesday
Joe Rose
He's got a name you know Joe Rose
Don't confuse parents with that
He wants to use all these
Big dog, man dog
Big dog
And the J-A-M show
But it's a...
New Rogers and Jim Mandage
So not to the man dog?
Yeah you know what's over there?
Yeah what is up with that?
It's either or you know?
Yeah that's right
How come Joe Rose is the big dog which Jim Mandage is just Jim Mandage
And I really thought about that
What does he like chopped liver?
Something like that for Christ's shakes?
Wow that's their clearance
He's had a tough life
Q-A-M, hello
I have a better fresh
Q-A-M, hello
Listen I was listening to you
So today I've been listening to you for years
That person at Grand Paul has called in probably a hundred times
Yeah he knows every day
Every day
You know I was just thinking that maybe you might want to...
You know I know you don't care
He might want to just the mess with him
Calls a phone company and they can block it
So I want to tell you this
He has called a cell phone
Yeah he calls a cell phone that's why we can't block it
Oh okay
Oh I'm sorry I had it well
I was thinking just to drive him not for...
Not really on a cell phone
But they pass it back and forth
Him and...
Hi Ron!
They pass it back and forth
And the phone too
Right and the phone as well
We gotta give the phone number out
Maybe they get about 12,000 calls from your audience
They know something they love it
Yeah they do actually
Oh okay
Well that's it they'll have a great time
When you're dealing with people who are mentally
We would like that
Forget about it
Good luck to us sir
Okay
Happy New Year
Come with Q-A-M, hello
Yeah I always tell us about it
Q-A-M, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Good afternoon you
Good afternoon sir
Happy New Year
Happy New Year to you too
That's all I'll have to say
That's the real thing I gave you some material
Right?
Bill
Yeah
Just a suggestion for you
Can you talk more about sports?
No
And yet no
No
Yes you can
No
Why not?
Well what do you want to hear about with sports?
Why do you want to hear Bill Parcell's fat or old?
Which one?
That's the big turn of it
He's the savior
Yeah or the savior
That's right
He's gonna have Jesus in quarterback
Yoshki is gonna be quarterback
And the only problem with it is Jesus was Jewish
And he's not gonna mess with that pig skin
Okay?
He knows better
He knows that the football is trache
That's why when what was the alley Sherman was the coach of the giant
That's why they sucked so bad
And Marv Levy with the bills
All those super bulls they choked in
Jews in football
Trust me when I tell you man
It's trache
He's the savior Bill Parcell's the big tuna
Yeah
I got your tuna over here
And what's your name?
She says it's Jessica Simpson
She says it's bumble bees
496 were going to this thing but were going over 500
Man how do you like that?
Not to Saturday
For a while there I thought I had 498
Wow!
Leave it to Chris to come up with a spectacular job
And of course it was me changing the pool right there
And thanks Eric
Thank you Eric
Who made it possible to swish it over right there at 10 o'clock this morning
Because the other pool from yesterday we already had over a thousand votes
I think that's what we ought to do a lot
Like maybe during the weekend you can change it
Okay for
Not
Don't be messing with the pool mister
Okay
Especially after you had to dump yourself five times today
What are you talking about?
WQA-N
Q-A-M
Hello
Look at that two in a row
Q-A-M
Three, Q-A-N
Hello Neil how are you?
Okay
Neil I would like to be one of the characters on your show
I want to be like the pivot man
You called me that one day when I called
And I was laughing
But I didn't know what it meant
Were your boyfriend's laughing too?
No sir
Maybe that's why you were laughing
Maybe they tickled your fancy
No sir come on now
Yeah okay
Sir
You don't care if you're right
Sir?
Yes sir
You don't, you don't, this is pretty much what you want
I think what you want to be you want to be a Reverend Jones Jr. is at it with a sir
Sir, there will be a lawsuit sir
Is that what you want?
Excuse me sir, I'll, I'll...
Sir, if you say sir one more time
Sit, you're out
See there's a wannabe
He wants to be one of the characters on the show
And you know what the one thing is
Well let me interpret it for you, you know what that means?
I have no life
That's correct
Let me take a look over here
502 we did it
Oh oh oh oh
Oh brother, let's go home
Yeah, let's go home, let's get out of this dump okay
We did it
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
Oh my god, what a fruit cake
502 on the presidential pool
And that's a great accomplishment
I mean that's one that should be pretty damn hot right now
Should it be like a hot tamale?
How does the month of Boland Siberia
WDQA and hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Yeah
I'm stuck here to war man
I've got a mission
I'm skew
I've got over nine nights
WDQA and hello
Hey Neil, how are you Neil?
Okay sir
Hey Neil, the president
When he talks
He talks with his arms
Pakistan, but you know the stuff
I don't listen when the president speaks
And he talks with his arms
The Lord Middle East
Yeah, he owns the world
He owns the world
He owns the world
He owns the world
We are the world
Tadaa
Come on, let's get Michael Jackson back again
To sing we are the world
Let's all hold hands
USA for Africa
Let's raise money for all those starving children
Of course by the time they get the money gets to them
They're going to be dead
But we sure as hell made a great musical effort
They're going to share how crazy the human race is
And you wonder about religion and all this other crap
Oh, let's have a concert to raise money for starving people
Let's not feed him right now
Let's not send him to somebody 80,000 pounds of crap
And for example
Remember I told you about how good that place was
I ate last time when I was down there
What was it called?
The Grand Lux Cafe
And there are a lot of restaurants like that
They give you persons that are like five times more
than anybody could possibly eat
And a lot of us don't want no doggy back
Because if we do that they will take it home and eat it and get fatter
All the food can you imagine the amount of food places like that throw out
But instead of taking food that people could use to be eating
Like all over the world and just throwing it out of the dumpster
Let's sing a song
We are the world
Let's hold hands baby
Let's have my watch's name Quincy Jones
He's dead by the way
Quincy Jones
I believe so yes
And he's got it
He looks like a mannequin
His hands are going back and forth
And man we are the world
Oh
Oh, it's so sad
And that's why it's better
Make a resolution
You don't think about these things in the new year
Whatever it is
Whatever it is
The best thing
He got his new projects
4.560 QAM
The sports leader
You best dude
Alright, let's play who wants to be a millionaire
Huff daddy
Sitting in the chair
I'll call you Puffy
Yo yo man, yo yo
Are you ready?
Yeah
Here's your $100 question
Finish this nursery rhyme
Alright
Hickory, dickory, blank
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier
C-Larina, or D-Inlet
Whoa, man
Is this $100 question right here?
You're kidding me right?
This is $100
For $100
This is $100
This is $1,000,000 a question
This is the first one
Man, it's only for $100
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a light flot?
Yeah, alright, what do I got?
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience
The 5050 and the phone a friend
Ask the audience
Now how many white people in here?
Yeah, 5050 and gonna help me
Oh, you know I'm gonna phone a friend
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question
Finishing the nursery rhyme
Yeah
Alright, who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard
Old dirty bastard
Yeah, dirty we're gone
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line
And hopefully he can help you
Yo
Old dirty
Yeah, man
Readjust Filvin from who wants to be a millionaire
How are you?
I
Got your friend here, puff daddy
Yo, dirty was that
Wazah
Wazah
Wazah
Alright, alright, old
Wazah
Old dirty
Puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here
On the $100 question
Hey, the first time, man
First question
And the next voice you hear will be his
He'll come on the line
He'll ask you the question
He'll give you four possible choices
Are you set?
Hey, man
Next voice you hear will be his
And 30 seconds begins now
Wazah
Your dirty face is off of me, alright?
Hey, man
Pickery, dickery, blank
Is it A, Doc, B, P, C, Marino, or D, Illet
Oh, oh
Come on, man, I don't got much time
Yeah, I know this, man, I know it
I see this P
P, you sure?
B, B, Third, man
This is a lot of money, man
B, Third
Alright, man, thank you very much
Alright, man, B, Third, man
Third, man, the old dirty said P
B, Third, man
You still have two lifeline, third, man
You are on the $100 question
You know what, Regis?
Wanna poll the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline
Actually, no, there's only three lifelines
You've used one, you have two lives
No, no, no, I get another lifeline
It's a brand new one to the game
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host
Puffy, you can ask the audience
I call it Shoot the Host
Puffy, use the 50-50
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc, it's A
It's Doc
My final answer is Doc
It's Doc, and it's a good one
You got to open it all
Run, you run, you wife
Run, you wife
I'm showing you, I'm showing you, I'm showing you, I'm showing you
B, Third, man
B, Third, man
B, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, T, B, Third, man
Okay, twenty after one
About thirty, man
Five sixty, WQM
You know, there's a guy, Regis
I was saying that's a pull, I think we've done that before
But people who have made big name celebrities
Who've made the most on the least amount of talent
He's got to be one of them, doesn't he?
Yep
What's, uh, Murf Griffin was in the middle?
Oh, yeah, but at least Murf, which I hated him like poison
But at least Murf invented like, you know, some big shows like, uh, Jeopardy
And we'll torture, you know, he created him
He had no, he couldn't sing
And he was the worst interview I ever saw in my life
He used to sit on the edge of the chair, especially at Chris Atkins was the guest
But nevertheless, Hey Murf, you're fairly still dead
But Regis, if Big nail is big in a boat about the boat
I don't know, I mean I like Regis a lot, you know, he's, he's, I don't like his show
I like him, he's a good guy, even though he's a big nori-dame guy
Went to the nori-dame
But, uh, and by the way, it was a Brady Quinn went to the nori-dame
How'd you like that call yesterday?
Uh-huh
Oh, it was like, Quinn Jones is still alive
Quincy Jones is still alive, what a shame
Benizio Buto, she's dead, she's in a box already
They got her in a ground
And Quincy Jones, he's still doing the thing with a hands up in the ear
Like, oh, like a, the music director, you know
We are the world, let's be the children
Who's the old dude that was a closet K-Dude?
That was what?
A closet gay
All of you said like, dress up in here, he had like his own variety show, I think
Rift Taylor
No, um, oh, camera-ready
He used to dress up
Yeah, like, dress up as like a woman, Milton Burrell, that's it
Wasn't a variety show, was a comedy show
Oh, whatever, I never saw it
He was Mr. Television, but what do you, what, what do you be talking about?
Isn't he one that kind of went further than he should have?
He, no, he didn't go further than he should have, he dressed up in drag, it was funny at the time, you know
Okay
He was dragging it, and from when I hear it was, well anyway
South Florida driver soon could pay more at the pump than ever before
And at least one analyst says those deep rates could trigger a recession
Oh my god
Unletter gasoline nationwide could range from three and a half bucks to as high as three seventy five a gallon
By this spring, say Tom Closer, chief oil analyst for the Wall Street New, or for the Wall New Jersey based oil price information service
We're gonna see gasoline prices that are higher than we've ever seen Closer predicted yesterday
The Wall New Jersey based oil price information service, how do you like that?
All these stink tanks and all these groups and all these studies and all these organizations
Everybody's got to make a living, you know?
Mm-hmm
Wall New Jersey based oil price information service
What do you do for living? Oh, we tell you how much oil is gonna cost
Florida tends to follow national averages as the Palm Beach Post
With South Florida the more expensive end of the range analysts be saying
Blame us slew of factors including a weak U.S. dollar drops in cruel inventories and global political volatility
Including yesterday's assassination of Benzer-Buto
Also, gasoline prices tend to rise in the spring
It's time when we find our complete maintenance and switch from winter blends of fuel to summer blends
Factoring, investor speculation too
Oh, the S&P is up, the S&P
Let me sit again, the full and his money are soon parted
Now let me take a look at the gambling channel, okay and see if the S&P actually is up?
What do you think? Probably not
Where is the gambling channel? Oh, it's 184, excuse me, one moment please
What the hell was that? I don't know, what was it?
I thought they were playing hockey on MSNBC, it was under wrong number
Anyway, here we go, power launch baby
All of the S&P is down, precipitously
Gold is way up, 842.4
Silver is up, 14.9
But the S&P is down, about three points, nothing no big deal
Now is down 46 and that is next down, 8 and a half point
How's platinum? If it works for a reatme like it did for Rick Rally, I'll be off here by the end of next week
There's a huge herd of thundering bowls there, close to said
Meaning the investor speculation
Lightsweet Crude Rowe 65 cents yesterday, the several 96, 62 of barrel on the New York Merckentile Exchange
That's about 59% higher than its trading price, 61 dollars at the end of last year
So we'd be remiss in saying as the year comes to a close in not saying
Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices and that's strong American dollar
Crude Rowe has come within sense of closing on 100 bucks a barrel this year
That's in the neighborhood of the highest prices in history
Adjusting for inflation, the early 1980 price of 38 bucks a barrel would then be worth 96 or 103 bucks a more today
One expert warned that the National average price of 375 could set off a recession
That could really bring the US economy to a grinding halt to James Cordier, president of Liberty Trading Group in Tampa
And you know what there isn't Tampa, don't you? What's that? A lot of glam
Gas prices in Palm Beach County and the treasure coast have fallen recently but are 64 to 72 cents higher per gallon
Than they worked the same time last year
Thank you again Mr. President for those low gas prices
You butcher, you murderer, you lunatic, you crazy person, you, you son of a bitch
Oh I don't believe you called our president, yeah, and you know something?
I apologize to all of you sons of bitches around the world because believe you me, he's a lot worse than them
Like Hayes said in Godfather, Senators and presidents don't have man killed Michael
Who's being naive now, Kay?
What biggest name?
The best actor, his new largest, 4.560 QAM, big sports leader
12 Friday, you best ins
The best actor, his new biggest, 4.560 QAM, big sports leader
The best actor, his new biggest, 4.560 QAM, big sports leader
Talkers, what are we gonna do? I say talkers
We are all being screwed, I say live them
Wife is happening to us, we want the MCC to get our life talkers
There's no place for us now, even do James
Are all down in the mouth, you can listen
But now you will find any words that will carve your mind
No fun to be, send your body MCC
No fun to be, send your body MCC
There'll be nothing left, for us to enjoy
We'll soon be playing with children for
No fun to be, send your body MCC
No fun to be, send your body MCC
There want us to be clean, this is ain't no one we should feel
They try to take to us, what is real?
Young and old, please listen to us, I say, young and old
Please don't put up a bus, help a petition
The MCC, but you're not cowboys with one thing you'll run your
Camp duest, all by himself, let's all help him
Don't put it up from the shelf, let the MCC
No, just how you feel, and maybe we'll get this much of what we feel
MCC, what are you doing to us?
MCC, what are you doing to us?
All rating for fly, in fact they might die
Because of the MCC, we want to find what we can do
MCC, you've been what we can do
You've even tried to found the record
That the teacher's late
Please follow, I am talking to you, I said, people
Let's stand and fight for what's true, spend your letters
Into so far so we can tell the MCC what we end up
Cause they are Neil Rogers, and so far are on your side
We both, we have nothing too hard, young and old
Get your opinions out, and maybe the MCC will stay out
MCC, in the phone and now, MCC
In the evening now, no one knows what words try to say
We are the MCC to fly, MCC, go away, MCC
Get off our path, MCC, let us live our lives, ORIE-LAY, MCC
MCC, go away, go away
133, 2702, that's my favorite part of that whole long ponderous bit
That's from 20 years ago, so far save our first amendment rights
I was trying, and the people in the radio business from coast to coast
From pillar to post, the National Association of Broadcansions
Almost each and every one of you radio people are bunch of spineless cowards
And look what's happened now, man
Talked about what you trying to say?
What I'm trying to say is we can't say crap, well we still can't say crap
At least so far, I don't have any memo today that we can't say crap, but that's coming pretty soon I bet
Now I will say one other really good thing about our technical situation today, we've had no dropouts
Either from Texas, California, or Delaware, or Rad, from any of the servers
ORIE-LAY, with the Wolf Blitzkrieg
Or not, it was Al-Qaeda or some other offshoot
It looks like a mefrenley dig
That is attempting to further destabilize and even overthrow the Pakistani government
Or whether it came from within either explicitly or implicitly
I got news for her without her being the Bill Clinton's wife she couldn't eat boats
Now that's just my own opinion
How she doing on the pole of the Aneos, she's doing a lot more than eight boats, well she's love his wife, you know, she's swillery
Yeah, that was him, it's past herself
Really, little dentist considered
537 vote of all the people running for president, who's your choice?
Barack Obama, 123, good choice
He's the only hope, he's the great, not so white hope
Well, there's a pervert with sheriff on the screener with swillery, see the similarity?
He's a little bit of mustache
Dennis, consented 69, swillery's about 66, she's in third place, how do you like that?
This is in the best interest
I was on Edwards 15, 59, nunvey about 49, Ron Paul 45, chieppers creepers, where the hell are those creepers?
I've told you they won't start to later on even this afternoon or over the weekend
And once they get that daisy tingling, Ron Paul is going, he's an internet phenomenon baby
He raised $18 million and that in another 45 cents of my have a cup of coffee at the coffee time
Joe, let's see, really, Giuliani 33, Joe Biden 21, Bill Richardson 17, Fred Thompson 12
My cock will be 11, John McCain 11, might emit Romney 8, Mike Rebels 7 and Chris Dodd, only 6
Chris Dodd is always being up the rear and a big fat one, too, as a matter of fact
I envision his asking about his biggest jolly, Joe Bell
I couldn't be wrong about that, but I don't think so
538, so we got our 500 and then somebody like that
We're very happy
Why? We shouldn't have a thousand votes under easy
Oh, just put on a like 10 o'clock
Somebody QA, QA, hello
You know, I gotta be part of your show
What can I do with everybody?
It's a heroine to show, woo, everybody come down, you know, what can I do?
How can I be part of history?
Put your arms up in the air
There you go
56670560, pound 560
I have no life
I'm the Verizon singular wireless line, that's how Florida baby, so many lifeless A-holes all
And just, here we have an 1 lady caller today
Here it is, it's one of our last shows, it's our second last show before New Year, on Tuesday, which we won't be here
We have an 1 lady caller
We have a nice lady yesterday, we shouldn't have a new year and she said, I forget what she said, but she was very nice
Remember that?
Yes, she said she loves you
Well, there you go
Nothing today, no ladies
I wonder how Chippy is doing
Ask Joe when you see him again, how Chippy is doing?
30 QAM, hello
Oh my God
30 QAM, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Good afternoon and happy New Year to you sir
Same to you sir
Say, I'm the oil deal
It's going to be far worse than what you're talking about here, because the demand is way more than anybody's calculating
And we've already passed the peak of oil production, so just keep railing away on that nail, you're educating them
And thank you for that, Neil God, happy New Year that's all I have
Okay, see ya
I'm educating them, they don't need me to educate them all, they've got to do this going to the gas station
And they'll be saying, holy crap, are you kidding me, it's going to cost me like, I got a mortgage to the house
With my phony baloney mortgage, it don't exist anyway, that's pandem and they're foreclosing on a mortgage in the first place
And I got to try to do something with that, and in the meantime it's like 80 bucks to fill up my tank
No tanks
Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices and all those dead people in Iraq
And doing such a great job on tracking down Osama Yamama and Mulebolo Omar and all those evil doers
This is the own speaking of NF
Porter's for businesses though, and of course with the past
Condoleza
Condoleza, Condoleza
Oh my God, poliza, get her off my screen
I get spilties when she comes on the TV, I get sick to my stomach
WDQA in, hello?
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
I'm a native American man, and my uncle Wolfturd told me to be here
Your uncle Wolfturd?
Yeah, okay
WDQA in, hello?
QA in?
Hello
WDQA in, hello?
Hello
Hello?
Yeah, I have a lack to also talk about an education that needs to be shared with everyone
They don't want to talk to you about death, yours?
We got a hell of a deal, man, I'm on sign eye
They'll take out your perfect, they'll just chop it out
And then we'll make an even better deal for you at the, what's one of the big funeral parlors?
Stancil?
I don't know, I don't know about that crap
You know something, I don't even know where my mother is buried, isn't that bad?
You're a bad son
B-Belowty!
I was a great son when she was alive
Oh, I'm going to be a good son now that she's dead
See, this is what kills me about people
Oh, he didn't even go to the funeral, well she was dead, what difference did it make?
Which you know that I was there?
Of course not
The last thing she said to me was
I'm dying on the hand!
I called her for her birthday that morning on the 5th of July like three years ago when
everyone else was and in that day she died and that was it
You didn't even want a son now, I have no idea where her body
Would it be good for me to go to the funeral until the cemetery?
What do you think about people who do that? They go to the grave and they talk to the dead?
I mean, what is that?
Hey, if they feel better, more power to them
And what about the dead people?
Do they feel better?
Of course
They don't feel anything
How do you accept a course in the afterlife?
Have you been there?
Have you been there?
You're going to be surprised, Mr.
You're going to be in for a big surprise, you're going to have to meet your maker
It's going to be Marvin Maker from Monticello
What biggest name?
The best talent!
You know this is my original...
Floridians, dumb as dirt
It's been good for my attention that the year ratings are dying now
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was till you're in hell
You're going to find somebody good enough to throw my biggy pants?
Are you an easy?
Don't, don't, don't, don't worry
I ain't no chance, I'll have to be coming back
Outside of considering a lucrative act
If you want to know what will save you from shutting that transmitter to ground
Why, that's easy
How?
Oh, you're going to be in smoke
Oh, you're going to be in smoke
Oh, you're going to be in smoke
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't
Oh, you're going to be in the smoke
You're going to be in smoke
On the fifth year old, three slots only got two to gain
They said my ratings have bottomed out in this case
This radio has to rebound me, no one will get a day in the low woods
And we did
Yeah, yeah
All you need is now
Now it's taking a little bit
All you need is now
Give me a little bit of a drink
All you need is a show
It's a blow
It's a blow, it's a blow
Don't be angry, I'm going to say it
You'll find a way something
Give me a give me a
What?
You see, you see, you see
Are you going to go fire me?
Yeah
Like a team
146, 14-dil, 25, 60 WQM
US officials suspect a Taliban leader from Afghanistan
Maybe behind a plot to assassinate the Benazir Bhutto officials are saying today
Yesterday was al-Qaeda today, it's the Taliban
Huh
The official identified Taliban leader, Baytullah Mesud
As a leading suspect, saying there's good information leads us to believe he is the guy responsible
He's the guy
Earlier Friday the Pakistani Interior Ministry said the head intelligence intercepts indicating
Mesud was behind the opposition leader's death, the day before in Ra'al Pindi
As you know, Benazir Bhutto has been on the hit list of terrorists
Ever since she had come to Pakistan, by the way, she went back to Pakistan at the origin of George W. Bush
Oh yeah, go back there, we'll take care of you
Right
And how she's dead
Brigadier Javet Iqbal
Chima said she was on the hit list of al-Qaeda
Yesterday al-Qaeda did it today, it's the Taliban
And tomorrow I'm telling you the dog done it
You'll see in Monday over you
Monday, Neal did it
Neal's fall
Talk about a Pandora Rudy Giuliani
President, nothing he's the only one, of course, but nevertheless
Presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani, the hero says, stumped Thursday afternoon at the Bayt Pigs Museum in Little Havana
Offering a tough talk on alien Cuban leader Fidel Castro
And his brother Ra'ul, who's now in charge of the island's communist government
Kami Pinko Bestardos
In a brief campaign speech in front of an audience of about 60 people, 60 people, wow
Giuliani exalted the work of the Air-Zalbergade 2506
Sometimes the papers exaggerate, they'd like double the crowd, I think it was really
But third man
Giuliani exalted the work of the Air-Zalbergade 2506, which led they failed
1961 Bayt Pigs invasion of Cuba, called him Patriots, who sacrificed themselves to spread freedom in democracy
If elected president Giuliani said he'll increase pressure on the Cuban government in the effort to bring democratic multi-party elections after almost 49 years of Castro rule
And by the way, Castro's not dead
Not yet
We will not accept attempts to preserve Castro as many forms as Giuliani, who were a white plastic bracelet inscribed with the word
Kombio or change
Cuba, I hope and pray, will move closer to freedom, he said
Pandora, next thing will be in cheeseblences in Hollywood, just like they worked well for Wesley Clark for years ago, remember that?
That worked really well, not the deli then, eating blinces
Well sure wish I could get some good cheeseblences, man
Giuliani's visit came after a recent surge by former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, who are Lee's main competition in Florida polls
Supporting Giuliani were Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum, Haya Lea Mayor Julio Robaena, County Commissioner Carlos Jimenez, and Representative Renegar Asia, whose district includes Miami-Lakes in Haya Lea
Giuliani's dresses pass opposition to Castro, putting barring Castro from New York City Sparta events during the UN's 50th birthday party in 1995
And renaming the corner of 38th Street Lessing in Navidad, brothers to the rescue corner, in honor of the victims of Plainshot down by the Cuban government in 1996
There's a tendency in America to romanticize the Castro as Giuliani said, even burdened at Castro
Somehow they can't seem to grasp the truth of what he's all about
The few mime here are residents that they've been were pleased with Giuliani's talk, Elsa Shardier, a Cuban born, retiree living in the West and the West Tester neighborhood, said her whole family will vote for him
I believe in him Shardier said, I think he doesn't care what people think of him, all the Republicans are good, but he has the most guts
All the Republicans are good, all the Democrats are bad, all the Republicans are good, Republicans be good, Democrats be bad, come on Easter, come on Easter, come on Easter
For Juan Jose González, a Bay of Pigs veteran member of the museum's board of directors, it was Giuliani's personality that stood out
He has presidential charisma, González said, you can tell he's speaking from the heart that he's not just like any politician, most of whom don't have 85 wives
Giuliani didn't spare any praise either, you made us better by your presence, he said referring to the Cuban community in the West, I feel a personal commitment to you
Pandora, Tony Baloney, I wonder if he was eating fajitas or matsu balls, maybe he was eating some pepperoni, papi rooney pizza from 34th Street in New York
Have you ever had pizza in New York?
Yes, so you have been to New York?
My family lives right outside of New York
Why isn't we here?
I didn't know, in New Jersey, Bayon, East Rutherford
East Rutherford by the Medellans, see, the Medellans, you know what they're doing at the Medellans, don't you?
What's that?
They're racing, let's go on the racing channel
Oh, one minute till the fourth race to Tampa Bay Downs
You know, that's one track I've never been to, I don't know why Tampa Bay Downs, I've been to Tampa Dog Track and say, you old Derby Lane in St. Pete's been closed down for 100 years, Dog Track
Have you ever go to the Dog Track?
No, never went to the Dog Track
Oh, here comes the money, and guess what, there goes your money
It's okay, it's fun, it has its moments
Of course those dog racing opponents, oh, they breathe them and they kill them and they are
Anyway, let's take a look at that poll, final peak at the poll because the creepers haven't started yet, but they will
I wouldn't be surprised by mid-afternoon if Ron Paul's got 40 trillion votes
Of the people running for present, who's your choice, we got 557 votes, and this is a new poll we put on at 10 this morning
Not too bad, huh?
That what we shocked at a lot of you, you never thought we'd do that well, didn't you?
Nope
I'm afraid to be for a new year in the middle of these holidays
And guess what, I still don't like the holidays, you know, I get one guy there on the Myspace thing, giving me a song in advance
But oh, you're wrong, the holiday, that's my opinion
Okay, Grinch, no, I don't want to miss anybody else's good time, I just have to, I just have to, it's not over with
It's not for me, it's not niche for me, that's right, that's what they say in Pakistan, niche for me, for rank of Ambo 126
Swilter, Clinton 71, why don't I go back to a CNN when I want to look at the clock, that's not a good idea
Bad idea in the order to get an old and sena, go back to city polls, there you go
Dennis, considered 70, John Edwards, drooling idiot, he's got 62, none the above at 53, Ron Paul 47, little Ron Paul
Well, he's not so little, he's just wiring goofy looking, but nevertheless, Rudy Giuliani 34, Joe Biden 22, he hasn't made much of a movie yet, he's just Biden this time
He's got no chance, hope much of these people with no chance, but you know, they're raising a bunch of money and who knows who the hell's gonna get it
Sena to us, okay, we can use it, Bill Richardson 17, Fred Thompson's got a dozen, Mike Huckabee 11, John McCain 11, Mid Romney's got eight, Mike Grovel's got seven, and poor Chris Dodd, man, he can't catch a break
Every time I look at this stupid ass thing, he's bringing up the rear, he's in last place, he's got Solomon, they say, only six votes
I might do you think that's, I mean, he's from Connecticut, which may be a minor state, you know, as far as the size, etc.
But at least it's bigger than Delaware, I'm coming to have more votes than freaking Joe Biden
Come on, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
It's days you fell, with Miami Town, here's your, here's your, have five, six, old, WQM
She's gonna be old later, but soon he's gonna get killed, soon he'll be old later, but soon he's gonna get killed, soon he'll be old later, but soon he's gonna get killed, come on, you'll never wear
Resistance is what you'll find, when you put the gun inside, put the gun in your blood, see occupation
I got to try to defend, but hope that this doesn't say, I love this body, but in certain times, it's just you, only you're later, but soon he's gonna get killed, soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he'll be old later, but soon he
Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus was God, Jesus
Jesus
BOOO BOOO BOOO
